Living the Blues
Chapter one
When Mike arrived at the restaurant, he was escorted into the private dining room where his friends and family were waiting for him.  They had all come to help Mike celebrate his great achievement.  After studying music for six years at Julliard School of Music in New York, he had finally received his master’s degree in music.
Michael Howard grew up in Chicago, where he lived with his mother and grandmother.  He had become interested in music at the age of seven when he began playing the flute.  While attending middle school, he began playing the saxophone as well, and joined a jazz band at school.
As Mike entered the dining room, everybody began cheering and applauding for him and the party began.  Mike was having a great time and was happy to see that his family was having a good time as well, especially his grandmother.  However, his grandmother’s mood suddenly changed when Mike announced his plans for his future.
One of Mike’s friends asked him what he planned to do with his music degree.  “I eventually plan to teach music to middle school students,” Mike replied, “but before I begin my teaching career, I plan to take a year or two off to go to New York City and play jazz music in the night clubs, and maybe even hook up with a band.”
Mike saw his grandmother grab her purse and after a short argument with his mother, they headed for the door.  Mike headed over to them and asked “What’s wrong?  Why are you leaving so soon?”
Mrs. Hunter ignored the question, but Mike’s mother replied, “I’ll call you later” and then the two ladies left the restaurant.
Mike spent the rest of the evening visiting with friends.  He knew that he would miss them when he went to New York, but he also knew that it was something that he had to do, something that he wanted to do and if he didn’t do it right away, then he would never have the opportunity again.
Mike returned home around two o’clock the next morning and immediately went to bed.  Later that morning, when he woke up, he went down to the kitchen to eat breakfast.  His mother and grandmother were already at the table drinking coffee.  Mike started to ask his grandmother a question when he saw his mother giving him a serious look that said ‘don’t go there Mike’.  However, Mike wanted to know why his grandmother left the party so early, so he asked the question anyway.  “Was the party getting too rowdy or too noisy for you, Grandma?” he asked.
“No,” she replied.
“Then, what’s the deal?” asked Mike.  “Why did you leave so early?”
Mrs. Hunter hesitated for a moment before she answered.  “Because I do not approve of your plans to go to New York,”
“Why not?” asked Mike
“Because you will get sidetracked with playing in night clubs and you will forget about teaching altogether.  You will forget about your family and friends because you will become so obsessed with some band just like your father did and just like my father did,” replied his grandmother.
Mike didn’t say a word.  He was too angry and he didn’t want to say something that he would regret.  He stood up, walked out of the house and continued to walk.  He needed some time to calm down.  Usually when Mike went for a walk, he was able to cool off, but not this time.  The more he walked, the angrier he became.    When he returned home, he confronted his grandmother.   “Just because my father left my mom and me, and your father left you, does not mean that I will abandon my family,” said Mike “I am not my father and I am not your father.  And for your information, I located my father two years ago and I confronted him about he did.  He told me that it was not his music that caused him to leave.  He left because at the time he was not ready to be a father.  He apologized and I forgave him.  We have both moved on, and are trying to build some kind of relationship.  Maybe it’s time you forgave your father for something that happened over seventy years ago.”  Mike had planned to leave it at that, but he decided to add one more thing.  “If you really think that I would abandon my family because of my music, then you really don’t know me at all,” he said.
Over the next couple of days, Mrs. Howard tried very hard to smooth things over between her mother and her son, but they were both stubborn and refused to speak to each other.  Finally, Mrs. Hunter decided to talk to her grandson.  She had never seen him so upset before, and the two of them had always been very close.  She was afraid that she would lose him forever.  She apologized for making presumptions about his future.
Mike apologized to his grandmother as well and over the next few days, they talked quite a bit about his plans.
While Mike was attending school in New York, he had often gone to a jazz club called: ‘All That Jazz’.  One of the bands that he really enjoyed was called ‘Blues Rhapsody’.  The band members dressed in suits that were designed in the style of suits worn in New York in the 1930’s.  Whenever Mike watched them perform, he felt like he was actually experiencing the early days of Jazz.  Before Mike left New York, he learned that one of the band members was retiring and that the band was looking for a replacement and would be holding auditions two weeks later.
One night at dinner, Mrs. Howard gave her son an envelope.  Mike opened it and found a train ticket to New York City.  Mrs. Howard told her son that since he had the time, he should take a relaxing train ride to the Big Apple.  Some of Mike’s friends had told him how much fun they had when they rode the ‘Lake Shore Limited’ from Chicago to New York City.  
Mike’s grandmother handed him another envelope containing one thousand dollars to help him get started in New York.  Then, she told him that she had something else that would help him land the spot in the band.  She went up to her bedroom and returned with a cloth bag on a hanger and two old boxes.  Mike unzipped the bag which revealed a suit that looked brand new, but it was not from the twenty-first century.  The style was from the 1920’s.
“This is really cool,” said Mike.  “Where did you get this?”
“It belonged to my grandfather,” said Mrs. Hunter.  “He bought it back in 1927.  He only wore it on special occasions.  He called it his lucky suit.´ 
Mike opened the two boxes and found a pair of black dress shoes and a black hat.  He learned that both had belonged to his great-great grandfather as well and both were in excellent condition.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” asked Mrs. Howard, “Go try them on.”  Fifteen minutes later, Mike came down the stairs.  He told his mother and grandmother to close their eyes.  When they opened their eyes a moment later, they saw Mike standing with his back to them.  He slowly turned around and began to play an old jazz tune on his saxophone.
“You look like you just stepped out of the 1930’s,” said Mrs. Hunter. You look just like the photo I have of my grandfather.   The suit fits you perfectly.”  She got out an old photo album and Mike and his mother agreed that there was a strong family resemblance.
“Why did you keep this suit all these years?” asked Mike.
“My grandfather was a very peculiar man,” said Mrs. Hunter.  A couple of years before the depression hit, he had a feeling that the country was going to be hit by hard times.  He took all of the family’s money out of the bank and hid it.  Unfortunately, he died a few years later without telling anyone where he had hidden it. We never did find the money.  Some of my relatives thought that he had gambled it away, or made some bad investments.  
 My grandmother wanted to bury him in this suit, but I begged her to let me have it to remember him by, and she agreed.  He was buried in an old worn out suit instead.”
Chapter Two
Three days later, Mrs. Hunter and Mrs. Howard gave Mike a ride to Union Station to catch the train to New York City.  Mike wore his great-great grandfather’s suit, hat and shoes.  He even used an old suitcase from the 1920’s that his grandmother gave him.  In addition to his suitcase, Mike was also taking four instruments with him.  Besides the saxophone, Mike also played the piano the clarinet, the trombone and the trumpet. Three of the instruments were fairly new, but Mike had purchased the saxophone from a pawn shop several years earlier and it was almost eighty years old.  
Because of the way he was dressed, Mike could sense everybody staring at him, but he didn’t care.  He was proud to be wearing a family heirloom.  One elderly couple told Mike that he looked really snazzy.
Mike said goodbye to his mother and gave her a big hug.  Then, he hugged his grandmother and said; “I’m going to make you proud of me, Grandma,”
“I’m already proud of you,” said Mrs. Hunter.  Just be safe and have fun.”
When Mike boarded the train, he securely stowed his suitcase and three of his instruments.  His saxophone, he kept with him, as it was his most prized possession and he never let it out of his sight.  Mike loved the music that it played and he could only imagine the clubs that it had been played in over the years.
Mike wanted to enjoy every minute of the train ride, and he watched the landscape go past as the train headed toward New York.  When it got dark, Mike decided to take a short nap to pass the time.  He was soon awakened by a loud clap of thunder and a bolt of lightning that lit up the entire sky.  Mike felt a strange feeling come over him, as he quickly fell back to sleep.
When Mike woke up a few hours later, he felt disoriented.  He soon remembered that he was on a train headed towards New York, but as he looked around the train car, it seemed different. Then, he noticed that the other passengers in the car were all dressed in retro clothing like him.  He thought that someone was playing a trick on him.  He tapped the shoulder of the man sitting in the seat in front of him and asked him what the date was.
It’s June 9th,” replied the gentleman as he handed Mike the newspaper that he had just finished reading.  When Mike looked at the front page, he did a double take.  It was indeed June 9th, however the year was 1938.  Mike decided that he was dreaming and would soon wake up. Then, Mike got the idea to check his wallet, because his driver’s license would prove that it couldn’t be 1938, but when he reached into his back pocket, he found it empty.  He also discovered that his IPhone was missing as well.   At first, Mike wasn’t totally freaked out, because he thought he was still dreaming, but when he realized that he was wide awake, he began frantically searching for his wallet and his phone.  He searched under his seat, and in all of his pants pockets.  As he took off his suit coat, he felt something poke his hand.  At first he thought it was a straight pin, but upon closer examination, he discovered that there was a hidden zipper under a flap in the inside lining of the jacket.  As he examined it more closely, he noticed that the zipper went all the way around the inside of the jacket. He carefully pulled the zipper open and felt inside the lining.  He found several hidden pockets, each of which contained several crisp dollar bills. 
Mike looked around to make sure that no one was watching and then he took the suit to the restroom at the end of the train car.  After he locked the door, he began to examine the money.  The dates on the bills were all 1929 or earlier.  Eight of the pockets each held twelve one hundred dollar bills.  The 9th pocket held ten twenty dollar bills and the last two pockets contained ones, fives and tens.  Mike quickly added it all up and realized it was more than ten thousand dollars.  Once Mike realized that the money was real, he began wondering where it came from.  Then he recalled what his grandmother told him, that no one ever found where her grandfather hid his money.  The money had been in that suit coat for over seventy years.  Mike realized that must have been the reason he called it his lucky suit.  If Mike’s grandmother hadn’t begged to keep the coat, all of that money would have been buried with her grandfather.
Mike returned to his seat and began to think about the predicament he was in.  He realized that the clap of thunder and the lightning bolt had sent him back into the past. If he had indeed traveled back in time to the year 1938, he would need the money in his jacket to survive on.  He had already placed fifty dollars in small bills in his pocket.  He opened his saxophone case and noticed that the saxophone looked almost brand new.  That explained why he couldn’t find his wallet or his cell phone, because they didn’t exist in 1938, which also explained why he was no longer wearing socks or undershorts. Luckily, he was wearing a shirt from the 1920’s as well as his suit because it would be hard to explain why he was riding the train naked.
Mike was feeling hungry, so he picked up the newspaper and headed to the dining car.  He hadn’t eaten in several hours and he was starving.  He sat down in the dining car and ordered ham and eggs, toast, potatoes and coffee.  When the food was served, he handed the waiter a ten dollar bill to pay for his food. The waiter asked Mike if he had anything smaller.  Mike was surprised when he was told that the cost of the meal was fifty cents.  Mike handed the man a dollar and told him to keep the change.  The waiter seemed pleased with the small tip. 
When Mike began to eat his meal, he was amazed at how good it tasted.  The toast was made with homemade bread, and the food tasted fresh, with no chemical aftertaste.   It was the best meal he had ever eaten with the exception of his grandmother’s cooking.  While he ate, he contemplated his situation.  He learned that the train was headed for New York City, which was his ultimate destination, just seventy-five years earlier than expected.  He became quite excited at the prospect of living in New York when jazz music was just taking off.  With any luck, he would be a part of that experience.
Mike began reading the newspaper that he had brought with him to the dining car.  It was a copy of the Chicago Tribune.  He began catching up on the news of the day; the biggest story was about the tension in Europe involving Germany, which Mike knew would turn into World War II in a matter of months.  After he finished his breakfast, Mike returned to his seat.  On the way there, he checked on his luggage.  All he found was an empty suitcase.  All of his clothes, his toiletries, laptop and other electronics had disappeared as well as his trumpet, trombone and clarinet.  By this time, Mike began to realize that anything which had not existed after 1938 had disappeared when he was transported to 1938.
Mike’s head began filling with many thoughts at once.  He wondered if he really had traveled back in time, and if he had how he would ever get back to his own time.  Mike talked to the conductor and learned that the train was going to Penn Station in Manhattan.  Mike decided that he could spend all of his time worrying about how to get back to his own time, or he could make the most of his situation and have some fun on his adventure.  He was headed to New York City where jazz was in its infancy.  He would be able to gain experience by playing jazz with some of the great musicians he had studied during his years at Julliard.
Three hours, the train pulled into Penn Station.  Mike collected his empty suitcase and his saxophone and followed the other passengers into the station.  During his six years at Julliard, Mike had been all over Manhattan, and had been to Penn Station many times; however it was nothing like he remembered.  He had seen photos of the train station in a book about the history of the city, and he was overwhelmed to be in the grand old train station in its heyday.
After looking around for a while, Mike bought a newspaper and then stepped outside of the station to hail a cab.  With each new thing that Mike saw, he was continuously amazed.  As he watched all of the old fashioned cars and trucks and busses go by, he became very excited.  He got into a cab and asked the driver if he knew of any place where he could rent a room in Manhattan.  The cab driver told him that there were several boarding houses.  Mike asked if the driver would recommend one and he drove Mike to one a few blocks from downtown Manhattan.
The boarding house was a three story red brick house.  When Mike got out of the cab, Mike noticed that the fare was only $1.15.  He thought that it must have been a mistake and handed the man a five dollar bill and told him to keep the change.  The driver was very grateful and Mike guessed that they didn’t get many tips in the 1930’s.
Mike went to the front door of the boarding house and knocked.  The door was opened by a short stout woman in her mid-fifties.  She greeted him in a pleasant manner and Mike detected a Polish or German accent.  When Mike asked if she had any rooms for rent, she told him that she had a few vacant rooms.  The rate was five-fifty per week, which included three meals per day.  Mike thought the rate was a little steep and told her so.  He thanked her and started to leave, when the woman told him “I can go as low as five dollars per week.”  Mike had thought the rate was five hundred and fifty dollars per week when she actually meant five dollars fifty cents.  Mike took out five dollars and paid for a week in advance.  He suddenly realized why the cab driver was so pleased with his tip.  He probably earned only fifteen dollars in an entire day.  Mike realized that he had to be careful with the way he spent his money.  Mike only paid for a week’s rent, because he planned to find a job in the nightclub district and then find a room closer to his work.
When the owner of the boarding house saw Mike’s saxophone case, she told him that she expected him to keep the noise down and not to play his instrument too loud after eight o’clock in the evening.  
“Yes, Ma’am,” said Mike.  “And if I get a television, I will keep it turned down as well.”
“Ha,’ said Mrs. Luczak, “If you could afford a television set, you wouldn’t be staying here.  And anyway, television is a waste of time and just a passing fancy.  It will probably be gone in twenty years.”
It was a short while later, that Mike truly began to understand the value of the dollar in 1938.  In that year, an average house cost $4,000.  A new car cost around $800 and the average person only earned $1,700 per year.
Mike’s room was furnished with a bed, a nightstand, a lamp and a small chest of drawers.  There was also a small closet.  The room had a lock on it.  Mike had a key and he guessed that Mrs. Luczak also had a key.  He trusted her not to enter the room when he was not there.
Mike realized that he needed to buy some more clothes, especially underwear and socks and decided to go shopping the next day.  That night, after eating a home-cooked dinner, he decided to turn in for the night.  The bed was very comfortable and he slept like a baby.  
Mike woke up early the next morning and decided to take a shower while everybody else was still asleep. The bathroom was in the hall and was shared by four rooms on the same floor.  When he went into the bathroom, he saw that there was no shower, only an old fashioned cast iron bathtub.  Mike locked the door. Filled the tub with hot water and then undressed.  As he soaked in the tub, it brought back memories of taking baths when he was a small boy.
After his bath, Mike got dressed and went downstairs to the dining room, where breakfast was already on the table.  The food was just as good as the night before, except for the coffee which was much stronger than he was used to.
After breakfast, Mike got directions from Mrs. Luczak to the stores in the neighborhood.  He took two hundred dollars from his secret stash and left his coat in his locked room.  He didn’t think that he would be able to buy many clothes with that money, but at least he would have a few sets of clothes.  He was very surprised to discover that he was able to purchase several complete outfits including underwear, socks, belt, shoes and a couple summer suits for a total of seventy-five dollars.
As he walked back towards the boarding house with his purchases, Mike stopped at a drug store to buy some personal items, such as toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, etc.  When he saw a soda fountain, he ordered an ice cream soda that he had heard his grandmother mention.  It was the best ice cream soda that he ever had.  Mike also decided to purchase a few newspapers to look for a job as well as a few magazines to catch up on current events and fads of the 1930’s.  While browsing through the magazines, he noticed a rack of comic books.  Mike had not read any in many years, but read many as a young boy.  As he looked at the titles, he knew that several comics from the 1920’s and 1930’s would become very valuable in the far future.  Since they were only ten cents each, Mike decided to get a dozen copies of every comic book on the rack.  When he saw the curious look on the clerk’s face, Mike told him that they were for the kids in his neighborhood.
When he returned to the boarding house, Mike took his purchases up to his room.  He changed into some cooler clothing.  He was about to remove the rest of the money from the hidden packets when he thought about something.  The money had been safe there for over seventy years, so he decided to leave it where it was.  He hung the suit up in his closet, after taking some cash to keep with him.  
After putting away the rest of his new clothes, Mike began scanning the newspapers to catch up on the news for 1938.  Then, he began scanning the classifieds for an apartment that he could afford near the nightclubs.  He was shocked to see that the rent was only twenty-five dollars per month.  He also searched for any job openings in the clubs.  He found an apartment near a club that was looking for someone to work as a waiter, and who could also setup the music and sound equipment on stage.  Mike knew that he would have to work is way up to actually playing music on stage, whether he lived in 1938 or in 2013.
Chapter Three
Mike took a bus to the area where he wanted to get an apartment.  After he got off the bus, he waked a few blocks until he reached the apartment building listed in the ad.  The landlord told Mike that he did have a vacant apartment, but it wouldn’t be available for a week because he had to make some repairs.  He promised Mike that the apartment was his and Mike signed the lease before heading over to the ‘Blue Trumpet Jazz Club.  It was still early afternoon and the club was not yet open for business.  Mike knocked on the door and told man who answered the door that he was interested in the waiter job. A few minutes later, Mike met the owner of the club and was given a tour of the club.  Mike was honest and told the owner that he had never worked as a waiter, but that he was a quick learner.  Because of his honesty and his enthusiasm, Mike got the job.  The job paid twenty-five cents per hour plus tips. He would be working between fifty and sixty hours per week and could start that night.
After Mike left the club, he walked around the neighborhood.  When a bus went by, it reminded him that he would have to take the bus to and from the boarding house for the next week until his apartment was ready.  As he was contemplating his situation, he noticed a quaint little coffee shop.  He had been there in 2013, but in the future, the café would become a hardware store.  Mike walked into the diner and sat down at an empty table.  He was looking at the menu when the waitress came to take his order.  “I’ll have a cup of coffee and a slice of cherry pie, please.”  When he looked up from the menu, he saw the waitress for the first time.  He had never seen such a beautiful woman before.  She had long brown hair and hazel eyes that lit up the entire room when she smiled.
When the waitress brought his order, she asked Mike if he wanted anything else. “Why don’t you join me?” asked Mike “I’m new in town and I’m sure that you could tell me were the best shopping and entertainment in the area is.”  Mike suddenly remembered his manners.  “I’m sorry,” he said, “My name is Mike Howard.”
“I’m Vicky Davis,” replied the waitress.  “I can’t join you right now, because I’m working, but if you can wait, I get off in thirty minutes and then we can talk,”
Thirty minutes, two slices of pie and several cups of coffee later, Mike and Vicky were sitting at a table, talking about the neighborhood and getting to know each other.  Vicky was nineteen years old and hoped to one day become a doctor.  At one point, Mike politely interrupted Vicky and said; “You have beautiful eyes and a beautiful smile.”
Vicky blushed and quickly changed the subject.  “Do you live around here?” she asked.
“Well, currently, I am staying at a boarding house across town,” said Mike, “but I just signed a lease for an apartment one block from here.”  Mike told Vicky about his new job at the Blue Trumpet.  He also told her of his dream of one day playing in a real jazz band.
Vicky also lived in the neighborhood and two hours later, Mike walked her home before he headed to the Blue Trumpet for his first shift.  
Mike quickly learned that he had a real knack for being a waiter.  By nine o’clock, that evening, the club was packed and when the band began playing, Mike felt like he had died and gone to Jazz Heaven.  By the end of his shift at two a.m., Mike had earned two dollars and twenty-five cents in wages, five dollars in tips and he had learned quite a lot about his job, especially the things that he was doing wrong.  He learned that he was not to ask the customers for their ID’s when they ordered drinks.  The boss told him that he shouldn’t serve alcohol to children, but if an occasional teenager drank a beer or two in the club, it wasn’t a big deal.  He also learned what the popular drinks were in the 1930’s and how to make them.  He often helped the bartender mix the drinks.
After work, Mike caught a bus that took him across town to the boarding house.  He went up to his room and he was asleep within minutes.
When Mike woke up, it was past ten a.m.  He had slept through breakfast.  But, when he went down to the dining room, Mrs. Luczak had a plate of freshly made doughnuts on the table and poured Mike a cup of hot coffee.  Mike felt guilty because he had to tell Mrs. Luczak that he would be leaving at the end of the week, but he didn’t need to be.  Mrs. Luczak genuinely cared about all of her boarders.  She was very happy that Mike had found a job and an apartment near his job.  She even offered to use her truck to help him move his belongings to his apartment when it was ready.
After breakfast, Mike was on the first cross-town bus.  He had at least six hours before he had to be at work, but he wanted to explore downtown Manhattan.  He had another motive as well.  He wanted to see Vicky again.  He felt so comfortable around her, as if he had known her his entire life.  
Later that afternoon, when Mike walked into the diner, he saw Vicky and he began to get a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach.  It was a good feeling, one that he hadn’t felt in a very long time, not since he was a teenager.  He sat down at an empty table and when Vicky walked over to take his order, she was smiling at him.  Mike ordered coffee and asked Vicky to recommend a sandwich.  A few minutes later, she brought him his coffee, a tuna salad sandwich and a cup of homemade chicken soup.
When Mike finished his meal, he continued to drink more coffee, just so he would have a reason to stay at the diner.  He and Vicky made small talk as she worked.  He told her that if she ever wanted to visit him at the Blue Trumpet, that he would really enjoy seeing her there.  Mike stayed at the diner until Vicky’s shift ended and then he walked her home. This time, hey held hands as they walked.  Mike had only known Vicky for two days, but he felt a strong attraction to her.
When he arrived at the club, Mike was in a very good mood.  He started whistling as he set the tables and began getting the club ready for the evening.  As it got closer to six o’clock, Mike noticed that Marty, the owner seemed on edge.  When Mike asked what was wrong, Marty told him that the band that was scheduled to perform had not yet arrived and the club would soon be packed.  When Mike learned that Louis Armstrong and his band was the entertainment for the evening, he became very excited.  Mike would get to hear the legendary jazz great perform live.
By six-thirty, the club was packed and still no band.  He customers were beginning to get a little restless.  That’s when Mike got an idea.  There was a piano in the room and he told Marty that he could play the piano.  He offered to play some jazz until Mr. Armstrong arrived.  Marty was uncomfortable with the idea, but he really didn’t have any other choice, so he told Mike to start playing.  
When Mike realized that there was no sheet music for the piano, he began to get a little nervous.  He knew quite a few jazz tunes by heart, but a lot of them were written after 1938.  Then he got a brilliant idea.  He told the audience that Mr. Armstrong had been delayed, but that he would play for them until the band arrived.  Then, Mike asked if anybody had any requests.  As they shouted out song titles, Mike picked a few that he knew and sat down at the piano and began to play.  First, he played ‘Summertime’ by Gershwin, which was a big hit and he received much applause.  Then someone asked him to play something that they could dance to.
There was a large dance floor and Mike obliged, by playing “It Doesn’t Mean a Thing (If you Ain’t got that Swing)” by Duke Ellington.  Soon, there were several couples out on the dance floor, swinging to the music.  When Mike had finished playing, there was much applause, but not just from the audience.  Mike looked across the stage and saw the great Louis Armstrong himself applauding Mike’s piano playing.  Mr. Armstrong walked across the stage and shook Mike’s hand and told him that he’d like to speak to him after the show, if he had the time.  Mike told Mr. Armstrong that he would be honored.
As Mike began serving drinks to the customers, Marty told him that they needed to have a chat after closing.  It made Mike a little nervous, because he didn’t know if he had done something wrong.  Throughout the rest of the evening, as Mike waited tables, he got a lot of compliments from the customers telling him how good he was, as well as a lot of good tips.  For the rest of the evening, Mike was in a trance-like state listening to Louis Armstrong play on stage.
That night after the club closed, Mike counted his tips and realized that he had received three times more than the previous evening.  As he was putting his tips in his pocket, Mr. Armstrong walked up to him and thanked for entertaining the audience until he and his band arrived.  Mr. Armstrong told Mike that they had mechanical difficulties with their car and that was why they were delayed.  He also told Mike that he was impressed with his piano playing and would like to get the chance to play with him some day.  
Mike told Mr. Armstrong that he was a big fan of is music and then he almost made a big mistake.  He told Mr. Armstrong; “When I was younger, before I became interested in music, I used to get you confused with Neil Armstrong.”
“Who’s Neil Armstrong?” asked Mr. Armstrong
“He was the first person to step foot on the...” said Mike.  He almost said moon, but caught himself and said “stage in our grade school gym”.  That mistake would have been hard to explain, since man would not step foot on the moon for another thirty-one years, and the space program didn’t even exist in 1938.  Before Mr. Armstrong left the club, he signed a napkin for Mike at his request.
When Marty and Mike were the last two people left in the club, Marty told Mike that he was impressed with his musical talent and asked if he could play any instruments besides the piano.  Mike told him that he could also play the clarinet, the trombone, the trumpet and the saxophone, and that he had his own saxophone.
“How would you like to play a few songs before the scheduled entertainment plays?” asked Marty.  “I would still need you to wait tables and serve drinks later, but the crowd loved you tonight.  What do you say?”
“I’d love to,” said Mike.  It was the break that every musician dreamed of.
Chapter Four
The next day, Mike was floating on cloud nine and he just had to share his good fortune with someone, and he knew who that someone would be.  He went to the diner to see Vicky.  She was genuinely happy for Mike and accepted his invitation to hear him play that evening.    Mike told Vicky that he had some shopping to do before returning to the diner for a late lunch.
Mike went to several stores before he found what he was looking for.  He purchased an Argus AF 35 mm camera along with film and accessories.  He also bought a Kodak movie camera and film.  Mike wanted to take pictures and movies of Vicky as well as of the jazz artists who would perform at the club.  Those items set him back more than thirty dollars, which by that time, Mike realized was a lot of money for the 1930’s.
Mike also found a music store that sold sheet music and he purchased the music for several jazz songs that were poplar, so that he would be prepared for his next performance, that evening.
Though Mike had only been living in 1938 for less than a week, he was adjusting to his new life rather nicely.  The hardest part was the loss of technology from his old life.  Being without his laptop was hard enough, but he felt naked without his IPhone and his IPod.  Mike was always very careful about what he said around other people, especially around Vicky, because he couldn’t talk about future events (which were past events to him).  He was also careful not to use slang words and phrases that weren’t around in 1938.
That evening, when Mike worked at the club, he played a few selections on the piano and a few on his saxophone.  He could tell that the audience loved him.  He also noticed that Marty was very impressed as well.  When the featured band for the evening began playing, Mike began waiting on the customers and serving drinks.  Vicky had seen his entire performance and told Mike that he was wonderful.
On Sunday morning, Mike met Vicky’s family when he joined them at their church for their weekly service.  Mike didn’t understand why he was so nervous, until he realized that he was seeking their approval, because he was falling in love with Vicky.
That evening, Mrs. Luczak kept her promise and helped Mike move his belongings into his new apartment across town.  She even helped him carry everything upstairs into the apartment.  Before she left, she handed Mike a large bag filled with sandwiches, fruit and her homemade cookies.  She gave Mike a big hug and wished him much success in his new home and his new job.  It made Mike think about his mother and grandmother, which he had not thought about since arriving in 1938.  He suddenly felt very homesick.  
The rent of his new apartment was seven dollars per week, which was higher than the average rent, not only because of its proximity to shops and entertainment in downtown Manhattan, but also because it had modern appliances (or at least modern for that time period).  The apartment consisted of four rooms; a bedroom, living room, bathroom and a kitchen.  The apartment came fully furnished and included an electric stove and refrigerator.  It also had modern plumbing, steam heat as well as hot and cold running water.
After Mike unpacked, and put the food in the refrigerator, he took a bath and changed into a suit.  Then he went down to the street to wait for Vicky to arrive.  Marty had given him the night off and he and Vicky were going to go out to dinner and then go to another nightclub to celebrate his new apartment.
When Vicky arrived, Mike couldn’t take his eyes off of her.  She looked like a movie star that Mike had seen in the movies of that era.  He had never seen such a beautiful woman before.  They caught a taxi and went to a Chinese restaurant that Vicky had always wanted to try.  She had heard many good things about the food and the ambiance.  Mike had eaten quite a bit of Chinese food in his life, but none was as good as dinner that evening.
After dinner, Mike and Vicky took another cab to Harlem, where they had reservations at the Cotton Club, to see Count Basie and his orchestra.  Mike was very relaxed, because he didn’t have to wait tables, or perform.  He was not only entranced with the music, but with Vicky as well.  When she suggested that they dance, Mike became a little nervous.  When he was nine or ten, his grandmother had taught him some dance steps such as swing and ballroom dancing, but it had been years and he didn’t know how much he would remember.
As soon as Mike and Vicky were out on the dance floor, the dance steps started coming back to him and it felt like he had been dancing his entire life.  During the slow songs, Vicky put her head on his shoulder and Mike was in Heaven.
It was after midnight, when a taxi dropped Mike and Vicky off in front of her house.  Mike took his time walking Vicky to the door because he didn’t want the evening to end.  As they stood on the front porch, Mike was surprisingly calm, and not at all nervous as he thought he would be.  Mike looked into Vicky’s sparkling eyes and said; “This has been the best night of my life.  I had a really great time and I want to keep seeing you.”
Vicky didn’t say anything for a moment.  She just gave Mike a big hug and held onto him tightly. “I’ve never met anybody like you either,” she said.  When Vicky finally let go of Mike, he took a chance.  In all of the years that he had dated girls in his own time period, he had never felt nervous about kissing them, he just did it.  But now was different.  He had never felt so much love for a woman as he did with Vicky.  Mike held her in his arms, slowly reached in and kissed her soft red lips.  His kiss was very soft and gentle.  As he pulled back, he said; “I love you Vicky.”
Vicky didn’t say anything at first, but after a moment, she said; “I’ll see you tomorrow, Mike,” and she had a big smile on her face.
The next day, when Mike went to the diner for lunch, he asked Vicky if she had a good time on their date.  She told him that she couldn’t fall asleep for a long time that night, thinking about what a great time she had.  Then, in a soft voice, she said, “I love you too, Mike,”
Over the next several weeks, Mike and Vicky continued to date, and they grew closer together.  They had fallen madly in love.  Mike ate lunch in the diner each day so that he could see Vicky and on each of the six nights per week that Mike worked at the club, Vicky sat in the very front table to watch him perform.  On Mike’s night off, they would go out to dinner and afterwards, to various nightclubs throughout the city to see different bands and singers.
In his own time period, Mike had become accustomed to eating a lot at fast food restaurants, but in the 1930’s, they really didn’t exist.  Mike knew how to cook somewhat, from watching and helping his mother and grandmother cook at home.  He and Vicky went shopping for cookware, including cast iron pans, mixing bowls, cooking utensils, etc.  Mike bought the best set of porcelain china that he could find.  He bought a complete service for twelve, plus some sterling silverware.  Mike found some cookbooks as well.  When they weren’t eating out at different restaurants, he and Vicky would cook dinner in his apartment.  Mike didn’t think he could ever go back to fast food again.
At the nightclubs, Mike always brought his camera and his movie camera.  He would film the performances and he could usually persuade the jazz greats to pose with him for a picture, which Vicky would take.  Mike was in ‘Blues Heaven’, as he watched the greatest jazz legends in history perform on stage.  He met Louis Armstrong, Cab Calloway, Duke Ellington, Hoagy Carmichael, Benny Goodman, Count Basie and many others.  He also met other musical artists as well, including Ella Fitzgerald, Lena Horne, Nat King Cole, Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra and Sammy Davis Jr.  He and Vicky went to all of the top clubs, including the Apollo Theater, Savoy Ballroom, the Renaissance Ballroom and the Cotton Club.
Chapter Five
Mike Howard was having the time of his life.  Not only was he experiencing the early days of jazz, but he was sharing the experience with the woman that he loved.  Mike and Vicky attended other events besides going to night clubs.  They also attended the premiers of several historical movies such as ‘Boy’s Town’ and ‘Snow White’.
Mike was also made frequent purchases.  Every time he saw an item that he knew would have historical significance, he would buy a few, including the first nylon toothbrushes, ball point pens as well as several copies of each comic book that was published, as he wasn’t sure which ones were the important ones seventy years later.  He made most of the purchases in private, as he couldn’t tell Vicky why he was collecting the items.  In fact, He had no idea how he would take the items back to the year 2013 with him if he ever returned to his own time, but that was the furthest thing from his mind.  One thing that shocked him was when he saw Adolph Hitler on the cover of Time Magazine as Man of the Year.
Mike and Vicky both loved baseball and they watched the New York Yankees play the Chicago Cubs in 1938 World Series.  
Mike spent the Christmas holidays with Vicky’s family and it helped keep him from being so homesick for his own family.  Shortly after New Year’s Day, 1939; a big opportunity fell into Mike’s lap.  As he finished performing at the club one night, the main event band for the evening arrived.  There were five guys who appeared to be in their twenties and thirties.  Mike thought they seemed upset about something.  When Mike had finished playing, one of the band members introduced himself to Mike.  His name was Happy Jack Carmichael.  The other guys in the band were Bill “Pretty Boy” Jones, John “Sticks” Jackson, Greg “Smokey” Thompson and Ricky “Shorty” Butler.  
Jack told Mike that another guy had just quit, and that they were short a saxophonist.  He asked Mike if he was willing to play saxophone with them for the evening.  Mike asked Marty if he could, and after getting permission, he agreed.
As the band performed, the audience went wild with applause and for the first time, Mike felt like he was finally living his dream of playing in a jazz band.  Later, when they were packing up their instruments, Jack asked Mike if he would like to join the band on a permanent basis.  He explained that they mostly played around the city, and occasionally in different cities and sometimes in other states.  Jack told Mike that he could really make his saxophone come to life.  Mike mentioned that he could also play the piano, trumpet, clarinet, flute and trombone as well.
Mike told Jack that he would have to talk to Marty before he made any decision, since Marty had given Mike his first break in the music business.  Jack and Bill told Mike that they admired his integrity.
When Mike told Marty about the opportunity he had, Marty shook his hand and told him that he would miss him, but that he would not be the one to deny the world of Mike’s talent.  “You have a gift for music, kid” said Marty.  “I know that you will go far with that talent.  I’m not saying that I won’t miss you, because that would be a lie, but you have to follow your dream.”  Then, Marty gave Mike a big bear hug and wished him the best of luck and success.
Vicky was at the show, and Mike asked her for her opinion.  She was very happy for Mike and told him to follow his dream.  Mike told Jack and Bill that if they were serious about their offer, then they had a new member for their band.
Jack gave Mike the directions to an old warehouse where they rehearsed.  He also told Mike that they had to pick out a stage name for him.  When Mike seemed confused, Jack explained that he was known as “Happy” Jack Carmichael when they performed and that each of the other band members had nicknames as well.  Jack told Mike that by the end of their first performance, they would have a nickname picked out that would fit him.
Over the next several days, Mike became more acquainted with the rest of the band.  Jack was the oldest at 38.  The rest of the members were in their early to mid-twenties like Mike.  When Mike asked Jack what the name of their band was, he noticed that he had hit a sore spot.  It seems that the five of them had been arguing for months about a name for the band, but they couldn’t agree on one.  Bill suggested that they let Mike pick the name for the band, since he was the newest member.  Everyone agreed to go with whatever name he chose.  Mike said he would give it some serious thought and come up with a great name.  
Mike thought about a name for the band over the next couple of days.  He finally decided to take the name of a band that he had seen a few times while he was going to school.  He decided that he wasn’t actually stealing the name, because the other band wouldn’t be formed for several more decades.  When Mike told the rest of the band the name he had come up with, they all liked it and agreed that it would be the name of the band from that day forward, and that they would announce it to the crowd at their next gig on Saturday night.
When Saturday arrived, Mike still didn’t have a stage name.  It bothered him more than it did the others.  Jack told him to relax, that the name would come in time.  However, Mike couldn’t relax.  He was deep in thought while he was helping to carry their instruments into the club, when he bumped into an elderly man.  “I’m so sorry,” said Mike.  “Are you okay Sir?”
“I’m fine, Sonny,” said the man.  “I may be old, but I’m sturdy.   I won’t break.”
Later, just before they were supposed to go on, a woman tapped Mike on the shoulder and said, “Excuse me Sonny, could I have some iced tea?”  Mike explained that he wasn’t a waiter, but told her that he would find a waiter for her.
Shortly after seven o’clock, the band began to play and they didn’t stop until after ten.  There was a small dance floor and it was packed all night long, with people getting their groove on.
Before the evening came to a close, Jack addressed the crowd, “You have been a great audience.  We hope to play for you again soon.   The name of our band is “Blues Rhapsody” and we just love jazz.  I am ‘Happy’ Jack Carmichael.  Please give it up for the rest of the band.  On drums; ‘Sticks’ Jackson, on piano; ‘Smokey Thompson, on bass; ‘Shorty’ Butler, on trombone; ‘Pretty Boy’ Jones and our newest member, on saxophone; ‘Sonny’ Howard.” Mike loved his new stage name, and the crowd loved him.
Jack and Mike had something in common.  Both of them could play several instruments, including saxophone, trumpet and trombone.
The following week, Blues Rhapsody played at the Blue Trumpet Club, where Mike used to work.  One afternoon, while they were rehearsing, a man and his young son walked into the club.  The man said that he had heard the band play the night before, and that he loved the music.  He told the band that he used to play jazz many years earlier, and that it was an honor to meet them.  Jack looked at the man and asked him what his name was.  The man introduced himself as D.T. Howard.  “Well I’ll be damned,” said Jack.  “I’ve seen you play.  You’re Blue Eyes Howard.  How would you like to jam with us tonight?”
“It would be an honor,” said Mr. Howard.  “Do you have someone who can keep an eye on my son, Tommy?”
Before Jack could reply, Mike said; “I would be happy to keep an eye on him for you.  I could use a night off anyway.”
Mr. Howard introduced Mike to his son Tommy, who had just turned ten. Tommy was sitting at a table doing homework.  Tommy told Mike that he was having trouble with math and science and his dad insisted that he do all of his homework before he could play and relax.  Mike told Tommy that he was very good at math and science and could help him with his homework. 
While Mike and Tommy worked on the homework, they chatted quite a bit.  Mike learned that Tommy wanted to play in a band like his father used to, when he got older, but that his mother didn’t want him to.  Mike told Tommy that he could play music without working in a band full time.  Mike knew that being a musician could tear a family apart, from his personal experiences.  He asked Tommy what else he was interested in.  Tommy told Mike that he might like to be a cop or a lawyer.  Mike told him to work hard and get the best grades that he could and he might one day become a lawyer.  He also told him not to give up on his dream of playing music.
When the homework was finished, Mike let Tommy try playing his saxophone and he was impressed.  Mike told Tommy that he had talent.  Later that night, while Blue Eyes Howard played with the band, Mike and Tommy sat at a table enjoying the music and drinking sodas.  Jack told Mike to join in on the last song.  Mike stood on the stage next to Blue Eyes and the band played their finale; ‘Lizzie’.  Before Blue Eyes and his son left the club, Mike mussed the boy’s hair and said, “You behave yourself, Tommy.”
Over the next couple of weeks, “Blues Rhapsody” had several gigs around the city.  Mike was having a blast.  When he wasn’t rehearsing or performing, he was spending as much time with Vicky as he could.  On their free evenings, they went to see movies, went to the opera, or to clubs to see other bands or singers.  Often, they would just take long walks in the moonlight.  Also, Vicky began showing Mike all of the sights of the Big Apple.
Mike had lived in New York City for six years while he attended school and he had never really taken the time to actually see the city.  Vicky had lived in the city her entire life and her parents had exposed her to the culture of the city since she was a small girl.
Mike and Vicky went to the Empire State Building, to the Bronx Zoo, to Ellis Island, to the Metropolitan Opera House and to all of the museums, including the American Museum of Natural History and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.  They also visited the major bridges of the city, such as the Brooklyn Bridge, The George Washington Bridge and the Queensboro Bridge.  
Mike took his camera and his movie camera everywhere they went, and either he or Vicky was in every picture.    Once, when they were taking photos of the Queensboro Bridge, they were approached by a man who told them it was nice to see young people taking an interest in the architecture of the city.  Vicky took several photos of the man.  Later, after he had gone on his way, Mike asked her why she took so many pictures of him.  “Don’t you know who that was?” she asked.  
“No, should I?” asked Mike
“That was Mayor LaGuardia, you know, as in mayor of New York City!”  said Vicky.
“LaGuardia, as in LaGuardia Airport?” asked Mike.
“What are you talking about?” asked Vicky.  “There is no LaGuardia Airport.”
“Well there should be,” said Mike trying to cover up his slip of the tongue.  “From what I’ve seen, He has done a terrific job so far.”  Mike would have been okay if he had stopped there, but then he proceeded to put his other foot into his mouth as well by saying, “There should be another airport besides JFK International Airport.”  As soon as he said it, he realized that in 1939, John F. Kennedy was only twenty-two years old and nobody had ever heard of him.
“I have no idea what you are talking about,” said Vicky.  The only airport in New York City is the New York Municipal Airport.”  Mike quickly changed the subject by saying how beautiful the East River was with all of the boats on it.
Chapter Six
One week later, Mike was exploring the city on his own.  He was walking along the Hudson River, when he saw two children thrashing around in the water.  Mike could see that they were in distress.  He looked around and when he so no one else nearby, he quickly removed his coat, shoes and socks and dove into the cold river.  By the time he reached the children, one of them had stopped moving and was barely breathing.  It took Mike a few minutes to get her back to shore, because he was fighting the undertow.  Once he got her to shore, he quickly returned to get the other child.  By the time he returned with the boy, he was nearly exhausted.  The children were around ten years old and they had worn him out while pulling them to safety.  
By the time Mike had them both safely on shore, Mike noticed that the girl had stopped breathing.  By then several other people had gathered around.  Mike shouted to them to call ‘911’, but all he got was a bunch of blank stares.  Then he shouted; “go get help, an ambulance or the police.  These children need help.”  When someone ran to get help, Mike turned his attention to the girl. He remembered his CPR training from the Boy Scouts.  The girl had a pulse, so he began rescue breathing.  After a minute or two, the girl began coughing up water and began to breathe on her own.  She was shivering, and Mike wrapped his coat around her and told her to slow her breathing down, as she had started to hyperventilate.  Another man had given his coat to the boy to warm him up as well.
After an ambulance arrived and took the children to the hospital, a police officer offered to give Mike a ride home so that he could get changed into some dry clothes.  Mike thought nothing more about the incident, until the next day, when two gentlemen in their thirties appeared at the door of his apartment.  When Mike opened the door, one of the men asked him if he was the person who had saved Ben and Lucy the day before. The police officer who had taken Mike home had given the men his address.
“I don’t know any Ben or Lucy,” said Mike.
“Did you pull two children out of the river yesterday,” asked the man.
“Yes,” said Mike, “but it was nothing.   I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.”
“Well, we want to thank you” said the man.  “Lucy is my daughter and I don’t know what I’d do if I had lost her.  My name is John Garrett and my friend here is Paul Anderson.  His son Ben is the boy that you pulled out of the river.  After they thanked Mike a dozen times, John and Paul invited him to dinner at John’s house on Sunday so that their wives could personally thank Mike as well.  When Mike asked if he could bring his girlfriend, they quickly said yes, and Mike accepted their kind offer.
On Sunday afternoon, Mike and Vicky arrived at the home of John Garrett.  John introduced them to his wife Peggy; and Paul’s wife Jean.  After Mike introduced Vicky to everyone, there was an awkward moment of silence before Jean and Peggy rushed towards Mike, hugged and kissed him as they thanked him for saving their children.
At that moment, Lucy and Ben entered the room and ran up to Mike, hugged him and thanked him as well.  Lucy was very quiet and looked a little scared.  When her mother asked her what was wrong, Lucy turned to Mike and asked; “Are you a real angel?”
“No, of course not,” said Mike.  “Why would you think that?”
“My dad told me that I had stopped breathing and that you brought me back to life by giving me your breath,” she replied.
“I just got your own lungs to start working again,” said Mike.  “I’m just as human as everyone else here.”
“Well, I will never be able to thank you enough for bringing me back to life,” said Lucy.
“What were you and Ben doing so close to the water, anyway?” asked Mike.  “Didn’t you realize how dangerous that was?”
“Lucy wanted to go down to the edge of the river and touch the water,” said Ben “and she lost her balance and she fell in.  When I reached in to grab her, I fell in as well.”
“Are the two of you friends?” Mike asked Ben.
“We are best friends,” said Ben.
“Well,” said Mike “you weren’t being a good friend yesterday.”  When Mike noticed the puzzled look on Ben’s face, he began to explain.  “When I was about your age, I had a best friend named Tom.  We had been best friends since first grade.  We did everything together.  One day, in the fifth grade, he wasn’t prepared for a test and he decided to cheat by writing down all the answers on his arms under his sleeves, so that he would get a good grade.  I was confused about I should do.  I knew that if Tom cheated, he might get caught, but more importantly, I knew that if he cheated once, he might do it again.  I decided to risk our friendship to help him.  I told Tom that he shouldn’t cheat and that if he did, I would tell our teacher.”
“What happened?” asked Ben.
“Tom was very angry with me,” said Mike, “but he knew that I meant what I said and he went into the boy’s bathroom and washed the answers off of his arms.  When we were given the test, Tom tried his best, but he didn’t do well.  However, another boy in our class got caught cheating.  Not only did he get an ‘F’, but he was humiliated in front of the entire class when our teacher ripped up his test.  A lot of the class did poorly on the test and everybody got a chance to take another test the next day, everybody except for the boy who cheated.  Tom studied hard for the make-up test and he got a ‘B+’.  Our friendship grew stronger that day; because Tom realized how stupid he had been and what a good friend I was for standing up to him.”
“Ben, the next time Lucy tries to talk you into doing something that you know is wrong, or she tries to do something wrong, speak up and tell her no!  Watch out for her and keep her safe.  That’s what friends do.”
Then, Mike turned to Lucy and said, “That goes for you too, Lucy,” he said.  “When Ben starts to do something stupid or dangerous, and believe me, he will do a lot of dumb things.  I was a boy once.  I know.  Watch out for him and keep him safe.”
Vicky had been listening to the conversation and told Mike that he would make a good father one day, which caused Mike to blush.
When everyone was sitting around the table eating dinner, Paul asked Mike how was able to bring Lucy back to life.  Mike knew that CPR and Mouth-to-Mouth Resuscitation didn’t exist in the 1930’s, or at least weren’t as well-known as they were in 2013, so he told everyone that he learned it from a doctor in Chicago when he was a teenager.  Then he quickly changed the subject.
“So, Paul,” said Mike, “What do you do for a living?”
“John and I both work in electronics and we are planning to start our own electronics company as soon as we can save up enough money,” said Paul.  “We have saved a few hundred dollars so far, but we still need more.”
Later that evening, after Mike dropped Vicky off at her home, he returned to his own apartment.  That night, Mike had a lot to think about.  He had always wanted children, but he realized that if he had children in the past and then returned to his own time, his children would be at least sixty to seventy years older than him.  He loved Vicky, but he realized that he could never have children with her.
Mike also thought about the business venture that John and Paul were planning.  He knew that when he returned to his own time period, that he might not be able to take anything back with him, including his money.  He decided to offer some to John and Paul.  Blues Rhapsody was playing at a local club the next night, so he called John and Paul and set up a meeting with them in the afternoon.
Mike met John and Paul at a local restaurant for lunch.  Mike told that he had inherited some money and he wanted to help them get their business started.  He asked them if one thousand dollars was enough.  Both men were shocked by the offer. They accepted Mike’s offer, but only if he became a partner.  Mike told them that he would be leaving town some day in the near future and he didn’t want to be tied down to a business.  After they kept insisting, he finally offered to accept five percent stock in their company if they ever went public.  John and Paul realized that Mike wouldn’t budge, so they agreed to the deal.  Paul wanted a legal contract drawn up, but Mike told them that a handshake was good enough for him.
While the three of them ate lunch, John and Paul told Mike their ideas for their business.  A friend of theirs had an old movie theater that he offered to sell to them for five thousand dollars, which they didn’t have.  Mike and Paul decided to start their business in Paul’s basement and use their limited funds for research and development and supplies.  As the three left the restaurant, they shook hands and Paul asked, “Are you sure you’re not an angel?”  The three of them laughed before going their separate ways.
Chapter Seven
That lunch meeting started a chain of events in Mike’s life.  That night, after the club closed, and Mike and the rest of the band were packing up their instruments, Jack told the others that he was getting too old to keep moving from club to club every night, and from city to city.  He wished that they had their own club, where they could perform every night.
Mike suddenly remembered what Paul told him about an old movie theater being for sale.  He said nothing to Mike about it, as he wanted to take a look at the building and see how low he could bring the asking price down.   When he returned to his apartment, he went to his closet to see how much money he had left.  After counting it, he realized that he still had nine thousand dollars left.  As he was zipping the zipper along the bottom part of the jacket, he felt something in the top part of the jacket.  He discovered two more secret pockets on the inside of the jacket in the front.  In each pocket, he found six one-thousand dollar bills dated 1918.  He now had a total of twenty-one thousand dollars, a small fortune in 1939.
Mike was up early the next morning.  After eating breakfast, he called Paul and obtained the address of the old movie theater that was for sale.  Then, he took a cab to the theater.  Paul called the owner, who arrived at the theater about the same time.  He gave Mike the grand tour and Mike was quite impressed.  He saw the potential to turn it into a really nice jazz club.  It was quite large and it was structurally sound.  It had a basement, and an underground garage with a ramp that led up to the alley in back.  The building also had an attic over the entire theater.  Mike also discovered a large secret room between the small basement and the garage.  The owner did not know about the secret room and Mike was not about to tell him.
Mike had a hunch that Mike and the rest of the band would love the idea of having their own club, so he made an offer of four thousand dollars to the owner. Mike had some experience with haggling and he and the owner finally agreed on a price of four thousand six hundred dollars.  Mike paid the man in cash and received the deed to the theater.
The next day, Mike told the other guys in the band that he wanted to show them something.  He asked them to meet him at the old theater.  Then he called Vicky and asked her to meet him there as well.  When everybody was present, Mike asked them, “Don’t you think that this theater could be turned into a great jazz club?”  Mike had made some rough sketches to show how the club might look after remodeling.  Everyone agreed that it would make a great jazz club.  It was in a good location with ample parking and plenty of room for large crowds.  
Jack asked the question that everyone was thinking.  “This is great, Mike,” he said, “but I don’t think that we can afford it.  Have you even talked to the owner about it?”
“Funny that you should mention that, because as of this afternoon, I became the owner,” said Mike.  He explained that he had received a substantial inheritance from a relative and he decided to buy the building.  He told them that he believed that with everyone pitching in they could have the club open by the end of the year.  Mike had volunteered hundreds of hours with Habitat for Humanity, but he just told them that he had experience with building and remodeling houses.
After everyone agreed to open their own jazz club, Mike suggested that they all be equal owners.  They would share equally in the costs of running the club as well as the profits.  Bill and Jack told Mike that since he bought the building, he would retain title to the building and lot.  Mike asked if he could have exclusive use of the basement and garage.  Everyone agreed to his request.  Vicky told Mike that she had relatives in the restaurant/bar business and she would ask their advice concerning obtaining a liquor license, for the club, as well as applicable permits, etc.   
As Jack and the others were checking out the main theater, Mike went up into the attic with a flashlight to look around.  There was a lot of room for storage.  Mike saw several boxes stacked off to one side and he went over to check them out.  When he opened the boxes, he discovered that they were filled with old movie posters and movie cards that the theater had used to advertise the movies it was showing.  There were well over two hundred posters, dating back to the turn of the century.  Mike recognized a few of them; King Kong, Frankenstein, and Charlie Chaplin movies.  He carefully boxed them back up and decided that he would later move them down to the basement for safe keeping.  He also discovered several old musical instruments which he would move to the basement as well.
Chapter Eight
Over the next week, Mike, Jack and Bill and the rest of the band brainstormed ideas for the layout of their club.  Vicky had several great ideas as well, especially from a female point of view.  Mike paid for the supplies and most of the work was done during the day.  They still found time to rehearse before their performances each evening.
Mike continued walking around the city as often as he was able, sometimes with Vicky and sometimes by himself.  As much as he liked New York City of the twenty-first century, he loved the city of the twentieth century even more.  He loved to visit all of the quaint little shops that he came across.  In one second hand furniture store, he found a beautiful old roll top desk from the late 1800’s.  He bought it and had it delivered to the future club, where he put it in the basement office.
One day, in late April 1939, Mike passed a bookstore and did a double take.  He saw someone signing books.  When he got closer, he realized that it was indeed John Steinbeck, and he was signing copies of his latest book; ‘The Grapes of Wrath’.  That was the all-time favorite book of Mike’s grandmother.  Mike bought a copy and got in line to have it signed.  When he finally reached the author, he asked him sigh the book to his grandmother, Alice Hunter, who was his biggest fan.  
From that day forward, Mike would visit every book store he came across and look for new books that he knew would be very valuable someday.  He also asked around and whenever a famous author was scheduled to be in the city, Mike would try to get them to sign a copy of their book for him, or his grandmother.  Before long, Mike had quite a collection of best sellers in his basement office, that were autographed by such authors as Steinbeck, Hemmingway, Fitzgerald, Faulkner, Pearl Buck, Upton Sinclair and Sinclair Louis just to name a few.  Mike also purchased several children’s books published in the 1910’s, 1920’s and 1930’s. All of them were first editions. He tried to get as many of them autographed as possible, as well.
One afternoon, Mike and Vicky were touring the sights of the city, when Vicky became excited to see someone that she recognized.   “That’s Georgia O’Keeffe,” she said.  When she saw that Mike didn’t recognize the name, she told him that she was a very famous artist.  She told him that when she was little; she became very involved in art because of that artist.  She was too scared to approach the artist, but Mike wasn’t.  He walked up to the woman and told her that his girlfriend was a big fan of her art and would love to meet her.  Ms. O’Keeffe asked Mike and Vicky to join her at a sidewalk café for some tea and she chatted with Vicky for over thirty minutes.  Afterwards, she posed for some photos with Vicky and with Mike.
That wasn’t the only famous person that Mike met while living in the past.  One day, while he was visiting Princeton University, he walked past an older gentleman whom he recognized, but he thought he was mistaken.  After a second look, he approached the man and asked him if he was Mr. Albert Einstein.  It was indeed the famous scientist, himself.  Mike talked with the man for a few minutes and when a professor walked by, Mike asked him to take a photo of the two of them.
Chapter Nine
When Mike heard that the New York City World’s Fair would open at the end of April, he asked Vicky if she would like to go with him on opening day.  He also asked Ben’s and Lucy’s parents if he and Vicky could take the kids with them.  Paul and John and their wives were busy starting their new electronics business, that they were very grateful to Mike and Vicky for taking the children.
Ben and Lucy were very excited that they were going to the World’s Fair and they didn’t mind arriving in Queens two hours before the gates opened, because it was opening day.  The two children, Mike and Vicky all had a terrific time.  The only glitch came when it came time to ride the Ferris wheel.  Ben and Lucy refused to sit in a seat by themselves, and Vicky didn’t want to ride it at all.  Mike solved the problem.  He sat between Ben and Lucy, while Vicky watched from the ground.  When they reached the very top, Ben and Lucy became frightened and were hanging onto Mike for dear life.  Mike put his arms around the children and promised them that he wouldn’t let anything happen to them.  That made the children feel much better.
Later that day, after visiting the part of the fair that showed predictions of the future, Ben and Lucy began making their own predictions about the future, which included flying cars, communicating with animals and getting all of their nutrition without eating vegetables.  They asked Mike what his predictions for the future were, and when he told them his predictions, they thought he was crazy.  He predicted rockets traveling into outer space and that people would one day land on the moon, and someday, Mars. He predicted personal portable phones for everyone that were small enough to fit in a pocket and would also contain computers.  He predicted cooking dinner in a matter of minutes instead of hours.  Mike predicted that in the future, humanity would be more tolerant of each other and that there would be more peace among the different races and religions, and nations of the world.  He also predicted that one day; an African American would become President of the United States, and one day, even a woman president.  Even Vicky thought that most of Mike’s predictions were crazy.
While the four of them were walking around Flushing Meadows, enjoying the sights of the World’s Fair, Mike noticed a girl who seemed frightened about something.  The girl was about the same age as Ben and Lucy.  Mike approached the girl and asked her if she was okay.  The girl told Mike that she got separated from her grandparents and she couldn’t find them.  She told Mike that they were from Chicago and had never been to New York before.  When Mike asked the girl what her name was, her answer came as quite a shock to him.  Her name was Alice Brown and when Mike asked her how old she was, she told him she would turn ten on December 16th.  Mike was awestruck when he realized that he was face to face with his grandmother when she was a child.
Mike told Alice that he would help her find her grandparents.  He saw a man selling helium balloons and that he had a magic marker that he was using to draw faces on the balloons for the children.  Mike bought four balloons. He popped three of them because he only needed one balloon, but he needed the string from the other three balloons.  The man would not sell Mike just the string.  Mike tied all of the string together.  Mike wrote ‘Alice Brown’ on the balloon in big letters on each side of the balloon with an arrow pointing down towards the Earth.  Mike released the balloon into the air, while holding tightly onto the string.  There was very little wind, and the balloon hovered above them about 20 feet high.  
Twenty minutes later, Alice’s grandparents arrived and were reunited with their granddaughter.  They thanked Mike and Vicky over and over again.  They had started to panic when they couldn’t find Alice and then they looked up and saw the balloon and headed towards it.  Mike took out his camera and began taking photos.  He took pictures of Alice posing with Ben and Lucy, Alice with her grandparents, Alice with he and Vicky and he asked Vicky to take pictures of he and Alice and of he, Alice and her grandparents.  Mike thought that it was so cool that he got the chance to meet his grandmother when she was nine and that he got the chance to meet his great-great-grandparents.  Mike wished that could also meet his grandmother’s other set of grandparents, but they had both died before 1935.
Before they left, Alice’s grandfather gave Mike his address and asked him to send them copies of the photos.  Mike didn’t really need the address, because it was the current address where his mother and grandmother were living at in 2013.  When they said their goodbyes, Alice gave Mike a big hug and kissed him on the cheek.
Ten minutes after Alice and her grandparents went on their way, Mike saw Happy Jack and he had some good news for Mike.  He had arranged for Blues Rhapsody to perform at the World’s Fair the next evening.  It was a big opportunity for the band, and could open many doors for them.
The next evening, Blue Rhapsody performed at the fair and drew large crowds.  They were asked back several more times over the next eight months of the fair.  Mike just wished that his grandmother had been able to watch them perform, to see that not all music artists were bad people.
Chapter Ten
Over the next few weeks, the friendship between Jack and Mike became closer.  Jack saw how great Mike was with Ben and Lucy and told him that he would make a great father someday.  He also gave him some great advice.  Jack told Mike that he should be very careful and not let anything drive a wedge in between him and his family.
Jack explained, using his personal experience as an example.  Jack had once been married.  He was living in Philadelphia when their baby girl was born.  When Lizzie was still a baby, Jack was given the opportunity to join a jazz band.  At first, his wife was fine with the idea and supported him, but as the band became more popular, they began traveling more often and further away from home for their gigs.  Sometimes, they were away for a week or more.  Jack’s wife began to resent him because his work was taking him away from her and Lizzie.
One day, after being on the road for three weeks, Jack returned home to find his wife and daughter gone.  None of the neighbors knew where they had gone.  Jack began searching for them, but after a year with no success, he reluctantly gave up the search.  Mike could understand how hard it would have been to search for someone back then, without personal cell phones, or the internet.  Over the next few years, Jack traveled around the country playing jazz where he could find work.  Then, he met Bill Jones and a couple others and they put together a jazz band in New York City.  
Later, Bill told Mike that the reason Jack became so good at playing the blues, was that he was living the blues.  Jack kept on hoping to see his wife and daughter again someday, and make it up to them.  In fact, he put half of his earnings in a bank account in Lizzie’s name.  He even wrote a song titled ‘Lizzie’ and it was that song that always ended any of their performances.  Jack would dedicate that song to “his special girl; Lizzie.”
Mike spent as much time with Vicky as he could when not playing music or renovating the old theater.  He loved her more than he had ever loved a woman before. She loved him just as much.  That’s why Mike knew that she would understand when he told her that he wanted to spend some personal time with Jack to help him get out of his self-induced depression.  Mike had often heard Jack talk about how much he loved fishing as a child.  Mike asked Jack if they could go fishing sometime so that he could learn the art of angling.  Jack was very eager to teach Mike everything he knew on the subject.
During their many fishing trips, Mike learned a great deal about Jack.  He saw another side to the man.  Mike saw a warm, kind, compassionate man who missed his family a great deal, especially his daughter.  At different times, Mike thought of Jack in different ways, sometimes as a friend, sometimes as an older brother and sometimes as a father figure, even though Jack was only fourteen years older than Mike.
Besides Jack, Mike was closer to Bill Jones who was two years younger that Mike, than the other guys in the band.  One night, something happened that brought them even closer.  It was on a Saturday night.  It was after midnight, and Mike had stayed at the club where they had performed that evening, to help the owner clean up.  As he and Vicky left the club, it was very dark.  The streets were very dimly lit by the street lights.  About a hundred yards ahead of them, there was a lot of commotion.  As Mike and Vicky got closer, they saw that three guys were trying to rob Bill.  One of the guys had a gun and was pointing it at Bill.
Mike’s years of self-defense training kicked in and he ran towards the three thugs, full speed yelling like a mad man to distract them.  When he got close enough, the first thing he did was to kick the gun out of one guy’s hand,  Then, after a few more kicks and jabs, the thugs got smart and ran away.
As Vicky and Mike helped Bill to his feet, he thanked Mike and asked him where he had learned to fight like that.  Mike couldn’t tell them that he had been taking karate lessons since he was five years old, because karate wasn’t too widely known in the 1930’s.  Instead, he told them that his father had taught him to fight when he was younger.
“Well, I’m sure glad you showed up when you did,” said Bill.  “Otherwise, I would be dead.  That guy was just about to shoot me.”  Mike downplayed the incident and changed the subject.

Chapter Eleven
Throughout May of 1939, Mike attended several baseball games at Yankee Stadium.  Sometimes he attended with Jack and Bill, and sometimes he and Vicky took Ben and Lucy.  Mike could not get over the fact that he was actually watching Joe DiMaggio and Lou Gehrig play.  They were two of the greatest Yankees to ever play the game.  Mike would be even luckier in later months, to see Joe DiMaggio’s famous catch and hear Lou Gehrig give his farewell speech.  Mike was also one of the first visitors to the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York when it opened in June of 1939.
It was also in May, when Mike was picking up his monthly supply of comic books, when he saw the first issue of Batman comics hit the stands.  By this time, Mike had transferred all of his historical collectables to the secret storage room in the basement of the old theater.  He had even picked up several copies of the World’s Fair comic books that were sold there.  Mike visited the World’s Fair often and was trying to amass a collection of every souvenir that he could.  By the time the fair ended, he ended up with a collection of several hundred souvenirs. 
In early June, Blues Rhapsody was performing in Washington, D.C., and Mike and Vicky had the opportunity to tour the capitol city.  It was also there, when Mike had the most important moment of his 1930’s life.  One morning, Mike and Vicky were walking around the city and they had stopped at a corner, waiting for the light to turn green so that they could cross the street. There were a lot of people waiting with them.  As the light turned green, a gentleman in a suit began to step into the street.  Suddenly, an automobile turned the corner at a high rate of speed.  Mike acted without thinking; he grabbed the man’s arm and quickly pulled him back onto the sidewalk, just as the car sped by, only missing the man by inches.  He would have been hit and possibly killed if Mike hadn’t moved so quickly.
He gentleman realized what had happened and he turned to thank Mike.  That’s when Mike recognized him from the front page of that morning’s newspaper.   “Are you okay, Your Majesty?” asked Mike, as he bowed to the king.  He had read about the king and queen of Great Britain were visiting the United States for the very first time.  One of the king’s security force tried to push Mike away, but the king insisted on talking to Mike for a few minutes.  When an official car pulled up, the king and queen invited Mike and Vicky to join them and offered to give them a ride.  Mike asked if they could be dropped off at their hotel, as they were staying in the capitol while Mike’s band performed at a local nightclub.  
The king thanked Mike for saving his life and asked if there was anything he could do to repay him.  Mike told the king that his band would be honored if he and the queen would be his guests at the club when Blues Rhapsody rehearsed that afternoon, sort of like a private performance.  The king asked if he could bring a few other guests as well and Mike quickly agreed.  When the car stopped in front of the hotel where the band was staying, Mike gave the king the name and address of the nightclub and what time to be there.  The king shook Mike’s hand and thanked him again for saving his life.
Later that afternoon, as the band was setting up their equipment in the nightclub, Mike told the others that he had invited some special guests for a private concert and that they would be there in thirty minutes.  Some of the band members were upset, until Mike told them that the guests were the king and queen of Great Britain.
About fifteen minutes later, several men in dark suits arrived at the club and stood by all of the club’s exits.  Mike figured that they were the king’s security force, until he heard one of them speak.  They had no British accents.  Mike asked one of the men who they were.  Mike was informed that they were United States Secret Service and that they were there to protect the king and queen as well as their guests.
Fifteen minutes later, the king and queen arrived. Even Mike was surprised to see who their guests were; the Vice President of the United States and his wife.  Mike quickly introduced himself and Vicky and then he introduced the rest of the band.  Mike and Vicky seated their guests at tables near the stage and served them iced tea and some scones that Mike had purchased earlier. Mike had brought his movie camera, and Vicky discreetly filmed the performance.
During one of the slower jazz tunes, the vice president asked his wife to join him on the dance floor, and soon, the king and queen got up to join them.  Vicky secretly filmed the four of them on the dance floor.
At the end of the mini-concert, the king and queen, he vice president and his wife and the rest of those in attendance applauded the band’s performance.  Before they left, the king again asked Mike if there was anything else he could do for him.  Mike thought for a moment and told him that his grandmother would love to have an autographed photo of the king and queen as well as one of the vice president and his wife.  The king and the vice president both promised to send one to Mike in New York City as soon as they could. The vice president said that he would see what he could do to obtain a photo of the president and first lady and others in Washington as well.
Mike shook hands with the vice president and his wife.  When he extended his hand towards the king, it was quickly brushed aside, as the king wrapped his arms around Mike and gave him a warm hug.  The queen did likewise.  It was definitely a day that Mike would never forget.
Mike had been interested in politics since he was a small boy and he had memorized facts about the U.S. presidents.  Mike decided to take a few weeks off to travel around the nation to see how many presidents he could meet before they became president.  He visited Harvard and Yale Universities, Texas, Georgia, plus several other places as well.  Every time he met a president, he asked someone to take a picture of the two of them standing together.  He was even able to meet President Franklin Roosevelt with the help of Vice President Garner, who he had already met in New York.
Chapter Twelve
On July 4th, 1939, Mike and Vicky were at Yankee Stadium.  It was the day when Lou Gehrig gave his famous retirement speech, thanking his fans for their kindness over the seventeen years of his baseball career.  He told his fans that he considered himself ‘the luckiest man on the face of the Earth.  Mike had often heard the speech, but he couldn’t believe that he was there at the exact moment in time to hear it as it became history.  He also filmed the moment with his movie camera as well.
Later that evening, Mike joined Vicky and her parents for a late picnic as they watched the fireworks.  Mike had become close to Vicky’s parents over the several months that he had known them.  He attended church every Sunday with Vicky and her parents and ate dinner every Sunday evening with them as well.  They trusted Mike with their daughter and they saw how much he loved and respected her.  It was at the picnic when Vicky told Mike that her great uncle had invited her to California for a couple of weeks to visit and he told her that she could bring Mike as well.  She told Mike that her uncle was a movie producer and was just finishing up the filming of a new movie titled ‘The Wizard of Oz’.
“Wow,” said Mike, “that’s one of my favorite movies.”
“What are you talking about?” asked Vicky.  “The movie hasn’t been released yet.”
“I mean that it is one of my favorite books,” said Mike.  I can’t wait to see the movie.”
“So, do you want to come to Hollywood with me?” asked Vicky.  “We will get to watch the filming and get to meet the cast.”
“Are you kidding?” asked Mike.  “Of course I want to go.  I’m sure that the guys in the band can do without me for a week or two.”
Mike was correct.  Jack and Bill told him to go to California with Vicky and to have a good time.  Vicky’s uncle paid for their airline tickets and a week later, Mike and Vicky were on a plane headed to California.  By this time Vicky had explained that the producer was not really her uncle.  He was a close friend of the family and she had always considered him as her uncle since she was a small child.
When Mike and Vicky landed in Los Angeles, they were met by Vicky’s ‘uncle’ who drove them to his house where they would be staying.  That afternoon, he gave them a personal tour of Hollywood.  Mike took several photos and recorded a lot of footage with his movie camera.  The next morning, Mike and Vicky walked through some of the sets of the movie before the filming of the movie resumed.  The director introduced them to the cast and crew and Mike and Vicky had about an hour to chat with them before they began filming.  Mike felt like he was in Heaven while he was taking with Judy Garland, Billie Burke and Margaret Hamilton as well as many others.
The movie had actually finished filming in April, but the studio had reassembled the cast for photos and movie promotion.  Several of the cast posed for pictures with Mike and Vicky as well.
Later that day, the director asked Mike and Vicky if they were interested in becoming extras in another movie that he was currently filming called ‘Gone with the Wind’.  They both jumped at the offer.  The very next day, Mike and Vicky were on the set, getting fitted for costumes and having makeup applied.  They would be in the background of a party scene in a plantation mansion.  Mike was dressed as a confederate officer and Vicky was dressed as a Southern belle.  They didn’t have any lines, but they had a great time nonetheless.
When the director invited Mike and Vicky back to Hollywood in August for the premier of ‘The Wizard of Oz’ Mike offered to have his band perform at a private party the night before the premier, Victor accepted his offer and he rented out a restaurant in Hollywood for that night.
When Mike and Vicky returned to New York, they told the band about their adventure, and told them about the opportunity to perform in Hollywood.   Everybody was excited at the idea, though a couple of them weren’t too keen on the idea of flying across the country for the first time.  Mike and Vicky soon convinced them that air planes were perfectly safe.
Over the next month or so, everybody was busy with performing in the band and remodeling the club, and the time just flew by.  In mid-August, they were all on a flight to California.  Vicky wondered what was in the cardboard tube that Mike was carrying and he told her that he would explain later.  
Victor had a few cars waiting at the airport to take the band and their equipment to their hotel.  They were driven to the hotel first to get checked in and freshen up before being driven to the restaurant where the party would be held.  They would have over an hour to rehearse before people began to arrive.  Before the cast and crew arrived, Mike opened the cardboard tube and removed a few large ‘Wizard of Oz’ posters and taped them down to some tables.  When the cast and crew arrived, he explained that his grandmother was a big fan of motion pictures and he asked everyone to autograph the posters for her 85th birthday.  Throughout the evening all of the cast and crew signed the posters for Alice, including all of the munchkins, and the production crew.
As the band played jazz music, everybody was having a great time, and it was after two o’clock in the morning before the band returned to their hotel.  The next morning, the band was invited to attend the premier of ‘The Wizard of Oz’ at Grauman’s Chinese Theatre.  Although Mike had seen the movie more than twenty times in the future, seeing the premier seated among the cast and crew was a truly unbelievable experience.
When the band returned to New York City, they began to discuss when they would have the grand opening of their jazz club.  Mike and Vicky had been invited to the premier of ‘Gone with the Wind’ on December 13th,   so it was decided that they would have the grand opening on December 16th, 1939.
Chapter Thirteen
As the summer progressed, Mike and Vicky continued to grow closer.  They spent as much time together as possible.  They saw several movies on the big screen that would eventually become classics such as ‘Stagecoach’, ‘Wuthering Heights’ and ‘The Hunchback of Notre Dame’.  They went to museums, to parks, on boat rides and on took long walks together.  And of course, Vicky was at every performance featuring Blues Rhapsody.
On September 3rd, when Mike went to the diner to meet Vicky, she was very upset.  She showed Mike the headlines of the newspaper.  Great Britain had declared war on Germany, after Germany invaded Poland.  Vicky was worried that the United States would become involved in the war as well and that Mike and her friends and relatives would have to leave her to fight in the war.  Without telling her any specifics, Mike reassured that if the U.S. did get involved in the war, it wouldn’t be for quite a while.
Through September and October, Mike some major purchases.  He bought some vintage motorcycles and he stored them in the underground garage.  The secret room between his office and the garage was beginning to run out of storage space because of all of the souvenirs and collectables that Mike had purchased.  He often thought about how he would take everything back to the future when he returned.
In October, Mike and Vicky watched the World Series, as the Yankees beat the Cincinnati Reds.  In November of 1939, Mike was invited to spend Thanksgiving with Vicky and her family.  By that time, Mike was practically a member of the family.  When the day finally arrived, Mike met more of Vicky’s extended family including her grandparents and her great-grandmother.  After dinner was over, Elizabeth Whipple; Vicky’s great-grandmother asked to speak with Mike in private.  When they were alone; Mrs. Whipple, who was very blunt, came right to the point.  “Do you love my great-granddaughter?” she asked Mike
Mike told Mrs. Whipple that he loved Vicky very much.  “Do you intend to marry her?” she asked.
“I would like to,” said Mike, “someday in the future.”
Mrs. Whipple was in her late eighties, though she looked twenty years younger.  “I have something that I want to give to you,” she told Mike.  “I want you to give it to Vicky when you propose.”  She opened a small wooden box and showed Mike a beautiful gold ring with one diamond and two small rubies on either side.  “This ring has been in my family since the late 1500’s,” she said.  It has been handed down through the generations.  I would like Victoria to have it.  Whenever she talks about you, her eyes light up.  I wish you both a long and love filled life together.”
Elizabeth Whipple died peacefully in her sleep one week later, after living a full life.  Mike never mentioned their conversation to anyone.  He put the ring in the desk in his office.  Vicky was very upset at her loss, and Mike comforted her and reminded Vicky that Elizabeth lived a long and happy life and she didn’t suffer in the end.  He told Vicky that it was how he hoped he would live and die.
After Thanksgiving, Mike, Bill and Jack began interviewing potential employees for their jazz club, including waiters, waitresses, a manager, bartender and kitchen help to prepare the food.  Mike and Bill agreed that the club would serve a limited menu of appetizers, salads, sandwiches and desserts.
By the beginning of December, the club had its liquor license and had been inspected by the health department and passed with flying colors.  Everything was ready for the grand opening.
Chapter Fourteen
Vicky’s ‘Uncle’ Victor told Mike that the cast and crew of ‘The Wizard of Oz’ was so impressed with the music at their premier reception, that he decided to have another party the night before the premier of ‘Gone with the Wind’.  The party would be on December 12th in Atlanta.  He told Mike that he wanted Blues Rhapsody to perform at the party.
When Mike walked into the restaurant on the night of the party, he saw some large posters on some tables, along with several pens.  Mike had a puzzled look on his face, and Victor explained that he would ask the cast and crew to sign their names on the posters for Mike’s grandmother like before.
That night, while the band was taking a break, Mike was surprised to see Mr. Clark Gable walking towards him.  Mr. Gable shook Mike’s hand and told him that he loved the music.  Mike asked if he could have his picture taken with the actor and Mr. Gable graciously agreed.  Vicky took several snapshots of Mike and Mr. Gable.
Blues Rhapsody arrived back In New York City on the day before the grand opening of their club.  On the morning of the club’s opening, Bill and Mike hung up the sign for the club.  Mike had come up with the name of the club, naming it after a club he had frequented in New York City while he attended school there.  Once again, he didn’t feel like he was stealing the name, since the other club wouldn’t exist for several more decades.  The name of their nightclub was ‘All that Jazz’.
The club was scheduled to open at five p.m., and a line was beginning to form an hour before that.  By eight o’clock, the club was packed.  The lights were dimmed and people were out on the dance floor.  Jazz music filled the club.  There was no smoky haze in the club, because Mike had insisted on a no smoking policy.  He explained to the others that besides being a fire hazard, he thought that nonsmokers had the right to breathe clean air.  Signs were posted near all of the entrances as well as in the club itself.  No one complained.  The smokers went outside to smoke between songs.
Halfway through the evening, a young man approached Mike and asked if the band could play the song “I’ve Got You Under My Skin” for him and his girl, because he wanted to propose.  His name was Sam Porter and his girl’s name was Sadie Johnson.  Mike loved the idea, and he talked it over with the band and they agreed to play the song.  Mike agreed to sing it, since it was one of his favorite songs, and he was feeling romantic. 
Mike told the audience that the band would play a special request and asked Sam and Sadie to join him on stage.  When the young couple was center stage, the band began playing and Mike began singing to the young lady.  When the song ended, Mike and the band received a thunderous applause.  Mike held up his hand to quiet them down and then said asked Sam if there was anything he wanted to say.  Right on cue, Sam got down on one knee and pulled a small box out of his pocket and proposed to Sadie.  She immediately accepted through tears of happiness.  Mike congratulated the future bride with a hug, and then as he hugged Sam, he slipped something into the pocket of his suit coat.  Mike saw that Vicky had recorded the entire event with his movie camera.  The crowd loved it and there were several misty eyes in the room, including Mike’s.
At two thirty in the morning, after the last guest left, Mike, Bill, Jack and the other band members all looked at each other and smiled.  “We did it,” said Mike.  “The club is a big hit.”
The next afternoon, when Mike was eating at the diner, waiting for Vicky to get off work, he noticed a boy about six years old looking through the window, watching Mike eat.  Mike could tell that he was very hungry.  He asked Vicky to make him a sandwich to go.  When Mike and Vicky left the diner, Mike gave the sandwich to the boy.  The boy ripped off the wrapper and began to devour the sandwich.
Over the next few days, Mike learned that there were a lot of hungry children in the neighborhoods surrounding the club.  He also learned that often times, they didn’t get any presents at Christmas.  Mike talked it over with the band and they decided to hold a big Christmas party at the club on the Saturday afternoon before Christmas.  Mike visited several diners, bakeries and stores in the area and explained about the party and asked for donations.  With the poor economy, not many of the businesses were doing that great, but they all agreed to donate something for the children.
By Friday, December 22nd, donations were pouring into the club.  A couple of pizzerias donated several pizzas.  Cookies, cakes and pastries arrived by the dozens.  Store owners brought gallons of milk, root beer, and ice cream.  Toy stores donated small toys and games.  The band members and several other volunteers wrapped the presents and marked them either ‘for a girl’ or ‘for a boy’.  Mike spent quite a bit of his own money in buying gifts for the children as well.
Word about the party spread quickly throughout the neighborhoods and at eleven o’clock on Saturday morning, the children began arriving.  The band played Christmas songs as the children sang along.  As the children ate, laughter filled the club.  When it was finally time for the festivities to end, each child was given a present as they left the party.  Several of them wished the volunteers a Merry Christmas and hugged them.  Several of the children had tears in their eyes as they left.
As Mike was helping to clean up after the party, he had a very warm feeling inside that he had never felt before and he knew that no matter what job he might have in the future, he would always find a way to help the children of the community.
As Mike and Vicky rang in the new year; 1940, Mike began to wonder how long he would be living in the past.  He was very conflicted.  He missed his mother and his grandmother and his old life, but he also loved Vicky and his music career and his new life.  He pushed the thoughts out of his mind as he kissed Vicky when it turned midnight.
The jazz club was doing great.  Big name jazz bands began playing at the club on weekends, while Blues Rhapsody played during the week, and the band began taking weekends off to spend time with their families.  Mike, Bill and Jack took turns managing the club on weekends.  By that time, they were the sole owners of the club, as the other members of the band didn’t want the hassle of running a business.
One night, as the club was closing, and the last guests were leaving, Mike noticed that one guest was stumbling around.  Mike could see that he was in no condition to drive home.  Mike was able to get the guy’s car keys from and him so that he wouldn’t try to drive home.  Mike took the guy back to his apartment and made let him sleep on his couch.  The next morning, after having a lot of coffee and some aspirin for his headache, the guy thanked Mike for not letting him drive home.  He realized that he would probably not have made it home alive.  He told Mike that his name was Paul and that he was an artist. Later that morning, Mike drove Paul back to the club to pick up his car.  Paul thanked Mike again for saving his life, and even though Mike said it wasn’t necessary, he told Mike that he would think of a way to repay him.  
About a week later, a large package was dropped off at the club addressed to Mike.  When he opened it, it contained a dozen paintings on canvas, as well as a couple dozen drawings.  There was a note enclosed thanking Mike again for saving his life.  The letter was from Paul, the guy who Mike wouldn’t let drive when he was intoxicated.  He told Mike that he wanted to repay him for his kindness by giving some of his earliest paintings and drawings.  He also told Mike in the letter, that he was getting help for his drinking.  Mike left the paintings in the crate, and took them down to his secret room and planned to look at them closer when he had more time.
Chapter Fifteen
In mid-January, Vicky’s ‘Uncle’ Victor sent her two tickets to the 1940 Academy Awards, which would be held in February.  Of course, Mike and Vicky were excited about going. They flew to LA and Victor lent them the use of one of his cars to use for the week.  By that time, Mike had learned to drive a stick shift, and he even had a driver’s license.
On the evening of the event, Mike and Vicky were driving to the awards ceremony when fate put them in the right place at the right time.  They were driving down a road that was deserted, when they came upon a car that was pulled off to the side of the road.  Mike pulled up behind it and got out of the car to see if they needed help.  When Mike saw the driver, he recognized him right away.  It was Mr. Clark Gable.  Mr. Gable introduced Mike to his wife who was sitting in the car.  Mike had heard of Carole Lombard, but had never seen a photo of her.  Mr. Gable explained that their car broke down on the way to the awards ceremony.
“Why didn’t you call a tow truck?” asked Mike
Mr. Gable gave Mike a puzzled look and asked, “Do you see a phone booth anywhere?” 
“Don’t you have a car phone?” asked Mike, but even as he said it, he realized that car phones and portable phones wouldn’t be invented for quite a while yet.  He quickly changed the subject by offering Mr. Gable and Miss Lombard a ride to the ceremony.  Mike noticed that Mr. Gable’s pants were covered with grease and mud and since Mike was about the same size as Mr. Gable, he offered to exchange trousers with him.  They went behind some trees and switched pants.
Mr. Gable offered to pay Mike for the ride, but Mike offered a counterproposal.  He asked Mr. Gable if he could send him autographed photos of himself and his wife, for his grandmother who was a very big fan of motion pictures and she was a huge fan of his.  Mike explained that it would be for her 85th birthday.  Mr. Gable agreed and Mike wrote down his grandmother’s name and the address of ‘All that Jazz’ in New York City where Mike worked.
When they arrived at the awards ceremony, Mr. Gable and his wife insisted that Mike and Vicky walk the red carpet with them.  The night was spectacular.  Mike recognized several movie stars, including Humphrey Bogart, Bette Davis, Henry Fonda and John Wayne, just to name a few.  Even the ones he didn’t recognize, he knew who they were when he head their names mentioned.  He almost addressed the actor Ronald Reagan as ‘Mr. President’ but caught himself in time.
The awards ceremony was great, with ‘Gone with the Wind’ taking the top awards, but the parties afterwards were even better.  Mike and Vicky were the personal guests of Mr. Gable and they were able to mingle with the greatest entertainers in the world, including actors, actresses and musical artists.  Mike had his picture taken with several celebrities and he was surprised how friendly and gracious they were compared to a lot of the celebrities in the twenty-first century.
Mike had the chance to talk with Ronald Reagan and as they were chatting, a lawyer from California, who had been invited to the party walked up to them.  Mike thought he looked familiar and when he introduced himself as Dick Nixon, Mike suddenly realized that he was shaking hands with Richard M. Nixon, who was just a lawyer in 1940, but would one day be the 37th president of the United States.  Mike asked Vicky to take a photo of the three of them, with Mike standing between two future presidents.  Unfortunately, Mike couldn’t tell Vicky why it was such a big deal for him.
About a week after they had returned to New York, Mike began to receive a lot of mail at the club.  He soon discovered that Mr. Gable and Miss Lombard had told several of their fellow actors and actresses about how kind Mike and Vicky had been to them, when they were stranded and that all Mike asked in return was an autographed photo for his grandmother.  By the end of May, Mike had received hundreds of autographed photos wishing his grandmother a happy 85th birthday.  Not only were there photos from actors and actresses, but from producers, directors, singers, professional athletes, politicians and other celebrities as well.  Mike kept all of the photos in their original envelopes and stored hem in several boxes in his secret room.
Chapter Sixteen
As winter turned into spring, Mike and Vicky attended several movie premiers, including Pinocchio, and they dated as often as possible.  Mike was head over heels in love with Vicky.  He was seriously thinking of proposing to her and he was thinking of staying in past forever.  But before he could propose, he had a very strange dream.  In the dream, a man, whose face was hidden told Mike that he couldn’t marry Vicky.  The man told Mike that it was time for him to return to his own time.  He explained to Mike that his wish was to experience he jazz era of the 1930’s, and it had been granted.  The man also told Mike that he could only return home with the clothes he wore to the 1930’s and his saxophone and nothing else.    When Mike tried to protest, the man told him that he had no choice in the matter.  He told Mike that on June 9th, 1940, he must be on a certain train bound for Chicago.  He told Mike that he had two months left in the past, and that he must tell no one where or when he was going to.
When Mike woke up, he remembered his dream very clearly.  He became very sad, knowing that in two months, he must leave Vicky forever.  His music began to reflect his feelings.  Jack and Bill told Mike that he was truly playing the Blues.  He was playing with feeling and all of his sadness that he felt came out of his saxophone and out of the piano as he played.
Mike tried not to think about leaving, instead, he spent as much time with Vicky and the band as he could.  Mike also began to think about the future of the club and the band after he left.  He wanted them to succeed and be around for a long time.  He began to think of a way to earn more money to ensure the club’s success long after he was gone.
Chapter Seventeen
It was in Late April when the answer came to Mike.  He was reading the newspaper, when he saw an article about the upcoming Kentucky Derby.  It would be held on May 4th, 1940 at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky.  As Mike read the article, he was shocked.  He knew a lot about that race, because he had heard his grandmother talk about it often.  Her grandfather had gone to the race and planned to bet ten dollars on a horse named ‘Picture’.  Mike’s grandmother was only ten at the time, but she loved horses and when she saw the names of the horses that would race, she fell in love with a horse named ‘Sir Galahad’.  Alice told her grandfather to bet on that horse, but her grandfather told her that he was a longshot at 20 to 1, and it would be like throwing away ten dollars.
Well, it turned out that Alice was better at picking horses than her grandfather.  He bet on ‘Picture’, but not just ten dollars.  He was so sure it would win, that he bet one hundred dollars.  ‘Picture came in last, and ‘Sir Galahad’ came in 1st.  Alice never let her grandfather forget that he could have won two thousand dollars, a small fortune in those days.
Mike carefully began planning his mini-adventure.  He went to several different banks and changed his hundred dollar bills into twenty’s.  He didn’t want to arouse too much suspicion.  Then, he bought a bus ticket to Louisville, leaving New York City on May 3rd.    
Mike arrived in Louisville early on May 4th, and took a cab to Churchill Downs, where the race would be held.  As soon as the betting windows opened, Mike began making twenty dollar bets at each window then he made the rounds again and again until he had bet all of his one thousand dollar investment.  He learned that his grandmother’s memory wasn’t as keen as she thought.  There was no horse named ‘Picture’ in the race, but there was one named ‘Pictor’.  And there was no horse named ‘Sir Galahad’ but there was one named ‘Gallahadion’, and the odds on him were 35 to 1, not 20 to 1.  
With all fifty betting slips in his pockets, Mike went to watch the race.  Even though he knew what the outcome of the race would be, he was still very excited.  He could barely contain himself, as the horses were lining up.  Mike found himself cheering for ‘Gallahadion’.  When the horse crossed the finish line, and was declared the winner, Mike went nuts.  He quickly went to a betting window to collect the winnings on the first ticket.  He learned that each betting slip was worth seven hundred and twenty four dollars.  After he had collected his winnings from ten betting slips at different windows, he was asked to go with someone to an inner office.  When he got there, Mike was told that it was very suspicious that he had won over seven thousand dollars at the race.
Mike became a little nervous.  He hadn’t counted on all the attention he was getting.  But growing up in Chicago and living several years in New York, he had learned a lot about the history of both cities.  He suddenly knew what to do.  He took the remaining betting slips out of his pockets and placed the on the counter.  He told the officials that if he didn’t return with all of his winnings, which were from legally wagered bets that his bosses would be very angry.  Mike threw around the names of the notorious mobsters of the 1930’s and 1940’s.  He convinced the men that he was involved with men in the crime syndicate.  
The men went into another room and discussed the situation and when they returned, they agreed to pay Mike the rest of his winnings.  They even gave him a nice leather satchel to put the money in.  They didn’t want any trouble with the Mob.
Chapter Eighteen
On the bus ride back to New York City, Mike realized that he had over Thirty six thousand five hundred dollars.  He decided that he would leave ten thousand dollars to be invested in the club to keep it running for many years to come.  He decided to invest another ten thousand dollars in stocks that he knew would be valuable in the future, and he had an idea what to do with the rest of the money.
When Mike got off of the bus in New York City, he took a taxi to a car dealership, but just any dealership.  He went to one that specialized in high priced vehicles. Mike learned that they had a 1937 Mercedes Bens Roadster that had been shipped from Europe for a customer.  When the customer changed his mind, the car was purchased by a dealership.  They had not been able to sell it and had been sitting on the lot for three years, but it was in brand new condition.  The original asking price was $7,500, but Mike talked them down to $6,000 and paid for it in cash.  After the deal was closed, Mike drove the car to the club.  It was still early, and nobody was there yet.  Mike quietly parked the car in the underground garage, where he was already keeping five motorcycles.  
After he locked the garage, Mike made a few phone calls and within a few hours, some men came to build a brick wall in front of the garage to seal it up.  He explained to Jack, Bill and Vicky that he didn’t use the garage any way, and he wanted to put in a vegetable garden behind the club.  The next day, when the cement on the brick wall had hardened, some men brought a few dump trucks full of top soil and poured it onto the ramp leading down to the garage.  After the dirt was smoothed out, you could never tell that there had been a garage there at all.  Mike sealed the inside walls and crevices of the garage to keep water out and to protect the vehicles from the elements.
Over the next several days, Mike invested in several stocks, such as Fisher-Price, Samsung, Bridgestone, Canon, Playtex and Texas Instruments.  Then, he placed all of the stocks in one of his desk drawers.  Then, he moved the desk from his office into the secret room between the office and the garage.  Over the next few days, Mike organized everything in the storeroom.  He placed all of his latest purchases and most of his personal belongings, china, cookware, dishes and clothes in the room as well.  Then, one night, after the club had closed and everybody else had left, Mike nailed the fake wall in place.  He had waterproofed the hidden room as well as he could with materials from 1940.
Chapter Nineteen
Over the next few weeks, Jack and Bill noticed that Mike’s music was showing more feeling than ever before.  They asked him what his secret was, but Mike couldn’t tell them the truth, which was that as June 9th grew closer, the more depressed he became.  He knew that he had to return to his own time period, but he didn’t want to leave Vicky.  He knew that he couldn’t take her back with him, and he couldn’t stay in the past.  Either of those scenarios could seriously alter the future.
On June 5th, Mike took Bill out to a quiet restaurant so that they could talk.  Mike told Bill that he had to leave town and that he would probably be gone for a long time.  He told Bill that he couldn’t explain, because it was too complicated.  He told Bill that he considered him his best friend and he wanted him to keep an eye on Vicky for him and keep her safe.  After much discussion and arguing, Bill finally agreed.  
Early the next morning, Mike met with Jack.  He told him that he had to leave town.  He apologized for leaving the band shorthanded, but it was something that he had to do.  He told him that while he was gone, he wanted him and Bill to run the club and invest his profits in a savings account in his name. He made Jack promise not to sell the club and he handed him an envelope containing ten thousand dollars.  He told him and Bill to invest the money wisely, and if the club came upon hard times, to use the investments to keep the club running.  He told Jack that he would keep the title to the building and property in a safe place. He told Jack that he had been like a father to him and that he would always love him and look up to him.  Then, before Mike left the club, he told Jack that he hoped he would find his daughter one day, so that she could know what a wonderful father he was.  Jack gave Mike a hug and told him that he considered Mike his son, and he wished him all the happiness in the world.
That evening, Mike was dreading going to see Vicky, because he had to tell her goodbye forever.  He had no idea what he would say to her.  He met her at the diner as her shift was ending and they went for a walk to a nearby park.  They sat on a bench in an isolated part of the park.  Mike told Vicky that it was time for him to move on, and he no longer felt the same away about her anymore.  Mike felt that it would be easier for her to let him go, if she hated him. But Vicky surprised him.
“Look me in the eyes and tell me that you don’t love me anymore,” she said.  
Mike couldn’t do it, so he tried another excuse.  “The truth is that with the U.S. getting involved in the war,” he said.  “I’m afraid that I will have to go fight and will never come home again.  I don’t want to put you through that, so I am going to leave town before I get drafted.”
By this time, Vicky was getting angry.  She looked at Mike and asked, “Why can’t you just tell me the truth?”
“Because you would never believe me,” said Mike
“I will believe you if I see the truth in your eyes,” said Vicky.
Mike made Vicky promise that she would never tell anyone what he was about to tell her.  After she promised, Mike took a deep breath and began to tell her the truth.  “Vicky,” he said, “I am from the future.  I don’t know how I got here, but I think it happened so that I could live my dream of being part of the early age of jazz.  I won’t even be born for fifty years or so.  If I don’t go back to my own time tomorrow, history may change with disastrous results.”
Vick believed that Mike believed what he was telling her, but she had a hard time believing that he was from the future.  She began asking him to tell her things about the future.  Mike refused, saying that it could be very dangerous for her to know information about the future.  
Mike and Vicky talked for several hours.  Mike told her that it would be very hard for him to live without her, because he loved her more than anybody he had ever known.  He told her that the heartache of losing her would break his heart, and if the time gods were merciful, they would erase his memory when he returned to his own time. 
Mike told Vicky that he had made arrangements with Bill and Jack to keep the club running for a long time.  He told her about the money that he gave Jack and then he handed her an envelope filled with another ten thousand dollars.  He told her that it was for her future, to make sure she was taken care of and that she should follow her dreams and see where they would take her.  Mike and Vicky kissed before they parted and he told her that he would see her at the club the next morning.
The next morning, Jack, Bill, Vicky and Mike met at the club.  The attorney that handled legal business for the club was also there.  Roger Fitzgerald was also the lawyer who took care of legal business for AG Electronics.  The lawyer had drafted up a document for all of them to sign.  The document stated that Mike was the owner of the building that the jazz club known as ‘All That Jazz’ occupied as well as the property that it sat on.  It further stated that if Mike or his descendants did not come forward to claim ownership before December 16th, 2014, then the building would become the property of Bill, Vicky and Jack and their descendants.  The document also stated that the basement and underground garage were not part of the club and would remain property of Mike unless he failed to return by December 16th, 2014.  The document further stated that the basement office would remain locked and that Vicky would hold onto the key for him.  It also stipulated that no structural modifications be made to the club except for safety reasons.  
After everybody present signed the documents, each of them was given a copy of the documents.  Mike later slid his copy under the door of his secret room.  He then locked the door to his office and gave the key to Vicky.  Mike figured that when he returned to his own time, he would find the club and retrieve everything from the secret room and he would be a very wealthy man.
Mike had just over one thousand dollars left and he wanted to put it to good use.  Mike remembered that Vicky had told him that the church they attended needed a new roof.  Mike suddenly remembered that in 2012, that very same church was famous for having the same roof for over seventy years.  Mike went to see the pastor of the church and told him that he wanted to make a large donation to the church but there were certain conditions.  He told Pastor Jim Maxwell that the entire amount was to be used to replace the roof on the church.  Mike told him to get the best roof that the money could buy, and that he pray for the roof every single week when he said his other prayers.  Pastor Jim was fresh out of the seminary and he had been praying for a miracle for the leaky roof, since the church had no money to replace it.  He promised Mike that he would follow his wishes.
Chapter Twenty
On June 8th, Mike gave Vicky a very large envelope containing several smaller sealed envelopes.  On the front of each envelope, was a year, such 1965, 1986, 2000, etc...  Mike explained to Vicky that he wanted Vicky to be the only person to ever see the contents of each envelope, and that she was not to open the envelopes until January 1st of the year written on each envelope. Vicky promised to follow Mike’s wishes.  Mike told her that in each envelope, there was stock tips that would help keep the club running for years, as well as health tips and small hints about new fads, etc.…  It would also ensure that Vicky would never have to worry about money.  
On June 9th, Jack, Bill and Vicky went to Penn Station with Mike to see him off.  Only Vicky knew the truth that he would never return.  Jack and Bill thought he was just taking a long trip.  When Vicky asked Mike what year in the future he was returning to, Mike told her the year 2014, because he didn’t want her waiting for him at the train station in 2012 when he returned.
When Mike hugged Jack, he told him to watch over Bill and Vicky until he returned.  Mike hugged Bill and reminded him to watch out for Vicky.  Finally, it was time for Mike to say goodbye to Vicky.  They hugged and kissed until the train was ready to pull out of the station.  Mike told Vicky not to give up on her dreams, and to have a great life.  He also told her that he never loved anyone as much as he loved her.  Then, Mike boarded the train and took his seat.  As he looked out the window, he saw Vicky crying, and he watched Jack and Bill try to comfort.  As the train pulled out of the station, Mike began to cry like a baby.  He had never felt so miserable in his entire life.  
Mike cried for a long time.  He had not slept in over twenty-four hours and he began to feel drowsy.  He closed his eyes, thinking of Vicky.  He soon dozed off and fell into a deep slumber.
Chapter Twenty-One
When Mike woke up, he saw the train conductor and asked him how much further it was to Chicago.  The conductor looked confused and told him that the train was headed to New York and would be pulling in to the station in forty-five minutes.  Then he asked Mike if he had gotten on the wrong train.
“What is the date?” asked Mike frantically
“June 9th” said the conductor.
“What year?” asked Mike.
“2012” said the conductor.  “Are you okay?  Did you hit your head or something?”
Over the next several moments, Mike tried to focus his thoughts.  He was in the same seat he had been in before he leaped into the year 1938.  He felt for his wallet, and it was there.  He quickly went to the luggage compartment and found all of his instruments, plus his suitcase full of his clothes.  When he checked inside his suit coat, he couldn’t find any secret pockets.  Mike was very confused.  He released that he had either dreamed the entire thing, or that God or someone had given him the memories of living for two years in the Jazz Era, so that it would be easier to land a gig in New York City.  If that was the case, why did he have to have the memory of leaving a woman that he loved?
For the rest of the ride, Mike tried to put Vicky out of his mind, and focus on his plans for New York.  As with most dreams, his memories began to fade.  By the time the train pulled into Penn station, the only thing left from his dream was a very sad feeling in his heart, which he couldn’t explain.
Even though Mike could no longer remember his dream anymore, he felt different.  He no longer felt like a kid, but like a grownup.  When the train stopped, Mike gathered his suitcase and his instruments and headed into the train station. He knew that there was a bulletin board that advertised apartments for rent in the city.  Mike selected a few of them that were in the area of town where he hoped to land a jazz gig.  The first one he called about was no longer available and the second one was too expensive.  The third one was a little pricey, but with his savings and the money that his family had given him, he could afford it until he found a job.
Mike hailed a cab and he headed to the apartment.  The apartment was very small. It had a bathroom and a kitchen and a third room that served as a living room, dining room and a bedroom when a bed was pulled out from the wall.  It wasn’t much, but it would do for the time being.  After Mike signed the lease, he dropped his belongings off in the apartment and went out to find a newspaper, to look for a job.  He already had the phone number for the band that he wanted to audition for, but it was only a part time job and wouldn’t pay him enough to live in New York City.
Before Mike went out to look for a job, he changed out of his antique suit and changed into some more modern clothes.  He wanted to save the suit for his band audition.  While Mike walked around the city with the classified section of the newspaper, he also kept an eye out for help wanted signs.  After picking up several job applications, he started to head back to his apartment when he noticed a music store that was looking for a sales associate, who could also give music lessons to beginning students.  
Mike liked the name of the store; ‘Musicality’ and he walked in to inquire about the job.  The manager was available and gave Mike an interview on the spot.  When he learned that Mike had a Master’s degree from Julliard, and could play five different instruments, he offered Mike the job.  Before Mike accepted the job, he told the manager that the job would only be temporary until he found a teaching job at a middle school or a high school.  The manager admired Mike’s honesty and integrity and welcomed him to the staff.  He asked Mike when he could start and Mike told him that he could start first thing Monday morning.
Since it was Saturday, Mike decided to check out a few jazz clubs that evening.  He had a nice relaxing evening and it was after one o’clock in the morning when he returned to his apartment.  
Mike woke up early the next morning.  He had not slept very well.  He tossed and turned and kept seeing a woman’s face in his dreams.  He didn’t recognize the face, but he knew that he loved her.  He also somehow knew that he would never see her again.  Mike needed some guidance and decided to pray about it.  After looking through the phone directory in his apartment, he located a Lutheran church within walking distance from his apartment.  
Mike showered and changed into his church clothes and walked to the church.  It was a very nice service and when it was over, Mike felt that it was the right church for him.  Mike walked up to Pastor Brian and asked if he could talk to him.  Pastor Brian was an older man and had been at the church for over twenty years.  He invited Mike into his office and asked him what was on his mind.  Mike didn’t know how to explain what he was feeling.  He told Pastor Brian that he felt lost, like something was missing from his life, but he didn’t know what it was.
Pastor Brian asked Mike if he had a special woman in his life. Mike told the pastor that there was no one special, but that he had dreamed about a woman the night before and he had strong feelings for her, but he had never met her before.
After talking for over an hour, Mike had told Pastor Brian a lot about his mother and grandmother in Chicago, about the argument he had with his grandmother, about his plans to teach music to kids and also play in a jazz band.
Pastor Brian told Mike that he needed to take each day as it came, and stop worrying about what may or may not happen in the future.  He also suggested that Mike pray for peace and for guidance.
Chapter Twenty-Two
On Monday morning, Mike went to his first day of work at Musicality.  It was very busy and by lunchtime, the manager told Mike that he was very impressed with knowledge and his salesmanship.  He told Mike that he seemed to have a natural rapport with children, which he didn’t see too often in his employees.
After lunch, Mike called the public school administrative office to request an application for employment.  He had done some research on his smart phone and saw that there were three openings for music teachers in the city.  Two of the positions were at high schools and the third one was at a middle school.  Mike didn’t know if he would rather teach pre-teens or high school students.  However, the decision was much easier to make after he gave his first music lesson that afternoon.  An eleven year old boy arrived at two o’clock to get his first lesson the saxophone.  Mike began the lesson by getting to know the boy.  “Tell me Garrett,” said Mike, “why did you choose the saxophone?”
“Call me Gary,” said the boy.  “My grandfather is Garrett.  I was named after him.  He goes by Garrett and I go by Gary.  I have been interested in jazz music since I was three or four.  I picked the saxophone because it looks cool and I see how girls look at me when I hold it.”
“Well, hopefully you are more interested in the saxophone because of the music and not just to attract girls, although it is definitely a benefit,” said Mike.  Mike asked Gary to play something on his saxophone.  After a minute or two of playing, Mike told Gary that he was too tense, “Loosen up,” he said.  “Don’t play to impress me.  Play what you feel.  Gary tried again and even though it was still pretty bad, it began to flow and he was having more fun playing it.
After that, Mike began to teach Gary the basics of the saxophone, including identifying all of the parts, how to take it apart and how to clean it.  At the end of the lesson, Mike assigned a simple tune for Gary to learn for his next lesson.  When Gary left the store, he was smiling because he was proud of his minor accomplishment.
Over the next few days, Mike worked with three other middle school students.  He had such a good rapport with them, that he decided to teach music to middle school students and he was positive that he had chosen the correct career path.
On Friday evening, after Mike got off work, and went back to his apartment, he changed into his great-great-grandfather’s suit and hat and went to the ‘All that Jazz’ club to audition for the position in the band.  The band was called ‘Blues Rhapsody’.  Mike had seen and heard them several times while attending Julliard.  When he arrived, he met with Mickey, the manager of the club and one of the band members.  Mickey listened to Mike play and was very impressed by his suit and by his music.  After Mike played a few jazz tunes, on his saxophone, Mickey asked him if he could play any other instruments.  Mike told him that he could also play the piano, the trombone, the clarinet, the flute and the trumpet.  Mickey told Mike that he was definitely one of the finalists for the position in the band, and he should hear from the band within a week.
One week later, Mike received a phone from Mickey, but not with the news he was hoping for.  The band had decided to go with someone else.  The truth was that Mickey wanted to hire Mike, but his wife and son pressured him to hire one of his son’s friends from school.
Mike applied for the position of music teacher at Jefferson Middle School and was hired a week after he was interviewed.  He was told to report in August to begin teaching when the school year began.  In the meantime, Mike continued working at Musicality and he continued to give music lessons.  He also found a jazz club that agreed to hire him as an opening act before the main attraction, on Friday and Saturday evenings.  Mike was given free rein to select his own music and which instrument he wanted to play.  Mike always wore his antique suit and hat and that became his gimmick.  He received as much applause as the main event, sometimes even more.
It was near the end of June when Mike first saw her.  He was performing at the club, when he noticed a group of women sitting at a table in front of the stage.  He was mesmerized by one of the women.  There was something familiar about her.  When Mike finished playing, he went over to the table and asked the ladies if he could join them. They made room for him and told him how much they loved his music.  They introduced themselves to Mike.  
Mike looked at the one said her name was Angela Smith. “You look familiar,” he said.  “Have we met before?”
“I spent a year at Julliard,” said Angela.  “You were a couple years ahead of me in school.”
“That’s it,” said Mike.  “Now I remember.  You wanted to teach high school music.  Any luck?”
“Actually,” said Angela, “I start teaching this fall at Kennedy High School.  What about you?”
“I just got hired to teach at Jefferson Middle School,” said Mike.
After Angela’s friends left, she and Mike remained and talked until the club closed at one o’clock in the morning.  Angela said that she had to get home, because she had to go to church at eight in the morning.  When Mike asked which church, she told him that it was St. Mark’s Lutheran Church, the same one that Mike had attended when he first arrived in New York City.  Angela invited Mike to go to church with her that morning and Mike quickly accepted her offer.
Angela waited in front of the church for Mike that morning and they walked in together.  They were greeted by Pastor Brian and as they walked to their seats, Mike glanced back at the Pastor and he saw him nodding in approval when he saw Mike and Angela together.
Chapter Twenty-Three
As the summer progressed, Mike and Angela became closer.  When Mike wasn’t working at Musicality or at the club, or sleeping, he was with Angela.  She even went to the club to hear him play quite frequently.  As the summer came to a close, it was time for the new school year to begin.  Even though Mike was anxious to begin teaching, he was also a little nervous.  He was afraid that he might not be a good teacher and that the kids would hate him.  He didn’t want to fail them.
When Mike met with the principal and the head of the Music Department, he began to gain confidence.  Mike learned that he had started teaching at just the right time.  Jefferson Middle School was beginning a new music program.  Mike would be teaching Music Theory and History of Music to sixth graders, and would also help them to start a sixth grade band.  He would have the same group of students all the way through middle school.  He would have three years to use his teaching style to mold their musical abilities.  Mike asked if he could start a jazz band after school and was given approval.
On the first day of school, Things could not have gone any better for Mike.  He had to get used to his students calling him ‘Mr. Howard’, but he saw how eager they were to learn to read music, and a lot of them already played instruments, and several others wanted to learn to play.
One of the boys in Mike’s class was excited to see Mr. Howard.  Gary Jones had been taking music lessons from him all summer and was glad that he was their teacher.  He was also excited to hear about the after school jazz band.
School had only been in session for a week, when Mike received a call from Mickey, the manager from All That Jazz.  Mickey told Mike that the guy he had hired for the band instead of him had quit, so that he could attend college.  Mickey told Mike that he was much better than the other guy and he regretted not going with his gut instinct.  He apologized to Mike and told him that if he was interested, the position in the band was his.
Mike explained about his new job at Jefferson Middle School and about the jazz band rehearsals after school.  Mike told Mickey that his teaching job would always come first, but that he would love to join Blues Rhapsody.  Mike and Mickey came to an agreement and Mike accepted the offer to join the band.  When Mike told Angela the news, she surprised him by telling him that Mickey was her uncle.
Chapter Twenty-Four
Mike’s life couldn’t have been better.  During the day, he taught music to kids who loved and respected him and he really loved teaching them.  During school, he worked with the sixth grade band, and after school he worked with the school jazz band.  When he left the school, he headed to the club to rehearse with Blues Rhapsody.  He saw Angela as often as possible, which due to their schedules, was mostly on weekends.  They were becoming very close.
Mike began having unusual dreams, which he couldn’t remember when he woke up.  However, he would feel several emotions when he woke up, ranging from happiness to love, to sadness, to anger.
For Thanksgiving, Mike flew to Chicago to see his mother and grandmother.  He told them about his job, the band and of course about Angela.
In early December, Mickey told Mike that the club had a tradition of having a big Christmas party for all of the children in the neighborhood, as a lot of the children were poor and wouldn’t have much of a Christmas without the party.  Mickey told Mike that the club had been having the parties for several decades.  Mike told Mickey that he remembered them from when he was going to school in the city, and he would love to help in any way that he could.
Mike helped in the collecting donations from area merchants and restaurants and he also donated all of his free time as well.   Angela helped as well.  Mike was really in the holiday spirit when he saw all of the children having a good time.  The club was filled with laughter.
As the school year progressed, Mike’s students became more interested in music history and in learning how to read music.  By the end of May, Mike thought that his sixth grade band was ready to perform in front of an audience, and he arranged for them, as well as the middle school jazz band to perform on a Friday evening.  The concert was a big success and the audience loved the performance.
After the concert, Gary was helping Mike put away the music stands and chairs, when Angela approached Mike.  She told him that his students were very good.  When Mike introduced Gary to Angela, he was surprised to learn that they already knew each other.  “Gary is my cousin,” said Angela.  “My mother and his father are brother and sister.”  Then, she added, “And my father’s uncle is also Gary’s grandfather.”
“Well then,” said Mike, “you should be very proud of your cousin, because he is one of the best musicians in the bands.”
“Well,” said Angela, “music is in his blood.  Several members of our family are involved with music in one way or another.
Chapter Twenty-Five
When the school year ended, Mike began giving more music lessons.  He also encouraged his students to start a summer band and he talked Mickey into letting them rehearse in the club in the afternoons and also have concerts in the club for the neighborhood.  Mike always encouraged his students to give back to the world, using the talents that God had given them.  The band wouldn’t charge money for their concerts.  Instead, they solicited donations from local merchants and provided a free lunch for the audience, which consisted of mostly lower income families.  As the students began to feel good about helping others, they began to play their instruments with more feeling. That in turn, made then more confident and made them more eager to help the neighborhood.
A few of the students asked if they could perform on street corners as well.  Mike got permission from the city for them to perform concerts in the city parks.  By that time, Mike and other adults involved with the concerts began to notice that people in the neighborhood were taking more of an interest in their community, and their neighborhoods.  They began to have block parties to become more acquainted with their neighbors.  They began to pick up trash and clean up their parks and vacant lots.  As the community became united, they began to take a stand against drugs and drug dealers and other crime in their neighborhoods.
All that Jazz Club announced an ‘End of Summer’ party for the people in the neighborhoods surrounding the club.  Churches in the area agreed to provide the picnic food for the party and area merchants agreed to provide non-alcoholic drinks, prizes and decorations.  Blues Rhapsody provided most of the entertainment with additional music being provided by students from Jefferson Middle School and Kennedy High School.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Throughout the summer, Mike and Angela had become much closer.  They began dating and spent most of their free time together. Mike invited Angela to go to Chicago with him to meet his mother and grandmother and to see where he had grown up.  She jumped at the offer, because she had always wanted to see Chicago and she wanted to learn more about Mike and his family.
Mike and Angela had a wonderful time in Chicago.  Mike gave her a tour of the best parts of the city, as well as all of the historical landmarks.  Mike’s mother and grandmother took an instant liking to Angela.  One afternoon, while Angela and Mike’s mother were out shopping, Mike’s grandmother told Mike what a beautiful person Angela was inside and out.  She also told him that she was proud of the work that he was doing with the children in the schools in New York.  She apologized again for doubting his intentions when he left Chicago a year earlier.
Mike and Angela returned to New York City in time for the neighborhood bash.  Mike’s life was going great and he never played his saxophone with more feeling.  He received several compliments when he played.
The atmosphere of the event was very friendly.  Several people who had lived in the neighborhood for several years became acquainted with each other for the first time.  There was plenty of laughter, great food and several people were dancing in the street to the music.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
When school started the following week, Mike began teaching the same students that he had the previous year, except that they were now seventh graders.  There were a few students who had transferred in from other middle schools as well.
On the first day of classes, Mike was informed, that due to budget cuts, all activities before and after school had been cancelled, including the jazz band.  After discussing it with Mickey, Mike made a quick phone call and set up an appointment with the principal of the school.  Mike told the principal that the manager of All That Jazz, had agreed to let the middle school jazz band rehearse at the club between 3:30 and 4:30 every afternoon, since the club didn’t open until six o’clock each evening. Mr. Brown told Mike that he needed to get permission slips signed by the parents of all of the students, to allow them to practice at the club, since it was off school grounds.
Every one of the students in the jazz band received permission from their parents.  The principal received several letters from the parents, complaining about the budget cuts.
During the End of Summer Bash, Both Mike and Angela were surprised to see the high school band members interacting with the middle school band.  The older students were offering advice and encouragement to the younger students.  When school started, Angela asked her band students if they would like to work with the middle school students throughout the school year.  The students were enthusiastic and agreed to be part of the project.  The students would work together at the club after the jazz rehearsal was over.
As the school year progressed, Mike began having strange dreams more frequently.  When he woke up in the morning, he could only remember bits and pieces of he dreams, but he found himself filled with mixed emotions.  He was happy and sad at the same time.  He felt love and heartbreak.  It was as if he was getting glimpses of a past life.
Mike was in love with Angela.  He loved his teaching job.  He loved working with the kids.  He loved playing jazz with Blues Rhapsody.  
Over the holidays, Mike was very excited to be part of the community Christmas party at the club.  It was also during the holidays that Mike met more of Angela’s family.  He met her grandfather; Michael Jones Sr. and her Uncle Jack and Aunt Becky Jones, who were also Gary’s parents.  He also met Gary’s grandfather; Garret Anderson, who was also Angela’s great-uncle.
One day, while Mike and Angela were visiting with her parents, Mike was able to see quite a bit of art work that Angela had created over the years.  Not only was she musically talented, but was also very artistic as well.  Mike encouraged her to begin drawing, painting and creating again.
At the end of the school year, Mike’s seventh grade band and the middle school jazz bands were eager to show how much they had improved the previous year.  Mike personally sent invitations to the school board, the superintendent and he principal, inviting them to the end of the year concert.  He wanted to show the administration why the music program was so important to the students as well as the community.  The concert was a huge success and Mike could tell from the applause that the school administration was very impressed.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
One week after the school year ended all of the music and art teachers at Jefferson Middle School were asked to attend a mandatory meeting.  The principal told them that due to more budget cuts, one music teacher and one art teacher were being let go from each middle school, as well as from each high school.  He added that if the school district couldn’t come up with additional funding, that the art and music programs would be eliminated from all schools in the 2015 -2016 school year.
At Jefferson Middle School, the art teacher who was being cut, had been teaching at New York City schools for over forty years, and he was asked to retire early, with a nice severance package. 
The music teacher that was cut, however, was a new teacher, and had only been teaching there for a year.  Mike could tell that she was upset about the decision and was worried about her future.  She and her husband had just bought a new house and had a new baby.  Mike asked her and Mr. Brown to stay for a moment after the meeting so that he could talk with them.
Mike asked Mr. Brown to keep Mrs. Carpenter and let him go in her place.  He argued that Mrs. Carpenter had a family to support and needed the job more than he did.  Mr. Brown accepted Mike’s offer and told Mrs. Carpenter that she would have a job for at least one more year.
Before the meeting ended, Mike asked Mr. Brown a pointed question.  “Since the New York City school system is cutting out music and art because of a shortage of funding, are we to assume that the sports programs are being cut as well?”
Mr. Brown became very quiet and he looked very uncomfortable as he answered the question.   “No cuts are being made in the sports programs,” he said
“So, sports are more important than music and art?” asked Mike.
“I’m sorry, Mike,” said M. Brown.  “I don’t make the rules.  You will have to take it up with the school board.”
Mrs. Carpenter thanked Mike before he left and Mike told her not to give up hope.  He promised to find a way to save the music and art programs.  But, Mike was not sure what he could do.
Chapter Twenty-Nine
That evening, while Mike was eating dinner with Angela and her parents, he told them about his meeting.   He told them that he planned to organize the parents and rally them together before the next school board meeting.
Later that night, Mike met with Mickey and explained his predicament.  He told Mickey that he wanted to keep busy and he had some ideas about remodeling the jazz club for its 75th anniversary.  He wanted to decorate it to look exactly like it did when it opened in 1939.  Mike had seen photos of how the club looked in 1939.  He thought that it would be great for business.
Mickey agreed and gave Mike the go ahead.  Mike would work on the club during the day, so that the middle school and high school band students could still rehearse in the late afternoon.  Then, Mike would perform with Blues Rhapsody in the evenings.
Mike began searching through old newspaper archives for photos of the club in its early years.  He wanted to recreate the original décor of the club.  Mike had a book full of sketches, photos of the club as well as several ideas that he had jotted down, for the remodeling.  He was painfully aware that it would be very expensive to do the remodeling and to buy the antique tables and chairs.  
When Mike showed his ideas to Mickey, he was very impressed.   When Mike told Mikey that it could be very expensive, Mickey told him not to worry about the costs.  Later, when Mike mentioned his concerns to Angela, she just laughed.  “Money’s no problem,” she said.  “My great-grand parents, the ones who actually own the club, are quite wealthy.”
Angela pulled an old photo album off a shelf and began showing Mike photos of the original members of Blues Rhapsody.  “This is my great-grandfather,” said Angela, pointing to a man holding a trombone.
“That’s Pretty Boy Jones,” said Mike rather excitedly.
“How in the world did you know that?” asked Angela.
“I don’t know,” said Mike.  “I probably saw photos of the band when I came here during my days at Julliard.”  Then, Mike proceeded to name the rest of the band members in the photo.  “There are Happy Jack Carmichael, Sticks Jackson, Smokey Thompson and Shorty Butler,” said Mike.  I think that’s all of them.”

“There was one more member, the one who took this photo,” said Angela.  “I think his name was Sonny something.”
That night, Mike had another of his weird dreams, but it was very vivid.  It was a dream about Blues Rhapsody, and Mike saw himself playing in the band with the men in the photo.  The dream became more and more intense, as images began to flash before his eyes, very rapidly.  Mike woke up in a cold sweat.  This time, he remembered his dream very clearly.  He told nobody about the dream.  He knew that people would thing he was crazy, because he, himself thought he was going nuts.
Chapter Thirty
All summer long, Mike worked on designing the new look for the club, which meant recreating the old look of the club.  Mike learned that there was an attic over the entire club, and when he located the door to it, he had a hard time getting it open.  Apparently it had not been opened in a number of years.  The door pulled down with stairs leading up to the attic.  Mike found a flashlight and went up the stairs to see if anything was stored up there.  Mike could not believe his eyes.  There were over fifty tables and a few hundred chairs.   They were coated with a layer of dust.  When Mike wiped away some of the dust, he became very excited.  He had seen the tables in photos of the club’s opening.  They were the original tables and chairs.  Apparently the original managers of the club didn’t throw anything away.  Mike also found several large boxes.  As he opened the boxes, he saw the original crystal chandeliers from the club’s opening.  He told no one about his discovery, as he wanted to restore everything to their original condition and use them in the club once it was restored to its original condition.
The end of summer bash was bigger and better than the year before.  Mike was playing jazz better than he had in a long time.  He was having the time of his life.  However, the weekend ended on a sour note.  It was very late when the festivities came to an end.  Mike decided to leave his saxophone at the club for the night.  The next morning, when he returned to the club, Mike discovered that someone had broken into All That Jazz.  A box of petty cash was missing as well as some alcohol, but that wasn’t the worst of it.  The thieves also took Mike’s saxophone.
When the police arrived, Mickey and Mike made a list of everything that was taken from the club.  The police told Mike that he might not ever see his instrument again.  Mike was very upset, as he had owned that saxophone for over ten years.  The instrument itself was more than eighty years old.  
Mike needed to get another saxophone before that night’s performance at the club, so he began searching the city for just the right one.  Mike went to several music stores throughout the city.  He saw several saxophones that were beautiful, but none of them had the right feel to them when he held them.  He was about to give up when he saw a small shop in the older part of the city.  When Mike walked into the shop, he was greeted by a man who appeared to be in his late seventies or early eighties.  He asked Mike what instrument he was looking for.  
“I need a saxophone,” said Mike, “but not just any one.  I want one with character, the older the better.”
The owner brought out several instruments for Mike to look at, but Mike wasn’t pleased with any of them.  Mike was about to leave the store when the man told Mike to wait.  He told him that he had one more saxophone for him to try, and then the man went into the back storeroom.    A few minutes later, he returned with a case covered with a layer of dust.  The man wiped off the case with a soft cloth before handing it to Mike.  
Mike carefully opened the case, and when he saw it, he was instantly attracted to it.  It looked like it had not been played in a very long time, but that it had been well taken care of by its previous owner.  Mike took the saxophone out of the case and held it for a moment.  I had a nice feel to it.  It felt comfortable, like he had been playing it his entire life.  “How much do you want for it?” asked Mike.
He shop owner carefully looked at Mike and after a moment and then he said; “It’s in very good condition and it’s very old.  I can let you have it for five thousand dollars.”
Mike only had three thousand dollars in savings.  He picked up the instrument again, and this time he began to play it.  It began playing beautiful music and it made Mike somewhat emotional.  As he gently put it back in its case, his eyes got misty.  “I can give you three thousand dollars now, and I can get a loan for the rest,” said Mike, “but, I have to have this saxophone.”
The old man looked at Mike and smiled.  “Take it.  It’s yours.”
I’ll be back tomorrow with the money,” said Mike.
“No, no,” said the owner.  “You don’t understand.  I’m giving it to you for free.”
“You’re right,” said Mike.  “I don’t understand.  How can you stay in business if you give away the instruments?”
The man pulled up a couple of chairs and when he and Mike were seated, he began to tell Mike a very unusual story.  “Back in 1946,” the man began, “a young man and his wife walked into this shop carrying this case.  My father owned the shop then, and I was just twelve years old.  I worked there as well.  The man told me that the saxophone had belonged to a very good friend of his, who had recently passed away.  He told my father and me that his friend’s last request was for his friend to make sure that his saxophone, his most prized possession found the best home possible.  The man asked my father and me to help him carry out that request.  We both promised, and then, I asked the man how we would know who the right person to give the instrument to.  He looked down at me and told me that I would know because I would feel it in my gut.  So for the past sixty-eight years, it’s been safely stored in the back room, waiting for just the right person.”
“So, why do you thing I am that person?” asked Mike.
“There have been many people who have looked at it over the years, but when they heard the price, they would immediately ask to see other saxophones,” said the man.  “You were willing to pay that ridiculous price, but more importantly, you played it with such passion and feeling, my gut tells me that this saxophone has been waiting all of these years for you.  I hope that you get many years of pleasure from it.”
Mike thanked the shop owner and they shook hands.  Mike left the shop with his new/old saxophone in his hand and a big smile on his face.  When he returned to his apartment, he thoroughly cleaned and polished the saxophone.  He also cleaned the case as well.  That’s when he noticed that there were initials on the side of the case.  They were well worn, but Mike could make them out.  The initials were RJC.  Mike was so happy to have the saxophone that he began to play it like he had never played before.
Chapter Thirty-One
Mike talked to Mickey and suggested that they close the club for one month before the seventy-fifth anniversary of the club, so that he could do a thorough job of remodeling it, and then, have a grand re-opening on the night on December 16th, 2014.  He also suggested that the first week of the anniversary celebration be reserved for musicians and artists in the New York City area, which they would personally invite.  Mike was hoping that he would get some financial support and raise public awareness for the budget cuts for the music and art programs in the public schools.  He also suggested that they invite several other local jazz bands from the city to perform that week as well as Blues Rhapsody.  Mickey was fully on board with Mike’s ideas and gave him complete control of the project.
In October, at the monthly school board meeting, the auditorium was packed with art and music teachers from the public school system, along with several parents.  Mike had been elected the spokesperson for the group.  When it was his turn to address the school board, Mike told the members that music and the arts were just as important as math, science, English and social studies.  He explained that the art and music programs allowed the students to be creative, which in turn helped them in other aspects of their school work.  He explained that music and art classes gave the students a chance to release pent up frustrations and pressure.
One of the board members explained that the school district was short of funds, and that the cuts had to be made.  Another board member suggested that art and band students pay an annual fee, such as one hundred dollars per year to help cover the cost of the class materials and the teachers’ salaries, to which Mike replied; “I assume that would also be the case with each of the sports teams as well?”
“Sports teams are not being cut, and will not be discussed at this time,” said the school board president.
“That is the point I am trying to make,” said Mike.  “You are saying that school sports are much more important than the school bands, music and art classes.”
“I didn’t say that,” said the president.
“Then, why aren’t sports teams on the chopping block as well?” asked Mike.  “Either get rid of all sports programs in the schools as well, or charge student fees for all electives and extracurricular activities.”
Mike received a standing ovation from the teachers and parents.  Mike realized that he might not be rehired by the school district after stirring up the teachers and parents, but he realized that fixing the problem would be worth it.  He was willing to risk everything to help the students.
By the end of the school board meeting, the president promised that they would take all points under consideration and have a solution by the next school board meeting.
That night, Mike’s dream was even more vivid.  Not only was he a member of Blues Rhapsody back in the 1930’s, but he saw himself with a beautiful woman named Vicky.  He was so happy when he was with her, that he didn’t want to wake up.  When he did finally wake up, he remembered every detail of the dream.  He was sure he was going crazy.
Chapter Thirty-Two
Mike quickly showered and got dressed and drove over to Kennedy High School to see Angela.  He had to ask her a question, but had to wait until her class was over before he could talk to her.  “Angela,” he said, “you said that Bill Jones was your great-grandfather, right?”
“Yes,” said Angela, “Why?”
“I need to speak to him as soon as possible,” said Mike.  “I have some questions about the original club and band, which only he can answer.  Do you have his phone number?”
Angela took out her cell phone and found the number for Mike.  She explained that the area code was for Florida, because that was where he and Nana lived. Mike thanked her and then he headed back to his apartment.  Thirty minutes later, Mike was sitting in his living room, with his cell phone in his hand.  He had no idea what he was going to say.  He also was afraid of what he might discover about his dreams.  
Finally, he got the nerve to make the call.  He heard ringing and then an elderly woman’s voice came on the phone.  Mike asked her if he could speak with Bill Jones.  A minute later, Mike heard a man’s voice; “Hello?’ said the man.
“Is this Bill Jones?” asked Mike, “Bill Pretty Boy Jones?”
The man laughed and said “I haven’t been called that in quite a few years.  Who is this?”
“My name is Mike Howard,” said Mike.  “Does that name mean anything to you?”
There was silence on the other end for a moment and then the man said; “Mike?  Is that really you?”  I was wondering when I’d be hearing from you again.  Is it really you?  It’s been so long my friend.”
“Then, I’m not going crazy?” asked Mike.  The things I have been remembering are real?  I actually traveled back to the 1930’s?”
“Yes,” said Bill.  “It really did happen.  Where are you calling from?”
“I’m living in New York City and playing in Blues Rhapsody,” said Mike.  “In fact, I’m in the process of remodeling All That Jazz, to recreate the original club, for the grand re-opening.  Can I come see you?  I have so many unanswered questions, especially about Vicky.”
There was a moment of silence at the other end, and then Bill said, “Mike, there is something that I have to tell you about Vicky, but I have to tell you in person.  My wife and I were planning to go to New York to see our family in a few weeks, but we can come early.  We’ll see you in a few days.”  
Mike and Bill both agreed not to tell anybody about any of it until they had a chance to talk face to face.  Over the next twenty-four hours, Mike began to remember more of his forgotten memories.  He began to remember a lot of things.  Most of them were pleasant, but when he remembered more about his relationship with Vicky, he felt a deep sadness.  He remembered the love that he had felt for her.  Mike couldn’t eat or sleep as his mind was flooded with memories of the past.  Mike realized that Jack must be dead, since he was born in 1905, and Bill would be in his nineties, and so would Vicky if she was still alive, though he began to doubt that since Bill couldn’t talk about her over the phone.
Chapter Thirty-Three
Mike was working at the club, working on the remodeling, when he received the call from Bill.  He told Mike that they had just arrived, and he told Mike what hotel they were staying at.  He invited Mike to dinner and told him to meet them in the lobby.
Mike was anxious and nervous, but he was also somewhat excited.  For him, it had only been a couple of years, but for Bill, it had been over seventy years.  When he walked into the lobby of the hotel, he looked around for Bill, but the only elderly man he saw was in his seventies.  When the man turned around, he looked directly at Mike and said; “It’s so good to see you again, my friend,”
“I’m sorry,” said Mike “You must be mistaken.  I don’t believe I know you.”
“It’s me, Bill,” said the man.  “Mike, it’s so good to see you again.”
“You were in your early twenties when I last saw you,” said Mike.  You must be in your nineties.  You don’t look anywhere near that.”
“Actually,” said Bill, “I am ninety-six years young.  Trust me, it’s really me.”
After Mike and Bill hugged, Mike became very serious.  “Bill,” he said, “there’s something that I have to right now.  Is Vicky still alive?”
“Not only is she alive, but she is here with me.”  Bill hesitated and then he continued.  “I did what you asked me to do, Mike.  I looked out for Vicky and before either of us knew it, we fell in love.  Mike; Vicky and I have been married for seventy-three years.”
Before Mike could respond, Vicky walked up to them.  Mike knew it was her by her eyes and her smile, but he couldn’t believe how young she looked.  She would be around ninety-four, but she looked twenty years younger.  Mike gave her a big hug and then found himself apologizing to her.  “I’m so sorry for leaving, Vicky, but there was no way for me to stay any longer.  It was out of my control.  Please forgive me.”
“Mike,” said Vicky, “I forgave you over seventy years ago.  You were my first love, and I will always care about you, but Bill and I have been in love for over seventy-four years, and we have you to thank for that.”
Bill, Vicky and Mike walked into the dining room of the hotel and were seated at a private table in the corner of the room, so that they could have some privacy.
Mike was amazed at how young Bill and Vicky looked for their age.  When he told them that, Vicky commented; “We have you to thank for that as well,” she said.  “Don’t you remember the sealed envelopes that you gave to me?  You made me promise not to open them until the year written on each envelope.  Not only were there amazing stock tips, but health tips as well.  Bill and I have been eating a low-fat high fiber diet with very few preservatives for the past several decades.  We very rarely eat fast food, and we rarely eat out, unless it is at a restaurant that serves small portions of healthy food.  Neither of us smokes, and neither do any of our children or grandchildren.  We have never allowed anyone to smoke in our home after we read your comments on second hand smoke.  We both exercise regularly.  We swim, golf, bowl and take long walks every day.  We also lift weights and visit the gym at least three times per week.  We also challenge our minds with puzzles and stay mentally fit.”
“And thanks to your suggestions,” said Bill, we have been getting cancer screenings since the early 1960’s.  Vicky has been doing self-breast exams since we got married.  She found a lump at the age of forty, had a mammogram and had the lump removed before the cancer spread.  We have been getting colonoscopies for over fifty years as well.”
Mike suddenly remembered writing the letters to Vicky and he also remembered telling her to follow her dreams and never let anyone tell her she couldn’t do something because she was a woman.  “Did you ever become a doctor, Vicky?” Mike asked.
Vicky told Mike that she changed her mind and while Bill was in Europe during World War II, she began attending college and received a degree in education.  She put her teaching career on hold until their children were out on their own.  She began teaching at the age of fifty, and retired after twenty years of teaching high school history.
When Mike asked about Jack, Bill told him that he and Jack enlisted in the army shortly after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th, 1941.  Jack lied about his age and said that he was twenty-seven instead of thirty-seven.  Bill and Jack were stationed together in Europe.  Bill told Mike that Jack was killed in the D-Day invasion at Normandy, France in June of 1944.
Bill told Mike that he and Vicky were married on December 16th, 1941.  Bill was sent overseas in March 1942.  Their first child was born in 1946, nine months after Bill was discharged from the army.  They named their firstborn child, Michael Howard Jones, to honor their good friend Mike.
Mike, who had regained more of his lost memory, explained that he told her that he came from the year 2014, instead of 2012, because he didn’t want her waiting for him as soon as he popped back into his old life.  He wanted to get back into the routine of his old life before he contacted her.  Mike told Vicky that he had no idea that his memory would be repressed when he returned to his own time.
Mike explained about his losing his teaching job due to budget cuts and about his progress in remodeling All That Jazz, in time for the 75th anniversary of the club.
“If you’re not teaching,” asked Vicky, “then how are you paying your bills?”
“I’m living off of my savings at the moment,” replied Mike.  “Hopefully, I will get my job back before the money runs out.”
Vicky pulled a thick envelope out of her purse and handed it to Mike.  “Well, this should tide you over for a while,” she said.
“I can’t take any money from you,” said Mike.
“This is yours,” replied Vicky.  “Don’t you remember giving Bill and I ten thousand dollars each before you left?  Well, we used half of the money to invest on the stocks that you recommended.  My parents were wealthy enough to help us keep the club running without that money.  We used the other half of the money to make investments in your name.  Bill was skeptical when I finally told him about your story of traveling from the future, but he became a believer when your stock tips began making us a lot of money.”
Mike opened the envelope, to find stock shares from McDonald’s Corporation issued on the first day that the stock went public in 1965.  He also found several other stocks from computer companies such as Google, Microsoft and Facebook all issued on the first day of issue.  Mike knew that the stock was worth millions of dollars.
Vicky told Mike that she also took his advice and used some of their money and time to help others less fortunate. She told him that over the years, they had received much happiness from helping others.  Mike told Bill and Vicky that his stock would help him save the music and art programs in the New York City public schools.
Vicky handed Mike a key, and when he asked her what it was for, she told him that it was to his basement storeroom I the basement of the club. She told him that nobody had been in the storeroom since Mike left seventy fours earlier.  She also handed him a legal document stating that proved that Mike owned the All That Jazz and the land that it sat on.
Mike, Vicky and Bill all agreed not to mention the time travel to anyone else until the grand re-opening of the club in December.  When Vicky asked Mike if he had been lucky enough to find love a second time, he hesitated before answering; “Yes,” he said, and I know you will approve of her, because I am in love with your great-granddaughter Angela.”  Mike told Bill and Vicky that it would be hard to explain everything to Angela and that he would do it when the time was right.
When they had finished their meal, Mike grabbed the check to pay, but Bill grabbed it out of his hand.  “Don’t even think about it,” he said.  “We will never be able to repay you for what you have done for us.  The least we can do is pay for this meal.”
Before Mike left to go back to his apartment, Bill and Vicky told him that they would not tell their family they were in New York City, so that they would have some time to become reacquainted with Mike.  Mike suggested that they meet the next evening, to play some music together.  Bill agreed and Vicky told Mike that she would love to hear him play again.
Mike told Vicky that he was very happy that she and Bill had found love.  “We would never have found it without you,” said Vicky.  “You brought us together.  I hope that you and Angela can find what Bill and I have.”
Chapter Thirty-Four
Before Mike returned to his apartment, he drove by the club.  He wanted to check out the basement storeroom. When he put the key into the lock, it would not turn.   It had been locked for seventy-four years and it was somewhat rusted.  But, after working at it for a while, it finally turned and the lock opened.  Mike opened the door, only to find an empty room with a heavy coating of dust covering the floor.  As Mike looked around the room with a flashlight, he noticed a large envelope under the coating of dust.  Mike picked it up and after shaking off the dust, he saw that the envelope was addressed to him and was postmarked November 1956.
Mike opened the envelope and read a letter from a John Garrett.  In the letter, John explained that although they had agreed on giving Mike five percent of the stock, he and Paul had decided to give him twenty-five percent instead.  The letter also stated that he and Paul each had twenty-six percent and the last twenty-four percent of the stock would be sold to the public.  John further stated that the stock was only a small token of thanks, as they could never adequately repay Mike for saving the lives of their children.
Mike had no recollection of saving any children.  The letter was dated November 1st, 1956, as was the stock certificate for one hundred thousand shares of AG Electronics stock.
Mike carefully relocked the storeroom and returned to his apartment.  That night, he slept, he dreamed about the event mentioned in the letter in which he saved the lives of Lucy Garret and Ben Anderson, by pulling them out of the river.  When he woke up, he remembered everything.  When Mike searched the internet for AG Electronics Company, he found nothing.  He decided that the company was no longer in existence, and realized that the stock certificate was probably worthless.  He was about to throw it in the trash, but decided to keep it for its historical value.
Mike worked all day at the club.  He met Angela for lunch, but said nothing about meeting her great-grandparents.  When the students arrived for their rehearsal at the club, Mike tried to hurry the session along, as he had a dinner appointment with Bill and Vicky.  Gary asked Mike how he was doing, now that he was no longer teaching at the school.  Mike told Gary that things were looking up, but that he would tell him more about it later.
After the rehearsal was over, Mike grabbed his saxophone and headed to the hotel for dinner and a jam session with Bill and Vicky.  When he arrived, he was escorted to the dining room where Bill and Vicky were already seated.  As Mike set down the case, Bill noticed and just stared in disbelief.  “Where did you get that Saxophone,” he asked Mike.
“I got it from a little music shop in the city, after my other one was stolen,” said Mike.  
“Do you have any idea who that saxophone used to belong to?” asked Bill.
“No,” said Mike, “anybody famous?”
“That is the saxophone that Jack played his entire life,” said Bill.
“As in Happy Jack Carmichael?” asked Mike. “But the initials on the case are RJC.”
“Few people knew this;” said Bill, “but Jack’s full name was Reginald John Carmichael.  You can probably guess why he went by his middle name.”  Bill explained that about Jack’s wishes for his saxophone in case he never returned from the war.
Mike opened the case and carefully took the saxophone out of the case and after putting it together, held it in his hands as he remembered his good friend Jack.  He accidently knocked the case onto the floor, and as he picked it up, he heard something sliding around in the case.  Mike laid the saxophone on the table, and pulled up a corner of the lining of the case.  He saw an envelope.  He picked it up and turned it over.  The letter was addressed to ‘Lizzie’.  
“That was the name of Jack’s daughter,” said Mike and Bill at the same.  The envelope was not sealed, and they all agreed that it would be okay to read the letter since Jack had been dead for over seventy years.  Mike read the letter out loud.  It was a letter that Jack had written to his daughter in 1937, when his daughter was seven years old.  In the letter, Jack tried to explain to his daughter why he couldn’t be with her.  He explained that when he returned home after being on the road for six months, he discovered that Lizzie and her mother had moved away, and nobody knew where they moved to.  Jack told his daughter that he would never stop looking for her and her mother, because he loved them both so much.  He told her that when he found out where they had moved to, he would mail the letter.  Jack ended the letter by telling Lizzie that he loved her and her mother more than anything in the world, and that a part of him would be missing until they were reunited.  Besides the letter, there was a photo of Jack holding Lizzie when she was a baby.
“Did Jack ever find his family before he died?” asked Mike.
“No,” said Bill, that was his biggest regret in life, that he never got to see his baby girl again.  In fact, his last words he said before he died were ‘My Lizzie’.”
At that moment, the manager of the restaurant walked up to their table and asked Mike if he was any good at playing the saxophone.  Before Mike could respond, Vicky replied, “He’s one of the best.”  The manager told them that the scheduled entertainment had cancelled at the last moment, and asked Mike if he would mind playing some music for the other dinner guests.  Mike agreed to play, if Bill would join him with his trombone.  Mike waited while Bill went up to his room to get his trombone.  The dining room was full and the diners eagerly awaited the music to begin.  Mike and Bill decided on a few tunes, and when they began to play, it was just like old times.  After each song, they received thundering applause.  Mike even played a few tunes on the piano in the restaurant.
After Mike and Bill finished, they went back to their table.  An elderly couple in their nineties walked over to their table and told them how much they enjoyed their music.  “I haven’t heard jazz played like that since my wife and I were dating back in the late 30’s’ said the gentleman.  “In fact we got engaged at the All That Jazz Club while listening to Blues Rhapsody play.  I don’t remember their full names, but I remember their first names.  There was Happy Jack, Sticks, Smokey, Shorty, Pretty Boy and Sonny.”
“Well sir,” said Mike, “You are in luck, because you just heard Pretty Boy Jones play again.  By the way, you two wouldn’t be Sam and Sadie, would you?”
“Now, how in the world could you know that?” asked the man as he put on his glasses to get a better look at Mike.  When he saw Mike clearly, he was shocked.  “You look like Sonny,” said Sam, but that is impossible.  That was over seventy-five years ago.  How do you know our names?” asked Sam.
“Bill told me the story a long time ago, said Mike with a big grin on his face.  Sam shook hands with Bill and Mike and thanked them again for the music and the trip down memory lane.  As they were turning to go, Mike couldn’t help himself.  He asked Sam; “Did you put that two hundred dollars to good use?”
Sam turned pale, as if he had seen a ghost.  “Yes, we used it for a down payment on our first car.”  Sam paused for a moment and then said “thank you, Sonny,” before he and his wife returned to their seats.  Mike explained to Bill and Vicky that when Sam and Sadie got engaged that day so long ago, he slipped two one hundred dollar bills into Sam’s front coat pocket.
While they were eating their desserts, Vicky asked Mike if had returned to the storeroom yet.  “Yes,” said Mike, “but the room was empty except for an envelope containing a letter and some worthless stock for a company called AG Electronics.”
“What was the date on the stock certificate?” asked Vicky.
“November, 1956, I think,” said Mike, “Why?”
“Why do you think the stock is worthless?
“Because I couldn’t find it listed on the stock exchange,” said Mike.
That’s because the company has changed its name since then,” said Vicky.  “Lucy Garrett and Ben Anderson, the children of the original owners got married in 1947, and when the company went public in 1957, Ben became the new CEO of the company five years later and the company changed its name to Anderson Electronics.  The name changed one final time in 1970 to Anderson Computer.  The company is worth billions.  I hope you didn’t throw out that stock.”
Mike told them that he still had the stock and he realized that he owned twenty-five percent of a multi-billion dollar company.  
Vicky remembered receiving the envelope in the mail at the club and she slid it under the door of the storeroom when she realized that she wouldn’t see Mike until 2014 or so.  She told Mike that there must be other things in the storeroom, because he was constantly making purchases and he took none of those belongings back to the future with him.  “Maybe the stuff is in the underground garage,” said Vicky.
“There is no underground garage,” said Mike
“That’s because you had it sealed up before you left,” said Vicky.  You had the ramp leading down to the garage filled in with dirt.”
“So you could put in a garden in back of the club,” said Mike, as he began to remember more.  He also remembered about the secret room between the storeroom and the garage.  He also realized that there was now a cement parking lot over the entrance to the underground garage.
Chapter Thirty-Five
That night, Mike went back to his apartment without stopping at the club.  He knew that if he began going through all of the stuff in the secret room, that he would be up all night.  
The next morning, Mike was at the club at seven o’clock.  He immediately went down to the basement and after unlocking the storeroom; he went to the back wall and looked for the nails that held the wall in place.  After removing the nails with a hammer, he found the hidden latch and opened the wall panel leading to the secret room.  Mike found the light switch and when he turned the light on, he saw a couple hundred boxes, all filled with relics from the past.  He was the first person to be in that room in seventy-four years.  Besides the boxes, there were also several large items including antique televisions, telephones, radios, etc...  The antique roll top desk sat against one wall.  Mike felt like a kid in candy store.  He didn’t know what he wanted to do first.  Then, he saw the door leading to the garage.  He didn’t know what condition the garage and its contents would be I, after all of those years.  There could be water damage or worse.  When he entered the garage, he turned on the light and was relieved to find the garage bone dry.  The antique car and the antique motorcycles and bicycles looked as good as new.
Mike remembered the stocks that he had purchased between 1938 and 1940.  He went to the desk and opened one of the drawers.  The stock certificates were still there.  Mike took them out of the desk.  When he tried to close the drawer, he couldn’t close it all the way.  Something was blocking it.  Mike removed the drawer and looked behind it.  He found several sheets of paper.  He removed them and put the drawer back in place.  As Mike leafed through the papers, he realized that they weren’t his.  They seemed to be the personal papers of someone named John. W. Potter.  Most of the papers were dated in the 1920’s.  Mike realized that Mr. Potter must have been the original owner of the desk, and the papers had been there when he bought it from the antique shop in 1938.
As Mike continued leafing through the papers, he found several old stock certificates dating back to the late 1800’s.  He recognized several of the companies.  One stock certificate was for one thousand shares of Coca-Cola stock purchased in 1918.  Another one was one thousand shares of IBM stock issued in 1915.  Others included John Deere, Dayton-Hudson, Wells Fargo, Johnson and Johnson, Colgate-Palmolive, Walgreen, and Caterpillar, plus some that Mike had never heard of. 
Mike took all of the stock certificates as well as Mr. Potter’s personal papers and put them in a box to take them back to his apartment.  The rest of his treasures would have to wait.  Mike now had the funds to finish the remodeling of the club and save the music and art programs.  
It was a week before Thanksgiving and the grand re-opening of the club was three weeks after that.  The antique dishes and glassware were scheduled to arrive within a week, as well as the other antiques to replicate the club from 1939.  Mike had already restored the walls and the wooden floor to their original state.  He had ordered several bullet proof cases to be mounted to the walls all around the club, to hold items from the 1930’s.  Now, Mike had hundreds of items to fill the cases.  He also needed to order several more cases.
Chapter Thirty-Six
Mike needed to be discreet about the stocks he now owned, including the ones he purchased himself, the ones that Bill and Vicky purchased for him and the ones he found hidden in the desk.  He called a stockbroker that he knew and told him that he was writing a fictional story and he needed some information about stock value.  He set up an appointment with the broker for the following afternoon. 
Mike went to the public library to look through old archives that hadn’t been computerized, to learn more about John W. Potter, who used to own his desk.  After searching for a few hours, he located what he needed.  What he found blew him away.  John W. Potter was a millionaire who had made his fortune in the stock market, from the 1890’s through the 1920’s.  Mr. Potter never had any family.  His life was just about getting richer and more powerful.
When the stock market crashed in 1929, John thought he was ruined financially, and he killed himself during the depression that followed.  In a suicide note that was found, he said that he burned all of his worthless stock certificates.  He left a note for the landlord of the penthouse that he lived in, that he could sell his furniture to pay his last month’s rent.  Mike realized that the papers and stocks he had found must have fallen behind the drawers, before Mr. Potter burned the rest of his stock.
Mike did further research and discovered that Mr. Potter had no living relatives, so the stocks he found legally belonged to him.  If they were worth anything, he could use the money to save the art and music programs for years to come.
Mike was so excited and happy that he wanted to share his happiness with the woman whom he loved. 
Mike called Angela and asked her if she was free for dinner, that evening.  She accepted his invitation and Mike told her that he would pick her up at six.  And that they were going someplace very fancy.  The owner of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel had been to All That Jazz several times, and Mike always reserved him the best seats in the house for him and his guests.  Mike called him was able to make reservations for that evening.
When Mike picked up Angela at her apartment, he was speechless.  He told Angela that he had never seen her look more beautiful.  Later, when they arrived at the Waldorf, Angela was the one who was speechless.  Mike and Angela had a wonderful time at the restaurant.  Afterwards, they drove to Central Park, and they took a carriage ride through the park.  Mike and Angela held each other under a warm blanket and Mike knew right then and there that Angela was the woman who he would spend the rest of his life with.  
When Mike drove Angela back to her apartment, he walked her to her door.  Mike gave her a long passionate kiss and told her that he loved her more that he had ever loved anyone in his life.
Chapter Thirty-Seven
The Next day, Mike met with his stockbroker friend and gave him a list of stock, the date of issue and the number of shares of each of them.  He asked the broker what the current value of all of the stocks would be today.  He reiterated that it was for a story he was writing.  After an hour of researching, the broker handed Mike a few sheets of paper, listing what each stock would be worth today, with the total value of all of the stocks at the bottom of the last page.  He told Mike that it was a good thing the story was fiction, because there was no way that somebody would be that lucky or that rich.  Mike thanked him and returned to his apartment.  Mike knew that he had to put the stocks in a safe place, because of their value.  He immediately put them in a briefcase and headed to the bank.  Mike placed all of the certificates in his safety deposit box for safe keeping.
Mike left the bank and headed to the club and he arrived, just as two trucks were arriving with the display cases for the club.  After everything was taken into the club, Mike called some people that he had hired to help him mount the display cases around the club. After they were all mounted securely, Mike called the security company that protected the club, and upgraded the security.  Mike didn’t think that the locked bulletproof cases were enough security.  He had the security team install security cameras, and wire the cases with silent alarms as well.
Mike wanted the club’s makeover to be a surprise for the entire staff of the club as well as the Jones family.  Mike called Mickey and told him that nobody would be allowed in the club until the grand re-opening, including him and his family.  Mickey told Mike that he would make sure that nobody disturbed him.  The staff had been on a paid vacation since the club closed for the remodeling.  Mike told Angela that she could not see it either.
Through the course of the week, Mike secretly met with Bill and Vicky several times.  When Mike told them about the stocks he had found in the desk, and the total value of all the stocks, they were flabbergasted.  Mike’s stocks were worth several billion dollars.  That included his twenty-five percent ownership in Anderson Computer.
Angela had invited Mike to spend Thanksgiving dinner with her family and she told him that her great-grandparents would be flying in from Florida, and would be staying for several weeks.  Angela told Mike that they were anxious to meet him.  Mike said that he was looking forward to meeting them as well.  When Bill or Vicky called Angela, they did it from their cell phones, so that she had no idea they were already in New York City.  
On the day before Thanksgiving, Bill and Vicky checked out of the hotel, and Mike drove them to the airport with their luggage.  He dropped them outside the arrivals exit of the terminal.  One hour later, Mickey arrived in his SUV to pick them up and take them to his home.  Bill and Vicky told their grandson that it had been an uneventful flight.
That night, Mike had a very unusual dream.  In his dream, he was having a conversation with Jack Carmichael and with Mike’s great-grandmother.  Jack told Mike that he needed to make sure that he invited his parents and his grandmother to the grand re-opening of the club.  When his great grandmother told him to invite his father’s parents as well, Mike informed her that they had died before he was born.  But Great-grandma Brown surprised Mike by what she had to say.  “They are very much alive,” she said.  “When your father married your mother, his parents didn’t like her, thinking that she was not good enough for their son.  Your father had to choose between his parents or your mother, and he chose your mother.  From that moment forward, as far as your father was concerned, they were dead to him, and he hasn’t spoken to them in over thirty years.”
“Then, how am I supposed to find them?” asked Mike.
“Their names are Thomas and Agnes Howard, she said, “and they live in Vermont.  She also told Mike to give a message to his grandmother (her daughter) from her.
Mike told Jack that he missed him very much and that he now had Jack’s saxophone.  He told him that he would never forget him.
Chapter Thirty-Eight
When Mike woke up on Thanksgiving morning, he quickly wrote down everything that Jack and his great-grandmother told him before he forgot it.  An hour later, he drove over to Mickey’s house where the Thanksgiving festivities would take place.  On the way there, Mike called his mother and grandmother in Chicago and invited them to the club’s grand re-opening in December.  He insisted that they had to be there, and would not take no for an answer.  He told his mother that he would send her the airline tickets.  Then, Mike called his father and invited him as well.  His father promised him that he would be there.  Mike talked to his father for a while and before he ended the phone call, Mike asked his father why he and his mother had named him Michael Jones Howard.  When Mike ended he call, he was a little freaked out by his dad’s answer to his question.
When Mike arrived at Mickey’s house, the house was already filled with laughter and conversation.  Besides Mickey and his wife Libby, there were Mickey’s parents; Mike Sr. and Barbara, his grandparents; Bill and Vicky, his son Mike III, Mickey’s brother Jack, sister-in-law Becky and their son Gary, Mickey’s sister Kathy, Brother-in-law Steve and their daughter Angela.
When Angela introduced Mike to her great-grandparents, Mike, Bill and Vicky all had to pretend that they were meeting for the first time, which was difficult for Mike, considering that he had been in love with Vicky two years earlier, and also the fact that he was now in love with Vicky’s great-granddaughter.  When Gary walked up to Mike, he used it to his advantage, and he went to talk with Gary for a while. 
When it came time to sit down for Thanksgiving dinner, Mike Sr. asked his father to give the traditional family toast.  But, Bill had another idea.  He suggested that their guest, Mike Howard give the toast.
Mike was caught off guard, but when everybody agreed with Bill, Mike suddenly became calm, as he looked around the room.  He knew everybody there and he considered them his family.  He raised his glass of wine and began the toast; “To all of you, family and friends alike.  The love and friendship in this room is a rare and beautiful thing.  Here’s to remembering the past, enjoying the present and planning for the future.”  After everybody took a sip of their drink, Mike continued speaking; “I have a big surprise for all of you, but you will have to wait until Monday December 15th.  Every one of you is invited to All That Jazz.  We will start the festivities at three o’clock p.m. sharp.  Don’t be late.  It will be an afternoon to remember.  In fact, it will blow your mind.”
As everybody began to pass the food around the table, Angela took the platter of turkey and was about to put some white meat on Mike’s plate, when Vicky said; “No dear, Mike prefers dark meat.”
“How would you know, Nana?” asked Angela, “you just met him.”
“Just intuition, I guess,” said Vicky.
“Well, Mike?” asked Angela, “who’s right, me or Nana? Which is it, white or dark meat?”
Mike didn’t want to choose a side, so he thought quickly and replied, “I like them both the same.”  And when Angela wasn’t looking, he winked at Vicky.
After dinner, Mike and four generations of the Jones family; Bill, Mike, Mickey, Mike III and Gary played several jazz tunes late into the evening.  Mike made them all promise to play for the club’s grand re-opening.
Before Mike left that evening, He told Mickey that he would be out of town for a day or two, to take care of some personal business.
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Early the next morning, Mike started on his road trip to Sharon, Vermont, where he hoped to meet his paternal grandparents, who until recently, he thought had died in a car accident before he was born.  It had not been easy to locate Tom and Agnes Howard, at first, because when Mike searched for them, he could find not Tom and Agnes who had given birth to a boy named Dennis Thomas Howard.  So Mike began with his parents’ marriage records.  When he entered the date of their wedding, he located a marriage record for that day, but it listed the bride and groom as Joyce Ann Hunter and Thomas Kevin Howard Jr.   When Mike searched for a birth record for Thomas Kevin Howard, it listed his parents as Thomas Howard Sr. and Agnes Howard.  It listed the date of birth as July 6th, 1960, which Mike thought was strange, since his dad always celebrated his birthday on June 16th.  
Mike realized that his father legally changed his name and changed his birthdate, so that his parents could never find him.  Mike also realized that his father must have been very angry with his parents to disapprove of his career and his wife.
Mike thought about calling his grandparents, when he tracked down their address and phone number on the internet, but he decided that what he had to say needed to be said in person.
When Mike reached the city of Sharon, It only took a few minutes to find the address.  Mike parked his car in front of the house and walked up to the front door.  He rang the doorbell and a moment later, the door was opened by an elderly gentleman.  Mike could immediately see the family resemblance.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“Are you Thomas Howard?” asked Mike
“Yes, I am,” he replied “How may I help you?”  By this time, his wife was also standing by the door.
“Do you have a son named Thomas Kevin Howard Jr.?” asked Mike
When Mr. Howard remained silent, his wife spoke up, “Yes we do,” she said, “but we haven’t seen him in almost thirty years.  We tried searching for him, but he seemed to fall off the face of the earth.”
“That’s because he changed his name and date of birth,” said Mike.  “For the past thirty years or so, he has gone by the name of Dennis Thomas Howard.  He and Joyce Hunter were married for eleven years before getting divorced.”
“How do you know him?” asked Mr. Howard.
“He is my father,” said Mike.  “I only found out that you were still alive a few days ago.  I was always told that you died in a car accident before I was born.  I can’t go into details right now, but it is very important that I reunite you and my father.  I would like to invite you to a jazz club in New York City, called All That Jazz, for its 75th anniversary celebration.  I need for you to be at my apartment at noon on December 15th.  It is very important to me that you be there.
“Do you live in New York City?” asked Mr. Howard
“I’ve lived there for the past two years,” said Mike.  “I also attended Julliard School of Music for six years.  Before that, I grew up in Chicago.”
“You’re not driving back to New York tonight, are you?” asked Mrs. Howard
“I was planning on staying at a hotel tonight, and then heading back first thing in the morning,” said Mike.
“You are not staying at a hotel,” said Mrs. Howard.  You will stay with us for the night and I will not take no for an answer.”
Mike went out to his car to get his overnight bag and his saxophone.  After his grandmother showed him to the guest room, to stow his things, she led him back into the living room to talk with his grandfather while she prepared dinner.
There was awkward silence for a moment and then Mike suddenly broke the tension by asking, “So, what did you and my father fight about, that made him cut you completely out of his life?”
“Your grandmother and I did something really foolish,” said Mr. Howard.  “Your father wanted to play jazz music for a living, and we disapproved.  We also disapproved of the woman he planned to marry.  We were quite wealthy and we thought that she wanted to marry our son just to get her hands on our money.  She came from a working class family.”
Tom could see that his grandson was getting angry, and he quickly continued.  “But, we were wrong about everything.  We realized that too late, after we lost our son.  We tried to find him, but all we found were dead ends.  I know that that doesn’t change things, but we have tried to atone for our selfish ways.  For the past several years, we have spent our time and money helping those less fortunate than ourselves.”
Mike forgave his grandparents, but he insisted that they needed to make peace with his parents.  They promised that they would be at Mike’s apartment on December 15th.
“I noticed that you brought in an instrument case,” said Mr. Howard.  “What instrument do you play?”
“Well, I play five instruments, but the one I keep with me at all times is my saxophone,” said Mike
“Are you in a band?” asked Tom.  “Are you a professional musician?”
“Yes, I am in a band,” said Mike, “and yes, I consider myself a professional musician, but my career is in musical education.  I have been teaching music to middle school students.  I am also in a jazz band called Blues Rhapsody.  The band plays in the All That Jazz club in New York City.”  
After dinner, Tom asked Mike if he could play something for them.  When Mike came back into the room with his saxophone, he saw that Tom was also holding one.
“You play too?” asked Mike.
“Only as a hobby,” said Tom.  “My father was a professional musician, and my mother didn’t want me to turn out like him. She pressured me to go to college and have a normal job.  I’ve had a good life.  After college, I attended law school and became a lawyer.  Everything turned out for the best, as I loved being a lawyer and it gave us a good life.”
Mike began playing and after the first song, both of his grandparents told him that he was very good.  Tom and his grandson played several more songs together and Mike realized that his grandfather was also very good.  When Tom asked Mike the age of his saxophone, Mike told him that it was at least ninety years old and used to belong to one of the greatest jazz musicians of the 1930’s, a guy named Happy Jack Carmichael.
Tom’s eyes lit up when he heard the name.  “I saw him play once, when I was a boy,” he said.  “As I said, my father was a professional musician.  He played the trombone and the saxophone.  One evening, my father took me to see Happy Jack play.  I think the club was called the Blue Trumpet.  Anyway, I was around ten years old at the time.  Happy Jack had seen my dad play, and he asked him to play a few songs with the band that night.  I sat at one of the tables with a guy named Sonny.  In fact, it was Sonny who told me that I didn’t have to be a professional musician to enjoy playing the saxophone.  He was the first person who encouraged me to study hard and go for my dream of becoming a lawyer.  He even let me play his saxophone for a little bit.”
Mike didn’t say a word.  He was in shock.  He remembered playing with that boy back in 1938.  Mike not only got to meet his grandfather as a boy, but he played jazz alongside his great-grandfather.
“Was your father “Blue Eyes Howard?” asked Mike.
“That was his stage name,” said Tom.  “His real name was Dennis Thomas Howard.  You’ve heard of him?”
“Yes,” said Mike.  “At Julliard, I studied the history of Jazz in great detail. Did my father like him a lot?”
“Yes,” said Tom.  He idolized his grandfather, which is probably why he took his name as his own.  Your father was almost as good as his grandfather.  Does he still play jazz?”
“He still plays jazz sometimes,” said Mike, but mostly he plays rock and roll music.  He plays back-up for different artists, but mostly, he plays in studios for soundtracks of albums.  But, occasionally, he still plays on stage.
It was late when Mike finally turned in for the night.  The next morning, after a wonderful breakfast, Mike said goodbye to his grandparents.  He made them promise not to contact his parents before going to New York City in December.  Mike was afraid that his parents might not show up if they knew that his grandparents would be there.
Before he left, just to mess with his mind, Mike mussed his grandfather’s hair and said, “You behave yourself, Tommy.”  The look on Tom’s face was priceless.  Mike knew that his grandfather remembered Sonny doing the same thing before he left the club some seventy-six years earlier.
Chapter Forty
While driving back from Vermont, Mike called Angela and asked her if she could meet him for dinner that evening.  She quickly agreed, and Mike told her that he missed her very much and that he loved her more than she could imagine.
That evening, Mike and Angela went to a quiet restaurant and Mike asked the hostess for a private table where and Angela could have a quiet, peaceful dinner.  Throughout dinner, Mike could not take his eyes off of Angela.  She was so beautiful and Mike was deeply, passionately in love with her.  He told her that he loved her more that anyone that he had ever loved in his life.  As the night ended, Mike told Angela that he wouldn’t be able to spend much time with her over the next couple of weeks, as he was behind schedule and there was still much work to be done on the club to get it ready for the anniversary celebration.
Once the security cases had been installed on the walls around the perimeter of the club, Mike asked the kitchen staff to come to the club to do a deep cleaning and help him get the club ready for the Health Department inspection.  A week later, the club was inspected and passes with flying colors.  Mike began restocking the bar and placed the food order to be delivered the day before the grand re-opening.
Mike had done extensive research, to locate enough antique glassware, and dishes and flatware for the club.  They were from the 1930’s.  Mike had electricians install the chandeliers throughout the club and the next day, he and some of the workers that he had hired began bringing the refurbished tables and chairs down from the attic.  When they were placed around the club, and after the workers had gone, Mike began placing the fine linen tablecloths on the tables.  
With one week to go, Mike began bringing stuff up from the basement to fill the cases with.  While he was going through the things in the basement, he found the fancy porcelain china and silverware that he had purchased in 1939 along with the rest of his apartment contents.  Those would later be moved to his new apartment.  He also found the suit with the hidden zipper pockets, which explained why the suit he wore on the train to return to the year 2012, didn’t have those secret pockets.  He was wearing a suit that he had purchased I 1938.
As Mike began filling the display cases with souvenirs from the 1939 World’s Fair, and the comic books and all of the other things he had purchased from the past, his remaining memories began returning.  
When he found the crate of painting and drawings, he went to an art gallery gift shop to purchase frames that would go with the artwork.  When everything was framed, he hung the artwork throughout the club.
At one end of the club, at the back of the stage, Mike had installed a giant video screen that was hooked up to a computer system so that movies and videos and photos could be shown on the screen with a push of a button.  The system had an enormous hard drive, and Mike uploaded all of the photos and home movies that he had taken in the past onto the computer.
The week flew by, and on Sunday, December 14th, the club was finally ready for the grand re-opening.  On Monday, Mike’s family and friends would arrive and that’s when Mike would reveal his secret to everyone.  But, on Sunday evening, Mike asked Angela to meet him at his apartment for dinner.  He wanted her to be the first to learn about his trip into the past. 
When Angela saw the antique china, crystal and silverware on the table, she asked Mike where he got them.  She thought they were beautiful.  Mike told her that he had bought them a few years earlier.  
After a wonderful dinner, Mike began telling Angela about his experiences with time travel, and the time he spent in the past.  During the entire time he was explaining everything to Angela, she remained silent.  When he finished, he said; “Go ahead, Angie,” he said.  “Say it.  I’m certifiably insane and should be committed.”
“No, Mike,” said Angela, “you have never lied to me before, and as impossible as your story sounds, I believe you.  I remember my great grandmother talking when I was a small girl.  She talked about the first love of her life, before she married my great grandfather.  She told me how much she loved him and that those were the happiest two years of her life.  She told me that the man had to leave one day and she never heard from him again.  When I asked her why she wasn’t sad, I’ll never forget what she said.  She said that she would see him again one day.  At the time, I thought that she meant when she went to Heaven, but now I know that she was actually talking about you and her meeting again in the future.”
“I hope you’re not angry with me for not telling about you sooner,” said Mike.  “For the first year or so, my memories were suppressed and then when I began remembering everything, I had to wait for the right time to tell you.  I will tell everybody else tomorrow.”
Angela assured Mike that she still loved him, maybe even more than before, even though she was a little freaked out that he had been in love with her great-grandmother.  Mike told Angela that he wanted her to be the first person to see the club since it had been remodeled.  
When they walked into the club, Angela was speechless.  She told Mike that it was like stepping back in time.  She loved everything; from the antique chandeliers to the polished wooden floor, to the antique tables, chairs and bar.  As she began looking at all of the items in the display cases, she was fascinated by its historical value, not to mention the monetary value.  
When Angela saw the artwork in the club, she got very excited.  “Where did you get these paintings and drawings?” she asked.  
I got them from the artist himself.  It was his way of thanking me for a favor I did for him.”
“You met him in person?” asked Angela.
“It’s no big deal,” said Mike.  “He was just some local New York artist back in 1939.”
“Mike,” said Angela, “this artwork was done by Jackson Pollock.”
“No,” said Mike, “The guy who gave these to me, was named Paul.”
“Yes,” said Angela.  “His full name was Paul Jackson Pollock.  You could sell these for a fortune.”
“I will never sell them,” said Mike.  “These were given to me as a gift for helping out someone who needed it.”
Chapter Forty-One
On Monday morning, Mike was up very early.  He cleaned his apartment and made some appetizers.  It was a very special day for many reasons.  At eight o’clock, Angela arrived.  She had volunteered to help him make lunch for his family who would all arrive by noon.
Mike’s mother and grandmother were the first to arrive.  They arrived by taxi at ten o’clock.  Thirty minutes later, there was a knock at the door.  Before Mike answered it, he spoke to his mother and grandmother; “I want you both to remember, that we are all adults, and I expect you both to act like it.”
Joyce and Alice exchanged curious glances with each other, as to what Mike meant.  But, they soon understood what he meant when Mike opened the door.  Mike’s father walked into the apartment, and was just as surprised to see them as they were to see him.  Joyce and Dennis had not seen each other, since Dennis walked out on his family some twenty years earlier.  There was some awkward silence followed by awkward polite conversation.
When Mike and Angela went into the kitchen to check on lunch, Dennis began fumbling for words.  He took a deep breath, and then began to speak; “Joyce, I know that this is too little, too late, but I want to apologize for being a selfish jerk for all of these years.  I have no excuse, other than I put myself ahead of you and Michael.”  Then, Dennis turned to Alice and said; “I also want to apologize to you, Alice.  When I married your daughter, I promised you that I would always take good care of her.  I failed at that and didn’t keep my promise.  I am so sorry.  I hope that someday, both of you can forgive me.”  Then he added, “Both of you did an excellent job of raising Mike.  When I first saw him a few years back, I apologized to him for abandoning both of you.  He very graciously accepted my apology and then proceeded to tell me that I was the one who had missed out on so much.  He told me about all the good times you had together.  I felt about one inch tall. I felt even more ashamed of myself then I did before.  That was why I couldn’t bring myself to apologize to you sooner.”
About that time, Mike and Angela returned.  Mike had heard part of the conversation and knew that it was the right time for his big announcement.
“Hey, Dad,” said Mike, I have some great news.  Remember, when you told me that your parents were killed in a car accident a long time ago?  Well, guess what?  It turns out that they weren’t even in that car.  They had witnessed a crime committed by organized crime and when they testified, they were put in the witness protection program.  Isn’t that great?  Your parents are still alive.”
Dennis, Joyce and Alice all looked at one another, not saying anything, for a moment.  Finally, Dennis began to speak.  “Look, Mike,” he said, the thing is that we just told you that they were killed in a car accident, so that you wouldn’t ask questions about them.  The truth is that they didn’t approve of me playing in a band, and they didn’t think that your mother was good enough for me.  So, your mother and I eloped and moved far away from them.  I changed my name and birthdate so that they couldn’t find me.  I considered them dead to me at that point.  Your mother and I made up the story so that you would never look for hem or ask about them.”
“Don’t be angry with your father,” said Joyce.  “We were just trying to protect you.”
“Oh, don’t worry Mom,” said Mike.  “I’m not angry with you or Dad, or Grandma for that matter, for lying to me, my entire life, although it would have been nice if you had told me the truth when I turned eighteen.”
Mike was interrupted by a knock at the door.  Before Mike opened the door, he said, “I located your parents, Dad.  They live in Vermont and they have come here to settle things once and for all.”
Mike opened the door and welcomed his paternal grandparents into the apartment.  Tom and Agnes walked over to Dennis and Joyce ant told them that they had been wrong about everything and because of their stupidity; they had missed out on so over the past decades that they were apart.  Because of their stubbornness, they let Dennis and Joyce walk out of their life, and they missed out on watching Mike grow up.  They apologized for everything and asked for forgiveness.  Soon, the four adults were hugging and over the next hour or so, they all filled each other in on how their lives gone over the years they had spent apart.
While the four of them talked, Alice sat quietly, taking it all in.  When she did speak, it was to her grandson.  “Mike, how did you discover that your grandparents were alive and how did you find out where they were living?”
“Your mother told me, in a dream one night,” said Mike.  “She also told me the truth about your father.  She told me that she became upset that he was on the road so much and she was jealous that he was traveling around the country, seeing new places.  She told you that your father had walked out on you, but the truth was that she took you and moved to Chicago, without leaving any way for your father to find you.  She told me to tell you that she lied to you all those years.  She told me that your resentment for your father has eaten away at you over the years and has made you bitter.” 
Alice was quiet.  She didn’t want to believe her grandson.  But then, Mike added that Great-Grandma Brown told him that she wrote a letter to Alice before she died and that it was under the lining of a hat box in her closet.
“Why didn’t she tell me in person?” asked Alice.
“Because she didn’t want you to hate her like you did your father all those years,” said Mike.  “She planned to tell you about the hidden letter on her deathbed, but when the time came, she had other things on her mid.  She told me that over the years you have tried to throw out that pink hat box, but her spirit would whisper to you, telling you to hold onto it.  Your subconscious mind must have heard the whisper, because that box is still on the shelf of the closet.”
When Mike mentioned the ‘pink hat box’, Alice knew that he was telling the truth and that her mother had been speaking to her, through Mike’s dream.  Alice had mixed feelings.  She was angry and hurt that her mother had lied to her for all those years, and she felt guilty for resenting her father her entire life.  Mike could see that his grandmother was upset, and he put his arms around her and said; “Let it go, Grandma.  Let go of all the anger and guilt.  Both of your parents are now in a better place and one day you will be reunited with them.  But now you know that they both loved you very much.  Forgive them and forgive yourself.”
Alice suddenly felt a wave of peace and serenity fill her body, as the anger and guilt vanished.  Her heart felt a lot lighter and she felt happier than she had in a very long time.  “How can I ever thank you, Mike?” she asked her grandson.  “You are a remarkable young man.”  Then, Alice looked at Angela and told her; “If I were you, my dear, I would hold onto Mike very tightly and never let him go.  You will never find a better man.”
“Mike is even more remarkable than you know,” said Angela.  “You will find that out this afternoon.”  Mike gave Angela a stern glance, and she didn’t say another word.
Chapter Forty-Two
All through lunch, Mike was pleased that everybody was getting along and were being polite and courteous to each other.  His parents were talking to each other, and Mike’s dad was talking to his parents.
By two o’clock, everybody was finished eating, and ready to go to All That Jazz.  The seven adults got Into Mike’s and Angela’s cars, and drove to the club.  They were the first to arrive, but soon afterwards, the rest of the guests began to arrive, including Angela’s parents, both sets of grandparents and her four great-grandparents, Gary and his parents, and Mickey with wife and son.
Just as they were about to enter the club, a police cruiser pulled up.  An officer got out and in his hand, was a music case that looked familiar.  The officer told Mike that they caught the guys who had been breaking into several businesses in the area over several months.  Mike’s saxophone was one of the stolen items that they were able to recover.  Mike thanked the officer and asked Gary to hold onto the saxophone for him.
When Mike opened the door to the jazz club, everybody saw a blue ribbon stretching across the doorway.  Mike picked up a large pair of gold colored scissors and asked Bill if he would like to cut the ribbon, as one of the founding members of the band and the owner of the club.  Bill insisted that Mike cut the ribbon with him.  Mike agreed and said that he wanted to say a few words.
“We dedicate All That Jazz, on the eve of its seventy-fifth anniversary,” said Mike, “and in doing so, we remember and honor the original members of Blues Rhapsody.”  Mike and Bill cut the ribbon, and Mike used a remote switch to turn the lights, and he led the group into the club.  
As they walked in, Bill and Vicky told Mike that it was like stepping back it time.  They said that the remodeled club looked just like it did back in 1939.  Everybody began wandering around the club, each person drawn to a different part of the club.  Alice was looking at the cases filled with souvenirs from the 1939 World’s Fair.  Mike senior and his wife were impressed with all movie posters, especially the autographed ones from Gone with the Wind, and The Wizard of Oz, as well as the close up photos of the cast and crew from the movies.  Bill and Vicky loved looking at the old cameras, radios, telephones and televisions.  
Angela’s parents were intrigued with all of the autographed first edition books, including several valuable children’s books printed before 1941, as well as the toys, games and dolls, such as Lincoln logs, books of paper dolls and early versions of games like Monopoly.
Gary and Mickey’s son Mike were going crazy when they saw the collection of comic books, especially the first issues of Batman, Superman and the first issue of Action Comics. Mike III told Gary that they had to be reproductions, since the originals in mint condition would be worth millions.  Mike Howard walked by at that moment and told them that they were indeed originals and that was why they were in locked cases.
After everyone had taken the grand tour, Mike directed them to the tables in front of the stage and asked everyone to be seated.  That was when Mike began to tell them his story.
“What I am about to tell you, is a true story, though you may think that I have completely lost my mind,” said Mike.  “On June 9th, 2012, I boarded a train in Chicago, headed to New York City.  During that trip, there was an electrical storm.  I dozed off, and when I awoke, it was much later.  Not an hour later, but years earlier.  I immediately noticed that the train was much older than before.  I soon discovered that the year was 1938.   I didn’t know how or why, but I had been transported back seventy-five years into the past.  I decided to make the most of my trip to the past.  I lived in New York City from June 9th, 1938 to June 9th, 1940.”
As Mike looked around the room, he knew that only three people believed him; Bill, Vicky and Angela.  “I see that there are several doubters in the room,” said Mike.  “I guess I will have to prove I am telling you the truth.”  Mike turned on the laptop in front of him and the giant screen on the stage came on as well.
“Grandma?” asked Mike, “do you remember the time you got lost at the World’s Fair?  Do you remember how your grandparents found you?”  Suddenly a photo appeared on the screen, showing a large balloon with Alice’s name written on it, followed by more photos of ten year old Alice standing with her grandparents, and her twenty-four old grandson.
More photos began to appear on the big screen.  “Gary, do you recognize these two children?” asked Mike.  “Those are your great grandparents; Ben Anderson and Lucy Garrett.”  Then Mike turned to Ben and Lucy who were in their mid-eighties and asked; “Are you still looking out for each other, keeping an eye on each other?  Are you still best friends?”
Mike began showing photos of the original members of Blues Rhapsody and explained how the band and the club got their names.  When Tom Howard saw the photo of Mike, he recognized him as Sonny, who had helped him with his homework and gave him advice.
At one point, Alice asked her grandson to go back to a previous photo.  When Mike stopped at the photo of Jack, Alice pointed to the screen and said; “That’s my father.”
“Your father was Happy Jack Carmichael?” asked Mike, not believing his ears.  “You are the ‘Lizzie’ that he was always talking about?”
“My full name is Alice Elizabeth Carmichael Brown Hunter,” said Alice.  “Brown was my stepfather’s name.   Everybody called me Alice except for Papa.  He always called me Lizzie.”
“Grandma,” said Mike.  “That day at the World’s Fair, not five minutes after you and your grandparents went on your way, Jack showed up to tell me that we had a chance to play jazz at the fair.  You missed him by minutes.  If I had only known, I could have reunited the two of you.  I’m so sorry.”
Mike suddenly remembered something.  He handed his car keys to Gary and asked him to get his saxophone case from the trunk of his car.  When Gary returned with the case, Mike opened it, and after removing the saxophone, he removed he envelope from underneath the lining.  As he handed the envelope to his grandmother, he said; “This was Jack’s saxophone.  He took it wherever he went.  Recently, I found this letter hidden under the lining of the case.”
Alice took the envelope and after looking at the photo, she read the letter out loud.  When she finished, she held the letter to her chest and began to cry.  Mike held his grandmother and told her that Jack loved her very much and thought about her every day.  When Alice asked when Jack died, Bill told her how he died during the D-Day invasion at Normandy in 1944.  Bill told Alice that Jack was thinking of her as he took his last breath.  Vicky told Alice that her father was a hero and that she still had all of his medals and promised to mail them to her when they returned to Florida.
Chapter Forty-Three
By this time, almost everyone believed that Mike had traveled back in time.  Mike Jones Sr. still had some doubts.  He looked at Vicky and asked; “Mom, do you really believe all of this?”
“Yes, I do,” said Vicky.  “I not only knew Mike during those two years, but I was in love with him, and he was in love with me.  Of course, this was before your father and I fell in love.”
“Is that why you named me Michael Howard Jones?” asked Mike Sr., “because he was your fist boyfriend?”
“No,” said Vicky, “We named you after him because he was a very dear friend to your father and I.  If it weren’t for Mike, you wouldn’t be here.”
“You mean he is my father?” asked Mike Sr.
“Don’t be silly,” said Vicky.  Mike saved your father’s life.”  And Vicky proceeded to tell her family about the robbery on that dark street several decades earlier.”
“Mr. Jones,” Mike said to Mike Sr.,  “you might be interested to know that my father was a big fan of your music when he was just starting out in the music profession, and that’s why he named me ‘Michael Jones Howard.  You were named after me, and I was named after you.”
“You were also named after Mike,” Lucy Anderson told Garrett.  “If Mike hadn’t pulled us out of the Hudson River and given me mouth to mouth resuscitation, which didn’t exist back then, you would never have been born.  That’s why Michael is your middle name.”
Even though everybody in the room believed Mike’s story, they still found it hard to comprehend.  Mike showed them a few hundred more photos and then began showing them some of the home movies he and Vicky had taken.  They had the unique opportunity to see the original members of Blues Rhapsody play their music.  They were also to see and hear Vicky sing with the band.  Angela told her great-grandmother that she had a beautiful voice.
They saw highlights of other movies that Mike and Vicky had filmed, including the performances of other jazz legends, the cast part of Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz, and the filming of the 1940 Academy Awards.  They especially enjoyed seeing Mike posing with the king and queen of Great Britain.
At seven o’clock that evening, several pizzas arrived at the club.  Mike had ordered them ahead of time for dinner.  While everybody ate, Mike explained that a lot of the items he had purchased in the past would be permanently displayed in the club, but that he had a lot of duplicate items that could be auctioned off or sold, at a later date, to help raise money for the music and art programs in the New York City schools.  As an example, he told them that he had purchased between ten and twenty of each comic book published between 1938 and 1940, including the Superman and Batman comics that were worth hundreds of thousands of dollars each.  He also told them about the 200 plus old movie posters he had found in the attic that were very valuable as well.
Mike informed everybody who didn’t already know that he had not been teaching Music during the current school year, due to budget cuts at the schools.  He also explained about all of the stocks that he owned that he had found or had purchased.  Mike told everyone that all of the profits he made would go towards the art and music programs and other programs in the city that helped children.
Mike also told them about the phone call he had received two days earlier from the school board president.  They decided that to save the music and art programs, that they would charge each student wishing to take part in the programs, be charged an annual fee to help defray the costs to the school.  Mike mentioned that they had taken his advice and that it would be the same fee policy for all athletic programs as well.  Mike further stated that he would help pay the art and music fees for those families who couldn’t pay.
“There are some larger items in storage which can also be auctioned off at a later date when needed,” said Mike, “but I can’t show you them right now, because they are stored in the underground garage, and unfortunately the access to the garage now has a cement parking lot covering it.”  Mike explained how he had bricked up the entrance and had filled in the ramp with dirt before he left.
“What items are down there?” asked Gary, who was very excited by everything he had seen and heard so far.
Mike began showing photos on the big screen of the items which included several antique bicycles, and motorcycles, including a 1939 BMW motorcycle, a 1939 Brough Superior motorcycle, a 1915 Cyclone motorcycle, a 1940 Crocker motorcycle and a few more purchased between 1938 and 1940.  Each of the motorcycles was in mint condition and was worth between 200-500,000 dollars.  The last photo was the only car that Mike had purchased.  It was a 1937 Mercedes Benz 540 K Special Roadster, Imported from Europe, and was worth between 3-4 million dollars.  All of the adults were amazed at what they saw.  
Mike noticed that several people had taken an interest in the paintings and drawings throughout the club, and he decided to talk about them.  “Some of you have noticed the artwork in the club.  They were given to me by a man who I helped with something.  I knew him as Paul, but Angela told me that this artwork was done by Paul Jackson Pollock.  As I have told her, these will never be sold.
Chapter Forty-Four
Mike handed his grandmother a wrapped present and said, “I know your birthday isn’t until tomorrow, but here is your first early present.  Happy 85th Birthday.”  Alice opened the present and found a first edition of her favorite book, ‘The Grapes of Wrath’ by John Steinbeck.  Mike could tell that she loved it.  “Open it up,” said Mike.  
Alice carefully opened the book and saw the inscription and read it aloud; “To Alice Hunter, my biggest fan, for your eighty-fifth birthday, ‘John Steinbeck’.
By this time, Mike and Gary had brought several large boxes and placed them near Alice’s chair.  “Before you open the rest of your presents, Grandma,” said Mike, “I have a very special gift for a very special person.  I have only loved two women in my life.  The first one was Vicky, and due to circumstances beyond my control, I lost her.  The other woman is Angela, whom I love more than life itself.  I will not her get away.”  Mike walked over to Angela, knelt down in front of her and opened up a small wooden box, and said; “Angela Victoria Smith, will you make the happiest man in the world by becoming my wife?  Will you marry me?”
Angela wrapped her arms around Mike and kissed him.  “Yes, I will marry you.  Yes, yes, yes!!!”
Mike placed a ring on her finger and it fit perfectly.  It was a gold ring with a diamond in the center and two rubies on either side.  As Angela looked at the ring she fell in love with it.  “Where did you find this, Mike?” she asked.  “It’s beautiful.”
“Well now, that’s an interesting story,” said Mike.  That ring was given to me by Elizabeth Whipple, your great-great-great-great-grandmother, on Thanksgiving Day, 1939.  She knew how much Vicky and I loved each other and she wanted me to give it to her when I proposed.  I asked Vicky if I could give it to you, and she insisted.  This ring has been in your family since the late 1500’s and has been passed down through the generations.”
Over the next several minutes, Mike and Angela were hugged and congratulated by their families.  Bill told Mike that although he would always think of Mike as a good friend, he could get used to him being his great-grandson, and he welcomed him into the family.
Mike saw Gary sitting off by himself and feeling left out, so he went over to talk to him.  “Gary,” said Mike, “I want to give you something.  Since the police found my saxophone, I now have two of them.  I will keep the one that used to belong to Happy Jack, my great-grandfather, and I want you to have the other one.  I used it while I attended Julliard and it brought me a great deal of luck and pleasure.  Hopefully, it will do the same for you.”  Gary thanked Mike over and over again, and promised to take very good car of it.
Mike walked over to where his grandmother was sitting and told her; “Now, it’s time to open the rest of your gifts.” Mike placed one box on a low table, so that Alice wouldn’t have to stoop over to open it.  When Alice opened the box, she saw that it was filled with dozens of manila envelopes addressed to Mike, all postmarked 1940. She opened the first one and pulled out an autographed photo of Clark Gable.  The picture was inscribed; ‘Happy eighty-fifth birthday, Alice, all my love, Clark Gable.’  She also saw a letter in the envelope, and read it aloud; “Dear Alice, You should be very proud of your grandson.  He is a remarkable young man and a true friend.  Not every guy would give his pants to help a friend in need.”  The letter was signed; “Clark Gable”.
When everybody looked puzzled by the letter, Mike explained how he and Vicky found Clark Gable and Carole Lombard on a deserted road and gave them a ride to the Academy Awards, not to mention his pants.
Alice opened more envelopes and found autographed photos from Humphrey Bogart, John Wayne, Cary Grant, Walt Disney, Bette Davis, Spencer Tracy and even Ronald Reagan.  When Alice asked her grandson how he got all of the actors and actresses to send autographed photos, Mike told her that Mr. Gable had told his friends what Mike did for him, and the word spread fast.
Alice was not the only person interested in the photos.  Soon, Bill, Vicky, Lucy, Ben, Tom and Agnes began helping Alice look through the photos.  Since they were all on their eighties and nineties, they all knew the actors and actresses.  There were also signed photos from singers such as Frank Sinatra, Bing Crosby, Perry Como, Dinah Shore, Billie Holliday, Louis Armstrong, Thomas Dorsey and the Andrew Sisters.  Other famous people sent photos as well, such as Mahatma Gandhi, Winston Churchill, Pablo Picasso, Coco Chanel, Albert Einstein, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Babe Ruth, Joe Louis and Jesse Owens.  Alice was especially impressed by the autographed photos from the king and queen of Great Britain and President and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Mike had a personal collection of photos that she showed to everyone, but said that he would be keeping them for himself.  They were photos he had taken of him posing with U.S. presidents before they became president.  He had taken a few weeks off and traveled around the country.  He explained where each photo was taken.  He met John Kennedy at Harvard University, and Gerald Ford at Yale Law School.  He met Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan at a party after the 1940 Oscars.  He met Jimmy Carter at Plaines High School in Georgia, and George H.W. Bush at Phillips Academy in Massachusetts. He met Senator Harry Truman in Washington and Representative Lyndon Johnson in Texas when he was a state politician. With the help of Vice President Garner, he got to meet President Franklin Roosevelt, Lt. Colonel Dwight Eisenhower and former President Herbert Hoover.  Mike already had pictures of himself posing with President George W. Bush, President Bill Clinton and President Barrack Obama, when he met them while attending Julliard.
Chapter Forty-Five
Alice was overwhelmed by the hundreds of signed photos and told Mike that while she appreciated the thought, she would prefer that the photos remain at the jazz club to be admired by other people as well.  Mike agreed to her request and told her that he would find a way to display as many as possible.
While the older folks continued to look at the photos and reminisce, Mike noticed that Garrett Anderson was sitting off by himself.  He seemed to be worried about something.  Mike sat down with him and asked him if he was okay.  At first, Mr. Anderson didn’t want to talk about it, but eventually, he told Mike what was troubling him.  He was the CEO of Anderson Computer and his son Brian was the president of the company.  Brian had called his father, that morning, to tell him that an emergency stockholders meeting had been scheduled for two o’clock the next day.  
Garrett told Mike that he had recently sold off some of his personal stock in the company to help in buying out one of his smaller competitors.  He hoped to repurchase the stock after the merger, before anybody else could.  Garret told Mike that he originally owned fifty-two percent of the stock and he gave ten percent to his son, leaving him with forty-two percent.  He sold off another fifteen percent, leaving him with twenty-seven percent of the company.  Before Garrett could buy back the stock, somebody else beat him to it.  
Garrett was afraid that the other stockholders had banded together, to take controlling interest in the company.  For years, the other stockholders have been pressuring Garrett to cut benefits for the company’s employees, and cut the number of employees to increase profits and thereby increase dividends for the stockholders.  However, Garrett had refused to treat his employees that way.
“So, if I am correct, you and your son own thirty-seven percent of the company and the rest of the stockholders own the other sixty-three percent?’ asked Mike.
“No,” said Garrett, “the other stockholders have a total of thirty-eight percent of the stock.  Twenty-five percent of the stock has been unaccounted for over sixty years.  According to our company bylaws, we can’t reissue that stock.  So the other stockholders have controlling interest in the company, if they all unite against me and my son.”
”Have you told your parents about this?” asked Mike.
“I can’t do that,” said Garrett.  “They would be so disappointed with me.”
Mike suddenly remembered something.  He felt stupid that he hadn’t thought pf it sooner.  He told Garrett that he could help him.  He told Garrett that he had to do some research, but that he would meet him at the corporate offices before the meeting the next day.
The party didn’t end until after ten o’clock, that evening.  Gary helped Mike take the boxes of photos back down to the basement before they locked up the club.  Then, Mike and Angela drove his family back to his apartment, where they got in their own cars and drove to the hotel where Mike had reserved rooms for them.
Chapter Forty-Six
The next morning, Mike decided to meet with the lawyer who represented Anderson Computers.  On the way to his office, Mike drove by a church that looked very familiar.  He remembered it from his days at Julliard.  It was known as the church with the miracle roof, because it had been installed in 1940 and had lasted for over seventy years.  Mike now had all of his past memories restored, and he now knew that he had donated the money to repair the roof.  He decided that God was keeping a close eye on that church, so he decided to stop in and say a quick prayer for Garrett, and Anderson Computer.  
Mike pulled into the church parking lot, and walked into the church.  He spent twenty minutes praying and got up to leave.  As he was walking towards the exit, he was stopped by an elderly man.  “Do I know you?” asked the man.
“It’s possible,” said Mike.  “I’ve lived here for a few years.  What’s your name?”
“I’m Pastor Jim Maxwell,” said the man.  “I’m retired now, but I was pastor here from 1940 through 1985.  Now, I just watch over the church, as an unofficial caretaker.”
Mike smiled, “Do you still pray for the roof every week?” he asked.
“I pray for the church and the roof every day,” said Pastor Jim.  “How…?”
Pastor Jim started to ask.  He suddenly knew why Mike looked so familiar.  He knew him from 1940.  “How is it possible?” asked Pastor Jim.  “You look the same as you did when you gave me the money for the roof?”
“With God, all things are possible,” said Mike and he briefly explained what had happened to him.  He asked Pastor Jim to keep his secret.  Pastor Jim promised and gave Mike a hug.  He told him to stop by again when he had more time to talk.  
Mike drove to see the lawyer who represented Anderson Computer.  Roger Fitzgerald III was the third generation of his family to represent Anderson Computer.  His father and his grandfather and he had been representing the company since it was started in 1939.  
Mike explained to Mr. Fitzgerald what he hoped to accomplish.  Mr. Fitzgerald agreed that it could work.  When Roger took a close look at the stock certificate, he became intrigued when he saw that his grandfather’s signature was on the certificate as well as well as the signatures of John Garrett and Paul Anderson.  When he asked Mike where he got the stock, Mike told him that he would explain later. Mike told the lawyer that they had to get to the stock meeting before it was too late.
When Mike and Mr. Fitzgerald arrived at the corporate office of Anderson Computer, they hurried to the board room, where the meeting was already in progress.  When Mike entered the room, one of the top executives tried to keep him out, saying that the meeting was for stockholders only.  Mr. Fitzgerald said that Mike was with him, and they pushed past the man and took seats on either side of Garrett.  Garrett whispered to Mike and pointed out two of his top executives who he suspected had called the meeting; Craig Winters and Fred Vincent.  
All of the stockholders were present at the meeting.  There were approximately twenty-five people in the room.  Garrett reluctantly stood up and called the meeting to order.  Craig Winters stood up and began to speak; “I have called this emergency meeting because there are some changes that need to be made to the company.  In order to increase profits to the company and the stockholders, there are budget cuts that can and should be made.  Before you, you will find a breakdown of these cuts which are necessary.”
Mike looked at the paper that Garrett handed to him.  The recommended budget cuts included employee benefits, increasing the cost of employee health insurance and cutting the employees by twenty percent.
Garrett spoke to the stockholders, explaining his viewpoint and defended his policies which were in place to reward the employees in the company for their hard work and their loyalty.  He stressed that the employees needed to be treated fairly.
After Garrett sat down, Mr. Vincent stood up and called for a vote of the stockholders to choose another CEO of the company, and he personally recommended Craig Winters for the position.
Garrett and his son voted their thirty-seven percent with a no to the motion.  Then, one by one, the other stockholders began voting yes.  Once Mr. Winters and Mr. Vincent voted their shares, Garrett’s suspicions were confirmed.  They had purchased the fifteen shares that he had used to raise more money for his last merger.
The vote stood at thirty-eight percent for a new CEO and thirty-seven percent against.  Mr. Winters had a big grin on his face, thinking he had won, but then Mike stood up and said; “I would like to vote my shares against the motion.”
“You don’t have any shares,” said Mr. Winters.  “They are all accounted for.”
“Actually,” said Mike, “I own twenty-five percent of this company’s stock and combined with the stock of Garret and his son Brian, we own sixty-three percent of the company.  When Mr. Winters and Mr. Vincent saw the stock certificate, with Mike Howard’s name on it, they realized that it was the twenty-five percent that had been missing for over sixty years.  Before they could say anything, Mr. Fitzgerald told them that the stock had been validated as authentic, and that Mike was the legal owner of the stock.  
When it was certified that Garrett was still the CEO of the company, he stood up to address the stockholders.  He told them that the company had always treated its employees decently in its seventy-five year history and that it wouldn’t change.  He recommended that if any stockholder wasn’t satisfied with the dividends they were receiving, that they sell their stock and invest elsewhere.  Then, he informed Mr. Winters and Mr. Vincent that since they were not happy with the way he ran the company, their services were no longer needed.  He asked security to escort them from the premises.  
When Mr. Winters and Mr. Vincent remained sitting, Mike spoke up.  “Perhaps you didn’t understand Mr. Anderson,” he said.  “You are both fired.”  Security escorted them both from the building.
After the meeting ended, the other stockholders left the room.  Only Mike, Garrett, Brian and Mr. Fitzgerald remained.  “Where in the world did you get that stock from?” asked Garrett.
“From your grandparents,” said Mike.  But I didn’t know about it until a month ago.”  Mike showed Garrett and the others the letter that had accompanied the stock.  
After Garrett read the letter, he thanked Mike and said, “You saved the lives of my parents seventy-five years ago, and you saved my life today,” said Garrett.  “How can I ever thank you for that?”
“You just did,” said Mike.  “But the one you should be thanking is God, because he was the one who made it possible to travel back in time.  Besides, when I marry Angela, we will be family”.
Garrett informed Mike that there was a bank account where the dividends of his stock had been deposited over the years, which belonged to Mike.  He told Mike that the account had several million dollars in it.  Mike told Garrett that the money would be put to good use helping the youth of the neighborhoods around the club, as well to provide musical instruments to the elementary and middle schools.
Chapter Forty-Seven
It was four o’clock when Mike left the corporate office of Anderson Computer and headed to the club.  The grand opening was scheduled for six o’clock.  Mike had his suit in the car, and he planned to change at the club.  When he arrived, he found the rest of the staff and members of Blues Rhapsody getting ready for the big night.  The waiters and waitresses were all decked out in uniforms identical to the ones worn by the staff in 1939.  The band members were wearing suits identical to Mike’s, though his was authentic from the 1930’s.
After Mike had changed into his suit, he walked around the club and he actually felt like he was back in 1939.  Angela was the hostess for the evening, and was dressed like she stepped out of the 1930’s.  Mike was amazed at how much she looked like Vicky.
Besides the regular members of Blues Rhapsody, there were additional musicians as well.  Bill Davis, Mike Davis Sr., Mickey Davis and his son, Mike would also be playing their instruments, along with Mike Howard’s father Dennis, and Grandfather Tom, and Gary Anderson.
By five thirty, there was a crowd of people waiting outside the club.  At six o’clock, Mike and Angela opened the doors.  Mike and Mickey had agreed to waive the cover charges for the week of the grand opening, but Mike placed a large clear plastic container near the entrance, asking for donations to the middle and high school music and art programs.
By six fifteen, the club was packed and Mike had to start turning people away.  The plastic container was over flowing with paper currency, mostly tens and twenty’s but a few fifty’s and hundred’s.
The front tables were reserved for family and close friends.  Vicky sat at one of the tables with Mike’s mother and grandmother.  
Several people commented on the decorations and the items in the display cases.  They said that they felt like they had traveled back in time.
At Seven o’clock, the band was warmed up and was ready to begin playing.  Mike walked to the front of the stage to begin the celebration.  “Welcome, family, friends, fellow musicians and honored guests, to the beginning of our seventy-fifth anniversary week-long celebration,” he said.  “All That Jazz opened up seventy-five years ago today.  The jazz band that was the first to perform on this stage is here tonight.  The band has been performing here during all of these many years, with many of the members changing over the years.  Tonight, we have a special treat for you.  Several of the musicians from the Jones family are here tonight to perform for you.  Our very special guest musician is Bill ‘Pretty Boy’ Jones, one of the original members of Blues Rhapsody.  He is ninety-six years young and still going strong.  He and my great-grandfather, Happy Jack Carmichael where the two jazz musicians who started the band back in the 1930’s.  We hope you enjoy this special evening.”
After much applause, the band began playing several older jazz tunes from the 1930’s and 1940’s.  The club was filled with laughter and the audience loved the music. 
An hour into the evening, Mike had a surprise for a special couple.  He had reserved a table for Mr. and Mrs. Sam Porter and their children and grandchildren.  As the band began to play the tune, “I’ve Got you Under My Skin”, Mike told the guests that that song meant something extra special to two people in the club, as a spotlight landed on Sam and Sadie.  “Sam Porter and Sadie Johnson became engaged on the night this club opened, while this song played,” said Mike.   “They will celebrate their seventy-fifth wedding anniversary next summer.  I was going through some boxes in storage, and I found this.” Then, Mike directed everybody’s attention to the big screen, where he showed the movie footage of Sam proposing to Sadie, in 1939.  Mike could tell that Sam and Sadie were deeply moved by the footage, as were their family.  Then, Mike walked over to their table and handed Sam a DVD which had a copy of his proposal and said, “Congratulations Sam and Sadie.”  
Originally, the festivities were supposed to end at midnight, but because everybody was having such a good time, the music continued for another hour.  At one o’clock in the morning, Mike addressed his guests, “We would like to thank all of you for sharing this special evening with us, and helping us to celebrate our rich and colorful history.  Before our last song, I would like to have a moment of silence for all of the former members of Blues Rhapsody who have passed away and are now playing jazz in Heaven with the angels, especially Happy Jack.”
After a moment of silence, Mike introduced the last song of the evening.  “Blues Rhapsody has a tradition that we have kept for the past seventy-five years.  The last song of the night is a very special song written by the great Happy Jack Carmichael.  The song is titled ‘Lizzie’.”
When the song was over, the band received a standing ovation.  Mike looked down at his grandmother, and saw that she was crying, but they were tears of happiness.  She seemed happier than he had ever seen her before.
After the rest of the guests had left the club, Alice hugged her grandson and told him that she was very proud of the man that he had become and thanked him again for helping her to learn the truth about her father.
Chapter Forty-Eight
The festivities at the club continued all week long.  Several musicians from the area went to see Blues Rhapsody play, and to help support the movement to keep the music and art programs alive in the school system.
Over the next year, Mike saw his father and his grandparents frequently.  Mike’s parents were on friendly terms and had let go of the past.  Mike got his old job back at Jefferson Middle School, but even though he was teaching again, he still played jazz music with Blues Rhapsody and was very involved with the youth of the community.
Mike and Angela were married on December 16th, 2015, on Bill and Vicky’s seventy-fourth anniversary.  Bill was Mike’s best man and Vicky was Angela’s matron of honor.  The wedding took place at St. Michael’s Lutheran Church, also known as the church with the ‘miracle roof’.  The wedding was very extravagant, as Mike spared no expense in giving Angela the wedding of her dreams.  Mike and Angela rode to the reception in the 1937 Mercedes Benz Roadster.  Mike had decided not to sell it.  He only took it out on special occasions, and no occasion was more special than his wedding day.
Their wedding reception was held at All That Jazz, with the entertainment provided by Blues Rhapsody and the Jefferson Middle and Kennedy High School bands.  Mike and Angela danced all night long.  Later, they spent the night at one of the best hotels in the city.  The next morning, they left for a one week Jamaican cruise.  They decided to wait until school was out for the summer to take the real honeymoon, a two month trip around the world.
That night, while he slept, Mike was again visited by Jack.  Mike told Jack he missed him very much and that he would always treasure the two years that they spent together.  Mike told Jack that because of his trip back into the 1930’s, that his life was richer than he could ever have imagined.  He asked Jack to thank God for him and Mike promised Jack that he would spend the rest of his life helping others, especially children.
Mike asked Jack if he would ever see him again, and Jack replied, “we will be together again one day, but for now, just enjoy every day that you have on the earth, and make every moment of your life count.  I love you Mike.”
“I love you too, Grandpa Jack,” said Mike, and when he woke up the next morning, he felt a sense of calm and peace.  As he turned towards his new bride, he smiled.  Mike had all he needed, lying beside him.
In the weeks after the wedding, Mike was very busy.  He set up a meeting with Garrett, and tried to give his shares of Anderson Computer to him, but Garrett refused to accept them.  He told Mike that if he hadn’t saved the lives of his parents, decades earlier, then he wouldn’t even exist.  Garrett wouldn’t budge on his decision, but Mike convinced him to be his proxy for him and vote for him at stockholder meetings.  Mr. Fitzgerald wrote up the documents and told Mike that he would have to re-sign the documents every year, to keep it valid.  
Mike and Angela took the dividends from the Anderson stock, as well as the money from other stocks they sold, to set up a foundation to fund the music and art programs in New York City Public Schools.  Mike named the foundation, the Jack Carmichael Foundation.  
Mike and Angela continued to help the youth in the community as needed.  Mike continued to teach music, help manage the jazz club and of course play jazz with Blues Rhapsody as often as he could.  He was happier than he had ever been and he thanked God every day for his life, his family and his friends.
The End




