LORDS OF KOBOL
PRELUDE: OF GODS AND TITANS
By Edward T. Yeatts III

Published by Edward T. Yeatts III at Smashwords.  Copyright 2015 Edward T. Yeatts III.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution


Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AUTHOR'S NOTE
PREFACE
MAPS

I – CAESAR
II – BARAZ
III – AHLJAELA
IV – DONOVAN
V – THE MESSENGERS
VI – BARAZ
VII – CAESAR
VIII – AHLJAELA
IX – THE MESSENGERS
X – DONOVAN
XI – BARAZ
XII – CAESAR
XIII – THE MESSENGERS
XIV – VITELUS
XV – AHLJAELA
XVI – BARAZ
XVII – CAESAR
XVIII – THE MESSENGERS
XIX – OURANOS
XX – CAESAR
XXI – AHLJAELA
XXII – CRONUS
XXIII – DONOVAN
XXIV – CAESAR
XXV – THE MESSENGERS
XXVI – GAIA
XXVII – OURANOS
XXVIII – BARAZ
XXIX – DONOVAN
XXX – AHLJAELA
XXXI – OURANOS
XXXII – GAIA
XXXIII – CAESAR
XXXIV – CRONUS
XXXV – BARAZ
XXXVI – THE MESSENGERS
XXXVII – AHLJAELA
XXXVIII – CAESAR
XXXIX – CRONUS
XL – OURANOS
XLI – CAESAR
XLII – THE MESSENGERS
XLIII – CRONUS
XLIV – AHLJAELA
XLV – BARAZ
XLVI – CRONUS
XLVII – ZEUS
XLVIII – CAESAR
XLIX – BARAZ
L – THE MESSENGERS
LI – TITANS
LII – AHLJAELA
LIII – OURANOS
LIV – ZEUS
LV – AHLJAELA
LVI – CYCLOPS
LVII – CAESAR
LVIII – CRONUS
LIX – ZEUS
LX – CYCLOPS
LXI – CAESAR
LXII – THE MESSENGERS
LXIII – CRONUS
LXIV – ZEUS
LXV – CAESAR
LXVI – THE MESSENGERS
LXVII – ZEUS
LXVIII – CRONUS
LXIX – CAESAR
LXX – HEPHAESTUS
LXXI – THE MESSENGERS
LXXII – CRONUS
LXXIII – HERA
LXXIV – CAESAR
LXXV – POSEIDON
LXXVI – ZEUS
LXXVII – PSILONS
LXXVIII – CYLONS
LXXIX – LETO
LXXX – CAESAR
LXXXI – ZEUS
LXXXII – THE MESSENGERS
LXXXIII – GAIA
LXXXIV – CAESAR
LXXXV – AHLJAELA
LXXXVI – ARES
LXXXVII – CRONUS
LXXXVIII – CAESAR
LXXXIX – POSEIDON
XC – PROMETHEUS
XCI – THE MESSENGERS
XCII – ZEUS
XCIII – PROMETHEUS
XCIV – CAESAR
XCV – MNEMOSYNE
XCVI – TITANS
XCVII – THE MESSENGERS
XCVIII – LETO
XCIX – CAESAR
C – CYLONS
CI – PSILONS
CII – AHLJAELA
CIII – CAESAR
CIV – ZEUS
CV – THE MESSENGERS

COMING SOON

LORDS OF KOBOL - ALTERNATE: TALES OF ANCIENT DAYS

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:
AUTHOR'S NOTE

If you have not yet read Lords of Kobol – Book One, Two and Three, I strongly urge you to stop now and go download them.  Like this novel, they are free.
You may do so HERE.
Although Prelude is a prequel, it is not intended to be read before the trilogy.  It will draw upon characters and situations familiar to those who have read the previous books.

Thank you.

PREFACE: REGARDING THE TIMELINE …

To alleviate confusion, let us walk back through time to pinpoint the major events in Colonial, Kobollian and Larsan history.
Four years after the Colonies' destruction - A planet inhabited by prehistoric humans is named "Earth" and settled by the survivors of the Battlestar Galactica, the rebel Cylon Basestar, and the ragtag fleet.  
The Destruction of the Twelve Colonies - Occurs after a peace of about forty years.
Fifty-two years before the Colonies' destruction - The revolution of the Colonies' mechanical servants begins and lasts for twelve years.
About two thousand years before the Colonies' destruction - On Kobol, Cylons revolt, gods war among themselves and humans flee for what will become the Twelve Colonies.
About seven thousand, six hundred years before the Colonies' destruction - The Lords of Kobol descend Mount Olympus to assume godhood over humanity.
About twelve thousand, one hundred years before the Colonies' destruction - Zeus and his followers flee Larsa as the final Cylon attack ravages the planet.  This is the key chronological point alluded to at the heading of each chapter
About twelve thousand, two hundred-fifty years before the Colonies' destruction - Humanity is splintered and the Titans are born ...


I
CAESAR
162 Years Before the End

The noise was deafening.
He had only been awake for a few hours, yet he couldn't shut out the noise.  He finally regained his vision but the sounds were painful and distracting.
"Claude?" he said.  He wasn't sure if he actually spoke, so he said it again, louder, "Claude?!"
He heard footsteps.  Over the din in his mind, he heard the man running.  The door opened.  As with each sound that was made, now that Caesar looked, he saw every detail of every move Claude made.
"Yes, my lord?"  He started to speak before the door was even open fully.  He stepped two paces into the room.  His hands were clasped above his belt.  The finely attired young man's fingers were twitching.  Rubbing over each other.  Caesar heard his skin scrape.  A raw, rough noise that echoed in the room and shook the static that racked his ears.  
"Must you do that?" Caesar asked.
"I'm sorry, dominus."  Claude's eyes darted around.  He didn't seem to know where to look.
Damn it, Caesar thought.  He could hear the wet click of the boy's eyeballs as they moved in their sockets.
"Never mind," Caesar said.  He tried again to close his ears.  The sound lessened a bit.  "When will the doctor return?"
The attendant lowered his head.  "Some time yet, lord.  He said he would at dawn."
Caesar believed he sighed first and then said, "Bring him now."
"Of course, lord."  Claude bowed and began to back through the door.  He closed it slowly and carefully, but the snapping of the mechanism and the pressing of wood upon wood reverberated in his leader's mind.
Caesar tried again to shut his senses.  The noise dwindled.  The sights slowed.  Finally, after hours of pain, he had achieved some measure of peace.  He didn't want to think about anything.  He simply wanted to enjoy the moment.
Step, step, step …
His senses returned and a cacophony of chatter, clanking and footfalls broke through his concentration.  He looked and saw natural light had returned.  It was almost dawn.  He had rested for more than an hour.
"My lord," Claude said as he entered the room, "Doctors Aelianus and Donovan." 
A man and woman, dressed in their typical neck-to-toe blue smocks, walked into the room gingerly.  Two Praetorian Guards entered as well.  They swept to either side of the door and their rifles thunked against the plastic armor by their shoulders when they saluted.
The doctors circled Caesar and looked at him slowly.  The guards stood at attention but they were distracted.  Like Claude earlier, they didn't seem to be able to concentrate.  Their eyes noisily moved around the room.  They couldn't focus on any one thing for longer than a few moments.
Caesar tired of their shifting and he ordered, "Leave us."
One guard looked to the other and spoke, "Lord, are you certain?"
"Go."
They snapped to attention, their armor clinking again, and saluted with their fists above their hearts.  They turned, opened the door and left.  Caesar heard them stop just outside.
"Imperator," Donovan began, quietly, "how are you feeling?"
"The noise is unbearable.  I hear everything.  Footsteps floors away, a guard cracking his knuckles in another room, your quickened heartbeat, Doctor Aelianus."
"I am sorry," she whispered.
"Don't apologize," Caesar said.  "Fix it."
Donovan spoke, "We will do all we can."  He pulled a small device from his smock and held it against the leader's side.  "Your sight?"
"It is equally sensitive yet I am able to control it more easily."
"Good."  Donovan walked a bit more.  "Your sense of smell?"
Caesar had to think.  What was the last thing he smelled?  The incense being burned in his room … but that was days ago.  "I don't believe it's working."
"We'll look at it."
Aelianus held her hands behind her back, "How are you feeling?"
The leader felt a rush of anger.  "Have I not been speaking to that?"
She got nervous and nearly took a step back.  "Yes, but, I mean, how do you feel?  Your emotions, the ease of your thoughts …"
Caesar understood.  "Of course.  Apologies, doctor."  She nodded.  "The haze I felt for so long has been lifted.  There is no obstacle between the desire for a memory and its recall."
"Very good."
"Emotionally," he began, "I am, obviously, still sensitive.  I feel prone to anger.  That has not been my way."
"Of course not, lord," Donovan said.
Caesar's attention turned toward him.  Anger flashed again.  Sarcasm?  He told himself to relax.  "I do feel anxious, though."
"You feel energetic?"
"Yes," Caesar said.  "For the first time in years."
Aelianus said, "That is very good."
"Let us discuss my mobility."
Donovan glanced at his colleague and then he looked at his device again, "We have gone over that before, imperator.  It may be some time."
Caesar shut down his senses to contain his surging emotions.  "I cannot wait months and years for you to pray on bended knee for miracles that may never arrive."
"I understand …"
"I feel trapped in this room already," Caesar continued.  "I've only been conscious for six hours yet I feel caged."
"Understandable," Aelianus said.
"Then help me."
Donovan inhaled deeply and slowly.  "What you ask is possible, but difficult.  We don't have the means …"
"Find the means."
Donovan lowered his hands and stepped back.  "The finest minds in Tiberia are working on this, lord."
"Insufficient!"  The doctors cowered at the Caesar's volume.  "Narrow-minded fools such as you have failed me before.  Not now!"  They flinched and winced at the sharp sound.  "I will scour Larsa for the solution, if I must."
The doctors bowed before the large, gray and black box that housed the emperor's mind.  Slowly, they approached again and took readings on the unit.  Lights flashed as Caesar thought.  Judging by their rapidity, he was thinking quite a bit.
II
BARAZ
162 Years Before the End

Karin Baraz sat in the lobby.  Her legs were crossed and her wrist dangled over the edge of her briefcase.  Her long finger flicked at the clasp every ten seconds.  She was precise about that.  She counted it in her head.
A man walked past and she watched him go.  She didn't recognize him.  She didn't lose count, though.  Baraz flicked the clasp again, right on time.
"Lunch is still on schedule, yes?" her assistant asked.  "Minister Osporion's secretary just messaged me."
Karin didn't lose count.  She nodded.
Mione kept speaking.  "I'll let him know."  She tapped on her wristband a few times and it beeped.  "There's a storm in Helicon so our flight has been pushed back by an hour."
"It's a private plane."
Mione tilted her head back and forth.  "Aeroport restrictions in effect."
A young man peered around a corner and said, "Karin Baraz?"  She stood quickly and he continued, "The prime minister will see you now."
"Thank you."  Baraz walked away from her seat and Mione hissed through her teeth.  When Karin looked back, the assistant was pointing to the briefcase.  She said, "Keep it."
The young man led her down a hallway.  Offices on either side bustled with beeps and discussion.  When they approached the large wooden door, Baraz pulled down on the front of her jacket to straighten it out and briefly patted the sides of her tightly bound brown hair.
The assistant knocked twice, waited a moment and then opened the door.  He immediately stepped to the side and announced, "Minister.  Karin Baraz of BBM."
Behind the desk, a somewhat lanky man stood.  He was gray but his skin didn't seem to betray an age.  Karin knew from public records that Will Saeros was nearly sixty.
"My dear Miss Baraz.  A pleasure to meet you at last."  He shook her hand vigorously and nodded toward the door.  The younger man left and pulled it shut behind him.
"A pleasure to meet you as well, sir."  Karin smiled.  It was a smile she practiced.  Enough to seem genuinely pleased but not enough to appear overly eager.
"Please, sit."  Karin took a step back and sat in one of the two leather chairs before the large desk.  Saeros didn't return to his place behind the desk.  He sat in the other chair.  "I was sorry to hear about your father."
Baraz lowered her head for a moment and nodded slowly.  She lifted her right hand and cupped her left bicep for three seconds before returning it to her lap.  "He was a good man."
Saeros leaned over and said, "And you are a young woman."  Her eyebrow lifted and he continued.  "Thrust into a big chair so soon."
Responses pelted her mind.  Responses to those responses followed.  When she spoke, she had decided to go with a more amiable answer but not one without teeth.  "I fit the chair well."
The prime minister grinned and said, "Obviously your board agrees.  They like you."  She nodded.  "I have no reason to disagree."
One side of Karin's mouth turned upward.  "Good."
Saeros laughed and said.  "Well.  Tell me what brings you to Tritaea."
She knew that he knew.  It was part of the dance.  One that her father told her about many times.
"Matters of healthcare and well being."  He nodded and she continued.  "In recent years, we've noted that the Ministry of Health is taking far longer than usual to approve our requests for trial reviews.  We have made substantial investments in …"
"The delays are for safety reasons," Saeros interrupted.  "We have to insure that the proper trials were conducted and that the reviews are both unbiased and thorough."
"The procedures I'm speaking of are not ones of vanity.  These are medications and devices and techniques that can save or improve many thousands of lives."
"At a great profit to Baraz Bio Medical."  Karin's eyes steadied on Saeros' face.  He no longer seemed genial.  "With each medication you release, your bottom lines increase …"
"And do you know when the last new medication by BBM was approved?"  The PM seemed surprised at having been interrupted.  "Two years ago.  It had been in development for eleven years and was cleared by reviews and trials four years before approval."
"And how much money has BBM reaped with it?"
Baraz tilted her head to one side and said, "I was not aware that corporations had been outlawed."  Saeros chuckled.  "Or that profits were made illegal."
"They are not, my dear."  He straightened his collar and said, "History is full of examples of companies that … take advantage.  Our job is to slow everything down.  We need to make sure what you're offering is safe and worthy of the marketplace."
"Regarding the latter," she began, "isn't that for the marketplace to decide?"
"You may know medicine," Saeros said, softly, "you may even know business, but you don't know government and you don't know history."
Baraz straightened her jacket again.  "I know enough."
"Really?"
"I know," Karin hesitated for the slightest moment, "that on the desk of the health minister, there lies the means for the rejuvenation of bone marrow."
Saeros blinked.
Baraz studied the man's face but he didn't reveal any emotion.  He took in a deep breath and looked toward the floor.  He breathed quietly and Karin replayed her words in her head.  She thought of other answers and other questions.  She decided on this one, however.  She had to play it out.
"How long has it been ready for use?"
"Two years."
The PM was still.  Then, he nodded slowly.  He cleared his throat and nodded again.  Saeros looked at Baraz but there was something new in his gaze.  Respect.
"Very shrewd," he said.
She didn't respond.
"I appreciate the effort but our procedures will remain in place."
"While Huban and Nandia surpass us on so many fronts?  Not just medicine, but electronics and …"
"We are finished."  Saeros stood and returned to his desk.  Karin was slow to stand, but when she did, she looked up and saw his outstretched hand.  "I will be interested to see what you do in the future."
Baraz shook his hand quickly and left.  The assistant from before guided her down the hallway and into the waiting area where Mione still sat.
Karin nodded toward the exit and the woman followed.  They rode in the lift silently and emerged in the lobby shortly thereafter.  Mione tapped on her wristband furiously as they walked.  The pair dodged the crowds and emerged on the street moments later. 
A long, luxury car pulled up by the sidewalk and Mione opened the door for her boss.  Baraz got in and then Mione sat on the long seat beside her.
"Still going to lunch?"
Karin was quiet.  She looked up and saw the assistant trying not to be nervous.  She saw the driver looking back at them.  "Yes.  Let's go."  The driver nodded and the car quietly moved into traffic.
Baraz turned to the right and watched the Forum recede.  She took in a deep breath and said, "My great-grandfather was a doctor in Ordoga."
Mione glanced up and then back at her wrist.  She had heard this before.
"He came to Attica for freedom and prosperity.  They didn't recognize his license to practice medicine so he started over again.  Then he started BBM.  My grandfather took over the business, and then my father …"
Mione interrupted, "Didn't go well?"
Karin's nostrils flared as she inhaled.  "I ended up … 'dancing dirty.'"
"Oh."  Mione stopped what she was doing.  She used to hear about "the dance" from Karin's father.  "You brought up his wife?"
"Indirectly."
"It didn't work?"
Baraz looked out the window as they passed a statue of Cronus, complete with sickle and lightning bolt, juxtaposed against the front of a Median church.  Once in the intersection, tall office buildings and monuments stretched toward the crest of a hill.
She decided not to answer.
III
AHLJAELA
162 Years Before the End

Mar Ahljaela stood in line behind dozens of others.  He wiped his bronze-colored nose and pretended to not be bothered by the smell.  It was sharp.  Almost metallic.  Once the initial blast of old perspiration subsided, the underlying filth odor crept in.  It may not have been as bad as an open sewer, but it was still bad.  Like a stagnant drainage pond that's home to migratory birds, Mar decided a few years back.  He had passed one on his way home then and was immediately surprised by the similarity.
After a week of sleeping at the factory, everyone stunk.
It was the last day of his work cycle, though.  He had two days off coming to him.  He would get paid and then walk the twenty kilometers out of Gargamus to his little village.  It would be late when he arrived.  His wife might be the only one awake then.  He smiled at the thought.
"Name?" the man behind the desk asked.
This man had seen him once a week for nearly ten years.  Still, he asked for his name.  "Ahljaela.  Mar Dohl Ahljaela."  The man scanned the paper, drew his finger under the name and then reached under the desk.  When he handed over the small bindle of money, Mar said, "Thank you."
He walked from the office and into the courtyard of Siler River Plastics where hundreds of other workers on Mar's cycle had gathered.  Some were smoking, others were talking.  Ahljaela walked past them all toward the street.  He stopped at a bush, though, and bent down.  He unfolded the currency and began to count it.  Twenty-two denars.  Five years ago, he had been promised a raise.  It never showed up, of course.  He separated the bills into three groups.  He stuffed one into his pocket and then stepped out of his worn shoes.  He pushed bills toward the toes in both, put his feet back in and started walking.  
As soon as his foot hit the sidewalk, he sighed and turned right.  It was a straight road, but it was long.  Barely a block away, he heard the engine of an old bus rumble to life and depart from the factory's courtyard.  He watched it pass and waved to the people he knew on board.  He used to take the bus out of the city.  It saved him five hours of walking but it cost two whole denars for the trip.
"Mar."
His head whipped to the right and he saw his co-worker, Rand.  "Hello."
"Walking again, I see."
He only nodded.
"I'm going to stop for a lunch.  Did you want to join me?"
Ahljaela inhaled and shook his head.  "No, sorry."
"I understand."  Rand looked across the street to a restaurant.  "Did you hear about Thun?"
Mar stopped walking and squinted in the sunlight.  "I saw him today on the line.  He left yesterday, right?"
"He did," Rand stepped closer and continued, "but he got robbed on his way home.  Took everything he just got paid."
"Damn."  Mar knew what that was like.  "He didn't hide his money?"
Rand shrugged.  "I don't know.  He didn't talk too much about it."
"I'm sure."  He took another step and asked, "So he just went back to work?  Didn't go home?"
"Yes."
"They let him change cycles like that?"
Rand laughed.  "I guess so.  So many robberies lately … Bo said that it was the least the company could do since they wouldn't give him his pay again."
"Right."
Rand stepped onto the street and waved behind him, "See you."
"Bye."
Ahljaela walked.  He passed by restaurants and bars.  There were magistrate buildings, a police station, a recruitment center.  A fountain marked the edge of the city and he left the path for a moment to dowse his head in the spray.  The day was sunny with no breeze.  With more than seventeen kilometers to go, he needed the respite.  He dipped his old plastic bottle into the water, closed it and returned to the path.  If he lingered too long, the police might chase him away again.
The sidewalk turned to dirt and the asphalt of the highway lost its painted stripes.  Trucks veered from one side to another.  Cars whipped past him at more than one hundred kilometers an hour.  On the main straightaway, he left the path and waded through the tall grass.  For nearly an hour he walked like that, swatting away large flies and flicking beetles from his canvas trousers.  Better this than the alternative.
He saw it two years ago.  Crisus was his name.  He was half a kilometer ahead of Mar.  They didn't know each other that well so they didn't bother to walk together.  On this section of the road, a truck moved from its lane and drove into the dirt walking path right in front of Mar.  The truck never left the path until it hit Crisus.  He was far away but Ahljaela saw the man's body flung into the air.  The truck stopped for just a moment but then drove off.  Mar ran and ran but when he reached his co-worker, it was already too late.  He stood and walked into the road, waving and screaming for someone to stop.  Three trucks and five cars swerved and honked around him.  Finally, one man stopped and placed a call to the police on his wristband.  He drove away, leaving Mar to wait with the body for an hour before anyone arrived.
This was the spot.
He paused and looked into the grass.  Nothing remained, of course, but he could still see the blood in his mind.  The man's face was swollen and streams of red left both eyes, his ears, his mouth, his nose.  His clothes were torn.  One shoe was still on the walking path.  There was the smell of feces, too.
He swatted a large dragonfly and moved on.  The road began to crest and the curves returned.  He stepped back to the path and breathed a little easier as he walked.  He played his usual games.  Counting certain colored vehicles.  Spotting shapes in the clouds.  Thinking about what he would do with his time off.
Mar came to the large tree that marked the halfway point.  He left the path and crossed toward it, stepping over fallen branches and high weeds.  He patted the trunk and walked around to the rear, sliding a little down the embankment toward the creek.  He dipped a hand in the water, sniffed it and sipped.  Ahljaela reached into his small pack and removed a cloth napkin.  Inside were three wheatballs.  Like hardened oatmeal, Mar took scoops of the food from his breakfast this morning, balled them up and squeezed them to express any water.  He hid them in his pack in his room.  Even though he shared space with twelve people, he knew no one would look in his things on the last day of the cycle.  Still, if he had been caught, he could be fired.
He pounded the wheatball with his fist and it cracked into three pieces.  He scooped water from the creek, popped a piece in his mouth and then chased it with the water.  He let it sit for a moment to loosen the paste up.  He swallowed and closed his eyes.  Mar reached behind him and removed the now-empty plastic bottle and filled it again in the creek.  He put another shard of the wheatball in his mouth and sipped from the bottle as he climbed the hill and sat against the base of the tree.  He rested for only ten minutes.  Sipping and eating.  Then he walked again.
The sun set and he saw the hills in the last orange light of the day.  The green expanse of fields receded to gray but he kept walking straight.  A few minutes later, lights popped on in the homes ahead.  He smelled the field of cabbage to his right.  The thick scent of chlorophyll and damp soil.  It must have rained here earlier.  On the left side of the road, the fumarella plants smelled the same.  There was a slight spice to it, though, carried across the street on the breeze of the now-infrequent passing vehicles.
The moon was barely half full.  Its light wasn't much, but it helped keep him on the dirt path.  His white and beige clothes made him visible to that occasional car.  He passed three houses and their fields.  Then the fourth.  The fifth was his.
Mar's hand touched the wood of the fence and gate and he sighed again.  He pushed it open and closed it quickly, latching it.  He walked down the small slope between the sections of wheat and up the hill toward the house.  The only light on was the porch lamp, so he knew he was too late to see his sons.  He set the pack on the step, knocked on the wood and walked to his right.  He passed a goat and shuffled through the thick green grass before it tumbled down toward the stream.  He groaned and let his pack drop.  Then he slipped out of his shirt and pants.  As he kicked his shoes off, he heard his wife coming.
"Hello," Laphé said.
"Hello."  Now nude, he turned toward her and kissed her on the mouth.  
She pulled her head back quickly and said, "Yes.  Please, get in the water."  He laughed and put his foot in.  He gasped and she tossed the bar of soap to him.  It was waist deep and he crouched down to wash a week's worth of filth from him.
"How is everyone?"
"The boys are good," she said.  Laphé sat on the hillside and kept speaking, "Father is the same."
"Of course."
"The indoor pump broke again."
"Again?"  Mar splashed water onto his head and shivered.  "Is it fixed now?"
"Yes.  I traded with Stam over the hill.  She wanted a barrel of milk to do it."
"All at once?"
Laphé laughed.  "No.  Of course not.  She's gotten about a quarter of it so far."  She paused.  "I hope that was the right thing."
Mar shook his head in the near darkness.  He looked to his wife and saw her silhouetted against the orange-yellow porchlight.  "Your decisions don't need my approval.  You run the house."  She nodded and he left the stream.  He took the towel from her and said, "The walk home was uneventful."
She leaned over toward his clothes and reached into the shoes and pockets, pulling together the bills.  She held them up to the light and squinted to see the color of the Caesar's faces.  "Twenty-two."
"Yes."  Mar pulled on his pants and said, "Any unexpected expenses this week?"
"Rovil's birthday."  
He playfully smacked his head.  "Of course.  He wanted that toy plane?  That's just one denar."  She nodded and hugged him.  "Still leaves two for the jar."
Laphé smiled and kissed her husband.  "Siler River's the best thing that's ever happened to us."
IV
DONOVAN
162 Years Before the End

"Your attention, please," an unseen announcer said over the image of the emperor's seal, a stylized golden eagle whose wings encircled a mask painted blood red over a purple fluttering flag.  "Lord Imperator, Princeps Senatus, Caesar Maxentius the Ninth."
The seal dissolved and the elderly visage of the Caesar appeared.  He was seated behind his desk in the palace and the sun shone through the window behind him, illuminating his thin, silver hair.  He was wearing his usual dark gray military tunic with the gold and jeweled necklace that draped under his plum-colored epaulets and over his shoulders.
"Greetings, Tiberia," he said.  With a slight grin, he continued, "I speak to you today regarding a great opportunity, not only for the citizens of our nation, but for all of Larsa."  He looked down at his papers and lifted them somewhat while lowering his face.  "As you well know, science has afforded us many luxuries and improved all our lives.  I have spoken to our science consul and our health consul and I know there are still a great many things we can accomplish."
"Remarkable," Dr. Ryall Donovan said.  He was staring intently at the monitor hanging in the hallway.  The Caesar's face was still partially obscured and he kept speaking.
"I have established a program to begin research into a life extension project.  For this, we will need the help of the greatest minds the world has to offer.  Whether by medication or cloning, robotics or gene manipulation, I know an answer is out there.  The person who divines the proper path will secure for themselves, not only a vaunted place in Tiberia, but an equally important place in history.  The lives of many millions will be bettered, and none more than yours, brilliant scientist or gifted doctor."
He lowered the paper and looked toward the camera, grinned again and said, "Certainly there are governments that may not agree with me and my aims, but I assure you … this is for more than Tiberia's sake."  He looked down again, the paper covering the lower half of his face.
"The details you require can be found through the science and health consulates.  If you are prevented from this research by your government's antiquated rules and regulations, you will be welcomed to Tiberia.  If you would seek entrance to our nation, simply contact the nearest Tiberian embassy and it may be arranged."
He dropped the paper to the desk and lifted his head.  The Caesar straightened and put his right hand on the surface.  "Today begins a new era.  Good fortune to us all."  He balled up his pale, arthritic fist and pressed it against his left breast.  "Long live the Empire."
The image dissolved back to the fluttering flag and then the news anchors began to speak.  Donovan reached over and turned it off before walking away.
"He's expecting me," he said to the guards outside the chamber.
"Yes, sir."  They stepped aside and the double doors opened.  Donovan entered two paces and bowed, waiting for Caesar's welcome.
"Your thoughts?"
The doctor raised his head and slowly advanced.  He hadn't been given the usual formal invitation but he proceeded.  "Very convincing, imperator."
"I believe so, as well."  The sound came from all over the room, but Donovan kept his attention focused on the large cube in the center.  Lights flickered along its surface as its processors worked and the disembodied Caesar spoke again, "I spent a few days recording bits and pieces of video last year.  I provided the new audio just yesterday."
Donovan nodded.  Caesar said nothing.  The doctor lightly cleared his throat and said, "What manner of response do you anticipate?"
"I have scoured the Matrix for businesses, institutes, and individuals who have made strides in this direction.  I have identified three dozen who have great potential."
The doctor licked his lips and said, "Imperator, what if cooperation is required?"
"Elaborate."
"Myself, for example."  He folded his hands behind his back and continued, "I am well versed in neurology and developed the memory transfer techniques.  But I know nothing of cloning or robotics.  My computer skills are … excellent, if I may be immodest …"
"You may," Caesar interrupted.
"But that is not my primary field.  For you to become mobile, minituarization of that technology will be required.  This is not something that I am able to do presently.  I know few in Tiberia who can."
"And you believe multiple people, working in concert, will be necessary."
Donovan tilted his head down.  "I do, lord."  
Caesar paused and then said, "Perhaps.  I will monitor all responses to my message and determine what course of action will be required."
"I may be in error," the doctor said.  "Someone may develop an answer on their own."  His clasped hands rubbed within each other and he spoke again, "However, I do not believe an organic solution will be found.  Our understanding of genetics has not progressed far enough to allow for a true clone of your former self.  Or even the implantation of your mind upon another's."
"Given your apprehension," Caesar said, "are you now rescinding your role as leader of the program?"
Donovan nearly scoffed.  A flush of fear raced through him as he stopped himself and he quickly spoke, stammering, "Absolutely not, imperator.  I was merely providing counsel."
"Of course."  
Donovan stared at the cube a while longer and watched the indicators.  They weren't illuminating rapidly as they so often did when the leader was in deep thought.  He wondered if he should return to the door.
"Doctor," Caesar said, "I expect you to evaluate each possibility on its own merits.  However a solution presents itself, I want you to put aside your prejudices."
"Of course, lord.  The thought had not entered my mind."  It truly hadn't.
Caesar paused and then said, softly, "And each possibility must be fully tested and vetted."
"Absolutely, imperator."
The emperor's famous paranoia persisted even in his present form.  Donovan quickly remembered conversations tinged with fear and anger.  A frail, old man pointing a crooked finger in the doctor's face, warning of severe retribution should his mind be pulled from his body and dispatched into the ether.  Killed in the most sophisticated and technologically advanced manner possible.
That thought had entered his mind.
V
THE MESSENGERS
162 Years Before the End

The One peered into the tiny universe.
Specks of rock revolved around balls of gas.  Its eye scanned millions of them.  Billions.
There were points of interest, to be sure, but nothing that grabbed its attention.  It hovered over no one world for longer than a microsecond.  Then it saw something.
Like lying on the ground at the base of a tree, it looked up.  From this one speck, branches stretched forward through time.  It had found its goal.
The One looked along the trunk and each of the branches.  Decisions were going to be made and reactions to those decisions would follow.  A myriad of possibilities lie ahead for this one world.  Nearly infinite, the will of life on this speck would shape so much.
It was excited.  The limbs kept stretching and growing forward.  Flowers grew at each turn and the paths were lined with leaves.  Then it noticed that some branches came to tapered ends.  The tips wept with sickness.  Still, other limbs grew forward, so The One kept looking along its length.  Then more branches ended.  Thick, fiery tumors hung on the boughs and they grew no more.  From the top of this world's tree where no vines reached, it looked back toward the beginning, dismayed that the branches would go no further.
The One scanned over them again and looked worriedly across the remainder of this collection of stones and stars.  It saw no other trees.  There were many "bushes," sure, as lesser life made their minor decisions to eat that thing or drink that water.  But there were no leaps.  With sentient life come great bounds in thinking and greater choices become available.  The trees flourished.  The will of living, thoughtful beings watered them.  Without trees here, The One saw no purpose in remaining in this galaxy.
As it was about to withdraw, a thought occurred to it.  It could intervene.
The One turned its head from the rock of interest and found another like it.  It had a spindly collection of branches wreathing it and stretching forward in time.  The wispy limbs of lesser animals.  It would have no higher beings and therefore no tree growing thick through the ages.  With a swift pinch, it grabbed seeds from the base of the large but stunted tree and deposited them on the other world.  Immediately, a great trunk extended from the speck and shot into the future.  Branches diverged and limbs reached out and into the darkness.  Flowers blossomed and leaves unfurled.  
The One was pleased.
Though the second tree was planted for insurance, it did notice that this new sapling was going to be deformed.  It, too, had terminating branches in its future.  
The One reached out of the universe and into another.  There, it had groomed other trees and two tenders had helped them grow through harsh winters and long droughts.
With whispered instructions, The One set these beings on the first world it had found.  Hopefully, this pair of workers could enable that tree to flourish.  

They were without form and looking upon the plains of western Isinnia from a high peak.  They were flooded with input.  Sound, sight, scent … they reeled and basked all at once.  Finally, one planted their feet on the rockface and gripped the side of a boulder.
"This … is different."  It took the form of a man and spoke hesitatingly.  He opened and closed his mouth, testing his jaw, and turned his head to look toward the lights of a nearby city.  "There is something fragile about this life."
The other collapsed on the slope and turned toward the companion.  It was like unto a woman and she gasped for air.  "I do not understand."
"Slow."  He reached for her and she brushed him away.  She stood and wobbled when she became erect.  
"Fragile, yes," she said.  She looked at her hands and said, "Not like the others."
He took in a deep breath through his nose, pursed his lips and expelled it.  "But the tree …"
"Yes," she said.  "I can see it."
The One visited countless universes, searching for the results of sentient life.  Decisions upon decisions, branching through eons … The One harvested these "trees," in a way, and was sustained by them.  When guidance for their growth was needed, it set these tenders upon those worlds that the plant born of free will may become stronger and longer lasting.
The Messenger released the branch and his body became like a wisp.  Visible yet not present.  He smiled and looked to his companion, "I understand the allure of this one."
She did not respond.  She was staring at the civilization below and narrowing her eyes.  "I see shadows."
"Of the past?  I see them also."
"No.  Of the future."  She shook her head and continued, "They are … thin.  I cannot focus on them."
He squinted and then said, "Yes.  A limitation of this realm?"
She accepted that as true and said, "The will of these beings is even more important now.  Their decisions may make the future more visible to us."
He turned his head from side to side, as though he were trying to make out some distant, wavering image.  "I see a great fire, as well."
"The end of humanity," she whispered.
He paused and then said, "What is your plan?"
She looked at him and said, "The One's plan, as always.  To ensure the survival of life so the tree may grow."
He nodded and allowed his body to drift down the mountainside toward the city.  She did the same as he said, "It will be done."
VI
BARAZ
162 Years Before the End

She entered the lab and tugged at a corner of her paper mask.  She was guided to a table by Dr. Hikka, but she didn't listen to what he said.  She was still mapping out strategies and plans in her mind.
"Dr. Baraz, a pleasure to meet you," one of the lab workers said.
That took her by surprise.  She looked up and caught his eye.  "Thank you," she said.  "And I you."  Too often, people forgot she was a doctor of genetics.  "What do you have here?"
He moved aside and motioned to the clear tray.  In a shallow bath of various chemicals, a human kidney lay.  "This was created for a patient in Gerzeh."
"Using some of her kidney as the template?"
"Yes."
"And where did the stem cells come from?"
"Her own cord blood.  When she was born, her mother had it stored."
Baraz nodded.  "Very fortunate."
"Dr. Baraz, this way, please," the guide said.
Karin nearly told him to stop.  She wanted to ask more questions but there was too much to do.  "Yes.  Thank you."
"Thank you, Dr. Baraz."  The man returned to his work.
They passed by several other people working with microscopes and vials.  A few had trays of organs, prodding at them and testing them with meters.
"The board members are waiting for you through here.  They wanted a brief tour, too."  He pushed open a door and they entered a stark white clean room.  They shed their outer cellulose garments and tossed them into an incinerator chute before washing their hands.
They exited into a hallway and passed multiple doors before reaching the conference room at the end.  The guide stopped, clacked his heels together and bent slightly at the waist.  "If there's anything else you require, please, summon me at once."
"I will.  Thank you."  The wiry man stalked off and Karin opened the door.  Eight people were sitting aroung the table, chatting or reading.  One man was nodding off.
"Finally," a woman said under her breath.  
Karin shot her a look as she walked past.  She stood at the head of the long table and put her case on the surface.  "Is everyone ready?"
One man lifted his hand and said, "Why are we here?  I don't mean the meeting but I mean here, in Doria, at one of our secondary labs."
Baraz inhaled deeply and looked at him directly, "I don't trust all of my people in Helicon."
The woman spoke again, "Paranoid?"
"For good reason."  Karin opened her case and removed a stack of papers.  "What I have in mind could be considered treason in Attica."
The board members glanced at each other before looking to their CEO.  "And what do you have in mind, Ms. Baraz?"
She smiled and said, "This."  She held up a printout of a news article.  A picture of the Caesar was on one side and the headline read, "Tiberia Seeks Scientists for 'Life Extension Project.'"
"Oh," one board member said. 
"Do you think there's anything to that?" another asked.
"I do."
Another said, "Didn't he just mean medicine or something?"
"I don't think so."  Baraz organized her papers a bit more.
"If he needs new organs, we've got him covered."  He turned to another member and said, "You see that shit out there?"
"That's nothing," the woman said.  "Knowing Caesar, he's looking for … a fountain of youth."
"We've got medicine, too," another said, "but nothing like that."
"Not exactly," Karin said.  "He didn't say it in his address, but I have reason to believe that he's looking for a way to … transfer his mind into a new body."
Half of the board members laughed.
"I'm not joking."  Her steely expression calmed their chuckles and flattened their smiles.  "This is Dr. Ryall Donovan."  She held up a picture and continued, "He studied in Tylos before disappearing about five years ago.  He turned up in Tiberia three years ago."
"What is he a doctor of?"
She put the picture down and pulled more paper from her briefcase.  "Neurology.  I found his doctoral work in Tylos.  It's all about engrammatic replication."
The board was still.  One man asked, "What?"
Karin finally looked up from her papers and said, "Memory replication.  He studied how to copy minds."
"And he's working in Tiberia now."
"Yes."  Baraz sat in the chair and put her case on the floor.  "His work focused solely on duplicating minds into computers, though.  Not into another brain."
Again, the board was quiet.  
"I'll ask again," a member said, quietly.  "What is your plan?"
"It is four fold.  Please, hear me out on all points."  She picked up four separate stacks of papers and laid them on the table top one at a time as she spoke, "One, we move our headquarters from Attica to Doria.  Two, we expand our facilities here.  Three, we pursue a genetic and organic answer to the Caesar's project.  And four, we offer that answer to the world."  She placed the last stack on top and straightened its corners.
They were all stunned.  The chairman of the board shook his head and finally spoke, "One at a time.  Moving the headquarters …"
"Yes."
"Why?"
She reached under the papers and removed the first stack.  She took off the binder and handed it to her right.  Each person took a copy of the motion and kept passing it while she spoke, "The tax rates are higher in Doria, yes.  But the laws here are much more lax when it comes to scientific and medical research.  We couldn't engage in parts three and four if the corporation was based in Helicon.  If we move the headquarters, all of BBM's activities here are beyond Attican law."
"Right.  Two, expanding these facilities."
Baraz took that stack and passed it out, as well.  "We already own twenty hectares around this facility.  Nearly all of it is currently undeveloped.  With seventy million stater from the general fund, we can erect the corporate facilities to replace those in Attica, plus new laboratories and so on.  Another twenty million to furnish the researchers, equipment …"
"What about the old headquarters in Helicon?" a woman asked.
"We can sell them.  Ten million stater, estimated."
The chairman pointed to her papers.  "Go ahead and pass them all out.  Number three."
She handed the stacks over and said, "Obviously, our expertise is in organics.  Tissue regeneration, genetics, medicine.  That is where we should focus.  We have excelled at the cloning of tissues and organs.  You saw it in the lab.  BBM is the only producer of custom organ replacements."
"But not entire people replacements."
"No," Baraz said.  "Not yet."
"Whoa," someone said.
"Wait," the chairman said.  "Are you talking about cloning the Caesar?"
Karin lifted a single eyebrow, "No.  Not really.  The same processes used in cloning would be needed to create a suitable body for a mind transfer.  A suitable body for our needs isn't necessarily the same body they inhabited before."
"Why not clone the Caesar, Thad?" a woman asked.
"And give that bastard immortality?  No, thank you."
Baraz nodded slightly.  She had to agree.  It was a possibility, though, that the Caesar would demand it if this all worked out.  "It makes the most sense to clone our client.  Not just for their sake, but ours.  But there's no reason we can't limit them to just one … extra life."
The chairman muttered, "And no reason why they can't just keep doing it."
"I contacted the medical consulate in Tiberia for more information."  She held up a thick packet of information.  "There are … hundreds of requirements and restrictions.  The end result, though, assuming success, is two billion denars."
"What?"
The chairman looked down and thought.  "That's nearly three billion stater."  Baraz nodded.  He waved her on.
"Number four," Karin said.  "Despite the restrictions in the program, there's nothing saying we can't offer this to others."
Several around the table straightened up and the one named Thad inhaled deeply.  "That would be expensive."
Baraz said, "Yes.  Luckily for us, there are many, many wealthy people in the world."  There were nods of approval.  Karin glanced around and tried to keep herself from smiling.  
BBM had ten board members altogether.  She invited the eight most likely to be swayed to her side.  Only six needed to agree.
Her victory was assured.
VII
CAESAR
161 Years Before the End

He heard them arguing in the corridor at the far end of the wing.  His tribune, commander of the Praetorians, Cato Yale, and the high legate of the Tiberian military, Senator Toma Marcus.
"I don't understand the precautions, tribune.  That is all I'm saying."
"I know, high legate," Yale said.  "These are the emperor's commands.  You alone.  And you will not directly discuss this meeting with anyone.  Not even your subordinates."
"Really, tribune."  Marcus began to march toward the Caesar's chamber.  "I haven't been a senator for thirty years and a high legate for ten by being a brook that babbles upon every ear I see.  Why would I start now?"
Yale hesitated and began to walk with Marcus.  "Please remember that, high legate."
Caesar turned off his sensors for a moment to compose himself.  He shut down various inputs and disengaged from the Matrix.  He needed to focus.  
There was a knock at the door.
"Come," he said.
Two Praetorian Guards entered two paces, saluted and moved to either side of the doors.  Cato Yale entered next.  Wearing light gray Gemnar armor with the Guard's typical golden collar and white straps across the shoulders, he saluted and then turned ninety degrees to await the entrance of Toma Marcus.  The senator stepped in two paces and saluted with his fist over his chest.  Only then did he look around.
"Welcome, Toma," Caesar said.
Marcus' brow furrowed and he didn't move his head.  His eyes darted about, trying to find where the leader was.  "Imperator …"
"Come in.  Don't fear."
He lowered his arm and slowly moved ahead.  One step.  Then another.  His eyes leapt from the marble columns to the ornate wooden chairs.  He looked at the velvet drapes for a time before Caesar spoke again.
"Guards, you may go."  The men complied and departed.  Yale turned to face the Caesar but he watched the high legate with some amusement.
Marcus took another step toward the large cube.  Still, his eyes did not study it.  He continued to scan the chairs and other hiding places.  "My lord, I am, uh …"
"At a loss, obviously."  When Caesar spoke, indicator lights flashed on the surface of the box and only this time did it draw the man's attention.  "I am here.  Within this plastic and metal shell."
Marcus stopped and looked at either end.  Given its size, a man might fit inside.  "And what is this shell, imperator?"
"My new body."  The senator's head pulled back and his eyes widened.  "The first stage of my life extension."
Toma nodded briefly and asked, "How goes that program, lord?"
"Slowly, but that is to be expected."  Given the man's stance, Caesar could tell many more questions would be forthcoming if he didn't interrupt now.  "Let us draw on the target, high legate."
"Yes, dominus."
Caesar waited for the report.  He scanned the uniform, noting the dark red tunic, brown dress pants with leather boots, dark leather baldric across his chest but missing its weapon.  His golden belt buckle and epaulets denoted his high rank.  Marcus still seemed to be entranced by the blinking lights.  "Well, senator?"
"Of course, lord."  He reached to the rear of his belt and removed a small electronic slate.  "Just before sunrise, local time, on the island of Gela, shoulder-mounted rockets were used to attack our naval base at the port of Ofun."
"Three ships were damaged.  Thirty-two injured.  Six killed."
Marcus seemed surprised.  "Yes, imperator."  He looked back at his slate and continued, "They were launched from small fishing boats registered to the nearby island of Dogura.  For the last four years, the people …"
"I am aware of the regional strife, high legate," Caesar interrupted.  Toma folded his arms behind his back.  "I am also aware that the materials have been traced back to Alabor."  The Caesar thought.  It took only a second, but it felt longer to him.  "When last I checked, dating of those materials was incomplete.  There is no way to know, at present, if Alabor sold those weapons to Dogura twenty years ago or yesterday."
"Correct, lord."
"We must find that out," Caesar said.  "It will dictate our actions toward Alabor."  Marcus nodded.  "As for Dogura, prepare two legions and report to Ofun."
The legate blinked.  "Imperator?"
"Our vessels have been attacked in a terrorist strike.  We will rely on our intelligence consul to suss out the extent to which Dogura's government was aware of it.  If it was an isolated plot, we will surgically remove those elements.  If we find that there was collusion with the government, we will retaliate with the weight of our imperial might."
Marcus swallowed hard and said, "If I may speak as a senator, imperator, you will require a vote of the Senate before …"
"I am aware of that.  I am only ordering the movement of our forces.  Something well within the rights of the office of imperator."
"Absolutely," Marcus said.  "If other nations, however, perceive this as a violation of the Accord, …"
"Damn the Accord!" Caesar yelled.  The speakers crackled with the volume and both Marcus and Yale squinted.  "It has been four hundred years since Tiberia was first shackled with it.  Perhaps it is time for a new Accord."
The senator glanced for a moment toward Cato Yale, but he stopped himself.  Still, the Caesar saw the motion.
"Fear not, Toma.  I will not wage a world war over some pissed-off fishermen in the Iberian Sea."  Marcus lowered his head slowly and the cube spoke again, "Time for my official orders."
"Yes, imperator."
"In your position as high legate, I order you to command two legions and dispatch them to Ofun where you will await further instruction.  Should war come to the Empire, I shall make you my magister, and you will take the Empire to victory.  My tribune will provide you with the standards and eagles."  Cato nodded.
"Thank you, imperator," Marcus said.
"In your position as senator," Caesar said, "I ask that you notify the Senate of my orders and then appoint a temporary replacement for yourself."
"As you command, princeps."
The Caesar smiled.  Rather, he would have, if he still had a mouth.  Toma Marcus was a good man.  He knew his work and he knew his place.  He would do well.
VIII
AHLJAELA
161 Years Before the End

The noise was painful.
Long ago, he learned to fashion earplugs from strips of fabric, roll them up and push them into his ears.  It was still loud, but it was bearable, to a point.  For many years he did this and he never noticed a decline in his hearing.  He had recently, though.  Laphé called for him four times before he answered the other morning.  That worried her.  And him.
"You," the foreman said. 
Mar stepped away from the corner where the plastic shells for the cars were dispensed and toward the clean up area.  Workers used files to trim down the razor-sharp edges.  They wore thick gloves to protect themselves, but the occasional brown splatter of dried blood was visible everywhere here.
"Name?"
He shouted the response, "Ahlajela.  Mar Ahljaela."
He wrote it down on his pad and then waved him to follow.  Mar walked behind and to the right of the foreman; a sign of respect.  He wore a shiny plastic helmet and the edges of foam earplugs were visible just inside his ear canals.  If his hearing really was getting worse, Ahljaela thought it might be worth the two denars to buy some.  They walked under a moving crane and into the open spaces of the factory floor.  It was cavernous and the thin line of windows near the top of the walls showed that the sun was nearly setting.  Early spring meant the sun's hours were slowly getting longer.  It made him wish for home.
"You've worked the form presses before?"
Mar shouted again, "Yes."
"Good.  There was an accident."
Again?, he thought.  It seemed to be happening more and more.  A slow hand meant your fingers could be caught between two giant plates before they slammed together.  Forgotten goggles meant a spray of metal and plastic shards could blind you.  A missed switch meant steam cooked your skin at nearly one hundred degrees.  It was normal in the factory, but others were noticing it, too.
Ahead, there was a clutch of workers standing around, looking at the floor.  Mar didn't need to see.  He knew the worker was likely lying there.
The foreman slammed the pad against his knuckles and the group scattered.  "Get back to work.  There's nothing you can do for him."
Ahljaela kept his eyes straight ahead as he walked.  When he came alongside the injured worker, he couldn't help but glance over.  It was Rand.
"No!" he shouted and jumped to his knees.  He slid toward the man and picked up his right arm.  He didn't move.  Mar looked across his body and finally settled on his left arm, what remained of it.
There was no hand.  In fact, what was recognizable as arm ceased just below the elbow.  All that was left of the forearm were several bloodied tendrils, like torn cloth.  They lay in a wide pool of blood.  After staring for a moment, Mar finally saw the jagged edge of bone within the mess.
"Come on," the foreman pulled Ahljaela up and away.  
He kept staring and saw that someone tied a rope belt above his elbow like a tourniquet.
"You knew him?" the foreman asked.
Mar stumbled backward and finally turned to walk after the foreman.  "Yes."
"Shame."  They walked toward a huge array of stopped machines.  He placed Mar by a large cylindrical mold.  A robotic arm held a partially formed plastic shell in position and ready to slam down.  To the right, another robotic arm had its claws open and ready to pull a shell off the cylindrical form.  "You've worked here before."
"Yes," he answered, comparatively a whisper.
"Don't be like that guy."  He motioned his thumb over his shoulder to Rand's body and continued, "Don't pull off the part with your bare hands.  Free it with the tool and let the claw get it."
Mar looked at the panel and saw the tool lying there.  And then he saw sprays of blood on the side of the robots and controls.  Slowly, he reached down and lifted the fork-shaped device.  "It's broken."  That's why Rand used his hands.
The foreman lowered his pad and took the tool from Ahljaela.  "Hmm.  Shame."  He slid it into his pocket and inhaled.  "Look, we have to get it started again so use your hands for a few.  I'll send somebody back with a new one."
Mar was frozen.  He glanced at the mold and the robots and then back at the foreman.  "Are you sure?"
The larger man's jaw flexed and his shoulders squared.  "Get to work."
If he objected again, Mar would be fired.  No question about it.
He turned toward the controls and looked nervously at the metal cylinder.  The foreman waved and the robots jerked to life.  
The one on the left with the plastic slammed down hard on the cylinder.  Mar flinched and forced himself to move closer.  The cylinder heated up and the warmth flashed in his face.  The robot lifted and the plastic shell remained atop the cylinder.  He reached under the edge and burned his fingers.  He withdrew for a second and then thrust them back underneath the panel.  It took three good flicks, but it came free and he pushed it toward the open claws of the robot on the right.  It took the shell, spun around and dropped it on a conveyor belt.
Ahljaela looked at his red fingers.  He didn't know how long he could keep doing this.  Just then, the arm slammed another shell on the cylinder and flash-heated the plastic.  He tried to pull his sleeve down over his hand and he found that it helped when he lifted the corner of the shell.  Not as hot, but it was still awkward.
He did that several times before he thought about tearing the bottom of one of his canvas pant legs off to use as a kind of glove.  He looked down quickly and saw that his knees and shins were soaked through with blood.  Rand's blood.  The robot slammed the next piece down on the cylinder and it didn't faze him at all.
Slowly, he bent and tore his pants beneath the knee.  The firm, wet fabric came off easily and Mar's breath stopped as he felt how cold it was.  He looked back and saw that Rand's body was gone.  Only a maintenance worker remained to clean up the red pool.  
He lifted the shell from the cylinder quickly.  He grit his teeth and thought about the blood becoming a small part of this product … whatever the Tartarus it was going to be.  
Mar glanced down at his pants and he knew he was going to have to get new clothes.  They were sure to deduct at least four denars from this week's pay because of that.
IX
THE MESSENGERS
161 Years Before the End

Dr. Gram Vitelus looked into his microscope.  "C'mon," the professor said, "link up."  He was manipulating a small metal arm as he peered.  At a far, far smaller scale, metallic globules were adrift, waiting to be attracted by a slight electric charge.  And then they were.  A moment later, he lurched back and threw his arms into the air.  "Yes!  Finally!"  
The Messengers stood on either side of him, unseen.  They looked at the molecules he manipulated and spoke to each other.
"He is one," the female said.
In a unified movement, they reached their hands into the mind of the doctor.  His head flinched.  He stopped breathing and looked around the room.
Both tenders remained still and watched him.
He sniffed, shook his head and looked back into the microscope.
The Messengers reached further into his mind.  Their fingers felt the tendrils of his neurons and examined his synapses.  They found memories and thoughts and ideas.
Without moving his head, Vitelus' eyes widened and he tried to figure out what it was that dug into him so.
The beings noticed this.  
"Fascinating," the male said.  "He is aware."
The female studied him and said, "He is.  But how?"
Slowly, Gram straightened in his chair.  His eyes shifted to either side of him and he took a deep breath.  He spun around in his seat quickly, hoping to see someone or something nearby.  He saw nothing.  His legs and the chair moved through the forms of the Messengers and they simply observed him.
"I know you're here," he said aloud.  
"He is sleep deprived," the female said.  "Perhaps that has awakened some sort of awareness in him."
"Perhaps," the other said.
He reached into Vitelus' mind again and found the neurons he sought.  He adjusted one.  The synaptic cleft grew in size and altered the memory he had.  
Immediately, Gram stood up and clutched his head.  "What the frak is going on?!"
The female stood beside the male.  She had withdrawn her touch from the human's mind earlier.  "It appears that our interference cannot be as direct as it was in other planes.  These creatures are too fragile, as you said."
"Indeed."  The male watched the professor move about the room, yelling into corners and out the window.  "Nonetheless, our presence here has forced the future into focus somewhat."
"It has," she said.  "His work plays no direct part in the death of this tree."
The pair drifted from the man's workshop in Nandia and south toward the mountains.  "There will have to be guidance," the male said.  "Subtle urgings."
"Agreed."  She paused.  
His form drifted by, then he stopped and turned.  "Why do you hesitate?"
"I wish to study humans further.  I feel the need to urge and guide in trivial matters before we attend to The One's tree."
The male paused and thought.  "Practice?"  She nodded and he answered, saying, "Very well."
The Messengers vanished.
X
DONOVAN
159 Years Before the End

The doctor traveled under an assumed name.
It was a vacation, he told the Caesar.  He needed to rest.  For nearly three whole years he worked on the program and he didn't feel any closer to a solution.  There were advances, sure.  Robotics made more precise.  The minituarization of some elements and parts.  But not the ones that would give the Caesar the freedom he desired.
"Is that your friend, mister?" the boat captain said.
Donovan looked over the side and shielded his eyes.  He saw a blue sail a few hundred meters away.  He nodded and said, "It is."
"I could drive you right there, if you want."  The doctor was removing his shoes and he shook his head.  "As you wish."
Donovan put one foot on the bow and his hand on the rail.  He looked over his shoulder at the captain and said, "I'll be back in an hour or so."
"I'm not leaving," the older man said.  "You've only paid half so far."
The doctor nodded and dove into the ocean.  The water was warm, but the chill was still a surprise.  He surfaced briefly and began to stroke his way toward the distant sailboat.  As he brought each arm up in the air and in front of him, turning his head side to side, he thought.
Each point was carefully laid out in his mind.  Each question.  Each contingency.  As he swam, he went over them again.  When he was done and saw he still had some distance to go before he reached the boat, he ran down the list yet again.
"Greetings," the woman on board said.  She braced her foot on the rail and reached down with her hand.  Donovan crawled over the side and flopped into the plastic bench there.  He was out of breath.  "Welcome to Arba."
Ryall looked to his left and he could barely make out the tiny verdant island on the horizon.  "Yeah, right."
Constance tossed him a towel blanket and he wrapped it about himself.  "Drink?"
"Please."
She handed him a bottle of water and then a glass bottle.  He took a few hearty gulps from the water first before drinking the alcohol.  He winced and then nodded.  "Fresh mulsum."
"Just made yesterday."  The woman sat and asked, "How is my dear brother-in-law?"
"He is … well.  Far better than I expected."
She inhaled deeply and said, "A pity."
Donovan looked Constance over.  She was young; only in her thirties.  The wind caught a strand of her strawberry blond hair and forced her to tuck it behind her ear.  
"And your husband?"  When he asked, she looked down toward the water.  "I see."
Immediately, she moved toward the doctor.  "He's not that bad.  Really."  He shook his head.  "He could take office.  I could help him.  It's been done before."
Ryall nodded.  "It has … but, for this to work out, the next emperor must be there.  Fully present.  Ready."
"He is."  
Donovan looked into her eyes.  They were light green and wide.  Donovan's steely gray gaze pierced her quickly and she turned away.
He said, "That's what I thought."
She punched the side of the boat and rocked with the waves of the ocean for a few quiet moments.  Finally, she said, "I'm pregnant."
The doctor nodded.  "Good.  We'll have to wait longer, but it's a start."  She didn't say anything else.  "Did you visit the doctor in Nandia I recommended?"
"Yes.  He handled the fertilization.  Made sure everything was fine.  No congenital defects.  Less than a five percent chance for schizophrenia."
"Considering his father, that's good."  She whipped her head toward the doctor and nearly spoke.  She stopped herself.  "Constance, Faustus Valerius may be a kind man, but he is not fit to be Caesar."
She blinked once and nodded.  "Tiberia could use a kind man from time to time."
"True.  But in a coup, possibly with regicide, a kind man would be a detriment."
"My son," she said, "when can he be Caesar?"
Donovan's nostrils flared and he glanced toward his chartered boat.  It still floated hundreds of meters away.  "When he's of age."
"There have been empresses before.  Even empress regents …"
"But again … in this situation, we need a Caesar who is ready.  Someone the people can rally 'round."  Ryall put the mostly undrunk mulsum in a cup holder and finished the bottle of water.  "It will be some time.  Many years."  She inhaled and exhaled slowly before Ryall added.  "And when that time comes, your kind man must no longer be with us."
"That won't be a problem," she muttered.  "He's old.  In another fifteen years, he'll probably be gone."  The doctor nodded and tossed the towel aside.  "What about Max's life project?  How is that going?"
Donovan tilted his head and shrugged, "I've got my eye on things.  It won't go well as long as I'm in charge."
Constance squinted as a cloud revealed the sun, "How can you be sure?"
"There are about a dozen different projects around the world working on it.  Some are dealing with the mind, some with the body … none are working on both.  Both will be needed."
"And you?"
"My expertise is in the mind, so I'm working on minituarizing the technology that's keeping the Caesar alive.  A robotic body seems most likely for now."
He stood up and sighed as he prepared to re-enter the ocean.  Before he did, she asked, "When will you contact me again?"
He looked back, said, "When I need to," and dove in.
XI
BARAZ
158 Years Before the End

"It's time."  Karin turned away from the windows and followed Mione down the hallway.  "You got another call from Governor Dwarrick."
"Anything special?"
"No," Mione said.  "Just trying to get into your pants, I'm sure."  She smirked.  Baraz didn't find it amusing.
Her stride slowed and she turned part of the way toward her assistant, "Huban's launch today …"
"Yes."  Mione pressed the screen on her wristband.  "Went well.  Spacecraft is in orbit now."
"As soon as you hear anything about our cellular growth lattice, let me know."
"I will."
Karin walked past a security guard and into the prep room.  "Are you coming in?"
Mione pointed behind her, "I've got a load of things to do."  Baraz nodded and began scrubbing her hands in the sink.  "If you need me …"
"No," she said.  "That's fine."  As the younger woman left, Karin methodically washed her hands.  She counted each stroke.  She covered the same area the same number of times.  A lab tech emerged and got her coat and cleansuit ready.  She kicked her shoes into the bin, turned and put her left foot inside first.  Then her right.  She leaned forward as the tech pushed against her.  Baraz's arms stretched through the fabric and plastic and toward the gloves.  She felt constricted as he pulled the left side of the rear flap against her right side and affixed all of the closures.
He stepped to her front and raised his eyebrows.  "All good, ma'am?"
Karin nodded and moved toward the door.  He pressed a button and it slid into the wall.  She stepped forward and the door closed behind her.  A blast of air and disinfectant mist filled the small chamber.  The hatch at the other end opened and she moved through it and into the expansive laboratory.
"Good morning, Madam Baraz," another lab tech said.
"Good morning."  Karin was still organizing her thoughts.  She saw each of her questions and concerns numbered in a list.  As the tech connected hoses to the side of her suit, she decided to see the items on the list with bullet points instead of numbers.  She didn't want to ascribe more importance to one item over another.  At least not yet.
"Ready."
Baraz nodded and moved between the empty desks and toward the exam tables and tanks on the far side of the room.  Several researchers were there already, including her appointed lead on the project, Dr. Julian Hikka.
"Madam Baraz," he said.  He stepped aside and the other scientists bowed toward her slightly.  "This is an auspicious day."
"I hope so."  Hikka turned toward the tanks but Karin spoke up, "Before we begin, I want to thank all of you for your work.  I haven't been involved as I would have liked, given the company's move here from Attica and all the political dancing we had to do."  There were a couple of chuckles.  "Regardless, I am here now and eagerly awaiting the results."
Hikka nodded and he motioned toward a few illuminated jars.  One held a heart, another some muscle tissue, the third part of a brain …  "The donor gametes were thoroughly vetted for genetic maladies and screened.  We selected a few that suited our purposes and began fertilization and then routine organ replication.  Then we … altered them.  Made the muscles more durable.  The nerves regenerative.  That took a little time but not as much as I feared."
Karin was nodding, "Yes.  We've already begun incorporating that into our standard duplication services."  They moved toward an open door.  Hikka walked in first and the others followed him.  The lights were off, but once Baraz was in, someone flipped a switch and the room became illuminated.
In the center, two large tanks sat.  They were filled with a translucent fluid and two bodies floated within.  Her eyes widened and she leaned over to see inside.
"The fruits of our labors," Hikka said.  "We've named the female Gaia and the male Ouranos."
She squinted to see.  The fluid distorted their appearances, as did the walls of the tank and the protective faceplate of her suit.  "After the old gods …"
"It would have taken decades to get us to this point, but the extra funding, the concentration of hundreds of researchers …"
"You did this?" Karin asked.  "These are … clones?"
"Not exactly," Hikka said.  He shifted within his suit.  The tone his employer used was more adversarial than he anticipated.  "They are unique beings.  They were created in the lab and their growth accelerated, much like we do with our organs."
Baraz knelt down to see in the tank.  One of the scientists began to speak, "It took some time to find the right combination of conditions to accelerate an entire body's growth."
"There were failures?" Karin whispered.
The woman looked toward Hikka, who nodded.  The scientist said, "Yes.  Several."
Baraz realized her mouth had been hanging open.  She closed it and swallowed.  "Very well.  It is done."  She looked at everyone's expression and saw their concern.
Speed, she thought.  My primary instruction for Hikka was speed.
Karin inhaled and asked, "Approximate age?"
"Twenty-five," someone said.  "Full cerebral development age."
"And their brains," Baraz began, "how does that work?"
"Their brains consist of hand-arranged neurons, axon studding and fluidic transistors …" Karin's head snapped up.  "… with silica pathaways for faster conduction ..."
"Wait," Baraz said.  "'Hand-arranged?'"
"Yes, doctor," the researcher said.  "It was laborious …"
"I'm certain," Karin said.  "But that and fluidic transistors, silica … that's not genetic."
The scientists looked toward Hikka.  He turned toward Baraz and said, "My intent was to create a better being.  One that would live longer.  Healthier.  A faster mind and body."
Karin nodded.  "True, but this can't be passed on."  Hikka seemed confused.  "Reproduction, doctor.  That was one of the conditions of the Project."
His face didn't shift.  "Yes, but we felt it would be best to start from a position of strength.  We can adjust for … reproduction later."
For nearly four years, this project worked without her.  She wanted to be more involved but the business side of things kept pulling her.  She was distracted.  Now, she cursed herself for the decisions she made. 
"What other non-hereditary alterations were made?" she asked.
One of the researchers spoke softly, "Carbon strengthening of the bones.  Grapheet enhancements of the muscles and sense organs."
Baraz nodded and turned toward the door.  She closed her eyes and tried to slow her breathing.  The others said and did nothing.  She lost track of how long it took her to compose herself.  Finally, she turned slightly toward Hikka and said, quietly, "Come with me."
Hikka hesitated but he followed her out the door and into the larger laboratory.  He said nothing and watched Baraz.  Her eyes were flicking side to side before she finally looked up.
"You've cost us money and, more importantly, time."  He said nothing.  "You've built better people, but at the expense of one of the Caesar's primary requirements …"
"They can still have children," he interrupted.
"Really?"  Hikka nodded and Karin asked, "And will your enhancements be passed along?"
He paused.  "No."
"Exactly."  She inhaled and tried to think again.  "Their minds?"
"We've put information in there," Hikka said.  "Both with neuron manipulation and a direct data tap into the hippocampus."
"Have they been awakened yet?"
"No."
Baraz took a step away and turned slowly.  "This is what will happen.  I am taking over as head of the project."  Hikka lowered his head and she continued.  "You will remain, since you're more familiar with these people and the work you've done so far."
"Yes, doctor."
Finally.  "We will use Ouranos and Gaia as test subjects.  We'll try out new methods of memory transfer and such on them.  Has that been accomplished yet?"
"Piecemeal," he said.  "Not an entire mind."
"We'll need to work on that."  Karin moved back toward the room with their colleagues.  "We'll start from the pile tomorrow.  Pick and choose the genes we want.  Amplify what we can with genetics.  We'll make multiple subjects to test everything on."
"Yes, doctor."
She was about to enter the room when she stopped and said, "This is not a failure.  You have accomplished something … amazing.  Something BBM can use, for certain.  It's just not what we were looking for."
"I understand."
They entered the room and Baraz stared at the illuminated tanks.  The bodies just floated there.  There was no movement.  No wires that she could see led toward them.  These seemed to be shells of people, waiting.  For what, exactly, she wasn't certain.
XII
CAESAR
157 Years Before the End

"Ladies and gentlemen!" the announcer screamed into the microphone, "Lord Imperator Caesar Maxentius the Ninth!"  The crowd that had gathered and been gathered in Viminal Square below the palace roared and cheered.  The minister stepped away from the edge of the balcony, bent and backed toward one side.  
The Caesar strode out onto the deck.  His steps were slow and deliberate but his movements were certain.  He put his left hand on the marble rail and waved to the many thousands with his right.  His chest puffed out at their response and he pulled his head back, lifting his chin.  One side of his lip curled into a smile of satisfaction.
"Greetings, Tiberians!" he yelled.  "Today is a great day for the Empire and our people.  After years of effort, our Life Extension Project has yielded magnificent fruit!"  He paused, expecting more ovation, but none came.  He decided to focus instead on the video cameras.  "Dr. Ryall Donovan has worked tirelessly to better our lives and he has succeeded!"  He motioned toward the doctor.  He smiled, lowered his head and stepped forward.  "As decreed, Dr. Donovan will be handsomely rewarded and through his efforts, the people of Tiberia … and all Larsa … will benefit!"
The Caesar reached up and adjusted a stray tuft of his thick, brown hair … not because it bothered him but because he could.  "Despite this success, the Project will carry on!  Rewards will still be showered upon those who achieve our aims!  We still encourage the greatest minds in the world to strive toward this goal.  Make our bodies stronger and our minds enduring!  Conquer this, the last, greatest frontier!"
The crowd cheered again and Caesar stepped away from the microphones.  He waved and saluted before backing toward the doors.  Two Praetorian Guards opened them and he looked back to see that the entry was wide enough.  He smiled and kept waving.  He pulled on the edge of his purple cape and turned only once his feet crossed the threshold.  
Inside, the guards shut the doors and drew the curtains.  Caesar stalked toward a corner and cast aside his cape and underrobe.  He unzipped his tunic and threw it down, too.  The array of cables and wires that led from his lower back toward the floor was now fully exposed.  The lines coiled behind him and connected to the great gray cube that had been his only body for the past few years.
"I felt my left hand do it again, Donovan," Caesar said.  "It grabbed my cape without me telling it to."
The doctor removed an electronic notepad from his pocket and began to scribble with his finger.  "Understood, dominus."
Caesar braced himself with his right hand on the corner of the cube.  He forced his puppet to look at the blinking lights on the box's face, realizing that each flash meant he was thinking.  He sighed.  For the first time in several years, the Caesar sighed.  No air was inhaled or exhaled, yet his body seemed to unconsciously carry out that action.
He lifted his left arm and a panel of tan skin fell to the floor.  On the marble, the plastic clattered and the sharp noise echoed in the large room.  "See?"
Donovan stooped low and picked up the forearm cover.  "Yes, imperator."
"I still think this is remarkable, Caesar."  The leader turned to the corner where eight prefects stood.  Most of them were old and fat.  A couple used to be senators but now they were all rich supporters of the emperor and handed ancient but useless titles.  He needed these sychophants though he despised them.
"'Remarkable,' Prefect Gallian?" Caesar asked.  "I feel no different now than I did when I spent my days in the box."  He motioned toward it and another plastic skin-colored covering fell to the floor.  He glared at Donovan who scooped it up and began examining the clasps.  "I'm tethered to this frakking box as though I were an angry dog in someone's backyard!"
"You appear as a man of no more than thirty," Gallian said again.  Like a dissonant choir, the other prefects began to nod and verbally agree.  "Doctor Donovan has done a great service."
"One that we all will enjoy," another prefect added.
Caesar ignored them.  "My senses are no different."
"Your balance?" Donovan asked.
Caesar thought, "Seems to be better."  The doctor nodded.  "I feel … like I'm watching myself move from a great distance.  Like I'm operating a remote controlled toy."
Ryall smiled slightly, "You very nearly are, imperator."
The Caesar didn't respond.  He paced a few steps and then said, "You've given me some measure of mobility, doctor, and I thank you."  Donovan bowed low and the leader continued, "But more must be done."
"Of course, lord."
"I need to feel.  I need to smell."  Caesar recalled his nearly involuntary sigh.  "I would like to breathe again, doctor."
Donovan understood and nodded very slowly.  "Mobility was one step …"
"One you haven't fully realized, doctor," Caesar interrupted.
"Granted," Ryall muttered.  "Still, the body you are using is the most advanced unit ever produced on Larsa."
Caesar held up his hand and flexed his fingers.  "Needs work."
"I could store your memory itself in that body, lord," Donovan began, "but the components that drive your higher logic functions and your sensors … they are still much too large."
The imperator looked around the room.  He took a step toward the prefects when he felt the slack in the datacables tighten.  He looked behind himself and saw that the coils were beginning to drag with him across the floor.  Caesar reached for his lower back and ran his fingers around the circular connectors.  He stroked the cables away from his body and lifted a few of them up as he looked toward Donovan.
"I don't care how long and hard you must work, I don't care whose help you employ," Maxentius said, "I must evolve."
XIII
THE MESSENGERS
157 Years Before the End

Conflict.
It attracted the male tender and he drew toward it in the Iberian Sea.  His form coalesced by that of High Legate Toma Marcus.  He served the Caesar, a lead figure in the death of humanity.  The Messengers saw this.
"Status," Marcus said while he scanned the ocean with a monocular.
A sub-tribune held a computer display below his face and began to read, "The boats withdrew after their last attack.  Aerial units say they retreated back to the coast.  The same docks and villages as before."
Marcus sat down and placed the viewing device on the table.  He rubbed his eyes and looked across the faces of his senior staff.
The tender didn't interfere, but he looked into the mind of the high legate.  He sensed the frustration.  More than three years here on Gela.  Dozens of attacks on the port by fishermen with old weapons.  He felt fear, too.  One of the two legions sent here had been recalled only a month ago.  Marcus worried that, if a full attack came, he wouldn't be prepared with only one legion.
"My lord," a centurion said as she ran into the room.  "Word from Tiber."
Marcus straightened and pulled on the lower edge of his tunic.  "Speak."
The young woman lifted her device and pressed the screen.  Her eyes scanned it first and then she read, "Lord Imperator Caesar Maxentius the Ninth names High Legate Toma Marcus his Magister."  The older man's head lowered but she continued, "The Senate of Tiberia has voted to support the imperator's actions to defend the island of Gela and the port of Ofun.  The Magister shall use whatever force is necessary to quell these attacks and prevent further incursions upon the sovereign land of the Tiberian Empire."
Marcus nodded and stood.  "Very well."  His voice was nearly a whisper.  The male Messenger listened to his inner mind.  Finally.  Action, after so long.  Are we ready?  'Whatever force is necessary' … what does that mean?
The tender listened to each of the tribunes and generals in the room.  Their minds also reeled with doubt and questions.  Fear and excitement.  Their respiration quickened and the high legate began to give orders for the movement of their forces.
The Messenger cast himself from that room and across the body of water.  He found the shores of Dogura and the tiny villages targeted by the Caesar's eye.  Families slept in huts by the beach.  Substantial buildings stood upon the hillside.  Ofun's attackers left the fishing boats, moved quietly between the structures and toward waiting vehicles that bore them from the coast.
The tender passed through the wooden walls and saw the dreams of the people inside.  Surrealist, absurdist, realistic.  Echoes of thought and memory.  A child play by a pond, tossing food into red water.  A young boy ran through the forest on four legs, hunting a rabbit.  The father dug ditches in the scorching sunlight while his long-dead grandmother yelled at him.
He looked to the thoughts of the conscious mother.  She lay awake in bed, pondering the next day's meals.  There wasn't enough food for them all and she would go without again.
The Messenger moved to another building and watched a fisherman cradle his infant child.
"Go to sleep," he told his wife.  "It is my turn."
The child cried and the father tempted her lips with the nipple of a bottle.  She suckled for a moment but then spat it out and cried again.  The father's head rolled back and he swore quietly.
Why won't you sleep?! he screamed in his head.  Please, just go to sleep!  His mind fired in a rage and his thoughts cried in anger.  And then he did something that surprised the tender.  He kissed the child's forehead.  The emotions that boiled within his mind began to subside.  He cradled the baby and all seemed well.
Then the Tiberians came.
It began with a volley of rockets fired by a line of gyrocopters.  Dozens streaked through the air and rent the sand and stone open with explosions.  The dreams of the sleeping vaporized into nothingness.  The Messenger was flooded with their bursts of fear.
Another volley tore into the seaside huts.  Wood splintered and pierced the skin of the people inside.  They didn't react because the detonations knocked them unconscious or worse.
The tender stood and watched. 
The gyrocopters roared overhead and their cannons fired hundreds of projectiles into the homes and vehicles.  More rockets were launched and the larger homes on the hill quaked and cracked.  Screams finally began to be heard above the destruction.  People fled into the streets.
The male drifted into the wrecked remnant of one structure.  The colorful dreams were gone.  Their emotions were silent.  Before, their thoughts seemed tethered to these people's minds, forming a tapestry all around the Messenger.  Now the strings had been cut.  The tapestry was tattered and no spark was left in these people.
A woman screamed and the tender saw.  Her fisherman husband lay dead, clutching, protecting the dead body of their child.  She wailed.
The Messenger felt the damage done to this world's tree.

The female tender dwelled with a family near the Getulian Desert in the nation of Ghattaffan.  The mother, Minah Gaber, was working in a marketplace.  She stood behind a cart filled with baskets of fruits and other items.
"Fresh dates!" she called.  "Apples from the east!" 
An older woman approached and looked over the goods.  "How much for the apples?"
Gaber smiled and said, "Only two dira each."  The older woman didn't see this as a deal.  She was ready to scoff when Minah said, "Buy four and get the fifth free."
Her wrinkled brow lifted and she said, "Done."  She removed the bills from her pocket and counted them out.  She gave four to Gaber as she deposited the fruit in her canvas bag.  
When the customer left, Minah began to speak to herself in her mind.  
Thank you, God, for this.  I beg you to please send another.
As she finished the thought, a man approached, chewing part of his sandwich, and said, "Give me a box of almonds."
She smiled and pulled a white paper box from under the cart.  "Three dira, please."
Without a word, the man tossed three bills onto the cart and took the box from her hands.  
Minah gleefully put the money away and thought to herself, Thank you, God, again.  I humbly ask you to send another customer to me.
The tender looked about and saw no one who would approach.  Still, Gaber seemed pleased.  She hummed music and trumpeted the goods she had for sale to each person who walked past.  The lunch period ended and the market quieted considerably.  Minah, whose dark desert skin contrasted with her wide, white smile, began to hum.
The Messenger looked deeper in her mind.  She scanned through her memories and saw the connective tissue of her faith.  She was Ramani, a centuries-old offshoot of the Median Church.  The female withdrew as the threads grew muddled.  She needed to look into the past further than this one person could remember.  She sought the minds still tied to the roots of this world's tree.
Ancient Badaria … many thousands of years ago.  Scattered tribes with multiple deities began to unify.  Years after that, wars eliminated whole nations.  Gods mingled in the people's minds; some were lost through attrition.  Ice crept upon the world an age later.  Many thousands of people risked the grinding ice of the north and walked across the ocean to eastern Isinnia.  Others sailed and reached western Eridia and western Isinnia.  They took with them the deities of the old lands.
War continued in the new regions for centuries.  One victorious tribal nation exalted their deity of the sky above the rest, becoming the first major monotheist group.  Ohr Zahd, they called it, and whosoever they conquered were compelled to worship him.  Through the ages, new leaders and new priests adjusted the message.  Books were written.  Holy scriptures composed by committee.  The word of Ohr Zahd spread.  By the time the Atticans grew into a major power, with their worship of Cronus and his Pantheon of Titans, the violence of Ohr Zahd's believers waned and they converted through speech and evangelizing.  Isinnia was fractured by regional beliefs; still of the one formerly called Ohr Zahd, yet differing in tone and message.  A unifying force was needed and a middle path was forged.  The Median Church was founded.  A large power, the Church converted the remaining nations of other beliefs with the edge of their sword.  So much time had passed.  New thoughts led to branching from the Median Church and strife still existed among the separate similar faiths, sometimes marked by violence, but mostly not.  
The female Messenger refocused herself on Minah Gaber.  Her faith was the product of millennia of warfare, imagination, compromise, survival.  It was remarkable.  
Hours after her last sale, the woman was still smiling and still speaking to her god in her mind.  The tender found this remarkable, too.  She called on her god and her deity gave no answer.  No customers arrived.  Yet her steadfastness remained.
The evening came.  Customers returned to the market and an envigorated Minah stood and yelled out the contents of her cart.  No one stopped.
The tender drifted into the center of the lane as people passed Gaber and continued on their way to the main area.  A man came near and the Messenger leaned forward and said, "Fruit."
The man stopped, looked through the tender and turned toward Minah.  He took three steps and said, "A box of dates, please."
Gaber smiled and exchanged the goods.  When the man had gone, she thought, Thank you, God.  Please send another.
The female felt some pleasure at that, to her surprise.  She looked into the stream of potential customers and whispered simple instructions at several more.
XIV
VITELUS
157 Years Before the End

The doctor pushed his hand into the glove.  It was thick and heavy, but he could lift it, even though he was so very tired.
"Not that tired," he said out loud.  "I can go."
Once his arm was in up to his shoulder, Dr. Gram Vitelus held it up and looked through the glass case at it.
"Lattice intact," he said.  "Charged.  Clean.  Ready to go."  His voice trailed off and he continued to mumble, "Ready to go.  Go.  Go."
He lost all help on his project two years ago.  He stayed up far longer than he should have and he began to hallucinate.  He knew someone was in the room with him.  He yelled and destroyed furniture.  He nearly destroyed all his work before a student stopped him.  Vitelus got some sleep, nearly an entire day, but when he woke, he was no better.  He spoke to himself out loud.  He twitched.  He was paranoid.
"Ready to dip.  Dip, dip.  Double dip," he said.
With a manipulator arm, Gram removed the cap on his vat of wolfram cells.  He turned his gloved hand down and slowly inserted it into the container.
"Warm."  He kept speaking as he sank it to his elbow.  "Tight.  Lots of pressure."  He looked over at a computer screen.  The three bars displayed were all blue.  He nodded and tapped a key on the panel.  There was a high-pitched whine and then he slumped toward the tank.  "Very heavy.  Very warm."
The computer beeped and Vitelus pulled his arm from the vat.  The shiny metallic spheres clung to him in great globs situated along the lines of the lattice on the glove.  Gram smiled and jumped up and down a little.  Once it was free of the container, he used the arm to replace the top.
"Now's the time."  He pushed another button.  "Fun."
The globs flattened and coated the entire length of the glove.  Vitelus smiled again and he spread his fingers apart.  It was like an armored glove from the knights of fairy tales.  It was flexible and malleable.  It seemed to glow and, when he held it up to the glass, it acted like a mirror, perfectly reflecting his tired face.
"Fun time," he said.  He pushed another button and the surface of the metal skin rippled, grew dim and dull, and then became red.  He jumped as high as he could with his arm still inside.  He bit his knuckle and laughed through the pain.  "Good!" he yelled.  "More to do."
He pushed a couple of keys and the red surface became shiny like before.  It rippled and swelled, making his arm seem twice as large.  His tests were going better than expected.
A dart struck his neck.
Vitelus fell against the case and the shiny metal arm inside the contained area hit the closed vat.  Nothing happened to it, but the shock of the impact caused the wolfram cells to shimmer and lose their shape.  
"Clear," a soldier said.  Seven men came inside and began to sweep equipment and books into large bins.  The armed soldier pressed his fingers against the doctor's throat and nodded.  "He's good.  Bag him up."
One of the soldiers stopped at the case and stared at the gleaming metal glove inside.  "What about this?"
The leader looked in the case and raised his eyebrows, "Bring it all."
XV
AHLJAELA
156 Years Before the End

His coughing woke him.
Mar sat up in bed and his wife brought a damp cloth to his mouth.  She smacked his back and said, "Get it up."
He coughed a large, quaking expectoration and a cloudy glob poured from his mouth into the cloth.  He looked at it and nodded.  "Not as bad as before."
"Yes," she said.  She dropped the cloth in a bin and said, "The bleeding seems to have stopped."
Mar flopped back onto his pillow.  He heard birds chirping and he looked toward the window.  They were still blocked by the large wicker panels.  "Open them, please."
Laphé complied and bright daylight poured in.  Mar covered his face for a moment until he could adjust.  "The children are outside.  I don't know if it's good for them to see you just yet."
"Yes," he said.  "I don't want to risk it."  He adjusted the covers before a horror washed over him.  He sat up straight and began to push the blankets off.  "What day is it?!"
"No, no," his wife said, "you don't have to go until tomorrow."  Mar relaxed some and slowly replaced the sheets.  "You haven't rested one full day yet."
"I'm sorry," he said.  
"Don't be.  You're ill."
Ahljaela looked toward the blue sky.  The trees on the nearby slopes were green.  The day seemed bright and colorful.  So different than his time at the factory.
"I had to use a denar to ride the bus part of the way home.  I just couldn't walk."
"You told me yesterday," Laphé said.  "You don't have to apologize."
He felt like he had to.  Over the last few months, it seemed like they had fewer and fewer denars to put in the jar each week.  On occasion, they had to take some out to fix the house or pay for a doctor after Rovil broke his arm.  
"Do you think you'll be ready to go back to work tomorrow?"
He paused.  "Yes."
It was a lie.
Mar turned from the window and looked at the corner of the bedroom.  Shadows fell toward the floor and his eyes scanned the lines of the wood.  He was in the same position three days ago.  Resting on his bunk, in the same room with nearly a dozen men.  They were all coughing.  Two were coughing blood.
The smell of sweat was everywhere, like usual.  But there was also the odor of dried feces, the metallic hint of blood.  Mar was staring at the shadows in the corner of the small room when he first felt the urge to cough.  Once he did, it didn't stop.
By morning, almost a third of Siler River Plastics' workers were ill.  The foremen tried to whip them into shape, but that only worked with those who only just began to show the symptoms.  For the rest, they couldn't even move.
A masked doctor came by at lunch time.  He examined many of the men and said it would pass in a few days.  The bosses were not pleased.  Those who could stand were forced to work.  Those who didn't were told to leave.
He coughed and wheezed for two days.  Blood ran from his mouth and mucous filled a plastic bag, but Mar kept working.  He pulled plastic frames from molds and set them on conveyor belts for fourteen hours.
Even if the sickness passed, how much more could he take?
XVI
BARAZ
156 Years Before the End

Karin held the clear pane of glass gingerly.  She swiped her finger across the top and the lights went away.  She looked at her companions and nodded.
"Should I take that?" Mione said.
"Yes, please."  Baraz straightened her suit jacket and began reciting the opening lines in her head.  There were three points to be made and she could get them out easily enough.  If the press had questions, she could steer them back to one of her previously made points.  Simple.
"It's time."
Karin nodded and looked at the tall male and female behind her.  "Ready?"
They both nodded.
Mione parted the curtains and the three strode out onto the dais.  There were a few camera flashes and only two bright lights for video.  Baraz scanned the room and was surprised to see so few people had come.  She raised a single eyebrow and approached the podium while the man and woman behind her stood to one side.
"Good morning."  A few buttons were pressed in the audience and their devices began to record.  "Baraz Bio Medical is pleased to introduce, today, two people who will change the world."  The duo stepped forward.  "This is Ouranos."  The tall, muscular, dark-haired man nodded.  "And this is Gaia."  Only slightly shorter than he, the athletic brunette nodded, too.  "They are the first artificially created people in history."
Karin paused and kept a peripheral eye on the press.  A few eyes widened.  Some turned their heads side-to-side to look at their fellow reporters.  The rest simply sat still.  Perhaps they missed it.
"Using gene manipulation and artificial enhancements, Ouranos and Gaia were created three years ago.  Thanks to BBM's cell growth technology, they were aged and then the long process of giving them our knowledge began."  As she spoke, Baraz noticed the light clamor in the room.  "Strong, fast, intelligent, they are …"
"What are you saying?" one reporter shouted.  "You made them in a lab?"
Karin's eyebrows twitched upward for a second before she reined them in.  "Yes.  Precisely that."  Everyone turned to look at them at once.
"Why?" someone said.
Might as well move on to point two, Baraz thought.  "The project began initially as an answer to Caesar Maxentius' life extension challenge."  More rumblings in the room.  "It was a means to expand BBM's horizons.  Something we couldn't do while we remained in Attica, so we came to Doria.  We pursued every available avenue in genetic research, freed from absurd government restrictions and cumbersome worker demands.  By creating these people, we have exponentially pushed the bounds of our knowledge in medicine, chemistry, computers, …"
"Dr. Baraz," someone shouted, "how could you do this?"
She tilted her head in confusion.  "I could explain, but it would be tedious …"
"No," he said, "how?"  He emphasized the last word this time.
Karin nodded.  "You mean to ask, 'How dare I?'"
There was a pause and then he said, softly, "Yes."
"When you hear the stories of people around the world suffering from simple ailments, ones we could cure in a day here … In a few years' time, we will have progressed so very far from where we are now.  We will be able to share, with everyone, the medicine and knowledge we learn from these two."
"At a nice profit for you," someone muttered.
Baraz held up her hand, "We don't operate in a vaccum.  This kind of research is not cheap.  But, let me assure you, once we have perfected the processes at work here, BBM will do everything in our power to see that the world benefits.  We have outreach programs already.  You know that.  Our medicines are regularly distributed in Scythia and Illyria for free.  I intend to do the same for the technology we develop from Ouranos and Gaia."  And there's point three.
"Do these people have … personalities?" a woman asked.
Karin looked toward them and Ouranos nodded.  "Indeed we do."  Cameras clicked.
"Um," the woman stammered, "what … what are you thinking right now?"
Ouranos grinned slightly.  "That I have work to do.  Work that I'd rather be doing."  The room was silent.  "Gaia?"
She stepped forward and said, "I'm thinking about work, too, but this is a welcome distraction."
A man stood up.  "You're only three years old?"
"Yes," Gaia answered.  "Our bodies were aged to about twenty-five to allow for maximum nervous system development and then the knowledge implantation began."
"'Implantation?'  How does that work?"
Ouranos shrugged and said, "It sounds worse than it is.  A special organic computer cable was plugged directly into our brains and information about many subjects, memories … They were transmitted to us and our brains stored that knowledge.  Thanks to neural regeneration, we were able to absorb far more than three years worth."
Another man stood.  "What kinds of memories?  Other people's?"
"In some cases," Ouranos said.
"Usually it was someone in the lab who volunteered," Gaia said.  "We got to see sunny days before we ever left our tanks.  We smelled the air after a summer thunderstorm."
"Felt queasy on a sailing trip," he said.  Gaia chuckled and Ouranos said, "Because we were given the same knowledge and experiences, it's like we did these things together."
Baraz smiled.  They were doing better than she expected.  
"Dr. Baraz," a reporter sat back down and continued, "this is amazing.  Obviously."  Karin nodded.  "Are they going to be … uh, turned over to Tiberia?  For the Caesar's project?"
She took in a deep breath and put her hands on either side of the podium.  "At first, that was the plan."  There was murmuring in the room and she looked at the duo.  "That all changed when they woke up.  Immediately, I saw much more promise in keeping them here."  A few reporters began to talk over each other but Baraz lifted her hands.  "That's all for today.  More information will be forthcoming.  Thank you for your time."  As the three walked off stage, flashes and more questions bombarded them.  Mione parted the curtains and they entered the hallway quickly.  
Baraz moved into the elevator and the others followed.  She looked at both Ouranos and Gaia.  "What do you think?"
He nodded and spoke first, "I believe it went well."
"They were, perhaps, a bit stunned by the news," Gaia said.  "I'm sure their questions would have been better if they were more prepared."
Karin scoffed.  "Don't give the media too much credit."  Mione laughed.  "Are you ready to get back?"
They nodded as the doors opened.  Baraz and the pair exited while Mione rode the lift back up to the administrative levels.
In the clean room, Karin washed her hands thoroughly as assistants readied protective garments for her.  Ouranos and Gaia went through a different door where they would be blasted with water and disinfectants.  After a few minutes, they emerged in the lab and took their usual places on the exam tables.
Karin looked through the large faceplate of her suit across the main room.  Twelve large canisters holding a thick, golden fluid lit the chamber.  If she stared hard enough, she could discern the young beings within.
XVII
CAESAR
156 Years Before the End

The Caesar stood on the balcony and overlooked Viminal Square.  Thousands of people lined every sidewalk and corner within sight.  The cheers to the east were deafening and the leader turned toward them.
He stood, braced against the marble railings.  The cables connecting him to his box were covered by his cape and the Praetorians behind him.  He smiled and pretended to seem interested in all that transpired but his mind was elsewhere.
Doria.  Dr. Karin Baraz.  She and her team not only created artificially engineered bodies but they also developed brains that could have information inserted, including memories.  It was the truest fulfillment yet of the Caesar's project.  Not Donovan's robots.  Not the living metal from that Nandian scientist.
"Was she on your watch list or not, doctor?" Caesar yelled two weeks before.
"She was, imperator," he answered, sheepishly.  "But I regarded her efforts as inferior.  Her expertise lied in the realm of cloning and I anticipated that her skill could go no further than the duplication of a body."
"You were in error," Caesar said.  It didn't seem possible, but Donovan lowered his head more.  
The closet on the other side of the room burst open.  The man looked toward it and he watched the plastic and metal puppet of the Caesar lurch forth and stalk across the marble-patterned floor.  He lifted an arm, partially obscured in a purple cape, and leveled a finger at the doctor.
"You have had years to solve this!"  Though the machine's mouth was open, the Caesar's voice emanated from every corner of the room.  "I am a tethered mannequin!"  He pulled the cape from his shoulders and tossed it aside.  "I am a child's toy soldier!"  His fingers dug into the crease by his collarbone and he gripped the plastic panel.  With a jerk, two parts of the chest came free and he threw them across the room.  The metallic processors and machinery beneath were exposed and the Caesar held his hands under the hole to draw Donovan's gaze toward it.  "I cannot … continue to pretend … that I am alive."
The doctor lowered himself to one knee and mumbled, "Yes, my lord."
"You have teased me with this body!" he yelled.  "With my mind, I can scour the Matrix and keep watch over nearly anything and anyone …" Caesar bent low so he could see more of the doctor's face, "but my box can't stand the extra labor.  Heat builds up.  My processors become cluttered.  I was taunted with the promise of nearly infinite control and you took that from me as well."
"I beg your leave, lord, that I may continue my work."
He saw the waveform of Donovan's voice in his mind.  The quivers and cracking were apparent.  Caesar heard his fear and stood.  He lifted the head of his puppet and said, "Go.  Do not return until you have something to report."  The doctor said nothing and backed out of the room.
Two weeks later, the Caesar's puppet stood again.  The parade was only now beginning to reach the Square.  Large screens were positioned strategically to show those beyond the curb what transpired.  Millions at home could see it, too.
A Triumph.  The first in more than fifty years.  The last one was accorded to Caesar Maxentius IX himself, just four years before assuming office and fresh from his victory over the Atticans at Strand.  He watched this one from his balcony … a break with tradition.  Toma Marcus understood why, but the citizens wouldn't.  Health reasons.  That's what they were told.
Senators began their parade through the Square.  Once the entire membership was standing before the balcony, they turned, pressed their fists against their hearts and bowed.  The imperator also saluted with his fist yet he did not bow.
The Senators moved on and the trumpeters entered.  They played and marched past until the white bulls came through.  For a second, Caesar thought he may have missed the floats with the spoils until he remembered there were no spoils taken from Dogura or Jomon.  
There were attacks from terrorists using Doguran ports.  As ordered, the legions responded with force, destroying several coastal villages before intelligence found the culprits.  Jomon nationalists, sneaking into their neighboring island nation to wreak havoc.  To make things look better, the villages were said to be allied with the Jomoni.  Some in the international media didn't believe this but it didn't matter.  The legion moved to Jomon and did its duty there.  Victory was assured before the first boot touched sand.
A cart moved before the balcony, holding the shackled perpetrators of the attacks.  Terrorists not aligned with their government.  They had been tried and convicted in Tiberian courts.  Tomorrow, once the Triumph was complete, they would be executed.  With the sword of the Magister stabbed into his desk, the president of Jomon was only too happy to comply and hand over all the information and people the invaders wanted.
Caesar thought again of Ouranos and Gaia.  They seemed like any other people.  He thought it possible that it was part of some elaborate Attican ruse, but his own intelligence consul confirmed Donovan's spy reports.  Baraz was disenchanted with Attica.  She was highly intelligent and capable.  Her firm could have done this.  A small team working for years had done it.  
"I want them," Ceasar told Consul Carmen.  
She shook her head, "Imperator, it would not be as simple as the Nandian operation."
"Why?"
"BBM has a great deal of security.  The labs are below ground level.  It would require a full military operation and not a simple extraction team."
Caesar was snapped from his memory by the thunderous roar of the crowd.  The ancient chariot bearing High Legate Toma Marcus came around the corner and entered Viminal Square.  Confetti and streamers were launched into the air and caught by the breeze.  He wore his formal dress uniform, swathed in a purple toga as a symbol of the Caesar's approval.  His face was not painted red; that was a privilege saved for the Triumph of an emperor.  The mementic stood behind Marcus, holding the golden wreath above his head and saying the words that only a recipient of the Triumph would ever hear.  
The chariot stopped before the balcony and the imperator spoke.  "My Magister," the crowd quieted some, but they cheered at the use of the rare title.  "High Legate Toma Marcus, Senator of Brixia …"  A clutch of people in the crowd cheered loudly again.  "Your fellow Senators have conferred upon you this great honor and I gladly bestow it."  The people respectfully applauded and Marcus lowered his head.  "From this day forward, Toma Marcus, you will be called Triumphator!"  The Caesar cast his arms high and the people roared again.
Marcus put his fist against his chest and spoke loudly, "Thank you, Lord Imperator!"
The chariot lurched forward and carried him to the second half of his route.  The soldiers of his primary company, without weapons, followed, bearing flowers and treats from the Iberian islands they raided.  They cast them into the crowd and took more from the float in their midst.
The Caesar backed into his palace before the company finished their parade past the balcony.  He moved his puppet to its closet while the attendants cleared the path of chairs and people.
"A spectacular Triumph, lord," Prefect Gallian said.  The Caesar automaton didn't look at him.  The man was nearly eighty and his weight was four times that.  "Surely there will be more in the future."
While the body was snapped into place, the imperator pondered whether this was a question.  "Of course there will be more Triumphs, prefect."  The closet doors were pushed shut and the dozen or so elites turned their attention toward the blinking gray and black cube.  "It is only a matter of time."
"Indeed, great Caesar," Prefect Titus said.  
Sycophants, the box thought.  Hangers on.  
"And the games, imperator?" Titus asked.
"Three days worth," the room's speakers crackled.
Gallian hobbled over on his cane and looked about the room.  "Where is Doctor Donovan, lord?  I had hoped to speak with him."
Certainly you did, Caesar thought.  "He is busy.  Redoubling his efforts after recent events."
Gallian seemed disappointed.  "I see."
"Hoping to buy your way into a cube like mine?" Caesar said.
The prefect stopped still and his lips parted.  He made no sound but his eyes darted toward the other prefects.  Caesar could see their expressions.  They, too, wanted Donovan.
Gallian lowered his head and said, "Truthfully, Caesar, yes.  I fear Crius may call me to his realm sooner than I am prepared."
"I appreciate your honesty."  The prefects sighed and relaxed.  "You may call on him with my blessings.  Perhaps having more boxes to tend will spur him toward new horizons."
The prefects all bowed and thanked him.  As they did, Caesar turned his mind toward the Triumph.  Marcus still had a few kilometers remaining on his route before the feasts and parties of the night.  The people clamored for him.  A hero.  Something they've not had for some time.
If he sought to supplant me, he thought, he could be victorious.  I have no children.  My brother is mad and in exile.  A triumphator has taken over the line of succession before …
Lucius Sullivan.
If the Caesar still had a mouth, he would have spat.
I will keep Marcus within sight.
XVIII
THE MESSENGERS
156 Years Before the End

In Ghattaffan, the female tender spent her time with Minah Gaber and her family.  Nine people lived in a single, small home and they were all faithful to the tenets of Ramani beliefs.
This intrigued the Messenger.  For a year, she observed and listened to all that these people did and thought.  Their minds were turned toward "God" so often.  Even when evidence did not point toward the intervention of a divine entity, it still was praised.
A few months ago when a drought gripped the area, the farmer for whom they all labored considered laying them off and not paying them.  This could have meant their starvation so Minah and her family prayed constantly for rain.  Six more days passed after the farmer told them of his dire situation before a drop fell.  When it did, the family rejoiced and praised God for their fortunes.  The farmer said he could keep them on, after all.  The same storm caused flooding at a different farm and also swept away three people to their deaths.  Somehow, though their deity got the credit for the rain and the good news, it was not blamed for the related deaths and destruction.
It was fascinating.
The Gabers were sitting down to their nightly meal.  Meager, by most standards, but they smiled and were happy.
"Be quiet, Jarrek," Minah said.  The young boy became still.  "My God," she began, "we thank you so much for all that you have given us.  Thank you for the fields and the food that comes from them.  Thank you for the work that busies our hands and provides all we have.  Thank you for the teachers who give our little ones their lessons."
She continued to pray but the Messenger left the common room and entered a dark bedroom nearby.  There she found Nami, Minah's eleven-year-old daughter.  She had a fever and an infection racked her lungs.  She grew weaker each day.  The tender stood near her and listened to her labored breathing.  Then it stopped.  The girl opened her eyes and she looked at the ceiling.  Her breathing began again and she thought.
God, please make me better.  I promise I will be good.  I will do whatever you want.  Please, make me better.
The Messenger heard Nami pray this way before.  Her condition only worsened and her thoughts grew more plaintive.  The tender searched the girl's mind and found that she was already "good."  She committed no wrongs against others.  There was teasing among her siblings and friends, but she repented of that and got their forgiveness.  What more could she do?
Nami's eyes drifted to the left and the Messenger felt that they landed on her.
A flood of thoughts befell her.  She was a being beyond their understanding.  Could she cure the child?  She looked within the girl's lungs and saw the infection.  The tender could eradicate it all … but that would be too much.  "Subtle urgings," she had said.  To interfere so directly would run counter to their mission.  She peered through the haze and saw no outcome where Nami survived and contributed to the tree beyond her few years.  
The door opened and Minah came in.  "Hello," she whispered.  The girl smiled and tried to sit up, but her mother touched her shoulder and shushed her.  "Stay still.  Chicken broth tonight."
"Good," Nami said.  
As the girl sipped from the spoon, Minah thought, Please, God, make my child well.  She paused and then thought, If it is not part of your plan, … I will try to understand.
The Messenger was again intrigued.  A belief in a kind of predestination.  That this "God" has a plan for all beings.  The tender wondered at this and thought of The One and the Plan to which the duo was committed.
She resisted the urge to intervene this time.  The Plan was for the continuation of life, even though this child's life would end.

The male tender was again drawn to conflict.  He found it daily in the shattered nation of Susso.  Regions of the southern continent were ruled by petty tyrants and the central government was powerless to stop them.  After centuries of mining, their deposits of gold had been exhausted yet their spending continued unabated.  Decades passed and the people suffered as a lack of work and support fell.  The malicious took control.
The Messenger saw it repeatedly.  One warlord espoused a view of his deity using holy works as justification and rampaged over the plains.  Thousands were killed, including many who believed in the same deity, yet their interpretation of the same holy books led them to be passive.  Another man raised an army among his neighbors and took to the streets to execute any he felt to be "impure," those who happened to be a few shades too light skinned.  A woman ruled the foothills and commanded loyalty with the edge of her grain-harvesting blade.  She engendered devotion among her followers and repaid it with kindness, but many heads toppled from shoulders before that respect came to her from those outside her group.
In the village of Krina, the familes of farmers huddled in stone homes.  A group of marauders, several of whom were children, entered town with rifles, torches, and swords.  The tender stood and watched.
"Go left!" the leader shouted.  "Go right!" he said to another part of his group.  The men fanned out and one threw the flame onto a thatched roof.  As smoke billowed, people inside began to scream.  
The Messenger went to the gang's leader and listened to his thoughts.  Good well.  Clean stream.  Much better than in the south where the water is still poisoned from the mines.  Strong homes.  We can live here easily.  "No more fire!" he shouted.  
Three women darted from the home with the burning roof.  The men dropped to one knee and began to shoot.  Bullets danced on the stone walls and ripped the women's flesh.  Screaming erupted from elsewhere in the village and more people ran from their homes.  All of the men stopped and began to fire.
The tender drifted among the bullets and toward the homes.  He had seen it so many times that he didn't get emotional about it any longer.
Emotional.  An interesting word for him.  It barely applied to a being of his kind but he couldn't deny the … feelings as he witnessed the violence he had over the past year.
Farmers, drawn by the gunfire, ran through the fields to the village.  They were snatched up quickly and dragged toward the leader.
"What is the name of this place?"
The older man he asked didn't answer.
The leader whipped his arm forward and the edge of his blade sliced through his throat.  Redness gushed and sprayed into the air.  He pointed the long dagger at the next man and said, "You?"
"Krina.  It's called Krina."
The leader nodded and said, "I will like it here."  His fighters laughed and the farmer struggled a bit.
"Why are you here?  What have we done?"
The leader leaned over and said, "God told us to come here.  He said you had a nice place and," he stood, spreading his arms wide, "God was not wrong."  The men and boys laughed again.
More people ran from their homes and they were fired upon.  The captive farmers struggled and screamed.  
The Messenger found one home with people still inside.  Two women and three children.  He stood in the middle of the room and thought about what awaited them if they fled.  He turned his attention toward the invaders and saw that they were occupied now, beating the remaining men.  Some now pulled surviving women to the leader.  They would be raped.  
He bent low and whispered to the women in this house.  "Go.  Into the tall grass."
They looked at each other and they stood up.  As soon as they did, they hesitated and then crouched low.  
"Go," he said again.  They didn't move.  This 'urging' wasn't enough.  Fear still gripped them.
He straightened up and paused.  The Messenger then did something he had not done before.  
He made himself visible.
His form was white.  It carried a light within it but it was not blinding.  He seemed to be man-high, but with no discernable limbs.  His head was without a face but it turned to look at the cowering people.
The women were taken aback and the children began to scream.  Their mothers cupped their hands over the little ones' mouths.
In the most minute span of time, the tender looked into the women's minds.  He saw that they were sisters and they had been thinking of their father.  As quickly as he had appeared, he shifted his guise to this man they loved.
He leaned forward and said with urgency in his voice, "Go!  Run into the grass!  They won't see if you hurry!"
The mothers were shocked but they scooped up the children and ran for the door.  They opened it, crouched low and ran to the rear of the home and then into the meter-high grass beyond the village.  They were not spotted.
The Messenger gave up the visage of their father and followed them.  Moments later, they encountered other farmers who were rushing toward the town.  They knelt in the grass and tearfully shared all that happened.  They stifled their cries and remorsefully turned away from Krina and moved to another neighboring village.
The tender watched them go.  He thought again about what he did.  It was a decision made hastily, but it worked.  Using the appearance of someone known to the subject worked far better than the occasional urgings he employed in the past.  
That their father had been dead for ten years didn't seem to matter. 
XIX
OURANOS
154 Years Before the End

He waved the device over her body.  When he looked at the screen, he saw nothing.
"At it again?" a lab technician asked.
Ouranos pushed a few buttons and said, "Yes."
The man shook his head.  "Next time we work on you, we'll have to remove your stubborn gland."
Ouranos ignored him and leaned over the tank.  Inside, a woman's body was suspended in a golden ichor and thin wires led from the back of her head and into a processor nearby.  He held up a pane of glass and read the information that scrolled across it.  As he put it back down, he heard Karin Baraz on the other side of the lab.
"Bring it higher.  Higher."
Ouranos looked and he saw several people crowded around a container.  A body was strapped to a slab and the golden liquid streamed off him and down into the tank.
"That's good," Baraz said.  "Let's get a reading first."  They lifted their devices and scanned the man.  
As he watched them work, Ouranos stared at Karin.  He felt a twinge of nostalgia, though he didn't know to identify it as such.  He missed his long hours with her and Gaia, just the three of them.  Certainly, much of that time was spent with him and Gaia on an exam table, but Baraz spoke to them like people.  She seemed to care.  Now that the others were getting ready, Karin became more absent.
Ouranos sighed and looked down at the woman in his tank.  She was attractive, like all the other new ones.  Thin with long, light brown hair.  He heard steps behind him and as he turned, the technician named Kandall pulled his left arm up.
"What are you doing?" Ouranos barked.
Kandall seemed surprised.  "I need to examine one of the nodes in your arm."  He furrowed his brow and scoffed dismissively.
Ouranos stood and towered over the man.  He leaned forward and spoke softly but firmly.  "Ask."
Kandall's eyes widened and he swallowed.  "May I … scan your arm nodes?"
Ouranos nodded and stretched his limb out.
Kandall swept a device around the wrist, then the elbow and then the shoulder before walking away.
Ouranos turned back to his instruments and said under his breath, "You're welcome."
He looked into the tank and held his computer over the liquid.  The readings still weren't there.  He shook his head and pressed another button.  One more time.  A light flashed on the unit and he pressed it.  The information was sent.  
Ouranos waited.
Beep.
The device illuminated and a waveform showed a strong signal.  He stood and smiled broadly.  He looked into the tank and removed the wires from the body's head.  He flicked his hand side to side throwing streams of the liquid against the walls of glass.  He pressed another button and the signal remained strong.
"Ouranos," Gaia said, "they're waking him."
"Just a minute," he said.  
Gaia glanced at the propped up being on the far side of the room and then walked toward Ouranos.  "How are things?"
"Very good."  He held the unit so she could read it.  
Her eyes looked at the graph and she nodded as the signal's strength remained high.  She turned to the tank and saw that no wires were connected to the body.  "Remarkable."  Ouranos smiled again.  "Range?"
"With this reading," he shrugged, "hundreds of kilometers.  I'm sure I can extend that even farther."
Gaia smiled and put her hand on Ouranos' arm.  "You did it!  Very good work."  She looked into the tank and said, "Very good."
He inhaled deeply and wiped the gel on the side of his work pants.  "You helped."
"Just a little."  She smiled again and patted his arm.  "Come on.  Let's wake him up and then we can tell everyone what you've done."
He nodded and they walked to the opposite side of the lab.  A couple dozen doctors and technicians had gathered around the tank.  Baraz placed leads on the body's broad chest and two other techs connected wires to their medical equipment.  She then put a pad on either one of his temples and nodded to Dr. Hikka.  With a syringe, he injected a liquid into an intravenous line and it worked its way through the tubing and into the body.
A few moments later, Cronus' eyes opened.  
He blinked a few times and looked around.  It took a moment, but he began to focus on people.  First Dr. Baraz, then Dr. Hikka, then toward the ceiling.  He opened his mouth but no sound came out.
"Take your time," Baraz said.  "Whisper."
He tried to move his head toward her, but he couldn't.  His muscles were artificially toned but he had never moved them himself.  He jerked his left arm and it flailed against the restraints.  He licked his lips in vain and said, "Is this real?"
Karin smiled and said, "Yes.  You're awake."
He relaxed and slumped against the slab before taking a deep breath.
As the others applauded lightly and spoke among themselves, Ouranos thought.  The first of the Titans.  He glanced back toward his work area.  Their memories can last beyond one body, thanks to Mnemosyne.  He lifted his hand toward his face and braced his right elbow on his folded left arm.  He brushed his lips with his forefinger and thought, I still don't like the name Homo sapiens telios.  Psychically Linked Organism … Psionically Linked Organism … Either one is better.
XX
CAESAR
154 Years Before the End

The main throne room was bright.  Sun poured through tall decorative windows.  The white marble reflected that light onto wide columns and ancient, colorful tapestries.  At the northern end of the room, a platform raised upon a series of steps used to hold the emperor's large marble chair.  Now only Maxentius' cube sat there, deep in thought.
"Thanks to your openness in trade, imperator," Prefect Gallian said, "my holdings in those firms have swelled beyond my greatest expectations."
The Caesar didn't respond.
Prefect Etne couldn't bear the silence and spoke, "The recovery from the recent downturn seems near an end."
"Indeed."
"Tiberia, of course, is one of the few to have emerged so soon," Etne said.  "Your economic policies, lord, have kept our ship aright."
Pause.  "Indeed," the leader answered.
Caesar had remained in his box for days on end.  Needing no sleep, he dove headlong into the mass of the Matrix, pursuing as many avenues of knowledge and intelligence as he could.
Gallian stretched his leg and relied on his thick staff to keep his girth upright.  "What of Huban?"
Prefect Lucanus waved his hand dismissively.  "They are as they were.  Not bowed by the dip yet buoyed by the rise."
"They are growing powerful," Gallian said.  He kept his focus on the Caesar's cube and its indicator lights.  They were constantly blinking but there was no indication that he would respond.
Only occasionally did the imperator stop and rest his mind.  It was only needed to prevent the box from overheating.  Donovan said he was working on that, too.
"Huban's return is remarkable," Etne said.  "They cast their lot in science and continue to reap benefits."
Lucanus grunted, "Their spaceships put on a fine show but what good does it do the world?"
Etne was about to answer when Gallian interrupted, "Have any of you spoken with Ryall recently?"
The other prefects lifted their heads and glanced toward the great box.  Cleon answered first, "I know he was tending to Titus.  She will depart this life soon."
"And her cube?  Is it finished?"
Cleon shrugged.  "I do not know."  He looked at Caesar, hoping he would have more information.
Instead, his attention was cast toward Brixia in northern Tiberia.  He watched the movements of Triumphator Toma Marcus very carefully.  He made public appearances and entertained prominent guests.  He wore the golden necklace as a symbol of that auspicious title.  He did meet people in secret.
Those he met in secret were businessmen who didn't want their plans known.  They were religious leaders who vainly sought support for some social issue or another.  They were military leaders seeking funding and personnel for some new pet project.
Not once had the subject of Marcus becoming Caesar been broached.  For two years, Maxentius observed and studied the man and found nothing to concern him.
I have wasted my time, Caesar thought.  I knew Marcus was a good man.
He kept his contingency plans in place.  He still monitored the triumphator's secret meetings.  He kept tabs on his travel arrangements.  
It would take only a thought … a defect planted in the rotor controls of a gyrocopter.  A flaw in the programming of an aeroplane's engine operations.  I can still eliminate him, if I need to.
"The Senate is meeting this week," Lucanus said.  "What items are on their agenda?"
Gallian shrugged, "Doguran reimbursement, for one."
"Pah," Cleon said.  "We concern ourselves overmuch with our image among the world."
Lucanus smiled and continued, "New military contracts for the biennium."
The prefects smiled and nodded.  "Good, good," Gallian said.  "Good news for us all."
"I am intrigued by a measure that would divert funds to a covert Matrix operation," Etne said.
"You would be interested in that," Cleon said.  "You've made your mote with computers and surveillance."  Etne smiled and nodded.
The Caesar turned his mind away from Toma Marcus and toward Doria.  There was a great, black hole in his vision of that nation.  BBM remained impenetrable to him.  Perhaps that new covert monitoring program would provide answers.
There lies my best hope, he thought.
XXI
AHLJAELA
149 Years Before the End

He moved the finished plastic forms slowly.  His mind was on other things.
Mar dropped the pieces in the bin and walked back toward the press.  He looked around the factory floor and spotted the others who promised to work with him.  There were three on the conveyor line.  Two by the initial press.  Two more by the second.  One with him at the final press.  Four in the sorting area … they were all around.
Ahljaela looked up toward the small windows near the roof in the cavernous space.  The sun was beginning to enter the second pane on the corner.  It was almost time.
He pressed the green button on his panel and more forms came off the press.  He scooped them aside and waited for more.  He glanced over at Kerne.  Mar didn't know him well but he agreed to help.
The thought festered in his mind for so long.  The fire two years ago, though, brought others to his attention.  The roof on building two at Siler River Plastics collapsed and killed nearly one hundred people.  The government investigated and Siler paid their fines.  They rebuilt the factory and put people back to work as though nothing happened.
The others agreed with him.  Something needed to change.
He made only twenty-four denars.  Barely enough to match expenses at home now.  They had to sell more and more of their things.  More of their crops.  They made do with less food and lesser quality of it.
Mar looked up at the window.  The sun wasn't in position just yet.
Am I doing the right thing?  That thought occurred to him all day every day for the last two weeks.  He never discussed this with Laphé.  His wife might not understand.  She was still distracted with her duties running the house and raising the children.  Things were easier for her, now that her father had passed.  He was an invalid and abusive.  Less stress for her with him gone.
But what if Mar was fired?  
There were other factories.  Two more opened near Gargamus after Siler River Plastics did.  Of course, Ahljaela knew nothing about how they were run and if the workers fared any better.
He took several more pieces to the sorting bins.  As he walked back, he looked at the window.  The sun was perfectly framed.  It was time.  
Mar stood by his panel and looked across to Kerne.  They locked eyes and then Ahljaela turned and caught the gaze of his comrades.  A couple nodded.  Others seemed nervous.  He understood that.
He left his station and walked toward the center of the factory floor.  There was an open space between one of the conveyor belts and the ring of presses.  He looked at his feet and didn't lift his head until he was in the middle.  More than a dozen fellow workers joined him there. 
Mar's skin flushed hot and he felt a bit lightheaded.  His cheeks tingled and he grinned just for a moment before he reached up to his top button and undid it.  The others did the same.  Two dozen people were now huddled in the center of the floor and they pulled down their tops to reveal a plain white shirt underneath with a single word scrawled across the chest.  
Ahljaela nodded and the group turned to face their co-workers.
Their shirts read, "Coalition."
Mar looked out to see everyone's reaction but instead he saw the eyes of the plant's security chief.  He was tall and not very muscular.  He wore bulky clothes and carried a baton.  Today he was holding a handgun and Ahljaela barely noticed it.  He was staring into the chief's dark eyes under bushy brows.
Several people on the other side of the circle didn't see the growing security presence and they began to chant, "Coalition now!  Coalition now!"
Mar's heart beat hard in his chest.  His light-headedness returned and he opened his mouth to speak.
The chief pulled the trigger.
The bullet entered Ahljaela's forehead and cracked the rear of his skull.  Mist and pink matter sprayed briefly from his black hair before his body collapsed to the concrete floor.  It wept a large pool of redness, quickly at first, but then slowly until it encircled his head.
The report of the weapon echoed in the room, overpowering the loudest machines.  Even those who didn't see what was going on looked now.  
The members of the circle broke formation and moved away.  Members of the chief's squad slapped them across their faces and heads with batons.  They collapsed to the floor and were kicked for several moments until the chief snapped his fingers.
A foreman stepped up and tossed down a batch of papers.  "You're all fired."  He looked around the factory and caught the wide eyes of the other employees.  "If anyone else mentions the 'c-word,'" he yelled, "they won't escape punishment as easily as this lot did."  Security then picked up the protestors and their papers before dragging them toward the exits.  
On his way off the factory floor, the foreman stopped by Kerne who held his head low.  Though he wore a "coalition" shirt under his canvas suit, it remained covered up.  The foreman handed him a ten-denar bill and said, "Thank you."
XXII
CRONUS
148 Years Before the End

"I told you!" he said.  "They did it anyway!"
Cronus was standing in a darkened room.  The only light was golden and it emanated from the dozens of casks that surrounded him on the floor.  Inside each was a spare body for one of them.
"Three copies of us all," he said.  He knocked on the glass and pointed back toward Hyperion.  "There you are."  He walked a few paces and saw another.  "And again."
"You're overreacting," Iapetus said.
"I don't believe I am."  He stopped, turned and rested his bottom against a case that held a duplicate of Phoebe.  She raised her eyebrow at the unconscious gesture.  "It's that memory restructuring fiasco all over again."
"They told us this wouldn't happen," Rhea said.  "Dr. Baraz said, just last month, they would not be making more copies of us."
"I still don't see the issue," Iapetus said.  "If something were to happen to us, our consciousness would be transferred to one of them."  He looked at his colleagues and couldn't catch anyone's gaze.  "It's a great gift.  Why wouldn't we want it?"
"You haven't heard them talking, have you?" Oceanus said.
Theia nodded, "I did.  Three days ago, Biv and Aemon were talking about more experiments.  Narrowing down a … chromosome problem.  Biv said they could take us apart and put us together again.  Aemon laughed."
Iapetus' eyes lowered.  He inhaled deeply and said, softly, "Dr. Baraz has been good to us.  She respects us.  She talks to us like … we are people, too."
Cronus shook his head.  "Baraz is the one who keeps us on the tables.  She's the one who gives the orders."
A small woman slowly raised her hand.  They turned toward her and Cronus smiled before giving her a nod.  Mnemosyne spoke and said, "I don't mind being experimented on … not really."  A few scoffed and shook their heads.  Mnemosyne looked at Cronus.  He didn't balk.  He lifted his eyebrows and nodded again, urging her to continue.  "We were created to help people.  Dr. Hikka tells me all the time about new drugs or new procedures that they do now.  We've helped thousands of people."
Cronus lifted his head and said, "We have.  And we can still help people … even if we're treated with respect and not lied to."  He stood and walked again between the rows of bodies.  "The money has started to flow.  Baraz and Hikka aren't here like they used to be.  We're left with the pokers and the prodders."  Several of the Psilons nodded.  "When they need a sample, stick."  He slapped his arm.  "They don't bother to ask."
Iapetus and Mnemosyne were still.  Judging by the puffed out chests of Rhea, Crius, Oceanus, Hyperion and Phoebe, he had more than a few supporters.
Coeus spoke, saying, "They gave us these great minds, but they won't let us use them."
Cronus smiled.  "There is one fundamental flaw in their thinking."  He stopped and turned.  "One problem with their plans."  No one spoke.  After he looked at each person, he said, "They made us better."
"They did."
The group turned toward the entrance and saw Ouranos standing there.  His hands were folded behind his back and he was looking at Cronus.
"Father," he said.  "Good of you to join us."
Ouranos walked past the group and toward their leader.  "What are you doing in here?"
Cronus smiled and said, "Just examining our Psilon brothers and sisters.  Our twins.  Triplets."
Ouranos stood a bit taller than the man and he lowered his head some.  "And this surprises you?"
"'Surprise,'" Cronus said, "may be a strong word."
Ouranos nodded and glanced down into the golden liquid.  "They made you better than themselves.  You give them something to strive toward."
Cronus smiled and said, "Yes."
"But there's something you shouldn't forget."
The Psilon's eyes narrowed and he asked, "What's that?"
Ouranos leaned forward and said, "You're not alone."  Then he grinned, turned and walked toward the door.
Cronus began to follow him out.  "You?  You're old technology.  First generation."
Ouranos slowed and nodded a few times.  He spoke over his shoulder and waved toward the canisters.  "True.  But don't think you can't be replaced."  He then turned all the way around and braced himself against the door without pushing it open.  "Or made obsolete."  He leaned back and then exited.
Cronus remained in the middle of the room, surrounded by his people.  
XXIII
DONOVAN
148 Years Before the End

"I don't know how much longer I can hold on," Constance said.
Ryall was leaning against the railing of the boat, watching the birds fly at the fish in the ocean.  "Your son is ten now."
"Yes," she said.  She tapped her fingers on the arm of the chair and crossed her legs.  "Julian Crispus Valerius."  Donovan nodded.  "He has been studying … extensively."
"Good."
"He will make a good Caesar."
The doctor turned toward her and then sighed.  "Faustus?"
Now she sighed.  "He holds on.  His mind is nearly gone but he remains."
Ryall turned and crossed his arms over his chest.  "Five years to go.  Still."
She shook her head.  "If he dies before we're ready, I am worried what Max may do."
"The Caesar would feel an obligation to you.  To his nephew."  She nodded and Donovan continued.  "You would stay on Arba, in all likelihood."
"Just as well," she said.  There was a long pause.  They watched the waves and listened to the birds.  Constance felt there was something else to be said.  "And you?"
Ryall lowered his head.  "I have delayed progress as long as I can."  He raised his hands and slowly pulled them apart.  "I am torn between making this work and in satisfying my own curiosity.  My knowledge."
She quinted and shook her head.  "There is no contest."
"I know."  He dropped his arms and said, "Still, by dawdling further I will draw the Caesar's eye, I know it.  He is … his sight is far reaching now.  His mind can go places no other can."
"Why doesn't he help you then?"
"He does.  He has given me several ideas and plans.  They worked, of course."
Constance sipped from her water bottle.  "Does he have a body?"
"A robotic puppet.  Better than before, but still.  I've held off on minituarization for too long.  I'm afraid he will grow suspicious."
"And these prefects?"
Donovan smiled.  "They pay me to put their minds in a box.  Like the Caesar's.  That is no problem for me.  It's a welcome distraction, though."
She looked toward the sky and noticed the orange hue.  The sun was about to set.  "I'll need to leave shortly."  Ryall nodded.  "What about these people … the ones made in labs in Doria?"
The doctor rolled his eyes.  He bent over to grab the anchoring rope.  He straightened up and looked at his small craft moored alongside Constance's boat.  "A true nail in my foot.  They give Caesar hope.  I've managed to talk him away from there for a bit, but I don't know how much longer I can."
"If they can grow bodies and move memories around … of course Max would want that."
Donovan turned and shrugged.  "Of course.  I don't know what else to do.  Hopefully they won't be making any more announcements for a while.  The last thing I need is for his attention to be drawn toward them again."
XXIV
CAESAR
148 Years Before the End

It was nearly midnight.  As he often had, Caesar spent the late evening in an idle mode, allowing his processors to cool while his cube sat undisturbed atop the marble stairs of his main throne room.  As usual, his day was spent scouring all of Larsa.  Looking for information.  Gathering knowledge.  
In this state, Caesar let his mind wander.  Frequently, he remembered times spent with his family decades ago.  Hunting in the Gargano Forest with his brother and father.  His recall was impeccable.  Voices were precise and it seemed as though he were taken back in time with the memory.  But even this had its flaws.  Because the memories were made with his original organic mind, there were gaps.  Great swaths of the landscape were merely colored smears.  Background noises were muffled and indistinct.  There were leaps and spaces.  He didn't remember what vehicle brought them to the forest, so in his recollection, they left the palace at Viminal Square and arrived instantly in Gargano.  It didn't matter.  The memory was still pleasing.
He remembered vacationing on Arba with his wife, Mila.  Mila.  She was so beautiful.  He was nearly fifty when she and their son were killed in that accident.  In his mind, his processors began to reconstruct the crash scene and Caesar had to will it away.
Caesar then forced himself to recall happier times.  Parties after great battles.  Well, only one great battle.  Strand.  An amphibious assault followed by weeks of jungle warfare against entrenched Atticans.  It was hard won with thousands of Tiberian casualties.  Hot, sweaty days.  The smell of fire and gunpowder.  He wasn't there for all of it, but he was there.
A thick jungle leaf brushed his cheek.  His boot squished into the mud and he grabbed a tribune's shoulder to pull himself free.  He looked around and felt there.  Smears of color dotted his surroundings where his memories couldn't provide details, but everything else seemed real.  He moved ahead quickly and found himself in the command tent with an Attican officer on his knees.  Caesar held a sword to the man's throat and smiled.
"I hope I'm not waking you."
The imperator's sensors stirred and looked toward the source of the voice.  At the far side of the room, he saw Faustus Valerius.  His brother.
"I know it's late," he said as he stepped forward across the lush, dark red carpet.  "I felt like I needed to talk to you, though."
The lights on Caesar's cube illuminated and his processors blazed with activity.  How?
"How are you?" the old man asked.
The speakers in the room spoke softly.  "Well.  You?"
Faustus nodded.  "Me too."  He slowly put one foot on the bottom step and began to ascend.  After a few straining moments, he reached the top and knelt down in front of the box.  He groaned as he did so.  "You've looked better."
Caesar remembered hearing that before.  Faustus said it to him after a horse accident.  And again after the Battle of Strand.  And again after his first stroke.  His mind probed the Matrix and he looked toward Arba.  He tried to tap into the security system there but found only static and dead ends.  Could this be him?
"What brings you here?" the imperator asked.
Faustus shrugged and plopped onto the marble platform.  "Old age."  He chuckled and then said, "I feel … done.  Spent."
"I understand."
Caesar looked into the Matrix again.  He looked for aeroplane manifests, boat logs, vehicle rentals, Arba security reports.  He found no mention of Faustus' movements.
"How is Constance?"  His brother nodded.  "And my nephew?"
"Both are well."  He breathed deeply and said, "I've thought a lot about you lately, Max."
"I see."
"It's true.  You're on the news, of course.  Your portraits are all over the villa.  It's hard to get you out of my mind."
The Caesar again looked toward Arba.  No success.  
He was about to speak but he paused.  "You seem lucid.  Moreso than I had been led to believe."
Faustus grinned a little.  "I have good days and bad.  Today is good."  Caesar's processing lights came on again and remained on.  Cooling fans engaged and Faustus nodded toward the indicators.  "What are you doing?"
"Thinking."
"About what?"
"You."  Caesar probed the Matrix again.  He still found nothing.
Faustus wiped his mouth and said, "Why?"
Caesar stopped his searching and turned all his attention toward the elderly man squatting on his platform.  "I am not certain you are my brother."
Faustus leaned back and laughed loudly.  It sounded familiar to the imperator.  The man clapped his hands together twice and said, "Of course it's me."
"Prove it."
Faustus finished his laughter and sniffled.  He glanced toward the distant floor, licked his lips and said, "As you wish.  Ask me whatever you want."
Caesar thought for just a second.  "The Gargano Forest."
"Yes."
"I was eleven and we went hunting with Dad."
Faustus smiled, "I remember."
"How many points were on the buck I shot?"
The old man chuckled and wagged his finger at the cube.  "You think you're tricky, huh?"  The speakers didn't answer.  "You told everyone it was a ten-pointer …"
"It was."
"No, it wasn't," Faustus said.  "It was a sixer."  Caesar was quiet.  "I shot a ten-pointer and you only got the six, so … so you ran back to town, yelling about the ten-pointer you shot …"
"Incorrect," Caesar said.
"No!"  Faustus barked.  His face flashed with anger.  Then his cheeks became rosy and his lip curled on one end.  "You told everyone about my buck and when I got back to town with Dad, they believed you.  No one believed me."
Caesar's lights flickered as he recalled the story.
Faustus' voice got soft.  "I told Dad, I said, 'Daddy, Max is lying.  I got the ten-pointer.'"
The imperator's lights stopped when the memory was recalled to its fullest in his mind.
"And do you know what Dad said to me?"
The speakers answered, "'This is a lesson in leadership.  Be bold.  If to be bold you have to lie, you must own that lie.'"
Faustus smiled and nodded.  "Yep."
"He taught me that lesson on another occasion."
His brother leaned forward and scratched behind his ear.  "Wait …"  He jerked his head upright and said, "When you broke that ancient Attican vase."
"Yes."
Faustus nodded.  "You took that lesson to heart.  So well you believe your own horseshit."
Caesar nearly laughed.  He paused for a moment while the vision of the memory drifted from his mind's eye.  
"Why are you here, brother?"
Faustus smiled and said, "You know, I never envied you."  He crossed his legs under himself.  "I … never really wanted to be Caesar so it's just as well that you have been for so long."  He put his elbow on his right knee and held his chin in his hand.  "You've been … a good leader."
Caesar didn't respond.  He studied his older brother as much as he could.  He listened for each breath.  He watched every muscle movement.
"You remember when I went to Gela to put down the insurgency?"
The cube answered, "Yes."
"So boring.  Nasty business, too."  Faustus sniffled and continued, "That was the first time I tried hulgill, you know."
"I remember."
He rubbed his forearm up toward his elbow.  He lingered there and stroked the old skin.  "I was using that stuff for years."  He smacked his arm and looked up at the box.  "You try something like that once, when you're young, just to try it.  But do you know why I kept using it after that?"
Caesar didn't answer.
Faustus smiled.  "Because I was stupidly hopeful that the next time would be just as good as the first time."  He chuckled a little and continued, "It never was.  Never close."
The imperator was silent.  He continued to observe Faustus.  He made no move to speak again.  The Caesar asked, "Why are you here?"
His brother grinned and said, "Old age."  The lights flickered once.  "My life is almost over.  I've had it good.  Really, I have."
"I'm glad."
Faustus nodded.  He reached up and put his hand on the corner of the gray and black box.  His fingers glided on the plastic and he let them fall down the edge.  He sighed and said, "You're stuck in there … trying to shoot life into veins you don't even have anymore."  Silence.  "No matter how hard you try, Max, you won't be able to match that first time."
Again, silence.
Faustus retracted his arm and sat up straight.  His pleasant smile vanished and his mouth became a straight line.  "It's past time to go, Max.  You'll be happier.  Tiber will carry on just fine."
Caesar was dumbfounded.  His processors worked but no response came.  
Faustus rolled to one side and grunted.  He put his feet down on the top step, pushed himself up and strained to stand erect.  He placed his hands on the small of his back and stretched.  When he stopped, his eyes looked over the cube once more and he said, "Take care."
Slowly, the old man descended the stairs and shuffled across the red carpet toward the opulent doors.  Caesar watched and studied him as he moved.  Faustus pulled the door open and walked into the hallway.  He didn't hear his guards react.  Why did they let him in?
The imperator entered the palace's security system and scanned the corridors.  Faustus was nowhere to be found.  He reversed the video for hours and never saw his brother enter.  Where did he go?
His processors whirred again.  He tried futilely to contact Arba.  Only static greeted him.  He kept an eye on the security systems and on Tiber's outgoing transportation just in case he was spotted.
Illogical, he thought.  Faustus is an invalid.  That could not have been him, despite … everything.  He scanned and continued to think.  Who was that?
XXV
THE MESSENGERS
148 Years Before the End

"Why are you here, brother?" Caesar asked.
The male tender, cloaked in the guise of Faustus Valerius, smiled.
"Why are you here?" the female tender asked.  She only now appeared in the marble room and kept herself invisible to the sensors of the being known as Caesar.
"You know, I never envied you."  The image of the old man crossed his legs.
As though he grew a second mouth, the male tender spoke from underneath his costume.  "I saw an opportunity for intervention."
The female tender moved about the room and examined the cube.  "It is too soon.  We have not sufficiently practiced with the people nor prepared sufficient contingencies."
Faustus said, "I … never really wanted to be Caesar so it's just as well that you have been for so long.  You've been … a good leader."
The male spoke, saying, "The opportunity presented itself.  They must be seized upon when possible."
"He is suspicious," the female said, peering inside the box.  "He suspects subterfuge."
"I have already assuaged those concerns," he answered.
The old man asked, "You remember when I went to Gela to put down the insurgency?"
"Temporarily assuaged," the Messenger said.  "Your choice of his brother is problematic."
"Not necessarily," he answered.  "The only other candidates are otherwise engaged and constantly under this one's surveillance.  I could not choose a deceased form.  He would be too skeptical and immovable."
The Caesar answered, "Yes."
"So boring.  Nasty business, too."  The male tender delved into the past and grasped at threads of memory from further down the tree.  "That was the first time I tried hulgill, you know."
"I remember."
The female tender alighted by his side.  "I am uneasy."  
"I have had success with this method."
The apparition of Faustus rubbed his forearm up toward his elbow and then stroked the old skin.  "I was using that stuff for years."  He smacked his arm and looked up at the box.  "You try something like that once, when you're young, just to try it.  But do you know why I kept using it after that?"
The female rose again and looked about the room.  "You have underestimated this one.  The outcomes are beginning to come into focus."
The disguised tender ignored her and the Caesar's silence.  "Because I was stupidly hopeful that the next time would be just as good as the first time."  He chuckled a little and continued, "It never was.  Never close."
As he finished saying it, he saw what his companion was referring to.  Echoes and shadows of events to come coalesced about him in this chamber.  The image of many futures' emperors took different forms and different people entered the room.  While there remained many possible outcomes, the path began to narrow.
The Caesar asked, "Why are you here?"
Then the Messenger saw that things narrowed in a direction he did not desire.  Still, he maintained the charade.
"Old age," he said.  "My life is almost over.  I've had it good.  Really, I have."
"You see it now?" the female asked.
"I do."  There was a long silence.  "I have erred."
"I'm glad," Caesar said.
The female moved about the room again, turning her head from side to side as though she were looking into the shadows through the corners of her eyes.  "You must hurry."
The Messenger reached forth and let his costume's hand touch the cube.  "You're stuck in there … trying to shoot life into veins you don't even have anymore."  Continuing with his ploy was a gamble.  "No matter how hard you try, Max, you won't be able to match that first time."
Silence settled on the three of them.
Faustus then said, "It's past time to go, Max.  You'll be happier.  Tiber will carry on just fine."
The female tender whispered toward the male, "You fool."
"It was a risk I had to take," he answered.
The being struggled to stand and began to leave the chamber.  "Take care," he said to the box and he descended the marble stairs.
He made Caesar see his older brother opening the doors and step into the corridor, when in fact the disguise vanished and the two Messengers remained in the room.
"You have goaded him."
The male moved toward the cube again and looked inside.  "I have left a thought behind that will haunt him for the remainder of his days."
"But in that remainder," she said, "he will take actions he may not have otherwise."
The other watched and listened to the imperator's thoughts.  "There is still a chance."
"The Caesar commands too large a portion of the tree," she said.  "His decisions can bow its branches too far."
"With that I agree."
She began to drift from the throne room when she saw a new future echo appear.  "It seems as though you have accelerated some events, too."
The male turned and saw the ghostly forms.  He lowered his head and said, "Yes."
As they departed, the Messenger grew remorseful and asked, "How then can we preserve free will and encourage life if our actions are insufficient for the most powerful of these people?"
The female had no response.
XXVI
GAIA
147 Years Before the End

They strolled together under the trees outside Pausa.  The air was cool but pleasant.  The breeze carried the scent of the flowers that covered the fences dozens of meters away.
Gaia looked at her feet and shuffled alongside Ouranos.  It was after midnight and the grounds of BBM's compound were well lit.  Their walks had become more infrequent in recent years, but with the attentions of the researchers drawn toward Cronus and the others, there seemed to be less for these first two beings to do.  So they began to walk again.
"What are you thinking about?" she asked.
Ouranos inhaled deeply and shrugged.  "Things I need to do tomorrow."
She scoffed.  "Like what?"
"I'm still working on transceivers for the pods."  She laughed but he kept talking.  "I had some ideas about computer processors, too."
"Thanks to your transmitters?"
"Yes."  Gaia nodded and Ouranos spoke again.  "I'm also … still thinking about something Cronus said earlier today."
She rolled her eyes.  "What now?"
He tilted his head to one side.  "Maybe it was more about how he said it."  He paused and then continued.  "Someone took a blood sample from him and did a quick test right there.  The man, Aemon, looked at his scanner and said, 'You guys are just amazing.'  Cronus laughed and said, 'I know.'"  Ouranos looked over at Gaia.  "He said, 'I know,' but in a way that unsettled me."
Gaia knew what he meant.  Ever since they were awakened, she felt ill at ease around the Psilons.  They were filled with so much information and knowledge yet they lacked basic human concepts.  Tact, for one.
"That's what we get for naming them after the gods."
Ouranos laughed and said, "We were named after gods, my dear."
Gaia smiled and reached tentatively for his hand before withdrawing it.  "But we were overthrown.  The Titans ruled the Golden Age.  Cronus and his Pantheon … they gave humanity all its gifts."
Ouranos reached up and tugged on the leaves from a low-hanging branch.  "Myths."
Gaia looked toward the wall and noted the observation tower before looking at Ouranos.  He wore his usual dark overcoat.  He seemed so handsome.  
"Why haven't we ever …"  She stopped walking and Ouranos did, too.  "Gotten together?"
He raised his eyebrows and said, "They tested our gametes.  They said we were incompatible."
She shook her head.  "I know.  I meant, just for ourselves.  For companionship."
Ouranos' shoulders lifted as though he braced himself against a cold wind.  He squinted and said, "I never felt that way."
Gaia nodded and started to turn when he grabbed her arm.
"I've never felt that way about anyone.  Not just you."  His face hovered above hers and she could see deep into his eyes.  "They made me wrong, I guess.  Manipulating my neurons …"
Gaia stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on his lips.  He didn't flinch.  When she withdrew, she saw that his face was as it appeared before and now his eyes showed only confusion.
She nodded and said, "Don't worry about it."
They walked away from the trees and back toward the doors.  Ouranos spoke softly, "I fear that Cronus is right."
"About what?"
"Many things."  Gaia didn't respond.  "They are better, of course," Ouranos said.  "Better than us.  They didn't require so much … handcrafting.  And their systems are staggering."
Gaia smiled and said, "They could save us all."
"'Us,'" Ouranos said.  "You mean, 'humans?'"
She stopped walking and strained to see his face in the light.  Her lower lip curved into her upper lip and she smiled at him.  With pity.  "Still 'them?'"
Ouranos nodded and opened his mouth to speak.  He stopped, however and turned.  He was looking toward the fences.
"What?" she asked.
He raised his hand to quiet her.  In the distance she heard a light hiss.  Ouranos turned toward her and she nodded.  They walked back toward the trees and got under their cover.  Pressed against the trunk, Ouranos looked toward the observation tower but he couldn't see the silhouette of the guard like normal.  He turned to look the other way but that tower was too far.
He whispered, "Let's get back inside.  We run for the doors on three."  He crouched and counted off with his fingers.  As soon as he flashed 'three,' they began to run.
Once they entered the open, Gaia heard several of those hissing sounds.  She heard something hit the grass and then she felt something hit her arm.  She held it in front of her as she ran and she saw that it was a small black dart.  She pulled it out quickly and kept running.
"Don't stop," Ouranos said.
She hadn't planned to, but when he said that, Gaia turned and saw him break away and run toward a group of three men.  She looked in the opposite direction and saw four.  The door to the compound was still fifty meters away.  She could probably make it.  Instead, she turned and decided to fight.
In the flash of seconds before she got near them, she appraised the threat.  They were wearing Gemnar armor over black singlesuits.  Standard utility belt with flashlight, utility torch, weapon holster and more on their waists.  Black boots.  Face blacking to cover their skin and conceal their features.  Before she dealt her first blow, she could see that two of these people were women.
In the last meter, she feinted to the right and then struck to her left.  Her hand caught the jaw of the largest man and he flipped to the side.  Gaia turned to the right and kicked her foot toward the fourth person, a woman.  It hit her square on the chest and she staggered backward.  She turned twice, spread her thumb out from her flattened hand and bracketed the throat of the second man with a quick jab.  He gasped immediately and fell to the ground.  The other woman, though, had stopped and was firing more darts at her.
Thwip.  Thwip.  Two hit her leg.  Gaia felt no ill effects yet so she moved toward her.  Thwip.  Gaia grabbed her weapon, spun it about and brought it across the attacker's face.
She then turned toward Ouranos.  Two more had joined his party of three.  Two were lying motionless on the ground and another was holding onto his leg while clutching at Ouranos' feet.  He dispatched a woman with a punch to her lower back and then a spin that wrenched her shoulder free of its socket.  More darts were fired at him with one catching his neck.  
Gaia leapt into the air and kicked the side of a woman's head.  There was a sickening crack as her neck bent over, followed by her slow collapse to the ground.  Only when she landed did Gaia begin to feel the effects of the tranquilizer, if that's what it was.  She stood and in her haste, felt the blood rush to her head and make her unsteady.  She wobbled to the left and then punched while kneeling at the crotch of another attacker.  
Thwip.  Thwip.  Thwip.  All three hit her back and she found herself unable to stand from her position.  She looked over at Ouranos and watched him snap the leg of a man as five darts rippled across his chest.  He stumbled back and fell onto his rear.  
Gaia's vision blurred.  She struggled to stay erect and realized that her hand was still outstretched from having hit that man's groin.  She wobbled and fell onto her side.
Voices.  Blurry lights from the compound.  Then she was being lifted.  
Darkness.
XXVII
OURANOS
147 Years Before the End

He awoke two hours ago.  He knew because he kept track.  Ouranos was good with time.
At no point, however, did he see or hear anything.  
Not entirely. 
He occasionally saw light filtered through the dark fabric of the bag that covered his head.
While he was conscious, headphones were placed over his ears on the outside of the bag and blaring century-old Attican electrocad music.  The album was Gut Shock by Crius Oat and it seemed to be on a loop.  After a time, Ouranos felt like he could actually count the individual beats from the droning drum synthesizer, despite the screeching electric lyre and the wispy-voiced singer.
He struggled against his bonds at first to measure them.  Stiff metal bands had been placed around his upper arms and then connected to each other.  Same for his forearms.  His hands were locked in some kind of heavy metal glove-like restraint.  His legs were similarly bound.  Chains seemed to be used on top of the other shackles.  A plastic ball was held in his mouth by a strap that encompassed his head.  Ouranos bumped against someone else only once.  Given their prone position, too, he assumed it was Gaia.
Finally, the music was turned off.  The bag remained and he looked at the shifting light through the threads as he was moved.  Placed in a cart of some sort, he heard footsteps echoing in a large room.  For a moment, Ouranos doubted his ears.  I was listening to electrocad for some time.  No.  He was certain.  Cavernous room or corridor.  The footfalls were on stone.  
The cart stopped and a door was opened.  He sensed the shift in light.  The cart was pushed forward and then stopped again.  He was pulled from it and seated in a plush chair.
"Take them off."
Ouranos heard fabric being pulled off Gaia's head to his left.  Then, as the bag was pulled from his own, he closed his eyes.  The light of the room passed through his eyelids for a few seconds as he acclimated himself to their brightness.  Then, he slowly opened them.
Standing before him, wearing a dress uniform, purple cloak and gold finery, was Caesar Maxentius IX.
"Welcome to Tiberia," he said.
Ouranos wasn't going to respond, but the gags would have prevented it.  Caesar pointed at the prisoners and a guard came behind him and undid the strap.  The ball was pulled away and to the right.  He watched trails of saliva follow the device before snapping and falling onto his clothes and restraints.  
Ouranos closed his mouth and allowed his tongue to remoisturize.  He nodded at Caesar once.
He nodded in return and looked at Gaia.  Ouranos looked at her and saw her far more frenzied state.  Her hair was mussed and there were bruises on her face and on the visible parts of her arm.  She slumped in her chair exhaustedly and turned only once to look at her companion.
A man, Ouranos thought.  He looked Caesar over.  The imperator appeared to be about thirty.  He had thick, dark hair and a broad, muscular physique.  He walked back and forth before the two prisoners with his cape dredging the marble floor.  He should be one hundred six years old.
Gaia continued to struggle and he watched for a moment.  He turned to Ouranos and said, "Certainly, you have questions."
"A few," Ouranos croaked.  He cleared his throat but made no effort speak again.
The Caesar smiled and knelt before him.  He looked into his face closely and said, "You are … remarkable."  Maxentius stood and walked toward Gaia.  "I've kept my eye on you two ever since you were revealed to the world."
Ouranos shook his head and said, "We are people."
"Of course."  He held his hands out and said, "I will admit to having had doubts at first, but the more I learned, the more I understood."  He tugged on the front of his shirt and said, "You could well be the most remarkable people in the history of the world."
"There are others now," Ouranos said.
Caesar nodded.  "I know."  He raised his left hand and pointed at one and then the other.  "But you're the first."  He knelt again and smiled, "You helped create the others.  Not directly, of course, but by being there when the scientists needed another sample.  Wanted to give you another prodding."  The prisoners didn't react.  "Named them after your old gods."
"That wasn't our idea," Gaia said.  The imperator seemed surprised to hear her speak and he nodded.  She looked toward Ouranos and then said, "You assaulted and abducted two citizens of the Commonwealth of Doria …"
"I know, I know," he said.  "But I'll make it worth your while."  Gaia raised a single eyebrow.  "You felt held back …"  He pointed at Ouranos and lowered his voice.  "You had ideas to share and they didn't listen until you had irrefutable results."  He shook his head once and looked toward Gaia, "And you were a part of their team.  They shut you out.  Your own children … outgrew you as soon as they awoke."  He snapped his fingers and said, "Both of you, though, are obsolete now.  Pausa is all about the Titans.  Not you."
Ouranos looked at her and watched Gaia slowly lower her head.  She never said anything about that before.  Feeling closed off from the team.  He knew it happened but she never expressed sorrow or regret.  To him, anyway.
"You have a spy," Ouranos said.
Caesar smiled.  "Of course."  He softened his gaze and smiled sheepishly.   "But am I wrong?  About anything so far?"
Ouranos shook his head.
"Let's talk," he said.  He motioned toward the door and four Praetorian guards came forth.  With magnetic keys, they uncuffed them both from the various shackles and then pulled them away.  Ouranos rubbed his wrists and arms before looking at Caesar.  "Let us be honest."
Ouranos glanced at Gaia and then back at the imperator.  "You know who we are and how we were made."  Caesar nodded.  "You know we nearly wiped out your entire squad."
He nodded again.  "I know.  For there to be any measure of progress, there must be trust."  After a moment, one side of the imperator's mouth curled into a grin and then he brushed back his hair with his fingers.  "And I'm going to trust you … with something else."
He reached up to his shoulders and unclasped his cape.  He pulled it to his right and tossed it in a heap on the floor.  Then, the imperator turned from side to side, allowing the bundle of cables and wires protruding from his lower back to be seen.
Ouranos said, "Your artificial body … has limits."
"Indeed."
Gaia's eyes followed the cables to a large black and gray box against a wall.  "Your mind can't fit into this body."
Caesar nodded.
"Your life extension project has not been as successful as your media would have the world believe," Ouranos said.
Caesar tilted his head and began to speak.  He stopped and chided himself, "No.  I am being honest."  He lifted his head and said, "It has not been what I hoped for.  There have been successes and advancements, certainly, but ... I am as you see me."  He stretched his arms out to the side and lowered his chin.
"A marionette."  Gaia looked at Caesar defiantly, expecting some sort of wrath.  
Instead, he said, "Yes."
"You took us," Ouranos said, "because you're hoping for greater advancements."  The imperator nodded.  "Perhaps on an organic front."
"Correct again."  He knelt and looked from one to the other.  "Everything I know about you two tells me that your primary concern is knowledge."  The pair didn't answer.  "I am going to give you the opportunity to dig deep."  His hands plunged toward the marble floor and scooped imaginary dirt.  "You will have the resources of the world's largest economy behind you."  Still no response.  "Study what you will.  Build what you will.  You will have my blessing."
Ouranos looked at Gaia and she quickly glanced at him.  She inhaled deeply, raised her head and said, "No.  Thank you."
The Caesar cocked his head and wagged his finger.  "Don't be so quick to dismiss me."  He stood and stretched out his left arm.  With his right hand, he rolled up his sleeve.  The skin on his forearm began to dance and shift in color.  Then, it expanded, making his arm seem like that of a wrestler's.  It changed colors and formed various shapes before settling back into its previous appearance.
Ouranos' mouth hung open.
Caesar smiled.  "Yes.  You're intrigued."  He looked toward Gaia who still sat, obstinate.  The leader lowered his sleeve and said, "I've given you worm.  All worm.  Now you're beginning to wonder about the hook, yes?"  Gaia didn't answer, but Ouranos' brow furrowed.  Caesar looked toward him and said, "I don't have a hook for you."  He straightened up and clasped his hands behind his back.  "You can build and design and plan in our labs … or not.  I won't be throwing you in some dungeon beneath the city.  If you refuse, you will be secured but treated well.  On the other hand …"
Gaia glanced toward Caesar when he turned toward the double doors that led to the balcony.  She saw him begin to look back at her and she snapped straight again.
"… There is a hook waiting for you in Doria."
Ouranos narrowed his eyes and asked, softly, "What do you mean?"
"Your Psilons," Caesar said.  "You and your children were test animals in that lab.  With you out of commission, they become the world's foremost experts on … everything."  Ouranos took in a breath and the imperator watched him closely.  "Dr. Karin Baraz is too immersed running her company now to tend to you, her firstborn.  Soon, though, she and the others will see the Psilons' value.  They'll be let off the examination tables and allowed to create much like you desired.  If you are stowed away, not working, they will be working all the harder.  Researching the things you wanted to research.  Creating that which you intended to create."
Ouranos found himself nodding, almost imperceptibly.
Caesar smiled.  "You had a goal.  Yes?"  Ouranos didn't move.  "You were working toward something … the Psilons were only aiding you on the periphery.  Indirectly.  Yes?"
Ouranos' eyes looked toward Gaia and then back toward Caesar.
The leader nodded and said, "They will not be sitting on the side of the field now.  Now they will be fully engaged in your project.  First as subjects and then as leaders.  Scientists."  Ouranos' nostrils flared and the Caesar smiled again.  "All you need to do … is tell me … what is that project's goal?"
Gaia inhaled sharply and said nothing.  Ouranos didn't look at her.  He stared straight ahead.  He tried to regulate his breathing.  Caesar simply stood a few meters away and watched.  It surprised Ouranos more than anyone when he answered the emperor.
"Wirelessly linked life."
Ouranos blinked repeatedly and didn't look at Gaia when she turned to face him.
"Yes," Caesar said.  "Perfect bodies without illness.  Their consciousness tethered to a spare."  Maxentius shook his head and clapped his hands together once.  "A remarkable idea.  An amazing feat which you have already attained."
"Damn you sixty times," Gaia muttered.
"Now, now," Caesar said.  "Ouranos has only said what I already knew."  He stood between the two and said, "You've done it in the lab with carefully selected genes and such, but you haven't done it for a real person yet."  Neither of the two answered.  Caesar prodded, "Correct?  You have not been able to accomplish this with a person who already exists?"
Ouranos looked up and shook his head.
Caesar smiled.  He opened his hands, palms up.  
"You're offering yourself, of course," Gaia said.
"Naturally."
Both of the prisoners lowered their heads again.
"As I said," the imperator began as he moved toward a bureau in the back of the marble conference room, "no hook.  You can continue your work without interference from either Psilons or humans …"  He opened the doors of his closet and turned to step back into it.  "Or you can sit in a comfortable room for the remainder of your days.  However long they may be."
Ouranos lowered his head to think.  As he did, his eyes traced the intricate pattern on the floor.  What seemed to be a simple collection of white marble tiles was actually a beautiful work of craftsmanship.  Slightly different hues and grains of marble were cut and carefully placed in swirls and circles.  Ouranos was studying the artistry so intently he wasn't thinking about the Caesar's offer.
Gaia, though, reacted.  She stood and sprinted for the balcony doors.
Ouranos' head whipped up as she slammed her shoulder into the wood.  The lock broke and panes of glass cracked and fell.  The Praetorian Guard raised their weapons and moved toward the balcony.  Ouranos stood and ran toward her and wound up standing next to the Ceasar, looking out on Viminal Square in the middle of the night.
A guard took aim with his rifle.  Gaia ran from the palace toward a group of administrative buildings on the opposite side of the Square.  Ouranos looked at the aiming guard and saw him begin to squeeze the trigger.  With a flick of his shoulder, the taller man knocked the rifle aside and a shot went astray into the dark night.  The guard fell against the others and all of them lost their aim before Gaia disappeared into decorative topiary.
"Go get her," Caesar said.  One of the guards raised his sidearm against Ouranos, but the imperator shook his head.  "Go."  The guards left the room.  Ouranos reentered the palace with the arm of Caesar's puppet on his shoulder.  "Don't fear," he said.  "She won't be harmed."
Ouranos nodded.  After a few more steps, he asked, "And me?"
Caesar stepped back and held the man by the shoulders.  "I've assumed, because you didn't jump over the balcony to follow her, you have decided to remain here."  He paused.  "And continue your work?"
Ouranos' heart beat loudly in his ears.  He didn't seem to be breathing, though.  He forced himself to inhale and then he looked the imperator in his eyes.  His perfect plastic and glass eyes.
"Yes," he said.
XXVIII
BARAZ
147 Years Before the End

Karin sat in her chair with her fist pressed against her jaw.  She hadn't slept in two days.  She leaned forward slightly as Doria's intelligence minister spoke.
"I've seen the video.  There's nothing to identify them at all."
"There's blood on the lawn," Mione said.  "They dragged the six dead bodies off, carried out their wounded, but they left blood behind."
The minister shook his head, "You don't have some sort of database on Tiberian genetics, do you?"
No one spoke.
"Look," he said, "I've said it once and I'll say it nine more times: I believe you.  We simply don't have sufficient actionable intelligence."
Baraz looked up and said, "Or will."  Her words slurred from fatigue and she saw confusion on the minister's face.  "Even if we gave you the evidence you want, Doria is in no position to launch any kind of rescue operation or … punitive strike against the Empire."
He inhaled deeply and then shrugged slightly.  "You are not incorrect."
"We could report them to the world."  Mione got no reaction.  "The Pact of Nations?"
The minister smiled and said, "The Pact has been impotent for almost a century."
Karin straightened up and spoke softly, "Foreign soldiers on Dorian soil, in the capital city, no less.  Four Dorian citizens attacked and two people abducted as part of … industrial espionage waged against one of the commonwealth's biggest businesses.  And we can expect no fingers to be lifted?"
The minister stood and said, "Fingers will be lifted, doctor, if you wish to pay."
Baraz shook her head to the side once and said, "Doria: where free market sensibilities run wild in both business and government."
With a smile, the minister said, "That's why BBM came here, right?"  He nodded toward Mione and walked out the door.
Karin's assistant sat down and tapped on her wristband for a moment.  "It's almost noon.  Are you hungry?"  Baraz shook her head.  "You should sleep, at least."  Karin nodded.  After a few long moments, Mione said, "Do we consider them lost?"
Baraz blinked slowly and took in a deep breath.  "I think we have to."  She looked out her window over the city.  "I've been too immersed in numbers and paperwork.  I haven't been in the labs.  What were they working on?"
"Not much, from what Hikka says.  Ouranos was still working on his memory transmitters.  Gaia had been working on gene repairs but she seemed to give that up after a while."
Karin looked at her desktop.  "The Titans are still being tested on, yes?"
"Oh, yes.  Hikka says they've been invaluable."
"Perhaps this loss isn't as devastating as I feared."  She waited a moment and then jerked her head up.  "I don't really mean that.  They were my first."  Mione nodded.  "I want them home."
XXIX
DONOVAN
147 Years Before the End

"It was a remarkable thing, doctor," Caesar said.  He paced atop the throne room's platform in front of his marble chair.  He placed his hands in the air to approximate the position of someone.  "I saw my brother standing right here."
The doctor shifted nervously.  He grinned a little and said, "I'm sorry, lord, but that's just not possible."
The imperator nodded.  "I agree."  Caesar was walking about, "nude," and admiring the flexing of his metallic flesh and muscles.  "I had a thought.  And I acted on it."  He started to descend the steps toward the doctor.
Ryall clasped his hands behind his back.  "I see.  What was that thought?"
The Caesar smirked and said, "The Dorians, you know.  Baraz Bio Medical."  Donovan nodded.  "They are experts at cloning.  They created several distinct individuals for testing and entry into our Project."  He turned quickly and the cables extending from his back slapped against the marble steps.  "I thought, 'Perhaps they went to Arba and got a sample of Faustus' blood.'"  The doctor smiled.  "'Perhaps they grew another Faustus … one they could control.'"
"Possible, dominus, but unlikely."  He tried to maintain his composure.  Donovan knew the Caesar would be able to detect any abnormalities in his behavior.
"Yes.  That's not what happened.  I did study all manner of security information about Arba, though."  The leader stopped moving.  His frame grew in size and his "muscles" bulked up.  His skin flushed red and his eyes narrowed on Ryall.  "Imagine my surprise when I discovered dozens of clandestine meetings between you and my sister-in-law, Constance."
Donovan's head went light and his skin rippled with heat.  He stumbled back a little and closed his eyes.  He knew this day would come.  Everything was just taking too long.  "Lord, …"
"Silence!" Casesar shouted.  He resumed his former size and studied the doctor's mannerisms.  Try as he might, Ryall couldn't hide his fear.  "Faustus.  Bedridden, addle-brained brother of mine.  He could never be the emperor.  Constance … not a blood member of the line, so she couldn't be empress.  Her son, though," he held out his hand and his flesh rippled and stretched upward.  It formed a rudimentary mask of the teen.  "Julian could do it."  The mask went away and Caesar leaned over to pick up his toga.  "It's been taken care of."
Donovan was horrified.  His mouth fell open and he stammered for a few seconds.  "My lord, what …"
"Please, doctor," he said.  "I'm not evil.  My nephew lives.  Constance, however," he tilted his head, "does not."
Ryall nodded and closed his eyes.  "And me, lord?"
Caesar smiled.  "Look at me, doctor."  When he did and saw the Caesar's face, he worried even more.  "You're not going to die."
Donovan swallowed hard and then licked his lips.  "I'm not?"
Caesar shook his head and then snapped his fingers.  "Remember how I said I suspected the Dorians and BBM?  Their cloning and all that?"
"Yes, lord."
Just then, at the far end of the chamber, the door opened.  A very tall, dark-haired man entered.  He was stunning to look at and the doctor knew exactly who it was.
"Dr. Donovan, this is Ouranos."  The man nodded.  "He'll be helping you on the Project from now on."  Ryall lowered his head and nodded slightly.  "And by 'from now on,' I mean until the end of your life."
XXX
AHLJAELA
146 Years Before the End

"Name?" the foreman barked.
"Rovil," the man said.  "Rovil … Karnaeda."
The foreman wrote it down and waved him on.
Hundreds shuffled through the cramped hallway.  They made a few turns before spilling out into a large assembly area littered with cots and bunk beds.  He stopped and swept his gaze across the floor.
"It's a mess," another man said.
Rovil nodded.  "My father once told me they had beds in rooms."
"Used to be," the man answered.  "Senior staff gets those now, since the expansion.  We get this."
He moved forward and took an empty cot on the far side of the room.  He sat down on the edge and watched people go by.  The same man from before sat on the cot opposite Rovil's and pointed.
"This is your first time here."
Rovil grinned nervously and looked down at his small bundle of clothes.  "Yes.  First time in a factory.  I've worked on my family's farm for years."
The stranger nodded.  "It won't be so bad.  Listen to people and do what you're told.  Be careful.  You'll do fine."  Rovil nodded and the man asked, "Your father … does he still work here?"
"No," he said.  "He died a few years ago."  The stranger shook his head once and turned to adjust his bed.  "The farm hasn't been doing well so I had to get a job here."
"You and everyone else, son."
Rovil turned and lay down on the cot.  He stared at the high ceiling and cursed himself.  He was talking too much already.  "Don't say the word 'coalition,'" his mother warned, "and don't use your real name."
The job was too important to the family.  He couldn't mess this up.
XXXI
OURANOS
145 Years Before the End

Ouranos moved around the table to the control panel.  He pressed a few buttons and then looked up at the circle.
A single light glowed steadily and then made a complete sweep of the shape.  As it passed, it whispered, using the sound for further sensory input.
He nodded and returned to the table.  As he sat, he lifted the circle and the neat tangle of wires and circuits attached.  He swiveled over to the golden housing and lowered the components into position.  He reached into the neck and snapped a few leads into place.
"Is there … anything I can do?"
Ouranos turned and looked at Dr. Donovan.  The man was harried and tired.  He seemed to have aged ten years in the last two.  He was supposed to be aiding Ouranos with the Life Extension Project, but …
"No.  Not right now."
He clicked the circle onto the face of the golden housing and pushed it away from the edge of the table.  He connected cables from it into a large collection of electronics and processors nearby.
"Tell me, doctor," Ouranos said.  "How does the Caesar plan to get organic bodies for himself if Tiberia is so hopelessly behind on genetics, medicine, …"
"I've talked to Caesar about all of this."  Donovan shook his head, "More times than I can count."
Ouranos looked up from the circuits.  "And his response?"
"'Advance us, doctor.'"
Ouranos nodded and moved a magnifying panel into place above a processor.  "He's the emperor … he can take what he needs from other nations."  He glanced at Ryall and then back to his work.  "He took me."
"Don't think the thought hasn't crossed his mind."  Donovan leaned against the wall.  "He's still worried about the Senate, to a point."
"I see."  Ouranos clicked something into place.  "Politics was never my strongest subject."
The doctor drank some water and asked, "Did you have some other idea?"
"I do."  He straightened up in the chair and then lifted the golden shape from the table.  "The time isn't right, though."  As he manipulated wires, he asked, "How go your efforts with the prefects?"
Donovan shook his head.  "They are either ready for a box or already in them.  Of course, they want puppets like Caesar's for them to operate ..."
"Hm."
"But that takes more time than I have."  Ryall sighed again.
"This will help in many ways."
Ouranos pressed a button in the middle of the electronic mass.  A few servos sprang to life and a tiny light on each processor panel began to glow.  The single blue light in the circle stuttered for a moment and then began to sweep counterclockwise around the shape.  It whispered as it moved.  And then it spoke.
"Standing by."  The voice was clear and feminine.  
Donovan moved away from his corner and looked over Ouranos' shoulder.  "Amazing."
"Thank you."
Ryall cocked his head and said, "You know, I think I would give it an intentionally mechanized voice.  It's a bit disconcerting for it to sound so human."
Ouranos nodded.  "Maybe."
"What are you going to call it?"
He lifted the golden head higher and watched the blue eye sweep on and on.  Ouranos smirked and said, "Cyclops."
XXXII
GAIA
145 Years Before the End

She looked up at the sign.  "Pausa," it read.  Her shoulders slumped and she kept walking.
Dawn would arrive soon.  The BBM compound was near.  
"State your business," a guard said.  The flashlight shone in her face.  She shielded it from her eyes for a moment and then stood straight.  "My God," the man mumbled.
He guided her behind the barricades and into the facility.  Another guard brought her a coat and they led her across the field to the main doors.  She stopped and looked at the tree.
That's where she and Ouranos were taken.
"Are you alright?"
She didn't say anything.  She started walking again and entered the compound.  
The next hour was a blur.  Ushered down hallways to medical facilities and labs.  Sleepy-eyed doctors flashed their lights in her eyes to check dilation.  Technicians scanned her body and read their devices.  She never said a word.
"Gaia?"
She recognized the voice.  She looked up and saw Dr. Karin Baraz.  Her face was pale and her mouth was hanging agape.  Gaia nodded once.
Baraz immediately hugged her.  "I can't tell you how glad I am to see you."  She stopped squeezing her and sat down on a stool nearby.  "How are you?"
Gaia didn't answer.
"When did you last eat?"
Her voice cracked, "Three days."
She snapped her fingers.  "Get some bread and water."  Baraz brushed her hand against her matted hair.  "You can have something more substantive once you get your body working right again."
Karin asked more questions but Gaia didn't listen.  Not until Baraz said the name "Ouranos."
"Where is he?" Gaia asked.
Baraz sighed and said, "Still in Tiberia.  Working for the Caesar, we think."  
Gaia closed her eyes.  "I ran.  He offered us freedom to work and research with him but I knew it was a trap.  I ran.  I hoped Ouranos was behind me … but he wasn't."  Karin said nothing and simply watched her speak.  "I ran for four whole days straight.  Then I moved at night.  It took months to get out of Tiberia."  Someone set a glass of water and a few slices of bread by her on the table.  Gaia grabbed the water and gulped it a few times.  She pulled it away from her mouth and asked, "How long was I gone?"
"Two years, three months."
Gaia didn't answer.  She sipped the water once more before putting it down.  Picking up the bread, she asked, "Can I stay here?"
Baraz smiled and her throat clenched.  As her eyes began to well up, she said, "Yes.  You're home."
XXXIII
CAESAR
145 Years Before the End

"Glorious!" Tribune Cato Yale said.
"Look at it," another man said.  He walked to one side of the machine and scanned it again with his eyes.  "Imagine a legion of these."
The Caesar nodded.  "I am imagining it now, general."  
The device stood two meters tall.  It was thin but mechanically muscular.  Light reflected off every surface of its golden hull.  A bright blue light circled the front of its face.  Its servos whined when the thing moved, but now, the only noise audible was the light whistle of the eye.  The emperor looked to Ouranos.  The dark-haired man was holding his head high.  There was a slight smile on his face.
The imperator walked to him and clasped his shoulders.  "Two years, Ouranos.  Just two years."  He turned back to the creation and shook his head.  "You have honored me beyond measure."
Ouranos nodded while Yale moved around its periphery.  "How strong is it?"
"Stronger than any human," Ouranos said.
"And it can be programmed with fighting techniques, missions, …"
"Anything you desire, Tribune."
Caesar moved to face the machine directly.  His chest broadened and he said, "Cyclops."  Immediately, its golden arm swept across its torso, clanking its fist against its left breastplate.  "Do you recognize me?"
Its head lowered briefly and then returned.  "I do not, master."  The metallic, staggered voice echoed in the marble chamber.
The emperor's chin jutted and he said, "I am Caesar Maxentius the Ninth.  Lord Imperator of the Tiberian Empire."
"Understood, my lord."  It then bowed at the waist.
Caesar's eyebrows lifted and he turned to Ouranos.  "And it will remember this?"
"Indeed, imperator.  It has learned."
He walked toward his scientist, glancing only briefly toward the wall where Donovan stood, hiding.  "And for the Life Extension Project."  Ouranos nodded.  "Can a unit such as this be adapted for my purposes?"
Ouranos smiled again.  "It can indeed.  Doctor?"
Ryall slowly moved from the wall and into the open beside Ouranos.  "We have greatly expanded the amount of information that can be stored and miniaturized all the relevant technology.  There are, still, a few hurdles …"
"Minor," Ouranos interrupted.
Caesar ignored Donovan completely and put his hand on Ouranos' arm.  "What do you need?"
Ouranos' head lowered slightly and he said, "Two things."
"Name them."
"Grapheet.  It is an invaluable resource in producing nanocircuitry like the Cyclops utilizes."
Donovan spoke from the side, "It would also be of great help in the bioengineering we need for organic bodies."
Caesar ignored him again.  "Two?"
"Cereisium."  Casear lowered his head.  "Other elements in its group would suffice.  Palladium, arcium, rhodium, ruthenium, olfactum."
The imperator stepped back toward the Cyclops and watched its eye circulate.  It still had its hand planted on its chest.  "With what we have available, how many more can you make?"
"With little margin for error," Ouranos paused, "less than two hundred."  Caesar sighed and moved away from the machine.  "If we expend our stores on making Cyclops, in force, we wouldn't have enough to continue research down this avenue for the Project.  Even without making more, we may not have enough to continue the needed research."
Maxentius returned to his ornate, enameled wooden chair and allowed the cables from his back to drape properly around it before he sat.  When he did, he crossed his left leg over his right and held his chin in his left hand.  He glanced from the Cyclops to Ouranos.  "I know where we can get a surplus of both items."
He lowered his head and responded, "As do I, lord."
That was ten months ago.
Today, Caesar stood upon the deck of Tiberia's largest aircraft carrier, Valerian.  In the distance, he watched smoke rise from Nandia's capital city.  Planes screamed overhead toward Pithardra, loosed their payloads, and moved away before explosions rocked what remained.
"Imperator," a subtribune said from near Caesar's chariot.  "Our forces captured the prime minister of Nandia, three generals and the mayor of Pithardra as they attempted to flee."
The imperator looked away from the battle and beamed at the woman.  "Fantastic news.  Ready my landing."
"As you will."  She turned and ran away.
With a thought, Caesar turned his large, motorized chariot toward the deck lift.  It carried the whole of his existence disguised in an ancient vessel of war; the box that held his mind was hidden under his feet and in the front of the vehicle.  That fool Donovan tried to talk him out of taking it into a warzone, but Ouranos created a backup of his mind for safekeeping.
"Praetorians," he called.  Blue-robed men came to the chariot's side.  They wore contemporary battle armor, highlighted with silver, and carried automatic weapons.  As the deck lift lowered to the shuttle bay, Caesar addressed them.  "I will take my chariot into the city and meet with the prisoners.  As per our oldest traditions, I will not set foot upon foreign soil until they have surrendered."  He bent over and lifted a fistful of dirt, taken from the palace gardens in Tiber.  He looked at it and then let it fall back to the chariot floor.  "Should that happen, you will remain close behind me to conceal my attachments."
"Yes, my lord," they said in unison.
Minutes later, their amphibious craft was lowered into the bay.  Its engines churned and the dark gray bulk rode through waves toward the city.
The imperator dove into the Matrix in his thoughts.  He watched news from other nations, covering the incursion.  He was more interested in seeing footage from his own forces at Nandia's southern border with Tiberia.  
There, he watched as thousands of soldiers marched behind two centuries of golden warriors.  One hundred sixty Cyclops ran forward with their rifles raised.  They squeezed the triggers for only the barest moments, allowing just a few bullets to escape.  Caesar didn't have to check; he knew those shots found their marks.
A column of tanks rode up the right while the Cyclops moved down a slight incline.  Low, rolling foothills of the Pyrenees stretched out as far as he could see.  There were some fortifications and they fired at the Tiberian forces, but the machines were too fast.  The emperor watched footage of the initial invasion for more than twenty minutes.  He never saw a Cyclops fall.
"Door is down!" he heard an officer yell.
The imperator withdrew from the Matrix and rolled his automated chariot toward the ramp.  The sea lapped underneath the metal panel and he moved over it quickly.  The wheels of his cart dug into the wet sand before it found purchase and moved into Pithardra.
"Welcome to Nandia, lord," Legate Basilus said from further up the beach.  "The Line Command is just ahead."  
"Lead the way," Caesar said.
The chariot rolled over sand and grass before reaching a street.  The emperor looked up and down its length, seeing nothing but debris and smoke.  In the distance, another great explosion echoed and caused the ground to quake.
"My lord," another legate said from a tent flap.  Caesar nodded and ducked underneath as he rolled into the spacious command facility.
Legates, generals, tribunes, subtribunes, and more were arrayed.  They saluted at once and then parted to reveal bound men and a woman kneeling on the ground.
The imperator moved his chariot toward them and rotated it so that the open rear was facing them.  He studied their lowered heads and watched them for a sign.  Any sign.
"I am Caesar Maxentius the Ninth," he said.  "Ruler of Tiberia."  The prisoners said nothing.  "Do you welcome me?"
Slowly, a general's head rose.  She inhaled deeply and pursed her lips.  With a violent motion, she spat toward the emperor with the glob falling just shy of the cart.  Several of the Tiberian soldiers began to move toward the general but Caesar raised his hand to stay them.  
"What about you, Prime Minister Somap?"
The older man raised his head and shook it slowly.  "No, emperor.  We will not welcome you or your men."
"Very well."  Caesar watched as Somap lowered his head.  He looked across the group and knelt within his chariot.  "Do you surrender?"
The three generals all lifted their heads to look into the imperator's eyes.  They shook their heads as the other prisoners did from their cowed positions.
"The might of Tiberia is upon you.  Pithardra smolders," he motioned toward the door of the tent.  "Armored columns have made short work of your southern border and are coming here.  And," he stood up, holding a single finger aloft, "have you seen the newest weapon in our arsenal?"
A general looked down somewhat and muttered, "Yes."
"A century of Cyclops is coming this way."  His volume increased.  "They are fast.  Faster than any soldier you have ever seen.  They are strong.  Their aim is true."  He knelt down again, "They are deadly."
Slowly and deliberately, the prime minister raised his head.  He looked at the Caesar and said, "Nandia will not surrender.  We have not surrendered to Tiberia ever, though the Caesar's boot finds itself upon our necks time and time again."
The imperator nodded and stood.  "The last time was … two hundred years ago."  He inhaled deeply, though he didn't have to, and continued, "We freed Siron from the rule of your king."
"Lies," Somap barked.  "You sowed rebellion so you could take the Siron Corridor for yourselves."  Caesar didn't respond.  He looked at the faces of the generals.  They were staring at him now.  "Tiberia takes and takes.  You are no different than your forefathers."
Maxentius grinned and said, "Thank you."  He folded his arms across his chest.  "This is what will happen.  Our forces will hold Pithardra until the ground units arrive in about ten days.  Your armies will be obliterated, your people will be rounded up.  If you value their lives and your culture, you will surrender to imperial rule at some point before my magister arrives here."
"We will not surrender," the female general said.  Caesar was about to turn and roll his cart away when she continued, "You cannot kill us all.  When the batteries run out for your puppet there, I will take our flag and frak your plastic ass with the pole."
The imperator tilted his head and glared at her.  Within his mind, he felt something he hadn't felt in years.  Rage.  He looked at his boots.  He twisted his left foot and watched the dark brown soil displace slightly on the floor of the cart.
Then Caesar stepped to the ground.
The Nandian prisoners whipped their heads toward the sight and their eyes widened.  The Tiberian legates and tribunes gasped.  The imperator paid them no mind.  He took another step forward.  He flung his purple cape behind him to conceal the cables that tethered him to the chariot.  He extended his right arm and flattened his hand.  His "skin" glimmered and began to pour toward his fingers.  Still flesh colored, it formed a wedge that protruded from his fingertips by ten centimeters.  Then twenty.  Then thirty.
Everyone in the tent stared in awe.  As they did, Caesar quickly swept his hand across himself, slicing into the throats of two generals.  He did the same to the third.  Their blood sprayed into the air as a fine mist backed with the occasional thick spurt.  Their bodies slumped forward and to the side.  Prime Minister Somap's face was covered in red and he blinked furiously, as much to get it out of his eyes as out of sheer surprise.
Caesar turned toward him and let the blood of his victims fall from his hand-blade.  Drip.  Drip.  Drip.  It pooled in the sand before Somap and the old man watched the grains swirl in the puddle.  Speaking low and quiet, the imperator asked, "Do you surrender?"
The prime minister was quaking and he nervously looked to his left at the fallen commanders.  Without looking Caesar in the face, he quickly shook his head.  "No."  His voice was barely above a whisper.
He nodded briefly and retracted his right arm.  Caesar lifted his left leg, leaned his body forward and thrust his right hand straight through Somap's chest and out his back.  The sound that escaped his mouth was akin to a wet belch as the air from his lungs was expelled almost instantly and simultaneously drowned in blood.  The imperator removed his arm, allowing the body to fall over.
The mayor of Pithardra was weeping violently and fell onto his side.  Caesar stared at him for a moment before walking toward him.  The mayor felt his approach and twitched, thinking his end had come.  Maxentius placed the face of his hand-blade on the man's side, causing another twitch, before wiping the blood from it and onto the prisoner's shirt.  Caesar then turned his hand over and did it again.  The mayor continued to blubber as the emperor caused his "skin" to return to normal.
"Keep him prisoner," he said.  "We might need him."  A tribune nodded and Caesar stepped back onto his chariot.  
He thought for a moment about the ramifications of what he'd done.  No emperor had violated the "sanctitas soli" for twelve hundred years.  Caesar looked through the Matrix to see who that was.  Pertinax, he thought when he found it.
Despite the bombing of Pithardra and the legions of soldiers making their way north through the country, the imperator's few steps from his chariot officially claimed ownership of Nandia for Tiberia.
XXXIV
CRONUS
145 Years Before the End

"That hurts," Tethys said.
"Just a moment."  The scientist pushed the probe further into her naked torso.  The woman pressed against the restraints as much as she could.  "Almost there."  She turned her head far to the right and locked eyes with Cronus.  She began to cry.
"That's enough."
Biv looked over at Cronus and smirked.  He turned the probe again and heard a beep.  "I'm finished."  He withdrew the thin device causing Tethys' chest to heave and blood to pour from the wound and over her dark skin.  She breathed heavily and more blood spilled to the table.  She squeezed her eyes shut and began to sob.
"Finish your work!" Cronus yelled.
Biv turned and looked at him.  He shook his head and said, "Hold on."  He returned to the small table and removed a capsule from the probe he used.  Then he walked to Tethys and wiped the small incision with a disinfectant pad.  After applying a thin line of suture glue, he unclipped her restraints and walked out of the room.  Tethys didn't move.
Cronus watched her.  Anger made his skin flush and he grit his teeth.  After a slow and deliberate deep breath, he asked, "How are you?"
Her weeping had been rather quiet, but now she became loud.  She brought her arms to her chest, covering herself, and then she folded her legs under her.  She didn't speak.
"It will get better."
Cronus moved his right arm against his restraint.  His exam table was vertical and he had been bound there for over two hours.  He was waiting for a technician to perform yet another test on him.  He never returned.
Tethys rolled off her table and she gingerly reached toward a chair.  Crouched over, she removed her robe from the back and slid into it.  After regaining her composure, she stood straight and walked toward Cronus.
"I don't know how much more I can take."
Cronus nodded.  As she undid his buckles, he said, "I'm working on something."
Thethys looked up at him and mumbled, "You've said that for a while now."
He didn't answer.  
Once he was free, Cronus went to the hook on the back of the door and removed his robe.  After putting his arms into it, he looked at Tethys.  She was examining the incision through her open robe.
"Pericardium testing?"
She nodded.  "There's some bacterial pericarditis in Eridia.  It's killed hundreds."
"That doesn't excuse," frustrated, he waved his hand toward the table, "rape."
Tethys walked toward the door.  "It could be worse.  I could be Coeus."
Cronus licked his lips.  "Yes."
They walked into the hall and passed by several darkened examination rooms.  It was only when they returned to the Psilon's common room that they saw how late it was.
"Where the frak have you been?" Hyperion asked.
"Tied down," Cronus said.  He pointed to Tethys and said, "Pericardium sampling."
Mnemosyne nodded knowingly.  "I had that, too."
Theia asked, "What about you?"
Cronus shrugged and sat in a large chair.  "I was strapped down hours ago.  Kandall left and never came back."  The Psilons scoffed and shook their heads.  
Hyperion handed him a few slips of paper.  "Did you see this?"
Cronus read the headline first.  "Tiberia invades Nandia."  His eyebrows lifted and he skimmed the first few paragraphs: "Citing Nandian espionage, the Caesar's forces … scientific advancements stolen from Tiberian laboratories … international community balks, saying such claims are without merit … expert said, 'It's a power grab by Maxentius IX …'"
The others began to talk amongst themselves while Cronus furrowed his brow and leaned against the pillowed arm of the chair.  He tossed the papers to the table before holding his jaw and thinking, only listening occasionally to what the others said.
"We've been here for almost nine years.  Nine years!"
"I don't know why you're acting surprised."
"It used to be better, though.  I'm serious.  We had freedom …"
"No, we didn't."
"We were at least allowed to ask questions.  To suggest things.  They don't let us do that now."
"They let us live here, together."
"But not before sterilization.  That's not freedom."
"How many more times can they keep doing the same tests on us?  Taking the same tissues and fluids?"
"They've stopped killing us.  Testing the transfer systems."
"Only because they ran out of ways to kill us."
"When was the last time you talked to Dr. Baraz?"
Pause.  Cronus realized they were talking to him.  He shook his head.  "I sent a message last month.  I didn't hear back."
Phoebe stood up from the couch in a huff and marched toward a fish tank.  "She's too busy with the government."
"Business, business."
"Not just that," Crius said.  "She's still on them to do something about Tiberia and Ouranos."
"She's taking care of Gaia, too."  Some of the Psilons scoffed, but Rhea kept talking.  "She's one of us, in a way.  She used to be where we are now.  She still needs help."
"It doesn't matter," Iapetus began.  "She's not here and she can't help us.  At worst, she's not interested in helping us."
Cronus was tired.  For so long, he tried to speak with Dr. Baraz and Dr. Hikka.  Hikka was killed in an aeroplane crash years ago … Baraz became distracted by Ouranos and Gaia's abductions.  What little contact he had with people who actually listened to him was gone.  He glanced toward Coeus.  A once-tall, proud, and brilliant man was now reduced to a quivering wreck.  He sat in the corner, spinning a child's toy in his palm.  "Psychological testing," they called it.  The procedures, whatever they entailed, seemed to age him years in a matter of days.  
Cronus stood up and opened his mouth to speak.  He balled up his fists to muster the anger he needed to rally them.
"What's going on in here?"
The Psilons turned toward the hall and spotted one of the night guards.  He looked at each of them before settling on Cronus.  He jerked his head in a "come here" motion.
Keeping his fists tight, he slowly approached the shorter man.  "Yes?"
After looking down the hallway once, the guard passed a small piece of paper to Cronus.  He spoke barely above a whisper.  "You dropped something."  Then he turned away, standing just outside the door.
He unclenched his hands and unfolded the note.
"Cronus," it read, "I understand you're having difficulties at home.  Perhaps you should come for a visit.  We're ready for you."  It was signed, "Ouranos."
Cronus grinned and turned slowly toward the Psilons.
"What is it?" Themis asked.
He didn't say anything.  Cronus crossed the room and sat at the table beside Coeus.  He was still playing with a brightly colored sphere.  The Psilons gathered behind him as he spoke.
"Coeus."  He didn't answer.  Slowly, Cronus reached up and took the toy from Coeus' hand.  He grunted and tried to take it back.  Cronus passed it over his shoulder and Oceanus grabbed it.  After putting his hand gently on Coeus', he said, "Are you listening to me?"
Coeus studied the other man's hand for a moment.  Then Cronus began to slowly stroke the tops of his knuckles before patting it.  Coeus looked up, wide eyed, and nodded.
Cronus smiled and said, "Good."  He leaned forward.  "Are you tired of this place?"
Coeus looked around and seemed pensive.
"What about the exam rooms?"  Immediately, Coeus moaned and began to withdraw.  "Yes, yes," Cronus said as he started to calm him down.  "I understand.  You don't want to go there again?"
Coeus shook his head violently.
"Good."  Cronus looked at his fellow Psilons and ordered, "Bring me a pencil and paper."  He glanced at Coeus and said, "A pillow, too."  While a couple turned away to retrieve the items, Cronus patted Coeus' hand again.  "I have a plan."
XXXV
BARAZ
145 Years Before the End

Karin stared at Coeus' body.  Though his expression was one of peace, his hair was scraggly, his fingernails were very long and he seemed emaciated.  This wasn't the man she knew.
"Dr. Baraz," Tim Solon said as he placed his hand on her arm, "the investigators say they're ready for us."
She nodded without removing her gaze from Coeus.  She followed her assistant to the doorway of the Psilons' common room and found Inspector Rhodes there.
"Doctor," he said, "good morning."
"And you."
"Let's go in order."  He flipped a page in his notebook and pointed to the body.  "Just before twenty, Coeus was smothered.  More than likely by the pillow found next to him."  Baraz glanced back toward the unattended corpse.  "We verified this thanks to the computers in your laboratory."
"Right," Baraz said.  Her mind had been racing since she got the call hours ago.  She tried regulating her breathing so she could observe everything in a detached manner.  It wasn't working.
"The guard, Nicholas Dore, led the remaining eleven through the corridors," he started walking.  Baraz and Solon followed him.  "Into the lab."
Typically closed off and requiring special clearance, the main door was open and several officers and inspectors were loitering in what had been a clean environment.  "Inspector," Karin said, "can some of your people please wait outside?  I'd prefer to not contaminate our research more than it already has been."
"Sure," he snapped his fingers and the crew left their huddle.  "Head up top and see if Kyle needs you for anything."  They nodded and departed.
"Thank you," Baraz said.
"There was a struggle here," Rhodes pointed at an overturned tray and its spilled contents.  "The group then forced the three researchers into this small exam room here on the left."
They crossed the space to the empty lab.  Two tables were pressed against the far wall.  An office chair was overturned.  Belts and straps littered the floor.  Rhodes held up a computer slate, showing the images of the three unconscious technicians.  Biv, Aemon and … what was the third man's name?
"They were drugged, strapped down, and tortured."
"'Tortured?'" Solon asked.  "How?"
"One, Rod Kandall, just had syringes jabbed into his limbs.  The other two …" his eyes widened and he flipped a page.  "Nicanor Biv had a medical probe inserted in his rectum and he was covered in a thick liquid.  Nathan Aemon had a probe forced down his throat."  Solon shook his head as Rhodes continued, "They'll be fine.  It sounds more disturbing than it probably was.  They were … drugged before all that."
Karin looked around the room and didn't see what she was looking for.  "I was told that a note was left behind."
Rhodes nodded and pressed a few lights on the panel.  "Yes.  It was attached to Biv's clothes."  He turned the rectangle around so she could see.
It was Cronus' handwriting.  Karin recognized that much.  What it described, though, seemed completely alien.
"For years, we have been trapped in this facility.  For years, we have been tested on as though we were little more than animals.  We have been treated as less than human.  We have been sterilized so that we cannot engage in the most basic of human behaviors.  We have been treated as mere equipment.  Our blood, bile, flesh, and bone are used to cure sick people, but we aren't asked to help.  We give no input.  We contribute nothing besides our very beings.  We have been used for target practice to test our download systems and we've been put through psychological trials that would break the greatest minds of man … it did break the greatest mind among us.  Enough.  We have been offered sanctuary and we will take it."
"If Karin Baraz bothers to return, tell her she should be ashamed."
She lowered the computer pane and stepped back, leaning her shoulder against the wall.  The inspector saw her expression and he held his head low.  He organized the notebook for a moment, allowing Baraz time to compose herself.
Her mind reeled yet again.  Breathe deeply.  I was gone too long.  I was helping with Gaia.  I was busy petitioning the Dorian and Tiberian ambassadors.  I wasn't paying attention to what was going on here.
"Can we proceed, doctor?" Rhodes asked.
Karin nodded.  Solon moved toward her to console her, but she waved him off.
"They left this room and moved back into the main lab, toward the canisters in the back here."  They walked into the cavernous, mostly white laboratory, their steps echoing in the darkness.  In the rear of the room, a few dozen tightly packed casks were lined up.  Lights glowed within a golden gel.  Silhouettes of the bodies inside lay hidden.  Baraz stared down into one of them.
"I must say, everyone on my team was a bit surprised at all of this," Rhodes said.  "We knew you had artificial people like Ouranos and Gaia, but this …" he motioned at the canisters.  "No idea."  He walked down one of the rows and stopped at one.  The golden light seemed to be brighter than the others.  There was no silhouette within.
"Coeus?" Tim asked.
"Yes," Karin said.  "This body was awakened when the other was killed in the common room."  But, she thought, would he still be psychologically damaged as Cronus suggested the other body had been?
"It was almost twenty-thirty when this canister was opened," the inspector said.
Karin squinted.  "That's too long."  She pressed a few buttons on the side.  "Coeus transferred to this body at nineteen fifty-seven."  Rhodes nodded.  "He sat inside for half an hour?"
"Apparently."
Baraz turned and looked around the lab.  "He was part of the plan."
"How so?"
Karin turned back and said, "I believe that the Psilon … the man who awoke here, was psychologically damaged by experiments he was put through.  The others killed him in the common room, hoping that being in a new body might cure him of those ailments."
"Right," the inspector said.  "Would it?"
"It would depend on the nature of the damage."  She thought more and looked around.  "He didn't get out of the pod, though.  It may not have been safe."  Baraz wandered among the casks, looking at the panels and around the seals.  She saw a glint of light on the floor.  When she bent down, she realized it was a splatter of the golden ichor in which the bodies waited.
Karin stood and looked at the Psilon container nearest the spill.  It was a Phoebe.  She touched the controls and saw that the hatch had been opened at nineteen forty-nine.
"Oh, no."
She opened the top and looked at the unconscious, empty Phoebe inside.  It was hard to see, but Baraz was able to tell that she had been disturbed.  Her connections were pulled to one side, her hair was mussed, her legs were apart.
Karin slammed the lid down and took a deep breath.  "Inspector, you'll need to get a technician down here to perform a sexual assault exam on this one."
Rhodes was stunned but he complied.  Baraz and Solon sat down in a small administrative office for another three hours while the officers did their work.
"Dr. Baraz," the inspector began as he first entered the room, "I think we've got that part of things figured out."
"Nicanor Biv," Karin said.  "He's the one who assaulted her."
Rhodes looked up and nodded.  He ran his fingers through his hair and said, "Yes.  That explains the gel on his body and clothes.  And he admitted to it when an officer asked him at the hospital a short while ago."  The inspector sat down and propped his head up on his left arm as he flipped through his notes.  "Back to the chronology of everything, …"
"I've had time to think," Karin said.  "Coeus remained in his canister because he saw or heard Biv with Phoebe nearby.  Then there was the commotion.  Cronus and the others entering the bay, attacking and gathering up the technicians that were there.  Only when Cronus came to the canister did Coeus get out.  As they planned."
Rhodes nodded.  "Makes the most sense.  And then there's the datacubes."
Baraz's head jerked up, "'Datacubes?'"
"Yes," the inspector cleared his throat and continued.  "Judging by the empty slots, at least forty-two cubes were removed from the main computer room."
"Show me."
Minutes later, they were one level down and looking at a mass of processors and wires.  The drawers were still open.  The panels of the drawer were colored a deep black but mirrored slots with lights dotted the base.  Cubes were missing from six drawers.
"Do you know what data was on them?"
Dr. Baraz was leaning against a column.  She blinked very slowly.  "Yes."  She was so tired.  "Data relating to … Psilons.  How to make them.  Their memories.  A little bit of everything."
"And from here," Rhodes said, "the guard, Dore, got them out of the compound and to two waiting vehicles."
Karin lifted her head off her desk.  How did I get back here?  She looked around and saw that it was fifteen.  The afternoon, again.  She shook her head and pressed a button on her wrist.  "Tim?"
She heard movement outside her door and then Solon entered, yawning.  "Yes, doctor?"
"Where's Lisa Onesi?"
Tim breathed through his nose and thought.  "Um, she came by early in the morning while the inspectors were still here.  She told me to tell you she'd be at home.  To call if we needed her."
"Call her.  Tell her to meet me in the main lab."
"Done."
Karin pulled a computer panel from her drawer and scrolled through the information.  Who was in charge of the psychological testing …  Nathan Aemon.  She stood up from her chair and straightened her clothes.  She didn't even want to look at her reflection.  "Walk with me, Tim."
He stood up from the desk, bringing along a slate.  He tapped on it as they walked.
"Draw up dismissal papers for Nathan Aemon and Nicanor Biv."
Solon tilted his head and said, "Absolutely."  He pressed lights and asked, "What about Kandall?"
Baraz grimaced and said, "Let me think about it."  They entered the laboratory, passing by discarded police barricade plastic and still-overturned equipment.  The pair stood in the semi-darkness for several minutes before Dr. Onesi entered the room.
"Dr. Baraz?" she called from the entrance.
"Come here, Lisa."  
The young woman crossed the room and stood next to Karin.  Only then did she turn to look at the mess caused by the Psilons.  "Do we know exactly what happened here?"
"To a point," Karin said.  She put her hand on Onesi's shoulder.  It was a rare moment of physical contact for her, but one she felt was needed.  "Lisa, I need you to be honest with me."
Onesi seemed almost surprised.  "Of course."
Karin sighed and said, "How have things been since … since I haven't been here like I once was?"
She licked her lips and then answered, "Not good.  After Dr. Hikka's accident, I didn't like the direction Dr. Pankra was leading his teams in.  Their attitude was … almost cruel."
Baraz turned toward Tim.  "Add Pankra to the list."
"I didn't say anything," Lisa continued, "because they got results.  Five new medicines last year alone.  An epidemic in Manden, gone."
Karin nodded.  "I understand."  She released Onesi's shoulder and turned toward the Psilons' canisters.  "Those days are over now."
"I see," Lisa said.  "What's next?"
"You will be my second."  The young woman was shocked.  "You know the people here better than I.  If any of them fall into the 'cruel' category, they are to be dismissed.  Immediately."
"Yes, doctor."
"In the meantime, we should begin again."  Baraz walked toward the first casks and let her fingertips brush the plastic.  "We won't make the same mistakes."
"So we should awaken the twelve again?"  Onesi folded her hands and said, "We can easily sever the connection with the original Psilons, so the new twelve will be like blank slates."
Karin shook her head.  "No.  We'll wake them all.  Every single one of them."
XXXVI
THE MESSENGERS
145 Years Before the End

Centurion Cal Drusus led his group down the slope.  Nandian artillery began to thump in the distance.  He knew they only had seconds before the hillside began to erupt.  "To the rocks!" he yelled.
The soldiers darted for cover behind the huge boulders.  Black smoke tore the mossy ground all around them, catching a few as they ran.  Drusus was sitting next to a small man made larger by his armor and his weapon.
"Are you afraid?" the centurion asked.
The young soldier hesitated and then said, "Yes, sir."
Drusus smiled and said, "Of course you are."  He leapt from his position and then began to run down the hill again.
The soldier peered around the corner of the rock and watched him go.  Mortars continued to explode around them but the centurion made it to the next rock outcropping.  
Then they heard the metal.
Rhythmic clanging began over the ridge before the Cyclops became visible.  Their golden armor caught the light of the sun as they crested and, as soon as they did, they aimed their weapons and began to fire.
Emboldened, the young soldier and his comrades ran out from under the cover of the boulders toward where the centurion now waited.  They slammed against the rock as Drusus watched the Cyclops contingent storm down the hill.  Artillery continued to barrage the slope, knocking a few of the machines aside.  Drusus focused on one and watched it sit back up, check its limbs and then stand again to run and shoot.
"Like them!" Drusus yelled.  "Be a Cyclops!  We run into the fire and we fire back!"
The centurion leaned out and fired a few shots toward the enemy.  Then he ran to another rocky outcropping.  The soldiers left behind checked their weapons before doing the same.  Once they left the cover of the rock, they saw three low-flying gyrocraft over the Nandian encampment.  The gunships were coming this way.
"Move!" Drusus screamed.
The soldiers ran toward him and looked down the hill after the Cyclops.  The small detachment assigned to their cohort had already run the length of the slope and was fighting at the barricaded entrance to the base.  Artillery, mortars, and rifles were still trained on the hill, though.
The centurion stepped back from the small group of fighters and looked them over.  "You're almost there.  Feel the fear and use it!  Run headlong into battle for your glory and the glory of the Caesar!"
Drusus lifted his rifle and began to charge down the hill.  The soldiers began to follow, but as soon as they left their cover, the Nandian gyrocraft opened fire.  High-speed bullets lit into the ground and rippled through the centurion.  His body flopped lifelessly to the hill but the fighters continued to run as the aircraft swooped overhead.
Drusus' body vanished and the Messenger drifted downhill toward the soldiers he had just been leading.  The gyrocraft was turning around for another strafing and the warriors were nearly at the barricades alongside the Cyclops.  The Messenger looked into the mind of each of the fighters and felt their overwhelming fear.  Despite this, he had used it for days to lead these people into battle.  
Fear, the Messenger thought, is a powerful tool.

Minah Gaber sat on the side of the road by a small farm in Ghattaffan.  The afternoon sun had set but the heat was not waning in the least.  The horizon wavered at one end of the road and she thought she saw someone coming.  She wasn't sure until the woman waved.
"Hello," the stranger yelled from dozens of meters away.
Still very tired, Minah returned the wave, but didn't speak.
"Waiting for the bus?" the woman asked.
Minah nodded.  The stranger sat next to her on the side of the road and wiped her brow with a small rag.  "Where are you going?"
"Just over the hill.  To Mafang."
Gaber looked back to the west.  She couldn't see the bus yet.
"I'm Aurie."  The stranger offered her hand.  She looked at it for a second before she decided to shake it.  "You?"
"Minah."
Aurie nodded.  "You work here at the farm?"
"Yes," Minah said.  "I have for many years."
"I see."  She put the rag in her pocket and exhaled through pursed lips.  "Family?"
Gaber's expression went blank and she looked back toward the west.  "Some."
"'Some?'"
Minah nodded.  Without looking away from the wavering mirage, she said, "I had a daughter who died ten years ago.  My husband and a son died in a truck accident four years ago."
"I am very sorry," the woman whispered.
Gaber nodded.  "Some family remains."
"Well, there is an old saying where I am from.  'All is not lost or fades into the din, God is eternal and the world continues to spin.'"
Minah didn't answer.  
"You are one of the Faithful, yes?" Aurie asked.  She lowered her head, trying to catch Gaber's eyes.  "Ramani?"
She finally answered, "I was."
"I understand."  Aurie leaned away and tucked her hair under a headband.  "If I lost my family … I don't know what I'd do.  Much less believe."
Minah stared at the western horizon again.  Why won't the bus come, she thought.  I don't want to talk about this.
"I know it doesn't seem like it … I know you don't feel like it, but God does have a plan.  Everyone plays their part."
Gaber sighed and turned toward the woman.  Giving a withering glare, she said, "'A plan?'  What possible plan could God have that includes killing my children and husband?"
Despite the tone of voice, Aurie smiled.  "I don't know.  God is … God.  We don't know, exactly, what he wants."  Minah shook her head and turned away.  "But I know this, he loves you."
Without looking away from the horizon, Gaber scoffed and said, "'Love.'"
Aurie said, "You just have to have faith."
Minah grit her teeth and balled up her fist.  She was ready.  When she turned to angrily rebuke the woman, she saw that Aurie was gone.
The Messenger stood nearby, invisible, and watched Gaber recoil, at first in horror, and then in bewilderment.  She turned from side to side, looking in every direction.  Then the tender saw something glow and grow within the woman.
Faith, the Messenger thought.  Very, very powerful.  Very useful.
XXXVII
AHLJAELA
145 Years Before the End

The bus rumbled into the lot and screeched to a halt in front of large doors.
"Out!" the foreman shouted.
Rovil and his co-workers stood from the benches and began to shuffle down the narrow aisle and into the dusty air.  The lot and roads were not yet paved.  The buildings were bare and didn't even have company logos on them yet.  The other four buses began to disgorge their passengers and once all were assembled, a man in a suit approached and spoke with the foremen.
"Let's go," the man said.
Everyone walked to the large doors which opened as they got near.  Inside, huge metal frames contained conveyor belts and empty hooks.  Bins were positioned about the walls.  Mechanical arms stood at the ready and tools were in their holsters by the workstations.  None of it had been touched.  It was all brand new.
One of the foremen overturned a bin and the suited man climbed atop it.  "Welcome to your new jobs.  You have all been chosen because you are hard workers and because you know your place."  A few workers began to speak among themselves but the foreman spoke louder, "Before anyone asks, you'll be allowed to go home after the first run is finished.  That's at least five weeks."
Rovil glanced to his left and right.  He recognized a few people, but not many.
"When you do go home, you will be watched."  Everyone went quiet and still.  "This is important because your silence is needed.  What you're about to do comes from the Caesar himself."  The man waved to the side.  Then, a loud metallic thumping echoed in the plant.
A golden-armored machine walked in front of the workers and stopped just beside the bin.  There was a loud gasp and Rovil stared, open mouthed, at the robot.  It was holding an automatic rifle and it was looking across the crowd with its circling blue eye.
"This is a Cyclops and they are the future."  There was some chatter among the workers but the foremen clapped their hands.  "This one and two others will be stationed here to keep an eye on you all.  Don't underestimate them."
Rovil swallowed hard and looked again at the machine.  He had read stories.  He knew that these warriors were deadly.
"You're going to be building the Caesar's armies.  You are now part of the greatest war effort the world has ever seen."
The foremen entered the crowd and began to divide them into groups.  Rovil was herded to one side.
"They're going to go get situated in the living spaces while we begin the unpacking process," the foreman said.  "Once that's done, we'll all meet to learn our new jobs.  Go on over and start uncrating the supplies."
Ahljaela moved toward the large boxes.  They had been haphazardly spraypainted with a stencil reading, "Siler River Robotics."  Beneath that, there were more words.  Rovil couldn't read the foreign language but he did recognize the flag of Nandia.
XXXVIII
CAESAR
144 Years Before the End

"Lord Imperator, Princeps Senatus, Caesar Maxentius the Ninth!"  Before the echo of the senatorial praetor's voice left the hall, the emperor strode into view.  The five hundred or so patricians gathered there stood and applauded.
Caesar clicked his heels together and bowed toward the people before turning and walking to the left side of the platform.  He flung his deep purple cape behind him, reveling in the lack of cables.
"Don't move too quickly," Ouranos warned.  "Don't expend too much energy."
Caesar didn't care.  He was free of that box.  And his puppet.  Free for only a few hours, perhaps.  Still, it was a measure of freedom.
"I am humbled, most humbled, to be here in this ancient and holy place on the day of my Triumph," he said.  Maxentius looked across the sanctuary at the assembly once more, grinned, and then turned to face the priest before him.
The Synoptic Church in Avantine Square was more than a thousand years old.  On this same spot stood another Synoptic Church for nine hundred years before that.  It was leveled in a fire that swept the city.  And before that building was raised, this was where the Temple of Saturn stood for centuries more.
Saturn, Caesar thought.  The Atticans called him Cronus.  He smiled again.  I've got Cronus in the palace working for me.  His body didn't require it but he took a chest-puffing breath.  The gods work for me.
He looked up and saw the murals on either side of the antique glass window.  On the left was Saturn, his face molded from ancient red clay, holding his sickle and hourglass.  On the right, Saturn again.  Here he was seated in his golden throne, holding a lightning bolt scepter, surrounded by the other Titans.  The window itself formed the shape of the sun wreathed with myrtle, in honor of the most ancient beliefs of Tiberians.  In front of it hung the symbol of the Median faith, a circle bisected vertically by a simple line.
The white-robed pontifex maximus approached and raised his hands.  "Let us pray."  Caesar knelt and lowered his head.  He studied the contours of his blood-red boots as the head priest of the Synoptic Church spoke.  "Lord of all, we ask for your blessings this day.  We honor you and ask your blessings upon our leader on this day of his glory, and we pray that he will use it to further your glory."
The pontifex maximus removed a small cylinder from his sleeve and pressed a lever.  There was a light spark inside and the incense began to burn.  Once the first wisps emerged from the device's vents, he extended his arm fully and slowly made a circle in front of the Caesar.
"Benedictus Deus," the priest said.  
"Benedictus Deus," the audience responded.
The imperator's eyes widened.  I can smell it!  Like vanilla … I can smell it.  He hadn't smelled anything in almost two decades.  Ouranos and Donovan's last upgrade was well worth the time spent.
"Confiteantur tibi populi, Deus," the priest said.
"Confiteantur tibi populi omnes," the people answered.
The circle motion was complete and the pontifex maximus held the device upright in his hand; his forearm remaining perfectly still and perpendicular to the ground.  After a few moments of stasis, the tendrils of incense that left the device clung to the priest's hand and sleeve.  Then, he pursed his lips and blew the smoke onto the top of Caesar's head.
"Deus tecum."
The emperor lifted his chin and inhaled the remnants of the incense.  When the molecules hit his olfactory sensors, he smiled again.
The pontifex maximus left the platform and exited the sanctuary.  From the opposite side of the room, the flamen entered.  A priest representing the pre-Median faith of the Empire, the flamen was primarily ceremonial and he performed few duties beyond Triumphs and festivals.  
Wearing a heavy wool cloak over his fringed, off-white toga, the priest bounded up the stairs and stood on a small stool beside a marble table.  He bowed low, showing off the leather skull cap that marked him as an official of the old religion.
He clasped his hands above his head and said, "Great Caesar!  Son of Tiber!  Come before the gods of old and make good our bonds to tradition!"  The cheer in the man's high-pitched voice was contagious and Maxentius smiled as he rose from his kneeling position on the left side of the dais and walked to the right.  He stood in front of the marble table with his left side angled toward the audience.
The flamen pushed a tray of items across the table toward the imperator and he placed a golden bowl next to him.  The priest struck a long match and then laid it inside the receptacle.  The fuel inside began to burn and the flame rose several centimeters above the rim.
"We honor the Titan of Titans first," the flamen said.  "Saturn, god of harvest, god of time, god over all.  Place the spoils of conquest in the flame."
Caesar lifted the prepared sheaf of wheat from the tray with his left hand and, in his right, he held a small sickle.  Holding the bundle above the fire, he raked the blade about the top of the wheat, allowing grains and chaff to fall and be quickly consumed.
"Now we honor Polus, god of knowledge."  The flamen took the sheaf and sickle as Caesar gathered the parchment and quill.  "Place the knowledge gained in the conquest in the flame."
The emperor had thought for some time on what to write on the slip.  He knew the parchment would be small and the time to write short … then he recalled the moment he stepped off his chariot and the shock that spread around that tent.  He scribbled, "Power," folded it up and then dropped it into the bowl.  It took a moment, but the velum caught light, popped a couple of times, and was consumed.
"Let us honor the first god of Tiber," the flamen said.  Caesar laid down the quill and picked up the sickle again.  "Before the Titans, there was Quirinus.  God of war, god of the city.  Honor the dead of Tiber with your blood."
Caesar practiced this several times over the last week.  He put the blade against his "skin" on the arm just above his wrist.  With a flourish to hide what actually happened, he lightly raked the sickle across the top of his arm.  Red liquid, which he stored within his fluid metallic covering hours ago, poured out and into the flame, where it sizzled.
The flamen clasped his hands again and bellowed, "The Caesar has honored the Titans of old!  Now let them honor him!"  He removed a wooden box from under the table.  He opened the dual panels and reached into the purple velvet to withdraw a silver shape.  "As the gods honor you, you will also honor your forefathers by bearing their triumphant visage!"
It was the lifemask of Gaius Marius Caesar, the first emperor of the Tiberian Empire.  More than twenty-four hundred years old, it was Tiberia's most revered object.  Several in the audience gasped as the flamen held it aloft.  It was only removed for the coronation of new emperors and the triumphs of emperors.  Given Maxentius' lengthy reign, very few alive today had ever seen it before.
The priest lowered it to the tabletop and removed a small crystal flask from the wooden box.  He pulled the stopper and poured the contents into the concave side of the mask.  Then he lifted the silver artifact and tilted it in every direction.  Caesar watched the red liquid spread out over the contours.  
The flamen lifted it again briefly before placing it in front of the imperator's face.  He leaned forward, trying to align his nose with that of Gaius Marius'.  For most of his life, after seeing his father's Triumph, Maxentius wondered what the red paint would feel like on his flesh.
Nothing.  His "skin" wasn't sensitive enough to convey that to him.  He felt a slight warmth, possibly a wetness … that was all.  The Caesar was disappointed, but he quickly pushed that aside.
"In privilege you were born," the flamen said as he lightly pressed the back of Caesar's head down, "in honor have you ruled, in wisdom have you governed, in strength have you stood, in triumph shall you march!"  
The priest withdrew the mask and Caesar slowly stood erect again.  He kept his eyes closed for a few moments before nodding to the flamen.  Then, Maxentius turned to the audience and opened his eyes.  He looked across their faces and saw pride.
The crowd stood and lowered their heads in respectful silence.  The emperor stepped down from the dais and moved through the center aisle to the temple's front door.  Behind him, he heard the audience begin to file out through other exits so they could assume their places in the triumph or along the route.  He blinked slowly and tried not to move his mouth.  He didn't want to disturb the ceremonial red paint.
"Lord Triumphator," Toma Marcus said as he placed his fist over his heart.  Next to him, Magister Marcia Camillus saluted also.
Maxentius smiled and returned the gesture, "Triumphator.  Triumphator."  Here stood the only three living triumphed citizens of Tiber.  Camillus was fresh from her own Triumph just a month before.  Having led the ground campaign into Nandia, the people grew to love her and her public addresses on their progress.
Caesar, however, ordered this Triumph for himself.  After violating the "sanctitas soli," he unwittingly annexed Nandia in one fell swoop.  It was something unheard of and bold.  The people loved it.  Their leader, seemingly in top physical form again, taking for Tiberia what was Tiberia's.
"I am about to return to Viminal Square, lord," Marcus said.  "If there's anything else you require …"
"No, Toma.  Thank you."
He stepped away and Camillus slid into his position.  "Dominus."
Caesar smiled and said, "We meet again so soon."  Maxentius turned and began to walk toward his heavily adorned chariot.  "I assume you will be in the cohort before me?"
"I will, emperor," she said.  "If such an occasion arises, I am more than willing to serve as your magister again."
Caesar nodded.  "I will keep that in mind."  As Camillus strode toward her own chariot, he realized that she didn't want the Triumph to be the end of her career.  She is still very young, he thought.
He pivoted on his right foot and grabbed the handle on the side of his cart.  The four white horses attached whinnied at each movement Caesar made.  He mumbled, "Can you hear the whine of my metallic motors?"  Despite the padding in his Cyclops body, he could hear them, too.  
As he stepped into the chariot, he felt one of the servos in his right hip give out.  His eyes widened and he clumsily slung that side of his body into position.  He wanted to think a message to Ouranos, but this body didn't have Matrix access.
"Lord imperator," a young man said from the cobblestones of Avantine Square.  "I am the scribe assigned to be your mementic."
Caesar tilted his head.  "I see." He had forgotten about this part of the parade.
The fellow stepped into the chariot behind the emperor and held the side of vehicle.  Maxentius looked down his side to see where the squire would be standing.  He sighed and gazed ahead at the procession.
From atop the Synoptic Church, a horn was blown.  The first of the musicians and flower children left Avantine Square and turned the corner to walk downhill.  Caesar watched them disappear and smirked at the roar of the crowd.  The bound Nandian prisoners were moved ahead next, followed by the carts loaded with captured goods ready to be tossed into the crowds.  From the port several kilometers away, several battleship horns blew, echoing along the river and throughout the city.  Once a sufficient space was cleared on the parade route, the three hundred ceremonially attired senators and the central government's consuls filed in.  More musicians and flower children followed.  A group of priests with activated censers joined them and waved their smoking wands about.  Triumphator Camillus moved her chariot into the lane and the Cyclops cohorts left the edge of Campus Quirinus, marching behind her.  The imperator smiled brightly and tightened his grip on the leather reins.  After three legions of human soldiers left the field and began to march, Caesar urged his four horses forward.
When the chariot lurched, the mementic lifted the golden laurel into place above the emperor's head and said, just loud enough to be heard, "Remember, you are a mortal."  
Caesar's eyes narrowed and he looked across the procession.  Air crackled high above and Maxentius glanced up in time to see three squadrons of twenty-four fighters each fly overhead, spilling lengthy trails of purple, red and golden smoke.  They blasted above the Triumph's route in the first of many such appearances today.
The emperor began to turn down Avantine Hill and the scope of the Triumph first hit him.  As far as the eye could see, people lined every hill, field, building, and beyond.  They were in trees, on rooftops, hanging from windows and streetpoles.  Millions of people gathered in Tiber to see this, the first Triumph of a Caesar in nearly one hundred years.  Attendants threw Nandian coins and food into the crowd.  Children tossed flowers into the air where the petals were lifted by the breeze.  Horns blared loudly and joined the cacophony of signals from the warships offshore.  Once their leader's red face was visible, both to their naked eyes and to the hundreds of screens placed along the route, the crowd became more rambunctious than ever before.
Caesar's chest swelled and he felt the sensation of a lump in his throat.  It was purely a mental illusion, but he could swear it was there.  He smiled and lifted his hand only to have his reverie quashed by the squire again.
"Remember, you are a mortal," the mementic said.
The emperor ground his teeth and turned toward the boy.  After snatching the laurel from his hand, he said, "Your services are no longer required."
XXXIX
CRONUS
144 Years Before the End

"This feels … pointless," Cronus said.
Ouranos lifted his eyes from a microscope and looked across the room.  "How so this time?"
He shook his head and tossed a piece of paper onto the table.  "Yet again, we lack some of the basic resources we need to move ahead on these things."
"I told you that when you first got here."  Ouranos slid away from his position and rotated to look at the younger Psilon.  "Caesar wants to make a living body for himself and we lack almost everything to get it done."
"In Doria, we could have," Coeus said.  He rubbed his face and turned a datacube over to examine the base.
"We're not in Doria," Rhea said.
Cronus stood up and walked to the wall.  He turned and pressed his shoulder into the corner.  After scanning the faces of the Psilons and Ouranos, he smiled.  "We're the best minds in the world.  We can figure it out."  He looked at Coeus again and thought, Today seems like a good day for him.
Oceanus nodded.  "We will."
Coeus held up another datacube.  "There's a problem, though."
"What?"
"If I'm right, when we finally do get the ability to create bodies, we will only be able to duplicate ourselves at first."  Coeus set the datacube back in the receptacle and pressed buttons on the computer.  He scratched his head furiously and leaned over toward the screen.
Cronus sighed.  "Small favors."  He looked toward Phoebe and asked, "What about reversing our sterilization?"
She shook her head.  "No.  Coeus is the only one who's unaltered, since he had an unscheduled death."
"Am I intruding?"
Everyone looked toward the doorway and saw the Caesar standing there.  The Psilons stood and bowed toward him and the imperator stepped inside, motioning for them to sit back down.
"Please, carry on.  I'm simply curious."  He was using his Cyclops body again, as he often did these days.
Cronus nodded and glanced at Ouranos.  He pulled himself from the wall and walked toward Maxentius.  "My lord, may we speak freely?"
The emperor's eyebrows lifted.  Ouranos glanced about nervously before his gaze settled on Cronus and Caesar.  "Please."
Cronus took a deep breath and lowered his head.  "We continue to study the … creation of organic bodies for the Project."
"Yes," Caesar said.
"Of course, we brought datacubes from BBM when we left, but, unfortunately," Cronus looked toward Coeus, "it seems that much of the data is only useful when applied to duplicating our own bodies."
Caesar stopped moving and his face went blank.  He lifted his head a little and said, "I see."
Cronus lifted his hands and began to gesture, "Now, we can certainly extrapolate from that information the data we require.  It will simply take a little longer."
Maxentius smirked and said, "I have time.  I understand.  Just get it right."
"Of course, lord."  
The emperor asked, "How long until you are able to create these duplicate bodies for yourselves much as you had in Doria?"
Cronus turned his head as he thought.  "A few years, at least.  Once we have the materials, it shouldn't take long." The imperator turned to look at something Hyperion and Theia were working on.  Cronus spoke up again, "I do have another concern."
Caesar turned back around and arched his eyebrows.  "Yes?"
"Materials.  Computing power.  Tiberia lacks most of what we would need."
The emperor folded his arms across his chest.  "Everything from Nandia?  Nothing there?"
"Many things, yes," Ouranos interjected.  "Lord, the grapheet alone will be very helpful with organic engineering, but most of what we claimed is needed for making more Cyclops.  There are some things that not even Nandia had."
"I understand."  Caesar paced about in a tight circle and stopped when he faced Cronus again.  "You've felt this way for some time?"
Cronus raised his chin and looked into the false eyes deeply.  "Yes."
There was a lengthy pause.  The other Psilons stopped what they were doing and turned to watch.  Caesar sensed this and smiled.  "You need not fear to speak your minds, truly."  A few Psilons sighed and grinned.  "You people …" he turned toward the others as he talked, "you have already contributed to the Empire in ways that cannot be quantified."
He moved toward Mnemosyne and placed his hand on her shoulder.  "You've helped increase our computing power and miniaturized the technology simultaneously."  He pointed to Oceanus and Tethys, "You two created a better desalinization facility than anything our scientists made in the last five hundred years."  He looked at Hyperion and said, "Solar batteries."  He shrugged and said, "More of our people have reliable energy than ever before."  Caesar glanced around at the others and continued, "You're all working on the things that interest you and Tiberia reaps the benefits.  Thank you."  Caesar then bowed toward the Psilons.
They appeared somewhat dumbfounded but they eventually smiled.  Cronus looked at Ouranos, who seemed surprised at the emperor's good mood.
"You go ahead and do your work.  Tell me what you need and I will do what's in my power to make it happen."  The Caesar took a small step toward Cronus and said, "There are large plans afoot.  And you," he pointed his finger at Cronus and then swept it across the room at each of the other Psilons, "are all part of it."

Cronus held Rhea's hand.  They were sitting in the chairs of the auditorium while they waited for the meeting to begin.
"I had fun last night," he said.
Rhea grinned.  "I did, too."  
He put his arm around her and looked at Coeus and Pheobe.  They were smiling and laughing, just like Cronus and Rhea had been.  He heard a gasp and looked over his shoulder.  Two rows back, Tethys playfully smacked Hyperion for making some unwanted remark.
A door opened to the left and everyone in the auditorium turned.  It was just Cronus and Themis.  They had been carrying on the last few months just like all the other Psilons.  Soon after, more people entered the room.  Iapetus, Theia, Crius, Crius, the third Cronus, another Rhea … Ten minutes later, all of the Psilons had gathered.
The chatter became loud and Dr. Karin Baraz emerged on stage.  This had been the media room for Baraz Bio Medical, but she used it as the meeting place with all of her children, as she put it.  
"Gaia," she said.  Baraz waved and she left the curtains, too.  After Gaia sat in a chair on stage, Karin lifted the microphone to her mouth.  "Hello, everyone."
"Hello," most of the crowd answered haphazardly.
"Time for another meeting."  She smiled and looked around the auditorium.  "I'm glad to see everyone in such good cheer."
Rhea squeezed Cronus' hand and he smiled, too.
"It's been a year, almost, since you were all awakened."  Karin looked down at her feet and then slowly raised her eyes.  "I feel like … I feel like I haven't been good enough to you."
Cronus squinted at her and a nearby Theia said, "You have."
Baraz raised her hand and paused before speaking.  Gaia reached toward her and touched her arm.  She didn't react but she did start to talk.  "You know how your siblings, the first twelve, were treated."  The Psilons nodded.  "You know that BBM isn't about making profits any longer.  It exists now to right the wrongs that we … I committed."
Cronus began shaking his head.
"There's no excuse for what was done.  I can only hope that some … good will continues to come out of here.  From you."
Rhea nodded and said, "Yes."
Gaia stood and took the microphone from Karin.  "There were wrongs, but those were in the past.  Now, when it matters, you are there for us, doctor."  There was scattered applause.  "And BBM isn't out of business.  I'm pleased to announce that a vaccine for necrovirinae has been approved for distribution.  Congratulations, Coeus and Theia."  The two stood while the Psilons cheered raucously for them.
Baraz smiled and Gaia handed her the microphone again.  "Very good work."  When everyone settled again, Karin said, "And now I have some more good news.  First, the last group of houses on the compound will be open and ready for you to move in tomorrow."
Rhea's eyes widened and she turned to Cronus.  He laughed and hugged her tightly.  
"Second, and even more important …"  Baraz chuckled.
"I still can't believe this," Gaia said.
"Second, congratulations to Themis and Iapetus."  Many of the Psilons turned in their chairs to find the couple.  "They're having a child."
The room went silent.  Mouths hung open and all breathing appeared to cease.  Dozens of eyes focused on Themis.  She became self conscious and reached toward her stomach.  Baraz noticed the reaction and raised the microphone again.  As she was about to say something, the auditorium erupted in cheers and applause.  Psilons rose from their chairs to greet the expectant parents.
While they waited nearby for their turn, Rhea tugged on Cronus' arm and pulled him closer to her.  "I wasn't sure we could even have children."
"Me neither," he answered.  With a smile, he said, "I can't wait to start trying."
XL
OURANOS
142 Years Before the End

He was moving through screen after screen of coding.  He just couldn't find it.
"I feel as though a hammer is hovering above me," Donovan said.
Ouranos sighed.  "Mm-hmm."
Donovan slowly lifted his head from his hands.  "It's like a special torture this."  He gestured toward Ouranos.  "You know far more about computerization and memory than I.  You've accelerated the Project much further than anything I could have done in my lifetime."  He shook his head.  "There's no reason for me to remain."
Ouranos closed one file and opened another.  "Perhaps you're right."
Donovan whipped around and he glared at the back of the large man's head.  "I've tried.  You've seen that, yes?"
Ouranos watched screen after screen flash by.  Still no sign of the problem.  "Yes."
"I've made suggestions.  I've … I've written down my ideas."  He grunted and almost laughed.  "Cronus just tossed them aside.  'I'll look at it later,' he said."
"Cronus is arrogant."
Ryall nodded.  "He is."
"But brilliant."
The doctor closed his eyes and looked away.  "Yes."
As Ouranos closed that file and opened another, he said, "You need to ingratiate yourself with the Psilons."
"What?"
"They are the future," Ouranos said.  He didn't see what he was searching for.  "The Caesar won't be satisfied with his Cyclops body forever.  The Psilons … they embody all that he desires."
"Yes," his voice was low.
Ouranos turned and looked at Donovan with as much sympathy as he could muster.  "If you learn from the Psilons and bring to them your own expertise, you can be useful to them.  Caesar already sees the Psilons as useful and if you're useful to the Psilons …"
Ryall began to nod.  "Yes."  He licked his lips and then squinted.  "But Cronus …"
"Ignore Cronus," Ouranos said.  He moved to a different file in the directory.  "Start with someone else.  Mnemosyne.  She is kind-hearted and she is very knowledgeable about computers, memory transfer, and the like."
The doctor nodded again.  Finally, a small smile crept onto his face.  "Yes.  Thank you."
Ouranos didn't answer.  He had found the coding.  Even after reading it through several times, he didn't understand where it could have originated.  The newer Cyclops being trained and organized fresh out of the factories didn't have this problem.  The older ones, the veterans of Nandia, for example, did.  These new files were slowing down their processors.  It caused hesitation and even slight power drains.
Ouranos was looking in the memory files of one of those Cyclops.  He shook his head and wrote down the name of the file and the directory.  I'll have to keep an eye on that, he thought.
Then he pressed "delete."
XLI
CAESAR
141 Years Before the End

It was a dinner party with very little food.
The Caesar and most of the prefects remained in the grassy center area of the palace's grounds.  Attendants stood nearby, but these people would not be eating.  Prefects Curus and Aelia were still human.  They ate a little, but they curbed their appetites so they could remain nearer the others.
"Another stellar electoral victory, dominus," Cleon said.  His cube remained on a cart and its speakers conveyed the smarm of his voice adequately enough.
The robotic puppet of Gallian joined in.  "Indeed.  The Senate will remain with you for years to come."
Caesar looked at the new form of the prefect.  In life, he was slovenly and homely.  Naturally, he contracted with Dr. Donovan to give him a better body than he could have achieved on his own.  The emperor's eyes followed the cables from Gallian's back, across the grass and into a blinking box against a fence.  Caesar inhaled and silently thanked the fates he wasn't tethered like that any longer.
"My lord," Etne began, "as prefects, it is our duty to advise you on matters of state."
Maxentius raised an eyebrow and regarded her differently.  Of the dozen or so prefects, she was the only one to get Donovan and Ouranos to implant her mind in a Cyclops body like his.  Her technological wherewithal aided that feat.  "Yes, prefect?"
She lowered her head and then turned to look upon her fellows.  Most were in cubes like the Caesar used to be.  Gallian and Titus had robotic marionettes.  The two "living" prefects appeared nervous.  "There is growing rancor in the international community …"
"Pah," Cleon said.
Etne shushed him and continued, "We have ignored the outside world since the annexation of Nandia."
"They can talk and talk for ages on end, dear," Lucanus said, "but they will do nothing.  The Pact of Nations hasn't dared stand against the Empire since Caesar Chlorus two hundred years ago."
Etne nodded.  "True, but the annexation did cause the Pact's Defense Committee to meet again for the first time in several decades."  
"Since Strand," the emperor said.
Etne took a step toward Caesar's chair and knelt.  "Imperator, I have received word that there is talk of recriminations."
Gallian and three others laughed.  Caesar gazed into Etne's false eyes yet he believed he saw sincerity.  Gallian spoke up, "Pay no heed to such talk, my lord.  If the Pact of Nations deigns to bite at our heels, they have no teeth to harm us."  Etne looked toward the sky in frustration.  She was ready to answer him but the chorus of laughter from the various boxed minds proved too loud.
Caesar raised his hand and the noise subsided.  "You are wrong, Gallian."  He glanced at Etne and saw her smile.  That made him feel better.  "Tiberia is dependent on several nations for resources we cannot produce ourselves."  Etne was nodding and he pointed at her.
"Embargos," she said.
"Indeed."  The prefects were silent and Maxentius leaned forward.  "The Empire's population is now over one billion.  Our natural resource stockpiles are nearing depletion and we seem unable to find more within our borders."
Curus spoke softly, "Could we annex Eridia?  They have little in the way of defenses …"
Caesar lifted his hand and shook his head.  "Too far away and nearly stripped clean centuries ago.  The same for Gela.  That island is desolate … little point in even maintaining a presence there."
Etne stood again and backed away.  "My sources say an embargo will be proposed within the month."
"I have heard the same."  Maxentius leaned his face against his right hand.  "I have a plan to … maintain our sovereignty and our way of life."  The prefects said nothing.  Caesar continued, "I will, perhaps to my own surprise, require your aid, prefects."  He stood and clasped his hands behind his back.  "The coming weeks will be trying for all in the Empire.  I dare not share our plans now, but I will need you to speak with the magistrates and governors in your regions.  Ensure peace on the homefront.  Assure the people that their sons and daughters will not be conscripted into imperial service."
"Of course, imperator."
"Absolutely, my lord."
"Yes, dominus."
Caesar nodded and stepped away from the group.  He glanced back at Etne and motioned for her to follow.  Immediately, she trotted across the grass to be by his side.  Maxentius kept looking back at the collection of boxes and puppets.  The cubes were garishly decorated with false medals and swaths of fabric meant to evoke togas.
"My lord?"
Looking away from them, he said, "I have never made a secret of my distate for the prefects."
She blinked rapidly a few times and nodded.  "Yes, lord?"
"You, however," he wagged his finger at her for a second, "are much more valuable than perhaps even you realize."  Her eyes widened and he continued, "Your technological connections.  The surveillance legislation you shepherded through the Senate some years ago.  I will continue to need them both."
"Of course."
The emperor leaned in close to her and said, "I will make certain that Tiberia can survive whatever the world may do."  He clenched his fist and continued, "With armies of Cyclops, I will strike out at the Pact before they may do anything."
Etne slowly pulled back and stared at him.  She said nothing.
Maxentius grinned.  "If we plant our flags in the soil of the nations that supply us, there can be no embargo."
XLII
THE MESSENGERS
140 Years Before the End

The tender entered the Gaber home in Ghattaffan and observed.
Minah Gaber remained, as did four of her children and her late husband's mother.  They all worked at the farm.  They all continued to eke out their existence.
"Great God," she began with her arms outstretched, "I ask that you bless our meal and allow it to fill us with energy so we might do your will.  Amen."  After a few moments of silence, Minah lowered her arms and said, "Let's eat."
The youngest, Jarrek, ate his bread first and ripped it apart in his teeth.  Minah shook her head at him and then smiled.
The Messenger watched them and noted the happiness that seemed to remain within the mother, despite their travails.  The being then looked about itself and saw the future echoes that crowded the home.
It is almost cruel, it thought.  But it may be the only way.
Once dinner was done and the children were in bed, only Minah and her husband's mother remained awake.  While the elderly woman sewed, the Messenger caught Minah's attention with a sound only she could hear.
Gaber exited the house and stood on the small porch.  She looked into the dark distance.  The stars were visible.  A light nearly a kilometer away was seen.  That was all.
The being allowed Nami's existence to fill her.  She felt her pain, her sadness, her frailty, and her love.  The memories of her short life ran through the Messenger's mind in the instant before she spoke.
"Mother?"
Minah's head turned quickly and her heart raced.  Her hair stood on end and she collapsed to her knees.  She opened her mouth but it was a few seconds before the barest sound emerged, "Nami?"
The girl nodded.  "I can't stay long," she said, "but it's important."
In a dash, Minah crossed the several meters of the porch and swooped the child into her arms.  She squeezed her tightly and wept.  "I don't care!  You're back!"
The being in the guise of Nami smiled and returned the hug.  "Mommy, I can't stay."  
Minah rocked her back and forth for several more moments.  Finally, she pulled her head away and said, "You're not really back, are you?"  Her tear-soaked face glistened in the starlight.
Nami shook her head.  "No.  But … I needed to tell you something."
"What?"
"You need to leave."  She glanced toward the house.  "Everyone."
Minah's eyes darted toward the window before she turned her head to one side, "Why, baby girl?"
"War is coming."  Minah didn't seem to react so Nami reached toward the house and put her hand on the wall.  "Machines.  And men.  They're coming soon."
Minah nodded a little but didn't respond.  She held her daughter's hand.  "This is our home.  Your grandmother," she looked into the window but didn't see the old woman, "she's too weak to travel.  We can't leave her."
"But the bad machines are coming.  In a few days, they could be walking through the house."
Minah smiled and squeezed the child's hand tighter.  "Something happened while you were gone, baby.  I met an angel.  From God."  Nami tilted her head to listen while Minah kept speaking, "She said that God has a plan and that we have our parts to play.  We just have to have faith."
Nami looked at her feet and pouted somewhat.  After a moment, she looked up and said, "What if the plan is for you to leave here?"
Minah nodded and looked toward the stars.  She breathed in and out, slowly.  "I don't feel like it is."  She smiled at the image of her daughter and then took her other hand in hers.  "I have faith."
Nami asked, "But what if I'm an angel, too?"  Minah blinked.  The girl smiled and hugged her mother's neck.  "I love you, mommy."
Minah choked up again and tears streamed from her eyes anew.  "Oh, baby.  I love you with all that I am."
Nami pulled away and muttered, "I have to go now."
Minah began to protest, but before she could speak, the girl was gone.  She fell forward on the porch and cradled her own head in her arms.  She sobbed loudly.
The Messenger watched.  As the last vestige of Nami left its being, it shuddered with an echo of sadness and regret.  Still, the experiment was a success.  Faith remains, she thought.  Will it be enough to see her through the coming days?

The explosion rocked the house.
The father, Rosto, jumped from his bed and looked out the window.  Smoke and flames were billowing from the storefronts on the other side of the street.  There was another explosion further away.  He leaned out of the window and saw a plane streak by in the sky.
"Everyone, get up!" he screamed.  He pulled on his pants and shoes.  He slipped his arms into his shirt and picked up the cloth bag that was hanging on his door.
"What's going on, father?"
"I don't know.  Clothes, now!"
There was another explosion further away.  
"I just called Kari.  They're leaving, too."
The father nodded at his wife and clapped his hands.  "Move, move!"  A bomb hit next door.  Glass from the bedroom window facing the street blew across the room and cut his arm.  He leaned against the wall and his daughter brought him the first aid bag.  "It's not that bad.  You can patch it up when we get out."
"Ready!" his son yelled from the door.
Rosto looked at his wife and daughter.  They nodded and left the apartment.  As they descended the stairs, tiling from overhead came loose and the lights flickered.  The ground rumbled and quaked.
"Is it the Caesar?" his son asked.
"Probably," Rosto answered.  They left the stairwell and ran across the parking lot to their vehicle.  They were the most prepared family in the building, he thought, because they were the first to be out.  A few other families, still in their nightgowns, were racing out of the doors now.  
Rosto turned on the vehicle and quickly left the lot.  "Food?"
"Here."  The mother patted the two large bags she carried.
"Camping equipment?"
The son turned around and looked over the rear seat into the open space behind them.  "It's there."
"First aid?"
The daughter answered by handing a medium-sized bandage toward the front seat.  The mother peeled the paper from the adhesive and Rosto held his bleeding arm out.  His wife applied it quickly and smoothly.
"Very good."
They drove through two traffic lights before they saw more fleeing vehicles.  Planes shrieked overhead again.  Bombs detonated behind them.  As the new rumbling subsided, the warning sirens came on and screamed into the burning night.
"Late, of course."
The outlying neighborhoods began to be emptied and the highway out of the city, Auju, became crowded.  Rosto slowed down and looked both north and south.  All of the roads seemed filled now.  He looked in the rearview mirrors and saw smoke and flame.  He turned and looked out of the window.  A squadron of planes swooped low and dropped their ordinance just east of Auju.  The field was illuminated by the blast and rings of light expanded with the shockwaves.
"Was that the airfield?" his son asked.
"Yes," Rosto answered.  "They won't strike the nefti fields south of town.  That's why we're going that way."
"They need the energy for themselves," his daughter said.
"Yes."
Planes continued to streak by.  Bombs were loosed and Auju continued to burn.  They were on the highway for an hour before they reached the crest of the highway.  Auju was five kilometers behind them, still visible, when they finally were about to drive down into the foothills of the Baetican Mountains.
"Dad!" his son yelled.  "Dad!"
"What?  Why are you screaming?"
"Look at the city!"
Rosto shook his head and looked in the rearview mirrors again.  The fires were gone.  He didn't see smoke.  He only saw the normal lights of Auju.  
"What the …"  He stopped the car and got out quickly.  He walked away from the open door and continued to stare at the city.  Vehicles and trucks behind him began to beep their horns.  Some lowered their windows and yelled at him.  Rosto, though, was entranced.
He looked down at his arm after realizing it didn't sting any longer.  There was no blood.  He pulled away the bandage and felt no pain, aside from the hairs that were yanked.  Underneath, there was no wound.
As he let the bandage drift to the ground, other evacuees noticed the city, too.  They emerged from their vehicles and stood staring at Auju.  Rosto's wife came up beside him and whispered, "What does it mean?"
He could only shake his head.
Behind them, from the south along the Baetican Mountains, they heard approaching aircraft.  Slowly the people turned and they watched squadrons of fighters flying low scream overhead and toward the city.  High above, bombers became visible as clouds parted.  All of the vessels fired on Auju and the battle began.
As bombs detonated in the nearly empty city, fires and smoke became pillars in the night sky.  Rosto, his family, and hundreds more stood on the highways outside of the city, trying to understand what got them to depart an hour before the attack actually started.
Nearby, the Messenger stood invisibly and watched their minds reel.  He was weakened by that massive effort, but the being was pleased at the success of his deception.
XLIII
CRONUS
140 Years Before the End

The Caesar gathered all of the Psilons in his primary throne room.  Banners and tapetries detailing the history of Tiberia hung from the vaulted ceiling among gleaming columns of great girth.  Upon a marble and gold throne, the emperor sat atop a flight of stairs and looked down on the Titans.
"You have done well for me and for Tiberia," the imperator began.  He was wearing his usual light gray tunic with some military decorations on the chest.  He leaned forward in his grand chair and said, "And now I have favors to ask of you."
Cronus lifted a single eyebrow and glanced across the face of his comrades.
Caesar smiled a little and said, "Tiberia is threatened.  Not just militarily, but economically, too.  The Pact of Nations believes embargos are needed to choke the life from the Empire."  He ground his fist into his other hand.  "I will not allow that to happen."
He motioned to a uniformed officer, who then walked toward a cloth-covered board and pulled the drapery back.  A lighted map of Isinnia appeared beneath.  Tiberia was highlighted in red.  Six nearby countries were slowly throbbing in blue.
"For the Empire to sustain … for the Empire to advance, these six nations must be added in Phase One."
Cronus' eyes widened.  Coeus lifted his hand to catch Caesar's attention and the leader nodded toward him.  "Dominus, wouldn't this action provoke the Pact into a military response?"
The imperator inhaled and turned toward the map.  "There will be talk of it, yes.  But the nations that would remain in the Pact are not, shall we say, up to the task of fighting us."  Caesar turned and saw more than a few concerned faces.  He smiled, caringly, and said, "Contrary to what you might have been told, Tiberian rule is not cruel.  We allow subject nations to retain their cultures and have a measure of autonomy.  The people are immediately put on a path toward Tiberian citizenship.  In your years here, you know how much responsibility that is and the power it could mean one day for some … farmer in Saban.  Or a fisherman in Lagas."
Cronus finally spoke.  "You said you needed us."
Caesar nodded.  "Yes.  When this happens, I will need people in these six nations I can trust.  Legates will take care of the military operations; that's their job.  Ouranos has more than adequately prepared our armies.  Fifteen whole cohorts of Cyclops in just five years."  He folded his arms across his chest and continued, "Senators and consuls … and prefects," he scoffed, "will be vying for appointments."  He pointed at each of the Titans and said, "But I'm going to give it to you."
"Excuse me?" Hyperion said.
"I want to name you as my praetors and put you in command of each nation."
The Psilons were stunned.  Phoebe laughed out loud.  Caesar smiled and Tethys said, "My lord, I … we're not politicians or generals."
"I don't want you to be either of those.  You are among the most intelligent people on the planet and, beyond that, you have experienced, firsthand, the inhumanity of some people toward others, namely yourselves.  You know how not to behave.  You could be natural leaders."
Tethys was about to speak again when Mnemosyne interrupted, "I just want to work on the Project."
Caesar nodded toward the slight woman and said, "Please, do so.  The LEP will continue with your valuable contributions.  I know you and a few others," he glanced around, "have been working diligently on it.  You've even been working with Dr. Donovan on it and I understand you're making great progress."  She nodded and the emperor added, "But you keep hitting the stone, yes?"  
Mnemosyne lowered her head and answered, "Yes."
Caesar pointed at the map.  "Assuria.  Some of the best farmland, next to Saban and Erlitoun.  They have huge fields where they do nothing but grow algae.  Then they process it into foods and fuels.  And," he raised a pointed finger and aimed it toward the Psilons, "outside of Attica and Nandia, they have the most advanced bioscience facilities in the world."
Oceanus nodded.  "They could have everything we need."
Caesar nodded and Iapetus stepped forward.  "I volunteer."
The emperor smiled and exclaimed.  "Fantastic!"  He looked across the others' faces and said, "I only need six of you for right now."
Cronus took a deep breath and then he took a step forward.  "I'm ready."
Caesar smiled again.  "Thank you."
One month later, Cronus was standing in an aeroplane as it descended toward the Alabor capital city.  The Titan looked about the cabin at the Cyclops assembled around him.  Their blue eyes circled and the gold armor reflected the setting sun that streamed in from the plane's windows.
Gold armor, Cronus thought.  Military units, one would think, should be drab colored, dark colored, or camouflaged.  No, the Caesar was so confident in Ouranos' machines that he kept them ostentatious and shiny.  There was no mistaking it when a century of Cyclops came at you.
The plane landed quickly.  The door opened and four Cyclops exited first.  Cronus stepped out and onto the tarmac.  He took in a deep breath, noting how different it smelled from either Doria or Tiber.  
"Praetor Cronus," a general said as he approached.  He saluted with his fist atop a chest loaded with medals.  "I am Legate Terrence Varro.  Welcome to Derben."
Cronus saluted in return.  His gray tunic and pants were bordered with purple and he wore the gold badge of his office under his throat.  After the salute, he adjusted the device and moved toward Varro.  "Status?"
The legate turned and began to walk with Cronus.  "Derben is ours.  Alabor's forces have been driven from their bases and the bases destroyed.  Their air force is nearly eliminated.  The army has gathered in the Getulian Desert and their navy has set sail for Tiberia, apparently.  The Caesar has been notified and our navy will respond."
Cronus nodded and stopped moving.  The airfield was quiet and there were few people around.  Cyclops were behind Cronus and an entire century of them were standing behind Varro's people.  The snap of a flag caught his attention.  It was the blood red standard of the Senate; the golden eagle of Tiberia encircled the bundled symbol of that body.  Next to it fluttered the blue and red flag of Alabor.
"Where is the president?  Their ministers?"
Varro motioned toward a group of human soldiers.  "The president and two ministers are here.  A few other ministers were killed in the battle."
"I will speak to the president."
The legate saluted and began walking.  Cronus followed behind and watched the soldiers lift a man from the group of prisoners.  "This is President Levac Rolan."
Cronus stopped and bowed slowly toward the older man.  He didn't respond.  "I am Praetor Cronus.  I have been charged by Caesar Maxentius the Ninth to govern Alabor in his name."
Rolan's cheeks bulged and he then spat at the ground.
A tribune behind the man reared his rifle back, but Cronus angrily waved him off.  The Psilon walked toward Rolan and spoke softly, "President, you saw what these machines did, yes?"  The old man glanced toward the nearest gold soldier, but he didn't answer.  "They accomplished, in two short weeks, what a dozen nations were unable to do in ten centuries.  They conquered Alabor.  The Caesar has cohort after cohort of them, ready to go.  If I give the word, they will come.  And they will be relentless."
"So will we," Rolan said.
Cronus shook his head, "You don't understand.  In the two weeks that these Cyclops were fighting here, only twenty-two were destroyed.  That's it.  How many thousands of your people were killed?"  The president looked at the tarmac.  "Help me govern Alabor.  Your citizens will be welcomed into the Empire and the killing can stop."
Rolan looked up, defiantly.  "Never."
"The Imperial Navy is intercepting yours as we speak.  Your air force is nonexistent.  What remains of your armies are gathered in the desert.  They have no supply lines and no sources of water for them to hold out."
The president spoke with a cracking voice, "Arkaim will help."
"They would," Cronus said, "if they weren't busy with the Caesar themselves."  Rolan blinked rapidly; this was obviously news to him.  "Surrender your forces and no one else needs to die."
The old man looked back toward his ministers, but he couldn't see them.  He shook his head.
Cronus walked away and waved Varro to him.  "Legate, secure the cities as best you can.  Suppress any rebellion.  Keep casualties to an absolute minimum.  Is that understood?"
"Indeed, praetor.  But what about the army?"
Cronus thought for a moment before he answered.  "Wait them out."
The legate saluted and moved away.  Cronus looked toward the west and watched the last few slivers of the sun disappear over the horizon.  A breeze hit him just as the light vanished and he felt doubt.

Cronus, Themis, and Coeus were looking through the glass.  Theia was pressing buttons on a computer panel.  Hyperion was staring at gauges.
"Vacuum seal?" Theia asked.
Hyperion glanced to his left, "Good."
Cronus looked down at his wristband.  The screen was blank.
"Don't worry," Coeus said.
"I can't not worry."
Coeus smiled and leaned against the frame of the window.  Inside the darkened room, a large piece of machinery was centered in the floor.  A wooden platform was situated around it with only a circular coil of the machine rising through a crudely cut hole in the wood.  Several rectangles of various materials were rigged with sensors and placed around the table near the coil.
"Charging now," Theia said.
Cronus looked over Hyperion's shoulder.  He was watching a needle rise.  "Spin is steady."
Theia's finger hovered above a large button.  "Discharge in five, four, three, two, one."  She pressed it.
What had been an unnoticed audible hum vanished.  In the darkened room, the coil twitched but the table did not move.  All of the rectangles, however, tipped slightly toward the center and then fell backward.
Theia immediately jumped up and screamed, "Yes!"
Hyperion smiled and rolled away from the panel.  "Fantastic."
Coeus nodded and grabbed Theia's hand, "Amazing.  Amazing work."
Cronus was smiling and looked behind himself at Themis.  She was stonefaced.  
"Physics was never my strongest subject."
Coeus left Theia's side and pointed toward the window.  "It's a vacuum in there.  No wind."
"And this wasn't magnetic."
"No," Cronus answered.  "The sensors on the table were made of all kinds of things.  Plastic, wood, glass, metal.  Magnetism wouldn't explain all of that."
Theia hugged Hyperion tightly and their joy got louder.  Coeus stepped away from the duo and said, "This was something far more powerful."
"Gravity?  Artificial gravity?"
Cronus motioned toward the pieces inside.  "If the coil generated a gravitational field, it would have pulled the sensors toward it."  Themis looked through the glass.  "They fell away from the coil."
"The same principles might later give us artificial gravity, though," Coeus said.
Cronus nodded, "True."
"Wait," Themis interrupted.  "So what happened?"
Coeus sighed as he tried to think of the most basic way to explain it.  After a moment, he said, as he spread his hands in front of himself, "Imagine that all of space is made of elastic.  That coil just pinched space.  When it released it, it caused space to ripple, and made the sensors fall away."
Themis blinked slowly and looked into the room.  The simple copper-colored coil just sat there in the middle of a wooden table.  "'Pinching space.'"  Coeus and Cronus nodded.  "Has that ever been done before?"
Cronus' wristband beeped.
"No," Coeus answered.  "It hasn't."
Cronus read the device and sucked in a deep breath.  "I have to go."  
Coeus nodded and slapped his shoulder.  "Good fortune."
He ran from the room and turned toward the stairs.  He bounded up them two at a time.
It will be fine, he thought.
He pushed open the door and ran across the field toward another building on the BBM compound.
It's routine now.  The doctors know what they're doing.
A guard saw Cronus running and he stopped his patrol.  He stared for a moment until Cronus saw him watching.  He waved and kept running.
It will be fine.
He slammed into the door and darted down the hallway.  Cronus turned the corner and saw Gaia and Karin Baraz standing outside of the room.  When they saw him, they smiled and waved him on.
"Just in time," Gaia said.
Cronus nodded and slowed to a walk.  He inhaled deeply to try and regain his normal breathing pattern.  He looked into the room and saw several people in white coats.
"Here," Tethys said as she handed him a paper mask.  A nurse was coming toward him with a paper suit.  Cronus stepped into it quickly and slowly made his way deeper into the room.
Nervously, he approached the bed and said, softly, "Hello."
A sweaty and disheveled Rhea looked over and grinned.  "I wondered where you were."  She looked back down toward the doctor.  He nodded and she began to breathe heavily.  After a few grunts, she asked, "Did it work?"
Cronus had been staring at her bound legs and the doctor between them.  He glanced toward her, confused for a moment, and then answered, "Yes."
As she breathed and grunted again, she said, "Good."
"Almost," the doctor said.  "Cronus, come on."
He nodded and sidled past Tethys, Phoebe, and two nurses.  The doctor backed away and moved to Rhea's left side.  He leaned over her thigh and kept his gloved hand under the protruding head.
Head, Cronus thought.  He had done this once before but it was still a shock to see.
"There's not far to go."  The doctor looked up at his patient.  "Rhea, go ahead."
Rhea immediately strained and grunted.  Cronus stared at her vagina and watched it flex, giving way to the child that was emerging.
"Cronus," the doctor said.
Startled, Cronus leaned forward and put his hands under the baby's head.  Its face was exposed.  The expression was fluctuating rapidly but no noise came from it.  The same thing happened with Poseidon and it freaked him out then, too.
"Almost, Rhea."
The shoulders came next.  Just as Cronus didn't think his wife could stretch any more, she did and the child's torso appeared.
"Take it, Cronus."
With his left hand under the baby's head and his right forefinger in its armpit, he pulled the child from the womb fully.  The doctor leaned over and wiped some of the goo from the child's face and swiped a suction device into his mouth.  He began to cry loudly.
He, Cronus thought.
The nurses and their Psilon friends began to applaud.  Cronus pulled his son to his chest and cradled him while a nurse cleaned him off.  She clipped the umbilical cord and handed the end to the doctor who now dealt with the afterbirth and the post-birth procedures on Rhea.
"Such a bad tradition," Cronus mumbled.  "Fathers pulling the baby from the mothers."  The nurse smiled.  "How many times have children been dropped?"
The nurse tilted her head and said, "More than a few.  Less than a lot."  She continued to check the screaming child and then led Cronus over to a nearby scale and diagnostic station.  She looked at Rhea and said, "Has a name been chosen?"
Rhea locked eyes with Cronus and grinned.  She nodded and then collapsed into the bed.
We were named for the Attican gods of old.  They were promiscuous and had lots of children with mortals and each other.  Those old stories gave him the name Poseidon for his firstborn.  There was another name that caught Cronus' eye, even though the character was just a minor demigod in the old myths.
The father smiled and said, "Zeus."
XLIV
AHLJAELA
137 Years Before the End

Rovil was jostled against the window as the bus swerved to miss chickens in the road.  The tires found traction again in the dirt and it continued up the path into the foothills of the Appenine Mountains.
"I'm tired of that fool," a man behind him said.
"You're tired of everything," his seatmate answered.
"They treat us horribly, they have those robots watching us, and they barely pay a fair wage."
Ahljaela rolled his eyes.  Not again, he thought.
"Those robots are doing more than watching you.  They're taking your work."
"Yes!" the first man exclaimed.  "There's ten fewer of us on this bus.  The robots are making the soldiers themselves now.  How long before we're all out of work?"  His partner had no answer.  "Don't believe everything you see on the Matrix.  The magistrates and governors don't care about us.  The senators and consuls don't.  The Caesar most certainly does not care what happens to you or me.  As long as our plant slaps together Cyclops quickly, the togas are happy."
Rovil turned around and whispered over the seat cushion, "I would keep your voice down."
Both men looked at him.  The angrier of the two scoffed and said, "Tend your own store."
Ahljaela began to face forward, but he stopped.  "There are spies for the management and government on this bus.  The robots aren't the only reason there are fewer workers at the plant."  He turned all the way around and looked at his lap.  He listened for some sort of response, but none came.
Rovil exhaled slowly and watched the trees whip past the window.  In his mind, he saw Darron.  Just four months ago, Darron sat on this same bus, saying the same kinds of things.  He even said the word Rovil's mother warned him about: "coalition."
After Ahljaela turned him in, Darron wasn't seen again, but Rovil was paid fifty denars.
He appreciated the money, but he'd rather not have to do that on a regular basis.
XLV
BARAZ
134 Years Before the End

Karin sighed and placed her hands on the table.  "Alright.  It's time to deal with the tiger in our face."  Several Psilons at the long table nodded and seemed to straighten up.  "I'm sure you all saw the latest news.  Naban has officially surrendered to the Caesar."
There were some groans.  A Crius raised his hand a little and asked, "And who will be their puppet praetor?"
Gaia glanced at a Theia and gave a slight nod toward her.  All three Theias lowered their heads in the same way and then leaned toward their companions.
Baraz stood and straightened the corner of a piece of paper in front of her.  "I don't have to tell you all how difficult this will … continue to be.  You are all guilty by association, regardless of how many times I've assured investors, government officials … They can't get past the thought of your siblings fighting for the Caesar and ruling countries like dictators."  A Cronus slumped in his chair a bit and Karin nodded.  "It's hardest on you, Cronuses, I know."  She glanced toward the other two nearby.  "It seems as though he's on screen every night, trying to justify another atrocity in Alabor."  She shook her head.  "I knew him once, but what he is now, …"
"We have too much to offer," a Themis said.  "Did the administration truly reject our vaccine just because of the Titans?"
Gaia nodded.  "They did.  I could see in their faces, they wanted to arrest me, too.  I'm Ouranos' sister.  The man who made the Cyclops."
A Coeus muttered, "Humans."
Baraz didn't hear him, "Sorry?"
He looked up and then around the table.  "I said, 'humans.'"  Some of the Psilons nodded.  Karin stood stonefaced.  "They are shortsighted.  Selfish.  Judgmental.  Gullible.  Violent."  
A Mnemosyne said, "They treat each other so horribly.  Sometimes out of greed because others are poorer.  Sometimes … sometimes just because others are different."
Coeus shook his head and allowed his arm to flop onto the tabletop.  "It feels pointless now to continue what we've been doing."
Gaia's brow furrowed and she started speaking softly.  "You don't have to do anything.  You don't have to justify yourself.  You don't have to research the next big whatever.  You … can simply live your life."
"How?" an Oceanus asked.  "I tried.  I read, wrote, painted.  I absorbed all the art and literature I could within the compound, but I can't leave.  And I'm not alone."  He looked around the table and caught the approving nods of several other Psilons.
Baraz nodded.  "You are all prisoners here.  I wish I could change that, but I don't know how to."  She was considering each of her words before she spoke them and evaluating how they sounded.  That's why she was slow to add, "Yet."  She looked up and continued, "I've talked to the government about granting you full citizenship, letting you live off campus … they haven't been agreeable to that."
An Iapetus spoke up, "Prometheus saw the Titan me on screen the other night."  He held his lower jaw in his hand and continued, "He asked why I was fighting with soldiers and robots.  I was so shocked … I didn't know what to say."
Karin picked up her glass of water and took a small sip.  It allowed her to form her sentences just so.  "Everyone in this room knows that you are different than the Titans.  We all know that you were born with just the basic knowledge and information that BBM implanted within you.  Your memories and lives are wholly separate from theirs.  Your children don't know this just yet."  She looked toward Gaia who urged her on with a smile.  "Tell them that they are your brothers.  Your sisters.  They've … lost their way.  You hope they can come home again sometime soon."
"I get the feeling that's more for our feelings than our children's," a Rhea said.
Baraz smiled.  "Perhaps."  She rubbed her hands for a moment and listened to the sound of her wrinkles rubbing over each other.  She twisted her chair from side to side when an old memory entered her mind.  "How many of you know the history of Kanda?"
Several of the Psilons just looked at each other.  Only a few raised their hands.
Karin said, "Good.  You'll like this."  She leaned forward with her elbows on the table and touched her fingertips together as she spoke, "About a thousand years ago, the kingdom of Kanda ruled the northern third of Badaria.  The queen gave birth to twins, twin sons, and she died in childbirth.  Now, the nurses and doctors were so concerned about the queen and trying to save her that they lost track of which son was actually born first.  The king was heartbroken, of course, but once all the mourning was finished, they had to decide which child was going to be first in line to the throne.  The king, for whatever reason, couldn't choose, so he said, 'I'll decide when I get back from my fishing trip next week.'  He went out to sea, a storm came and sank the ship.  The king died."
A Phoebe chuckled, "Is this a fable or something?"
Karin shook her head.  "No.  This actually happened."  Several Psilons nodded and Baraz continued, "The king's chief of staff was appointed regent.  The ministers were going to decide for themselves which baby to crown, as it were, but the regent said, 'Leave it to me.'  For the following decade, the regent tended to the kingdom's affairs and didn't deal with the children at all.  When the twins were ten, he sat down with them and laid out the problem.  'In seven years, one of you will be king.  But we don't know which one.  I have an idea: how about you both be king.'  The twins seemed agreeable to the plan.  The ministers took some convincing but they decided having co-kings wasn't such a bad idea after all.  But something happened."
"Of course," a Hyperion said.
"Supposedly, one of the twins was involved in some sort of riding accident.  Don't know which one.  Historians aren't even sure that part of the story is true.  It might have been made up to explain what happened later."  Karin leaned back in her chair and crossed her legs.  "One year before they were to take the throne, or thrones, I guess, one of the twins decided being a co-king wasn't as good as being the sole king.  His brother understood and decided to agree to whatever his brother said.  So he said he wanted to split the palace down the middle; the other twin went along with it.  A bit later, the one said he wanted to rule instead from a city on the west coast.  So his twin let him take their seaside palace.  And just before they were to be crowned, the brother said he wanted to rule his own Kanda.  His twin was worried, but he wanted his brother to be happy.  Like the palace, they split the kingdom right down the middle."
"Not good," an Oceanus said.
Baraz nodded.  "It took a few decades, but the two kingdoms were invaded repeatedly.  Conquered, eventually.  Today it only exists as two small slivers of what it used to be.  East and West Kanda."
A Cronus leaned forward and opened his mouth to speak.  He caught Karin's gaze and he paused.  His lips closed and he looked down at his hands.  He spoke barely above a whisper, "What do we take from that?"
Baraz looked over at Gaia and then back toward Cronus.  "I don't know.  I'm not in your positions.  I never have been or will be.  I don't know how it feels to have …" she gestured with her right hand toward her chest and then moved it away from her body, "a part of you, out there, doing things that disgust you.  That color how everyone sees you.  I can't imagine."  A Mnemosyne was about to speak but Karin continued, "What was it that made the one twin become so greedy?  Or were they both always greedy and the one just became a better person?  Are you supposed to be the agreeable twin?  If that's the case, that's not fair to you."  She paused and looked around their faces again.  "I don't know.  It's a story that I was reminded of.  It's something you might be able to relate to.  It might help."
The Psilons were quiet.  A few stood up and Gaia said, "Good night, everyone."  Once the others left, Gaia looked at Baraz.  She was staring at the edge of the table.  
In her head, she was reviewing the meeting and all that she said.  She tried to restructure some of her words so it would have sounded more palatable to the Psilons.  "I could have handled that better."
Gaia put her hand on hers.  "I don't see how.  We're all in a very strange place.  They're trapped by the Titans and, because of them, the Dorian government.  You're trapped by the government and your loyalty to the Psilons."  She shook her head.  "I don't know what else you could have done."
Karin looked up and grinned weakly.  She clasped Gaia's hand for a second before she said, "You know what's the saddest part of that story?"
"Hmm?"
"I know they all identified with the twins, of course.  But … I feel like the regent."  Gaia squinted and looked curiously at her.  "The man with an idea.  It seemed like a good idea.  He only wanted the boys to grow up and become good rulers.  But everything got away from him.  It all fell apart and Kanda, as he knew it, was gone in a few years.  How must he have felt?"
Gaia stood and tugged on her arm.  "Come on."  When she stood, Gaia brushed a strand of gray hair from Karin's face and kissed her cheek.
She started to walk toward the door.  Baraz stopped and looked at the empty table and its many chairs in disarray.  "I just feel so … ineffectual."
XLVI
CRONUS
134 Years Before the End

"I'm back," he said as he pushed the door shut.
"Daddy!" Poseidon screamed.  He ran into the room and leapt toward his father.
Cronus lifted him high and said, "Why aren't you in bed?"
"Mommy said we could wait until you got home."
"Uh-huh."  He put Poseidon down and said, "Wait, 'we?'"
Zeus yelled, "'We!'"  He ran into the living room and latched onto his father's leg.  
Cronus patted his son's head and looked toward the kitchen.  Rhea was standing in the door frame, cradling baby Hades and holding a bottle to his mouth.  She shrugged.
"Alright, c'mon, Zeus."  He playfully lifted his leg and tried to shake the boy free.  Zeus only laughed.  With mock urgency, Cronus said, "Let go of me!"
Zeus clung tighter and struggled to maintain his grip while he was walked around the room.  "Can we stay up all night?"
"Absolutely not," Rhea said.  "Come on, now.  I said you could stay up until daddy got home.  He's home now, so get ready for bed."
Poseidon was obedient and gave Cronus a quick hug before darting toward the bathroom.  Zeus, however, did not let go of his father's leg.
Cronus bent down as best as he could and said, "Get up here."  He lifted the young boy and hugged him tightly.  As if to show off his own strength, Zeus squeezed his neck as hard as he could, causing Cronus to gag.
"You're choking daddy."  Zeus laughed and squeezed again.  Cronus tapped Zeus' arms and managed to say, "Seriously, pal.  Stop."
"Yes, daddy."
Cronus took in a few breaths and held Zeus away from him.  He looked into his bright blue eyes and grinned.  "Were you good today?"  He nodded and yawned.  "Ah.  You better go get ready for bed, too."
"No!"
"Yes," Cronus put him down and faced him toward the bathroom.  Poseidon just finished brushing his teeth and walked to his room.  Zeus shuffled down the hallway as Rhea approached her husband.
"How did it go?"  Cronus looked down at Hades and smiled.  The bottle was almost empty but he slid his hands around the child.  Rhea let Cronus take him and she leaned against the door.  "Hmm?"
Cronus swayed from side to side, looking at the little boy's scrunched-up eyes.  "Karin tried to play it down.  She's trying to get the Dorian government to accept us."
"They won't."
"No."  Cronus brushed a small tuft of Hades' hair.  "If I wasn't so frustrated, I would feel really bad for her."  He looked up at Rhea.  "She's trying hard.  I know it."
"She still blames herself."
Cronus nodded.  "Not unwarranted, but still.  Her general mood is better."
Rhea smirked and said, "Gaia, probably."
"Everyone else feels as worthless and trapped as ever."  He looked up and around his humble home.  It was sufficient.  More than sufficient.  But it was all he could hope to know for the foreseeable future.  "There was more talk of abandoning research."
Rhea nodded.  "Did you tell them I have?"
"Didn't get a chance."  He started to walk toward the nursery.  
Rhea followed and said, "As nerve-wracking as these three can be, at least it feels like I'm getting something done."
Cronus gently laid Hades in the crib.  The infant stirred for a moment, bringing his fist to his chin before relaxing.  Cronus turned on a night light and the pair left the nursery.
When the door was closed, he glanced into the boys' room on his right.  Poseidon was sitting up in bed, reading.  Cronus shot him a disapproving look but Poseidon smiled.  Cronus winked and walked down the hall.
"Are you going to the labs tomorrow?" Rhea asked.
Cronus let his fingers brush the fabric back of his chair.  "I don't know.  Maybe."
His wife picked up a small box from the counter and said, "I promised Phoebe I'd take this over tonight after the meeting."  Cronus nodded.  "I'll be back soon."  She stepped into the sitting area and kissed Cronus' cheek.  When she pulled away, he grabbed her arm and turned her around.  He hugged her tightly and placed a hand on her face as she walked away.
After taking a bottle from the refrigerator and returning to the living room, Cronus turned on the screen.  He looked at the menu of pages to watch and just stared.  Entertainment, sport, news.  His mind went back to the meeting and he pressed the button for news.
"Freedom fighters again left the safety of the Getulian Desert and raided Tiberian bases in central Alabor today."  The image was of masked men running in the cover of a sandstorm, blindly firing automatic weapons.  "Praetor Cronus again condemned the attacks and offered the rebels sanctuary."
The screen shifted and showed the now-familiar visage of Titan Cronus.  He was gaunt and seemed many years older than Cronus himself.  His eyes narrowed as he watched his counterpart speak.  
"The Casear's offer for pardon and citizenship remains.  No one will be harmed.  The fighting must stop."
The unseen news voice spoke again while the image showed scores of soldiers departing transport vehicles.  "As Cronus said this from the safety of Derben, another imperial legion was dispatched to the city of Auju in southern Alabor, where rebels have been able to hold off Tiberia's forces for the better part of a week."
The emperor's soldiers crested a hill and the outskirts of Auju were visible.  Rockets exploded before them and the men and women knelt, taking up firing positions.  They trained their rifles on nearby buildings and began to fire short, controlled bursts.  As they did, golden machines ran between them and toward the city.  The Cyclops didn't slow at all as they aimed and fired at several rebel positions.
"Daddy?"  Cronus was startled and turned toward Zeus.  He was standing beside the large chair and staring at the screen.  
He paused the program and asked, "What are you doing out of bed?"
He shrugged.  "I don't want to go to sleep.  I want to stay up with you."
Cronus put his arm around his shoulders and pulled him against the plush arm of the chair.  "I won't be up much longer."
"What are you watching?"
"Oh, the news."  Cronus glanced at the screen and saw how Zeus could be so intrigued.  Large golden machine-men shooting guns with people, also shooting guns.  
"Why are they fighting?"
Cronus sighed.  He didn't try to shelter his sons, but, dammit, he really didn't want to explain it all to them so young.  Best to keep it simple.  "There's a man in a different country … he wants things that aren't his, so he sends these armies to take it."
"And robots?"
"And robots."  Cronus looked at the frozen image.  He felt angrier.  
Zeus leaned toward Cronus' ear and whispered, "Are those humans?"
Cronus turned and looked at him for a few seconds before asking, "Why?"
"I heard mommy talking to someone about humans."  The child said the word like it was a new, foreign language he was learning.  Cronus nodded and Zeus asked, "Are we humans?"
The father grinned and said, "No.  We're not."  
"Oh."
Cronus looked at the display.  It might have been the nearby half-empty bottle of alcohol, but he felt himself growing angry again.  A rifle's muzzle flash caught his eye and he stared at it while a heat swelled within his body and ran toward his face.
"Humans, Zeus," he began.  "This is why we're better than them.  We're smarter.  We're stronger.  We don't do that," he said, pointing to the large screen.
Zeus' eyes widened and he looked into his father's as best as he could in the dim room.  "Fight, daddy?"
Cronus nodded.  "That's right."

Cronus lifted his head from the table.  He blinked slowly and looked at his generals.  "I am … beyond sick of excuses."
"Understood, dominus," one said.
"No.  I don't believe it is."  Cronus stood up and pointed at the map of Alabor.  "Yet again, general, you have allowed the rebels to leave the sandstorms and enter the areas that we're supposed to be holding fast."  He stared at the man, waiting for him to react.  He didn't.  "Is this not your role?"
"It is, praetor."
Cronus waited for elaboration.  He raised his eyebrows and opened his arms.  Still, the general said nothing.  He inhaled deeply through his nose and asked, "Have you nothing further to offer me?"
"No, dominus."
Cronus nodded and sat behind his desk again.  "You are relieved of duty.  Return to Tiber."
The man blinked once, slowly, and then looked toward the legate.  Her expression was unreadable.
"Is there a problem?  Get out of my face."
The general stood and began to salute.  He didn't, though, and left the office.
Cronus shook his head and stared at the door.  "I have had nine generals fail me like him in the last six years.  He is the second to … resent me so openly."  He glanced toward Legate Fava Sergius and added, "Because I'm a Titan?  A Psilon?"
The young senator and general tilted her head and said, "Entirely possible, praetor."
Cronus looked at her curling red hair and her angular face.  She was still unreadable.  "There's something else."  She shifted.  "Something you haven't said."  Sergius didn't respond.  Cronus sighed and tossed a pen to the tabletop.  "Speak your mind."
The legate's shoulders lowered and she crossed her legs.  "I've served with you for under a single year now."  Cronus nodded.  "In that time, you have ruled Alabor fairly and firmly."
"I have tried."
"Unfortunately," she interjected, "the Alabor you rule is not the entirety of the nation.  A full two-thirds reside outside of your control."
"That would not be the case if my generals didn't constantly disobey me," his voice had risen to that of a yell and he quieted for the last portion, "and undermine me.  Because of them, I have the reputation of a butcher."
Sergius nodded slowly.  "That may be, but if I might, lord …"  Cronus gestured toward her.  "Your methods are not those of Tiberia.  You wish to spare the lives of those who take arms against us.  In the past, the armies are fought relentlessly until they surrender.  The survivors are then welcomed into the family of the Empire."
Cronus looked at her and leaned his face into his hands.  While maintaining eye contact, he spoke from between his fingers, "Go on."
"You are a Psilon, yes.  But beyond that, you are not a Tiberian."
"The Caesar has granted me citizenship and named me praetor …"
"Yes," Sergius interrupted, "but you do not act like it."  Cronus didn't stir and she sat forward, "You must do something to demonstrate your own resolve."  He began to protest but the legate continued, "I know you've been here for six years, trying to get everything under control, but that's not the kind of resolve that a Tiberian officer respects."
Cronus leaned back and turned toward the map.  Most of the desert was colored blue and a few cities in the south were blue, too.  "You are the magister.  You carry the Caesar's eagle and standard."
"Yes, lord."
"As praetor," he turned to face her again, "I am the emperor's hand and you follow my orders."
"I do."
He nodded and stood.  "Come with me."  The duo left the office and stopped by the desk of his assistant.  "Please ask everyone with a rank of imperium within the building to join me on sublevel three."
"Yes, dominus."  The man began to press buttons on his computer.
Cronus and the legate left the room and turned toward the elevator.  Once the lift began to descend, it stopped on several floors, picking up a general here, a tribune there.  Two subconsuls joined on one floor.  All of them were polite.  None asked why they were going where they were.  When the elevator landed in sublevel three, the dignitaries emerged and turned left.  Another lift opened up and disgorged its passengers into the throng.
Cronus walked to the guard behind glass.  "Let me see the list of prisoners."
"Of course, praetor."  The young man fumbled for a moment in surprise before sliding the papers under the window.
Cronus studied it for a few moments, removed a pen from his pocket and marked three names.  "Bring these to interrogation room one."
"Yes, lord."  The guard leapt up and left the room.  Another guard opened the security door for the group.
Several people were chattering amongst themselves as they walked the stark hallways of the security wing.  When they came to the interrogation room door, they walked inside quickly and filed along the back wall.  The generals looked at the praetor, waiting for some sort of word.  Cronus said nothing.
It has to be done, he thought.  Six years is too long.
A few moments later, guards entered the room with the prisoners Cronus requested.  Three Alabor army leaders.  A general, a major and a captain.  The guards forced the trio to kneel before the praetor and then they stepped back to stand against the wall.
Cronus breathed slowly, controlling his emotions.  He looked across their faces.  The general and the captain seemed as stone.  The major was nervous and scanning the room.
"What remains of the Alabor army is now part of the rebel movement," Cronus said.  "You were all captured attempting to resupply and transport these fighters."  The three officers made no sound.  The Psilon knelt and said, "Tell me where the rebels are based.  Tell me how you get supplies.  Tell me what remains of your forces."
The general and captain said nothing.  The major turned his head and looked at his comrades.  Then he went still.
Cronus stood and approached one of the guards.  "Sidearm."
He complied and handed the weapon over.
The general smirked and said, "You cannot threaten me."
Cronus looked at the weapon in his hands.  He flipped a small lever up and said, "I know."  He took a deep breath.  Then he quickly aimed and fired the gun, the bullet striking the general in his heart.  As the spent cartridge dinged against the floor, he fell over, bleeding.  The major screamed but the captain continued to look straight ahead.  "Captain?"  She shook her head.  Cronus nodded and fired again.  She toppled over, too.
The major screamed.  "Frak!"
Cronus knelt before him and rested the barrel of the weapon on his knee.  "Where are the rebels based?"
The major's breathing was deep and erratic.  His eyes went all around the room and then he lowered his head.  "In the mountains just west of Auju and in two oases.  Taba and Negev."
The Titan looked behind him to see several in the audience writing the information down or tapping on their wristbands.  "How do you get resupplied?"
Without looking up, the major said, "Tunnels that lead into the border town, Baija.  The tunnels go into Arkaim."
Cronus nodded.  "What remains of your forces?"
The major tilted his head and shrugged.  "Before we were captured, we had three armored columns hidden near Taba.  Two battalions there.  Three battalions in the hills outside Auju.  Three battalions in Negev with a small squad of attack gyros."
"And that's it?"
The major somehow sunk lower and nodded.  "Yes."
Cronus stood and straightened his uniform.  With a flick of his right arm, he fired the gun, striking the major in the top of his head.  As the man listed, the praetor handed the weapon to the guard and turned to face the group.
"There you have it.  Unleash the full might of the Caesar's forces upon them."
"Yes, lord."
"Absolutely, dominus."
"Yes, praetor."
Cronus looked toward Legate Sergius and she gave a small, approving nod.
The crowd began to filter out of the room.  A couple of tribunes and generals lingered to shake the praetor's hand, but it was a subconsul staring into his wristband and leaning against the wall that drew Cronus' eye.
The Psilon walked toward him, catching the shorter man somewhat unaware.  "I'm sorry.  You are?"
"Intelligence Subconsul Gnaeus, lord."  He shook Cronus' hand and kept his wristband out of sight.  "I am very pleased to see this side of you awaken."  Cronus didn't answer.  Gnaeus smiled and said, "In fact, I have a small favor to ask."
"'A favor?'  Those are often anything but."
The subconsul smiled and said, "Yes, but I believe this is an exception.  Plus, I will immediately repay it once you agree."
Cronus inhaled deeply as guards entered the room to remove the bodies.  The praetor put his hand on Gnaeus' shoulder and led him into the hallway.  "What are you asking?"
He lifted his chin and adjusted his shirt slightly.  Gnaeus looked down the hall and then up into Cronus' face.  "I would like to be named quaestor of Alabor."
Cronus stood still and then smiled.  "Quaestor?"  When Gnaeus nodded, the Psilon laughed.  "Of course, you want to … make yourself comfortable in the remaining years of your service to the Empire."  Gnaeus bowed slightly and grinned.  Cronus shook his head, "I know that kind of thing is as old as the Republic, but …"
"Before your decision is final, lord," Gnaeus said as he held up one finger, "allow me to present my side of the favor."
Cronus paused and then nodded.
"I am the intelligence subconsul …"
"And I managed to do your job in mere moments."
Gnaeus shrugged and said, "True, praetor, but I am new to Alabor.  My previous posting was in Tiber where I remotely oversaw agents in western Isinnia."
Cronus' eyes narrowed.  "You have my interest."
"I came across some information a while back.  I shared it with Caesar himself."  Gnaeus shook his head.  "He did not want it shared with you.  'A distraction,' he said it would be."
Cronus looked at the floor and his mind raced.  Without lifting his head, his eyes darted to the small man and that smile.  "And you are certain this information is valid?"
"It is, dominus."
"And that I want it enough to allow you to … extort from the Empire?"
Gnaeus' mouth twisted and he said, "I would certainly want to know."
Cronus looked toward the subconsul's hidden wristband.  "Would you share the basics with me before I agree to it?"
Gnaeus inhaled sharply through clenched teeth and said, "I would, praetor, but I wouldn't want to end up like those fellows."  He pointed down the hall at the body bags being carried from interrogation room one.
Cronus looked toward the ceiling and thought.  Inhale, exhale.  Inhale, exhale.  "Very well, quaestor."
Gnaeus' smile widened and he bowed.  He lifted his arm and pressed a few buttons.  "I've sent the data to you, but I ask that you not read it until I've left your reach."  Cronus stared at him as he walked away, sidestepping a trail of blood drops from a leaky bag.
The praetor raised his arm and saw the blinking message.  He pressed the light on his wristband and the file opened up.
His eyes danced across the words.  "Pausa, Doria … Baraz Bio Medical … Psilons … Three Cronuses, three Rheas, two Coeuses … awakened.  Researching …"
"'Awakened,'" he said out loud.  He looked back and read the report more slowly.  "After the desertion and defection of the original twelve Psilons (Titans), Dr. Baraz awakened the remaining bodies of each type."  He pushed his finger harder onto the glass and the lines of text scrolled down, "… performing research of various types, including medicine, physics, botany, computers ..."  Press.  "An undetermined number of the Psilons have paired off, siring several offspring …"
"Children," Cronus mumbled.  He leaned back against the wall.  He felt lightheaded and he looked up toward the white lights in the ceiling.  The dizziness gave way to heat.  To anger.  He clenched his fist and pounded it into the brick behind him.
XLVII
ZEUS
134 Years Before the End

Zeus was awakened by the sound of something heavy falling in another room.
The six-year-old sat up and rubbed his eye before seeing that Poseidon was already out of bed.  "What is it?"
Poseidon pulled the door open slowly and looked down the hall toward the living area.  He jerked his head away from the crack and looked at his feet.
Zeus climbed out of bed and walked to his older brother.  Something else fell in the living room.  There was a high-pitched sound … like an animal, trapped, but very distant.
"What's going on?"
Poseidon shook his head rapidly and looked to the cracked door again.  He turned to Zeus and without looking in his face said, "When I go, you follow."
"Where are we going?" he whispered loudly.
Poseidon became angry and put his finger to his lips.  "Hades' room."  He looked into the hallway and said, "Don't look down there."
And he ran.
Zeus was surprised by the speed, but he quickly followed.  It was only a few steps to Hades' door so he already entered the room before the thought of looking to the living room occurred to him.  Poseidon pulled him into the nursery and closed the door quietly.
Someone shouted in a hushed voice down the hall, "Ille me succidit!"  Zeus looked at Poseidon.  Neither of the boys understood the language.  Another person made a quieting hiss.  Wood floorboards began to creak.
Poseidon turned to the crib and pulled the sleeping baby from it.  Hades stirred and twitched but Poseidon pulled the infant's favorite blanket with him and fed a corner of the fabric into his mouth.  Instantly, the boy began to suck on it and he seemed placated.
"What do we do?"
"Liberos non video," someone said in the hall.
Poseidon pointed under the day bed.  Their parents rested there when they had to tend to Hades late at night.  Zeus ran under first and tossed the blanket up.  Poseidon got down onto his knees and slid underneath as quickly as he could.
"Nec filios occidere nolo."
Someone answered, "Ea sunt mandata nostra."
Poseidon pulled the edge of the blanket down over their faces.  He looked back at Zeus and the little boy was pressed tightly against the wall.  His eyes were wide and he was breathing heavily.  Poseidon put his fingers to his lips again.
The nursery door opened.
The brothers looked toward it and could see only the lower part of a boot as it stepped inside.  When he moved forward, the bed's blanket concealed the intruder.
Zeus closed his eyes and he tried to imagine where the man was.  The floor creaked.  He was at the crib.  It creaked again.  
He was at the bed.
Zeus opened his eyes in time to see the mattress being lifted up.  The boys looked and saw the face of a helmeted man staring down at them through the slats.  The barrel of his rifle seemed enormous.
The man's mouth was hanging open and he breathed heavily.  Zeus put his arm on Poseidon's shoulder and the older brother put his hand on top of it.
From down the hall, a voice said, "Quicquid?"
The man exhaled.  His eyes were wide and he stared at Poseidon and Zeus for several moments.  He said, "Non vero," and lowered the mattress.  As he walked from the room, he asked, "Tu?"
The other person answered, "Minime.  Deinde secundum destinatum eamus."
A few moments later, the footsteps and creaking floors were gone.  They never heard the door close.  Poseidon and Zeus stayed there under the bed for an hour more before Zeus began to push his big brother.
"I have to go to the bathroom."
Poseidon shook his head.  "It might not be safe."
"I'm going to pee!"  He was still whispering but he was loud.  "I'm going to pee on you!"
Poseidon turned toward Zeus, trying his best to look over his shoulder at him.  "Try to hold it until morning."
"I can't!"  Just as Zeus finished his protest, they heard the front door of the house burst open.
From the living area, there was a scream.  Both Zeus and Poseidon were startled and they jumped.  Zeus wet the front of his pajamas a little before he was able to regain control.  
"No!" the person yelled.  "Cronus!"  It was a woman's voice.  Zeus thought he recognized it and he tried to squirm out.  Poseidon reached back and held him still.
"No!  No!"  It was a different woman screaming this time.  The loud, distant voices awoke Hades and he began to squirm.  After a moment, the woman asked, "Where are the children?"
Then they heard more footsteps darting about the house.  Doors being opened.  Poseidon tightened his grip on Hades, but his squirming was becoming too pronounced.  The baby's face scrunched up and then a wail erupted.  Poseidon clapped his hand over the infant's mouth, but it was too late.  Zeus began to struggle and slide out of the end of the daybed when the door flew open and the light came on.  The children froze.  Someone dropped to the floor and lifted the blanket.
It was Karin Baraz.  Her face was red and wet with tears.  Her mouth quivered and she said, "Thank God."  She reached under the bed and took Hades from Poseidon's arms.  "Come on.  It's safe now."
Poseidon was reluctant but he began to move.  Zeus had already emerged from the foot of the bed.  When he stood up, he was face-to-face with Gaia, who was kneeling behind Baraz.  She was quiet, too, and her face was also streaked with tears.  She hugged him and Zeus returned the gesture for a moment before he whispered, "I have to go pee."
Gaia smiled and stood up.  "Come on."  Zeus looked back and saw Karin awkwardly holding Poseidon and cradling Hades.  He took Gaia's hand and watched as Poseidon began to cry.  
Zeus was confused.  His throat clenched, seeing his older brother upset like that, though he didn't understand why.  Zeus was about to ask Gaia what was going on when they got to the bathroom door.  He glanced toward the living room and saw his mother and father lying on the floor.  Their faces and bodies were bloody.
His stomach sank and Gaia ushered him into the toilet.
XLVIII
CAESAR
134 Years Before the End

"What news from Doria?" Cronus said from the screen.
The imperator moved from the wooden chair and across the conference room.  He saw the reports in his head and he forced himself to check his anger.  "Your siblings have been eliminated."
Cronus nodded.  "And the offspring?"
"The last word I received stated that twenty-four children were killed."
Cronus took in a deep breath and looked out his office window in Alabor.  "Thank you for this, dominus."
Caesar gripped the edge of his cape and tossed it back.  He jutted his chin toward the screen and asked, "Tell me, praetor.  Do you feel better?"
The Psilon looked into his monitor and raised an eyebrow.  "My lord?"
"Do you feel … better?"
Cronus blinked and then nodded.  "I do."
The emperor clasped his hands behind his back.  "Why?"
Cronus started slowly and softly.  "They were copies of me.  Of us.  It was a … betrayal of trust.  We were duplicated without our knowledge."  As he spoke, he became visibly agitated.  "Beyond just the duplication, they were awakened.  They were given our lives.  The freedom that we should have had … those Psilons were an affront to all that we endured."
Caesar nodded twice.  "So, revenge?"
Cronus clenched his fist and spoke again, "Not revenge.  They were us.  It was … an odd form of suicide."
"And the children?"
The Titan shook his head.  "Abominations.  We were created and crafted by masters of the sciences for years.  We are the ultimate personifications of what life can be.  Those children … they are corruptions of our code."
"But diversity in genetic coding …"
"Impurities, imperator," Cronus interrupted.
Maxentius didn't care for that.  Anger swept through him and the metallic flesh on his arms rippled as he prepared a response.  "Are you certain you're not simply angry at having been sterilized all those years ago?"  Cronus looked away and seemed to be in thought.  Caesar decided to press ahead.  "I know you were expecting the team to bring back materials and intel from BBM's compound."  Cronus nodded.  "You won't be getting it."
"Why?"
"Because the Dorian military intercepted and shot down the transport before it could cross the Baetican Mountains."
Cronus lowered his head and pounded the desk.  Caesar gripped his hands hard.
"Mnemosyne and the others are still working on it," Cronus said.  "There will be backups of the Titans very soon."
"Yes," Caesar said, drawing out the "s" sound.  "And what about expanding that knowledge to others?  Can Tiberia benefit from your immortality?"
Cronus swallowed hard and nodded.  "Of course, dominus."  Caesar began to walk away and was about to turn off the connection when the praetor asked, "How long shall I remain in Alabor?"
The emperor turned and held his hand in front of his torso.  He made a slight show of his consideration of the question.  "Your recent efforts against the insurgency have been effective."
"Yes, my lord."
"See them through."  With a thought, Caesar turned off the screen.
While he moved back to the throne, the line of prefects emerged from the shadows and slowly moved toward the platform.  All were in Cyclops bodies at this point.  Some appeared more lifelike than others.  
"Troubling, dominus," Gallian said.  His absurdly muscular form seemed to strike a pose as he continued, "This Titan … he was too consumed by his, uh, siblings."
Caesar nodded and sat on the plush cushion in his chair.  "I understand why, to a point.  I felt as though I owed them to some degree.  But his desires … and his lack of action, until recently, have left us vulnerable."
"When did you find out about the Psilons in Pausa, lord?" Cleon asked.
"Two years ago."  A few of the prefects seemed surprised.  "I didn't tell him because I knew it would be a distraction."
"As it has been," Gallian said.
Etne stepped forward, "And what of the subconsul who disclosed the information, dominus?"
The emperor rolled his eyes.  "A worm.  Cronus has named him quaestor for Alabor."  A few of the prefects gasped.  "He will extort his way through the office and when his term is up, he will disappear."
"Phase One of the Expansion has been a success, save for Alabor," Etne said.  "But the blockades are beginning to take their toll."
"Not just blockades, imperator."  Lucanus stepped around Etne and bent toward Caesar.  He looked at the man's Cyclops body and noted the visible joint lines and its general inferiority compared to his own.  "Trade with Eridia has been reduced to nothing."
"They were our best customers," Titus said.
Maxentius looked to his left at the map of Isinnia.  Tiberia and its new holdings were in blue.  Trouble spots were highlighted with yellow circles.  "Gela is of no use to us now.  We will quietly abandon it.  That will save considerable money and manpower."
"Yes, dominus," Aelia said.
"As for the Expansion, we will have to work our new citizens that much harder."
"And Alabor?"
"Oh," the emperor smiled, "Cronus will remain praetor for the foreseeable future.  He despises it."
"A worthy punishment for his conspiring with that quaestor, lord," Gallian said.
"And what of Doria?"  Etne looked at the imperator, waiting for an answer.  When none came, she continued, "They destroyed a Tiberian military craft, killing an elite company of the Empire's soldiers."
Caesar nodded slightly.  Not to mention the secrets they still hold.  Etne knew all about that.  He had spoken with her several times on the matter.  "Yes."  He looked back toward the map and said, "We will order our factories to increase production of Cyclops."  The prefects nodded and spoke their approvals.  "The Expansion is not yet finished."
XLIX
BARAZ
134 Years Before the End

Gaia touched her arm again.
Baraz was startled and she looked over at the woman.  Gaia was nodding across the table.  Karin turned and saw five strangers; one of whom was seated there.  A female police officer in her uniform and another military officer in his were nearby.  The seated man spoke next.
"I see that you're distracted … that's understandable."  He motioned toward one of the other suited men and he dropped a card on the table.  "Our investigators will be on campus for at least the rest of the day.  We'll speak to you if we need additional information."
Baraz stood up and said, "What about Tiberia?"
"What about them?  They've overrun half the continent in the last decade and the rest of the world is shocked into coma."  He lowered his head and said, softly, "I'm sorry, but I don't believe they'll have anything to say about three dozen murdered lab experiments."
Karin's teeth ground together and she grunted, "People.  And twenty-four children."
The man nodded.  "But not everyone thinks the same as you."  He nodded toward Gaia and said, "My best."
The group left the conference room and Baraz sat back down.  She sighed and her chest seemed to cave inward.  "Did I miss anything when I drifted off?"
Gaia sat next to her.  "No.  I mentioned the intel you got about the plane that was downed in the mountains, but they wouldn't confirm anything."
"And the inventory of the medical labs?"  She rubbed her forehead.  "I know they were taking materials from the download chambers before they destroyed all of the units."
"They did.  I have the full list."  Gaia put her hand on Karin's shoulder.  "You don't have to do this now."
"If I don't," she straightened up, "no one will."  Then she reached across the table and pulled a glass pane toward her.  She pressed a corner and it lit up.
Gaia sighed and watched her.  "Karin?"  The doctor didn't answer.  She rubbed her back and said, "Karin, listen to me."
Baraz finally looked up and mumbled, "What?"
"A decade ago, you dropped everything to try and give me justice."  The doctor pushed the pane away.  "You spent weeks in embassies and government offices.  You paid bribes and bought information.  You dealt with every unscrupulous person between Pausa and Tiber."  Gaia picked up Karin's hand.  "You spent years trying to get somewhere.  In the meantime, you lost control of everything here.  The Titans were treated like experiments."  Baraz's eyes drifted toward the windows.  "It's not what you wanted, but that's what happened."
"I regret it every day."
"I know."
"If I had paid more attention," Karin inhaled, "millions of lives might have been spared."
"Maybe."  Gaia turned her chair around and crossed her legs.  "We'll never know."  Baraz stared at Gaia and made no movement.  No sound.  "I mention this to point out that you have another chance."  Karin's brow furrowed and Gaia continued, "Instead of going down that path again and getting nowhere, turn your attention toward the ones who need it."
Baraz's lip shook and she started to speak, "But we lost all of them."
"I know."  Gaia squeezed her hand.  "They won't be coming back.  Their children remain."
Karin turned and looked at the door.  After a moment, she stood and left the room with Gaia right behind her.  Silently, they rode the elevator down several levels.  When it opened, they strode into the hallway and passed two police investigators as they mapped the building on their paperwork.  They stopped in front of a closed door.  Baraz's hand hovered over the handle.  It trembled and then she grasped it and turned.
She was hit with a wall of noise.  There was chatter and crying.  Screaming and yelling.  A few younger children were running in circles around the seats but most of the Psilons' remaining twenty-one children were huddled together against the back wall, holding each other and talking.
"I thought Lisa was here to watch them?" Karin asked.
Gaia nodded.  "I'll go find out what happened."
As she left, Baraz walked into the room and began clapping her hands.  "Children!"  A few looked up but most were still carrying on.  One of the runners came by and she grabbed her and pointed her toward a seat.  "Children, please!"  She sat another child down and Gaia reentered the room with Dr. Onesi.  "Are you hungry?"
Most of the children answered affirmatively and Lisa spoke meekly, "I was heating up some soup."
"Good.  Please see to that."  Baraz looked back at the children.  The oldest was nine.  There were babies being held by older brothers and sisters.  Most had bags under their eyes and they were all still in their nightclothes.  Several were whimpering, only just having stopped crying for the first time in hours.  "Let's, um … Gather 'round, children."
A few got up and moved to seats closer to Karin.  Some stayed against the wall.  She saw Poseidon cradling baby Hades.  The poor older brother's head was leaning into the corner of the wall and he was fast asleep.  Polemos was holding and rocking his baby sister, Bia.  Antaeus sat in the lap of his older sister, Hyria.  Twins Antero and Ate sat next to each other, mirror images of despair.  A little girl, Hera, sat on the floor under the seat of her chair looking at Baraz.  Her wide eyes glared at Karin and the doctor could feel the waves of fear still coming off her.
Gaia stepped forward and clapped her hands.  "We need to talk, everyone."
"Excuse me," one small child said as he patted Gaia's leg, "when is mommy and daddy coming home?"
Gaia put her hand on the boy's head and directed him toward an open chair.  "Sit down.  We'll talk about it."
"You older children, …" Karin began, "you understand better than the rest."  She caught the stares of a few.  Prometheus and his brother, Epimetheus.  Arcas.  Ersa.  They seemed exhausted.  "We're going to need your help in the coming days.  Some of you have younger siblings already, but we'll need you to treat everyone like your younger brothers and sisters, alright?"  A few of the children nodded.
"I want mommy," a girl said.  Her older sister tried to shush her but the little one became indignant, "No, Asteria!  Where is mommy?"
"Quiet!" she said.
Karin knelt down and looked at the younger girl.  "What's your name?"
She said, "Leto."
Baraz nodded.  Coeus and Phoebe's daughter.  "I'm very sorry, Leto, but … your parents are not coming back."
The girl's face soured and her eyes began to water.  She opened her mouth to speak but a little boy several seats over said, "I told you!"
"Shh," Gaia said.  "Quiet."
Leto flopped over onto Asteria's arm.  When Karin stood up she looked at the boy who yelled.  It was Zeus.  Unconsciously, Baraz found herself staring at him.  
Zeus noticed and said, almost whispering, "Everyone's mommy and daddy is dead."  Gaia touched him to quiet him, but he kept talking.  "I saw mine.  They were on the floor."
Karin nodded and tried to swallow past her own clenching throat.  "Yes, Zeus.  That's enough now."
"I want to go home," someone said.
"I know," Baraz said.  She took a step toward Gaia and looked into her eyes.  The deep, dark brown was especially reflective.  She was ready to cry, too.  Karin cleared her throat and spoke low enough for only Gaia to hear, "They can't go home again."  She nodded.  "It's not safe here."
Gaia licked her lips and turned to face the door as she spoke, "Caesar will try again.  He wants the materials needed to become a Psilon."  She glanced back at the children and added, "He may want to finish what he started."
"I'm not certain this was only the Caesar's doing."  Gaia's eyes narrowed for a moment until she thought the same name that Karin had.  Baraz inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly.  "We need to leave."
L
THE MESSENGERS
133 Years Before the End

"Shh," Minah said.  She kept her finger against her lips and turned to the crack.  The moonlight created a bar across her face.  She didn't get too close.  They were all lying in the dirt under the planks of an old walkway in front of a store.
"Audivistine aliquid?" a centurion asked.
"Cur?" another soldier answered.
The centurion looked from the storefront and into the night.  "Ego aliquid audivi."
He stepped onto the planks above Minah's legs.  Dust fell from it onto her.  Some fell in her face.  She turned her head, hoping she wouldn't have to sneeze.  God help us, she thought.  
Suddenly, the men jerked their heads and ran off the walkway.  
Minah listened carefully.  She could hear their steps on dirt, receding.  She turned back to her three children.  She could barely see them, but she knew they were scared and hungry.
"Mommy."
A chill ran down Minah's spine and she turned back to the crack in the planks.  She looked through and saw Nami standing above her.
"Come on.  They've gone."
Gaber took in a deep breath and shuddered as she did so.  She tapped the legs of her children and began to shimmy out from under the walkway.  She looked across the path and saw no one, so she emerged first.  When she stood erect, she saw Nami standing there, smiling.  It was disconcerting, to say the least.  But this wasn't the only time her late daughter had appeared to her to help them escape the Tiberians.
"You have to go west," the young girl said.  Gaber looked back at the walkway and watched the last of her children leave it.  They brushed themselves off and Minah waved them forward.  "The trees?  You see them?"
The children ran along the side of the building, in front of Minah and therefore easily within sight of Nami.  They didn't react.  It was confirmation, again, that only Minah could see the girl.
Gaber nodded and began to follow.  She whispered, "They seem far."
"About a kilometer," Nami said as she ran alongside Minah.  "There are small areas with bushes along the way.  You can duck inside those easily enough until you get to the trees."
Minah looked back at the small town they left.  "The soldiers?"
Nami smiled and said, "They're busy watching the people captive inside the church.  And keeping an eye on the river north of the town."
"Where are we going?" her oldest son said.
"To those trees.  We'll hide in bushes along the way."
They began to run.
Gaber glanced around and didn't see Nami.  A minute or so later, they reached the first clutch of shrubs.  They leapt down a small slope and into them.  A couple of birds flew away into the starry sky.  Minah closed her eyes and tried to catch her breath.
"Mom?" her daughter said as she held out a bottle of water.  Gaber nodded and took a sip.  
A moment later, they looked out from under the branches of the plants, saw no one, and ran to the next hiding place.
Fifteen minutes later, they arrived in the forest.  The trees were tall and the ground was covered in leaves, acorns and needles.  It crunched as they walked and the children seemed nervous.
"Tell them not to worry," Nami said.  "There's no one around."
Minah smiled, "It's fine.  Just walk."  Reluctantly, they did, but they still stalked from tree trunk to tree trunk, looking around, just in case.
"Keep walking until dawn," Nami said.  "After the sun's up, you'll leave the forest and find yourself on a road."  Minah slowed down and watched the girl speak.  "Thousands of refugees will be on their way to Ghassan.  There are camps there taking care of people, giving them food …"
"The Caesar hasn't invaded Ghassan?" Minah asked.
Nami shook her head.  "Not yet.  You'll have time to gather your strength and then we can move west again."
Minah sighed and nodded once.  She trotted a bit to catch up to her children.  When she did, she glanced back and saw that Nami was gone.
The Messenger watched, however, as the family continued their march.  For hours it kept guard until they joined the caravan of weary souls on the long road west.  
The being felt the call of its companion and it departed.

"The echoes begin to fade," the Messenger said.
The other tender just arrived and looked toward the field of battle.  Tiberian soldiers walked over the corpses of Naban's meager resistance.  While the invaders carried automatic weapons and fought alongside Cyclops, the dead had no armor at all and little more than hunting rifles.  "You have seen much death."
"I have walked as both victor and defeated.  I have led soldiers to their goals … I have led victims from doom."
"You have saved many of them."
"For a time," the male said softly.  "I have spared many thousands one day only to have most killed on another."
The Messenger moved toward her companion.  She took the form of Minah Gaber and sought to comfort her fellow tender in a motherly way.  "I, too, sense the death of humanity.  Do not forget that humanity is the tree … though I find branches that continue to grow."
The first being seemed confused and he looked up, "This gives you hope?"
"It does."  They drifted into the battlefield and passed a squadron of marching machines.  The beings stared at them as they moved before alighting near the body of a fallen commander.  "You are focused on all of humanity."
"I am."
"You cannot see the drops in the ocean."  The other being was confused as the first continued, "Some time ago, you tried to change the path of an individual."
"I failed."
"Yes, but your aim was not off.  Your methods were not wrong for I have employed them myself."
The Messenger paused and then said, "You have been observing and influencing beings with limited sway on the growth of all."
"Perhaps."  She gave up Gaber's appearance and glowed with her usual blank energy.  "But through my presence with individuals, I have a greater understanding of the whole.  And do not discount the effect of … 'limited' individuals on all the world."
The despondent tender began to understand.  "Do you believe I should take up with an individual?  To see things through their lives?"
"I do.  And not just theirs, but those who follow that line, as well.  When one life ends, there are others that may grow on from them."
"I will try."
LI
TITANS
131 Years Before the End

"For too long, Ghattaffan has been kept down."  Tethys continued to stare into the camera and she tried her best to ignore the crowds of generals and advisers behind it.  "Alabor and Arkaim struggled over this land for centuries.  I know you would scoff and say, 'Now Tiber is here.'"  She shook her head.  "This is different."
Tethys lifted her head and managed a slight, confident smile.  "Yes, Tiber is here.  Yes, the citizens of Ghattaffan are on the path toward citizenship in the Empire.  Beyond these things, Ghattaffan is now in a position to rule itself.  For the first time in centuries, this nation can rid itself of the things that poison it from the inside.  Once these toxins have been expelled, Ghattaffan can grow and flourish."
The people in the room applauded and pre-recorded crowd noise was added, too.
"Unsavory elements have usurped the will of the people.  These minorities managed to corrupt the former leadership of Ghattaffan into accepting their ways to the detriment of the majority.  This cannot stand.  This should not stand.  This will not stand under my rule."  There was applause again and Tethys raised her hand to quiet it.  "Effective today, I am directing Ghattaffan officials at a local and national level to shut down Ramani communities and seek out practitioners of that faith."
She leaned forward and cast a stern look into the lens.  "Whether in their cults or on their own, we will find these people.  We will find them and separate them from civilized society.  Only then can Ghattaffan blossom."

"Case number five one five, zero ninety-nine," the court attendant said.  "The Assurian people versus Goran Tol Abdel."
Bound by handcuffs, a young man was led into the chamber.  Once he entered the raised holding pen, the guard latched the cuffs to the steel rail.  Hyperion squinted and looked at him from head to toe.  He was very thin, possibly malnourished.  The Psilon glanced down at the file on his screen and saw that he was arrested just five days ago.  That's not our fault then.
The prosecutor resumed her place behind the lectern.  "Honors, Abdel is charged with treason and insurrection."
The Tiberian general nodded and looked toward Hyperion.  He, in turn, looked to his right.  The lone Assurian member of the tribunal was sweating, again, and he stared straight ahead.  The praetor looked at the prosecutor and asked, "The evidence is incontrovertible?"
She nodded once.  "Yes, my lord."
Hyperion lifted the stone sphere and smacked it on the stone pedestal.  "I declare you guilty of all charges."
The young man's face bunched together and he lowered his head.  As he began to sob, an older man stood in the gallery and began to move toward the lectern.  "My lords?  My lords?"
The Tiberian general rolled his eyes and mumbled, "Again."
"The convicted has the right to provide witness before sentencing is passed," Hyperion said.  "Do you have someone to speak for you, Mr. Abdel?"  Of course, the Titan knew he did.
"Me, my lords."  He stepped before the lectern and accidentally stumbled into the prosecutor.  She backed away and covered her nose.  "I am Goran's father."  He was breathing heavily and his voice cracked as he spoke.  "He did not do anything wrong.  He was pulled off his bicycle by police …"
"He has been found guilty," Hyperion interrupted.  "At this point it is a matter of sentence."
The young man cried again and his father futilely reached toward him.  "I'm sorry.  I don't know what to do."  He looked toward the panel with his mouth hanging open.  Finally, he nodded and said, "I can make an offer."
Hyperion raised a single eyebrow and said, "Approach."  Tentatively, the man did and the praetor asked, "What can you offer us?"  He nodded toward the convict.  "What can he offer us, for that matter?"
"I operate an algae farm, lord."
The general and the Psilon laughed.  Hyperion leaned over the bench and studied the father's emaciated form.  "I doubt that."  He was about to protest but he was interrupted.  "Even if I believed you, all algae farms have been seized for imperial use.  We don't need you."  He waved him off and the father turned around.  His shoulders slumped forward and his feet scuffed across the tile floor.
The general leaned toward Hyperion and whispered, "The boy didn't do anything violent but he's from a town where we've had some trouble."  The Titan nodded and the general added, "Execute."
Hyperion reached across his desk to two plastic cards.  The one on top read, "Labor."  He pushed it aside and lifted the one that read, "Death."  He then turned it toward the Assurian panelist.  The large man's large eyes glanced over and he nodded quickly.
"Goran Tol Abdel," Hyperion said, "prepare for sentencing."  He whimpered and his father moved toward him.
"Death," the general said.
Hyperion looked toward the Assurian jurist and he cleared his throat.  Softly, he said, "Death."
The Psilon said, "Death."  He waved his hand and guards approached the holding pen.
"No!" his father yelled.  Goran reached toward him but the chains kept him close to the rail.  They screamed repeatedly and the older man collapsed on the floor, wailing.
Hyperion sighed and said, "Come on, now.  We have four hundred more trials to get through today.  There's no time for this."

"Why won't they listen to me?" Coeus asked.
"I do not know, lord."  The general glanced nervously toward his subordinates.  "Perhaps they simply don't understand all of your edicts?"
"Excuses!" the praetor leapt from the vehicle and began to run across the tarmac.  The Tiberian officers were right behind him.  "I have been here for years!  They don't respect me!"
"I don't believe it's respect, dominus," the general said.  Coeus looked behind him and then slowed.  "I'm not certain what it is."
"Lies," the Psilon growled.  He stopped running and turned.  "I hear people talk.  I know you don't like me as praetor."  The officers began to protest and Coeus said, "No!  You say things about me.  Bad things."  He leaned forward and grabbed the front of the general's tunic.  "You shouldn't say things about me."
"Of course not, dominus."
The Titan turned and continued to walk toward the cropdusting plane.  The pilot was standing by the fuselage and he lifted the panel by the tank.  Coeus nodded at him and removed a flask from his coat.  He sniffed the cap and then poured the contents into the reservoir.  After the pilot saluted and got into the craft, the group walked back to their vehicle.
Once the plane lifted off and flew toward the many hectares of growing food nearby, the general spoke softly, "Dominus, what was that?"
"A poison."  The officers looked at each other warily.  Coeus smiled, though.  "The crops will die in a matter of days and then … then the people will have to come to us for food.  They'll have to depend on us."  He nodded.  "That's what they need."

A decade, Cronus thought.  Nearly a decade here.  He looked along the riverbank and allowed his eyes to hover on each of the kneeling prisoners.  
Legate Fava Sergius stood next to him and pointed at an older woman nearby.  "This is the one intel says was the director."  Slowly, the praetor turned his head toward her.  He squinted despite the lack of sunlight.  "I know, dominus.  We found multiple codebooks and encrypted computer slates in her home."  She handed one such panel over.  "Her fingerprints were all over them."
He tapped his fingers on the illuminated glass and saw images of the Empire's airfield outside Auju, before it was bombed.  Cronus sighed and slowly turned his head away from the river.
"I am … so very tired of this, legate."
She nodded.  "I understand, praetor.  Alabor is full of dissent.  It's their nature."
"It's not my nature to deal with them in this way."
She took a step closer to him and leaned against his left arm.  Her proximity forced Cronus to look at Sergius and he saw the breeze displace a wave of her bright red hair.  He blinked a few times and listened to her low voice, "Over the last few years, you have dealt with insurrection in this manner.  On occasion.  It was necessary."
"Perhaps."
She touched his arm.  "It was.  You would have utterly lost the respect of your generals had you not.  You would have lost your imperium and perhaps the emperor would have recalled you in disgrace."
Cronus tilted his head, "Disgrace may be preferable to this."
She gripped his arm.  Tightly.  "Never say that."  The praetor looked deeply into her eyes and she continued, "If you are to truly be Tiberian, if you want power … never accept disgrace.  Do whatever must be done to avoid it.  Do whatever must be done to achieve your aims."
The Psilon glanced back toward the prisoners.  "My aim is to leave Alabor."
Sergius smiled and Cronus' gaze was drawn to a warmth in her eyes.  "Then do your duty, praetor.  Perhaps the Caesar will grace you with retirement."
"Not likely," he muttered.  Still, there's hope.
He walked back to the river and pointed at a prisoner.  The guard behind the man fired.  His skull ruptured and he slumped forward into the water.  He pointed at another person.  Another shot.  Another.  Another.  
There remained only three prisoners.  Two whimpering teens and the elderly organizer of this cell.  "Stand them up," he said as he looked toward the boys.  "Unbind them."  He pointed toward the woman and said, "Her too."
The teens' sobs slowed and they closed their eyes in silent prayer.  They stood and nervously looked around at the guards while trying their best not to look at the dead bodies.  "What do we do now?"
"You go home," Cronus said.  "Live a normal life.  And tell everyone you know what you saw here today."  They nodded.  
The praetor looked at the old woman.  Her chin was held high and she seemed to be grinning.  With a quick, smooth movement, Cronus pulled a handgun from his belt and shot her in the face.  The boys screamed while her body slowly collapsed.
He sighed and looked toward Sergius.  She nodded and gave him an understanding smile.
LII
AHLAJELA
127 Years Before the End

"Please, master.  Whatever you may spare."  The man pushed through the group of beggars and into the marble building.  He left nothing behind.  
Sado Ahljaela left the throng first and resumed his resting position in the shade of an adjacent storesfront.  The collapsed crate shifted when he sat and Sado held it in place with his hand.  He sighed and looked toward the sky.
"You're new," an older man said next to him.
Sado nodded.  "New to town.  That's all."
"No family to go to?"
Ahljaela looked down at his feet.  "No.  None that would have me."  Certainly not after all my father did, he thought.  'Traitor,' my grandmother said.  He sold names to the factory bosses.  It's dirty but I understand why he did it.
"Let me guess."  The dirty man rubbed his matted beard in faux thought.  "A soldier?  You were a soldier."
Sado grinned a little.  "What gave me away?"
"You still look clean.  I'll bet you've been in the street for a year, at least."
Ahljaela said, "Almost two years."
"Ah," the man slapped his leg.  "See?  If I see a beggar like you, clean like you, I know they're a soldier."  He nudged Sado and added, "Or that they haven't been a beggar long."
Another well-dressed man left the marble office building and the throng dove upon him.  He lifted his arms and case above their hands and nearly ran to the street where he entered a waiting taxi.
"Used to be, a person like you would have no fortune getting anything from their people."
"Why is that?" Sado asked.
"You don't look desperate enough."  The old man smiled.  "You're not dirty.  Your hair is short and clean.  Your clothes aren't so bad."
"Are you saying I would have a better chance now?"
The man shook his head.  "No.  Now, no one's got a chance.  There's too many of you out here."
Sado let his head fall back against the wall.  "Damned Cyclops," he said.  "The machines have pushed us out of the military."
"Hmmm.  A mistake if you ask me."
Ahljaela nodded.  "Outside of officers, the entire Tiberian military will be Cyclops in the next two years."  He looked at the man and added, "Can you believe that?"
"I can.  Same's true in factories, you know."  He sniffled and looked across the road.  A young man in a suit was looking at a piece of paper and trying to nonchalantly examine the group of beggars who now nearly assaulted a businesswoman on the sidewalk.  The old man slapped the side of Sado's leg.  "There's something."
Ahljaela watched the man nervously pace near his vehicle.  He kept looking at the group and then turning back to his piece of paper.  "Yes.  Why is he nervous?"
"He knows if he comes over here, he'll get mobbed."
Sado began to stand up, "Let's go to him then."
The old man smiled and reached his hand up.  "Let's go."  The younger man grabbed his hand and pulled him up.  As they walked along the side of the store, Sado wiped his hand on his pants.
The duo looked along the street.  There was little traffic.  They began to cross and the older man said, "Pretend like we're not even looking for him."  Sado nodded and the pair moved toward the sidewalk between two parked cars.  The suited man spotted them and walked over.
"Excuse me," he said.
Ahljaela and his partner stopped.  They didn't say anything.
"Do … either of you have any experience in machinery?"
"I do," the old man said.  "My daddy was a Cyclops."  Sado slowly turned and looked at him, concerned.  "One night, I seen him pull his face off and there he was.  Robot man."
The suited man took a step back and Ahljaela spoke up, "I served two tours in Saban, one tour in Eshnu.  I worked on military vehicles off and on the whole time."
The man grinned a little and nodded.  "Alright.  That sounds good.  I've got some equipment that needs working on."
"If you've got the tools, I've got the talent."
"Let's go."
Sado looked back at the old man who winked.  Ahljaela nodded and understood.  When he and the suited man reached the vehicle, Sado grabbed the passenger door handle.  His new employer waved his hands, "No, no.  In the back, please."
Ahljaela looked in the rear of the truck and saw various buckets, toolboxes and more.  There was a layer of leaves and dirt.  As he climbed in, he realized he was cleaner than anything back there.
He drove for twenty or so minutes before reaching a neighborhood with large estates.  Sado got out when the truck stopped.  "Grab that blue box there," the man said.
Ahljaela complied and walked up the steep driveway behind the boss.  They turned right into some tree cover and emerged next to a couple of old garages.  Lawnmowers, saws and other items were laid out on the ground.  A few had been partially taken apart.
"Fix as many as you can.  The guy who used to have my job … he just bought new things when the old ones broke down.  No point in doing that if the old ones can be fixed, right?"
Sado nodded and opened the toolbox.  "Right."  He studied the nearest grass trimmer for a moment and then looked up at the man, "Assuming I can get at least a couple of these working, how much can I make today?"
The suited man tilted his head from side to side and said, "Two denars.  Get them all working and I'll make it three."
Sado's stomach sank and his throat tightened.  What a waste of time.  He looked across the array of tools and nodded.  The man left and Ahljaela took the engine cover off the first lawnmower.  Maybe tomorrow will work out better.

The male Messenger remained nearby and watched the hope rise, fall, and then rise again in Sado.  The being experienced it with him and thought, I see the allure of remaining with one line of people.  Their perserverance is remarkable.
LIII
OURANOS
125 Years Before the End

Ouranos stared at the blank computer screen.  His waiting reflection disgusted him.
His hair was mostly gray.  His cheeks were becoming puffy.  The lines under and around his eye became valleys unto themselves.  Ouranos, the original Psilon, was getting old.
When the report finally filled the monitor, he blinked slowly and leaned away.  He squinted and read aloud the number at the bottom of the chart.  "Three hundred sixty thousand?"
Out of more than six hundred thousand Cyclops in the Caesar's army, that's the number that developed the files Ouranos had been searching for and deleting for years.  
"Is that the month's total from the legions?" Donovan asked.
"Yes."  Ouranos shook his head and sighed.  "I haven't scanned private Cyclops yet."
Donovan slowly stood and ambled across the laboratory floor.  Ouranos looked at him as he approached.  At least I haven't aged that badly.  "You know it will be nearly that much."
"Yes."
"There's almost as many manufacturing and … civilian Cyclops as there are soldiers."  Donovan leaned against the edge of the workstation.  "Have you told anyone else?"
Ouranos leaned back in his chair and muttered, "No."
Ryall shook his head.  "I'm telling you, we have to."
"No."
"It's been six years since you figured out what's happening.  You have to tell someone."
Ouranos turned toward him slowly.  "Why?"
Donovan laughingly scoffed.  "It could change everything."
"Not as long as I keep doing this," he said as he pressed "delete."
Ryall shook his head and walked back toward his own workstation.  Just before he sat down, his computer beeped.  "Hey … Hey!"
Ouranos spun around quickly.  "It did it?  It sequenced?"
"Yes!"  Donovan jumped up and said, "One hundred percent.  The whole thing!"
Ouranos stood and darted across the room.  He stood behind Ryall's chair and looked at the screens.  Everything seemed in order.  "I can't believe it.  It worked."
Donovan leaned forward and laid his face in his hands.  "All this time.  It's over.  It's really over."
Ouranos felt a nagging doubt.  He breathed through his nose hard and said, "Run it a second time."
Ryall looked over his shoulder, "Why?"
"We need to be sure."
Donovan was about to protest but he lowered his head and said, "You're right."  He typed on his panel as Ouranos went back to his chair.  Several minutes later, Ryall said, "Six hours." 
And they waited.
Five hours later, there was a different beep.  It was the door.
Ouranos was startled from his sleep and glanced back toward Donovan.  The old man was asleep in his chair, his head thrown back and his mouth open toward the sky.  The door beeped again and Ouranos went to it.  He pressed a button and it slid open.
"Hello, father," Cronus said.
Ouranos' eyes widened and his eyebrows shot up.  "What are you doing here?"
Cronus chuckled.  "We haven't seen each other in more than a decade and that's how you greet me?"
Ouranos blinked a couple of times and said, "You're right.  I'm sorry.  Come in."
Cronus nodded and walked into the lab.  He scanned all of the empty workstations and settled his eyes on the still-sleeping form of Donovan.  "Keeping busy down here, eh?"
Ouranos nodded.  "Yes."  He looked at the younger Psilon and noticed he was still wearing his military uniform.  "What brings you to Tiber?"
Cronus walked slowly toward Donovan.  "Your work, of course."  
The old doctor began to stir.  He looked up and saw the approaching Titan.  "Cronus?"
"Praetor Cronus …" he corrected.
Ryall straightened in his chair and said, "Yes.  Still in Alabor?"
Ouranos watched his "son" as he clenched his jaw and said, "Yes."
"What about our work drew your attention?"
Cronus smiled toward Ouranos and said, "Well, I know that ever since we Titans regained the ability to duplicate ourselves a few years ago, you two have been working on a way to translate that process over to anyone else.  The Caesar, yourselves …"
A tingling warmth flushed over Ouranos' body.  Something's not right.  "And you know something."
Cronus maneuvered behind Donovan and looked at the doctor's screen.  "I know that, several hours ago, you successfully sequenced yourself for duplication."  Ryall seemed confused and looked toward the stone-faced Ouranos.  The elder Psilon gave nothing away.  "I know you've already successfully scanned your mind for such a purpose but it was the … organic component that escaped you."
"How do you know we solved it?" Donovan asked quietly.
Without taking his eyes off Ouranos, he said, "I installed a watchman on your system a long time ago."
Ryall looked at Ouranos but couldn't get a read on his expression.  He stared up at Cronus and asked, "Why?"
"I had to be sure I could stop you."
Ouranos felt the hairs on his neck and arms stand up.  Donovan looked away from Cronus and as he did, Ouranos sprinted.  Cronus removed a pistol from his jacket and fired once.  The bullet struck Ouranos in the groin and he ran forward into a workstation divider before falling back onto the floor, grabbing his crotch and moaning.
"Sorry about that," Cronus said.  "I was aiming for your leg."
Ryall began to roll his chair away from Cronus as he asked, "Why are you doing this?"
Using his gun, Cronus motioned for Donovan to keep rolling away.  He complied and Cronus began typing on the panel.  "I've been in virtual exile for fifteen years.  The Caesar won't have me back."  The computer screen asked him to confirm the cancelation of the sequencing program.  As he touched keys, he continued, "I knew that you two would continue on the Life Extension Project, even though most of the Psilons have moved on to become praetors or do something else."
Ouranos slammed his hand on the desktop and tried to stand up.  The pain became excrutiating and he collapsed against another nearby desk.  Cronus shook his head and kept working.
"It's petty, I know," Cronus said.  "But I can't let Caesar have what he wants as long as I'm stuck where I am."  He pressed a few more buttons and then stood up straight.  "We Psilons might outlive our usefulness if he can live forever."
Cronus stared at Ouranos and waited for a reaction.  None came.  Donovan, however, rolled forward a little and asked, "What are you going to do with us?"
Ouranos winced.  Partly from the pain; partly from the knowledge of what the answer would be.  
Cronus backed up and placed the barrel of his gun against Donovan's temple, pushing it forward and forcing Ryall's head to turn and face Ouranos.  "Sorry."  He pulled the trigger.  The opposing side of the doctor's head departed, leaving a trail of red mist and pink-grey bits to fall to the floor.  Ouranos turned away and grabbed his own wound more tightly.
Cronus pulled a small box from his waist and pressed a button, "Centurion?"
He waited and then the speaker crackled, "Yes, praetor."
"Stand by for departure."
"Yes, dominus."
Cronus replaced the communicator on his waist and then tucked the weapon into his armpit.  He pulled a pair of gloves from his pockets.  After sliding into them, he held the gun with two fingers and ran a cloth over its surfaces.  Ouranos straightened up again and sighed.
"Nothing to say?" Cronus asked.  He then pulled Donovan's chair toward him and clear of the desk.  He wrapped the dead man's hand around the grip and placed a limp finger against the trigger.
Ouranos sighed again and shuddered.  "No.  You're too far gone.  Alabor, Caesar … the scientists at BBM.  They've frakked you up."  Cronus smiled and aimed the weapon at Ouranos.  The bleeding man said, "Remember all those years ago in the lab, when you found the copies of yourselves?"
Cronus narrowed his eyes for a moment and thought.  "Yes."
"You said, 'They made us better,' and I agreed with you."
"Right."
Ouranos licked his lips and slid a little down the front of the desk.  "I was wrong."
Cronus was expressionless and then he smiled.  He lifted Donovan's arm and squeezed the finger.  The bullet struck Ouranos' chest.  He gasped for air and slumped to one side.  Cronus aimed again as best he could, and fired.  The next bullet hit Ouranos' face, just under his eye.  He gurgled and twitched for a second and then went still.
LIV
ZEUS
120 Years Before the End

Zeus wrapped the fabric around his upper arms.  The air around him was sucked toward the open window more forcefully now.  He squinted and tried to see through the blowing sand, but he couldn't.
"I wondered where you were," Hera said.  He looked toward her and then quickly in either direction down the hall.  She rolled her eyes.  "There's no one around."
Zeus smiled briefly and then pulled her to him.  He gripped the free portion of her wrap tightly and squeezed.  She gasped and parted her mouth just before he hovered above it with his own.  After they kissed, he released her and looked out the window again.  The wind in the storm subsided somewhat.  In the distance, the gleaming white, three-sided pyramid, Nahaten's Tomb, stood.  The ancient monument to Badar's greatest fayrakh loomed over Fardan, the exiled Psilons' home for most of their childhoods.
She stood next to him.  "Dr. Onesi knows."
Zeus inhaled sharply and shook his head.  "Did you tell her?"
Hera glared toward him.  "No.  Of course not."  She turned her shoulder to Zeus and peered around the corner of the window.  "She saw us two days ago.  In the gardens."
"Frak."  Zeus rubbed his temples and shook his head again.  "We have to be more careful."
"Illogical," she said.  "We are adults.  We can decide how we live."
Zeus didn't respond.  They've had this discussion too many times already for his tastes.  "How was Karin today?"
Hera paused and thought.  "The same.  Why?"
Zeus looked down and kicked his foot a little.  "We talked yesterday.  I couldn't tell how she felt."
She moved closer and put her hand on his arm, "You told her?"
"I tried," he began, "but I didn't quite get the words out."
Hera stroked his arm and looked at the sandstorm again.  "There'll be more chances."
Someone behind them cleared their throat.
Zeus turned and saw Karin Baraz slowly unwind a portion of the wrap from her head and neck.  Hera backed away quickly, bowed toward Baraz and walked away from the window and down the hall.  Karin stood still and watched Zeus.  The young man did nothing.  Then, he slowly lifted his chin.
Baraz grinned and walked toward him.  "There are fewer who don't know than do.  Do you know where I stand?"
"I can guess."
"She is your sister."
Zeus tilted his head, "Genetically.  We had different parents."
"But the same parents, too, in a way."  Karin shook her head and glanced toward the sandstorm before stepping next to Zeus.  "What if you have children?"
"We are surrounded by scientists," he held his arms out, "and if there are problems, we can correct them in the womb."
Baraz nodded and looked at Zeus' hair.  It was nearly half gray now.  She smiled and used her forefinger to push a few strands of silver from his forehead.  "Genetics are unpredictable."
He smiled, too.  "They are.  Looking at Cronus and Rhea, you wouldn't guess that one of their children would be completely gray by the time he's thirty."
"No, I would think you'll be gray well before then."
Zeus took Karin's hand from his hair and held it.  His thumb ran over her knuckle and he saw how wrinkled it was.  "I love her."
She patted the top of his hand and said, "I know.  I advise against it but," she shook her head, "I don't want our second chance to be marred by me telling you what to do."
Zeus inhaled sharply and walked to the window.  He put his hands on the ledge and looked into the reddish-orange haze.  "And yet …"
Baraz lowered her head.  "'And yet,' what?"
He looked toward her without looking at her, "We are here.  We take classes.  We are forced to … study, continuously.  To find fields wherein we may contribute."  She moved toward the window and he continued, "I and a few others are tired.  We want to pursue the things that interest us.  Not the things you tell us to pursue."
Karin nodded.  "What do you remember of the days before the end in Doria?"
Zeus thought and then shook his head.  "I remember playing with Poseidon.  I remember the day Hades was brought home."
Baraz smiled at the memory and said, "Your parents, everyone's parents, were working toward a better world.  They worked in medicine, botany, energy, computers, everything.  They looked at the news and they saw their mirror selves, the Titans, and they were ashamed."  She patted Zeus' hand again, "They wanted to set themselves apart.  They didn't want to be seen as the Caesar's puppets."
Zeus nodded.  "But, we don't have mirror selves."  Karin looked into Zeus' brilliant blue eyes and he continued, "We are already different."
"You are," Baraz said.  "The outside world, though, the world wearied by wars with Tiberia and Titans, may not agree."
She looked out the window and Zeus watched her stare.  He didn't answer her.  Her last statement was something he had not considered.  
LV
AHLJAELA
117 Years Before the End

"The Caesar will hear us!" the man shouted.  The heavy paper megaphone was unwieldy but it got his voice over the din of the crowd.  "We are the workers of Tiberia!  We have lost our homes!  We are hungry!  We are hungry for food and for work!"
The crowd roared and Sado Ahljaela smiled.  He clapped his hands above his head and looked around.  Today's rally brought out several hundred.  Not as many as yesterday's, but that was to be expected.
"Machine-men fight in our wars.  They work in our factories and on our farms.  They have our jobs!  We want them back!"  
Ahljaela cheered.  
"Have you heard the latest news?"
A few in the crowd answered back, "No."
"Tiberia's unemployment rate."  Many in the audience groaned.  "Up again to twenty-six percent."  Sado shook his head but most in the group voiced their displeasure out loud.  The leader waved his hand, "That's not the end of it!  That's not the end!  We're hearing about more factories switching over to Cyclops exclusively!  Is Tiberia for the people?"  He waited for an answer and didn't get one.  "It's supposed to be, but it's not!  It's not right now!"
Sado nodded and he heard a murmuring in the crowd.  He looked behind himself and saw people begin to part and run away.  "They're here!" someone yelled.
The leader screamed from the platform but Ahljaela was trying to leave.  He looked back and saw a group of about twenty silver Cyclops with blue coverings moving through the crowd.  Some people were hit with batons; others were struck by stunsticks.  Three of the machines leapt toward the stage and caught the speaker.  He didn't resist but he did scream when his arm was broken in an attempt to cuff him.
Thirty minutes later, Sado entered a park nearest the river.  He walked through several play areas and then made his way under a pedestrian bridge.  An old woman forcefully poked her head out from under a blanket-tent.  She recognized him and smiled.
"Good day," Ahljaela said.  The woman nodded and retreated back into her shelter.
He walked between a pair of concrete supports and crouched to get under a wayward shrub branch.  Within that large bush was arrayed his possessions, his bedroll, and his wife.
"You're back sooner than I expected," Gasta said.
Sado nodded and crawled onto his blanket.  "Police broke it up again."
She shook her head.  "I guess that's just the way it will be from now on."
Ahljaela laid on his back and stared up at his plastic ceiling.  Beyond it, he could see several limbs and a small squirrel, sitting and eating an acorn.  He sighed and felt a pit in his stomach grow.  Even if he had food, he wouldn't have wanted to eat.
"Ooh," Gasta said.  "Feel."
Sado rolled over and put his hand on her belly.  It was very small but he could feel the baby kick.  He smiled at her and then kissed her hand.  "I can't let our baby be born here.  We'll think of something."
"I know," she said.  She leaned down and kissed his cheek.
LVI
CYCLOPS
116 Years Before the End

The human centurion lowered himself from the rocks and looked down at what remained of his century.  In the last four days, he had lost a third of his soldiers to the combined forces of the Pact of Nations.
"Alright," he said.  "They still have their big guns, the big twenty calibers.  They only have the two, though."  He held his hands up to simulate their positions.  "They're on the wall here.  You'll see them easily enough.  They have shielding, too, so it'll take a direct hit through the vent or a well-timed grenade."
A subtribune asked, "What about air support?"
"Tied up to the south."  He looked back to his fifty-odd machine-men and said, "I saw the uniforms of Thorians and Atticans up there with the Tyrians.  They are all well-trained and well-equipped infantries.  They have their twenties, they have their RPGs, but you are better than any of them."  The centurion didn't think the Cyclops could feel pumped up by his speech, but he was saying it for his own and his human attendants' benefits, too.  "We have been ordered to take out the emplacement and hold it until the Fifteenth Legion arrives tomorrow night.  Until then, we will be the only century in northern Tyria.  Is that understood?"
All of the Cyclops nodded their heads quickly and said, "As you command."
One unit watched its commander walk past and toward the gap in the rocks.  It looked at its companions as they readied their weapons.  The unit decided that it, too, should make ready.
"Launchers?"
Four Cyclops moved forward and dropped a large canister into the barrels of their weapons.  They aimed them skyward and fired when the centurion said to.
The unit's left arm twitched.  It looked down and then it held its arm out.  Its hand shook.  The unit was confused, but it quickly ran a self-diagnostic.  There was no damage.  It gripped the barrel of its automatic rifle and that steadied the tremor.  
"Smoke's up," the subtribune said while looking through a scope.
The centurion heard distant yells and then inhaled deeply.  "Cyclops, move!"
Suddenly, the air was rent by the noise of dozens of running machines.  Once in the open field, they spread out and the enemy fired upon them.
The unit scanned through the smoke and saw the wall with its turrets.  Humans were assembling along its length and preparing larger weapons.  It lifted its weapon and aimed, squeezing the trigger.  Its bullets missed.  It fired again and hit the wall.  It decided to stop running and crouch.  Being more steady, it took aim again and fired.  The bullets found their marks and two humans fell.
From the turrets, the loud thrums of the Thorians' twenty-caliber machine guns drowned out almost every sound, save for the occasional grenade explosion.  Through the smoke, the unit could see the muzzle flash from the huge barrel as it fired.  The flash came toward it.
A running Cyclops barely three meters away was chewed by the projectiles.  Six, seven, eight, nine times it was hit.  The sound of the bullets clanging against its armor was as loud as the firing of them.
The unit went to its comrade and examined it.  Four of the impacts were on its chestplate and were embedded deep in the gold metal.  Two found their way into the neck machinery.  The comparatively lighter and less protective metal was splayed wide open and severed wires dangled from the wound.  Another impact cracked the protective glass of its sensor ring.  The blue eye no longer swept.  Its arm twitched and the unit backed away, unsure if it still functioned or if it was a side effect of being deactivated.  
The thrums of the twenties erupted again.  A Cyclops nearby launched a grenade toward the wall and was immediately hit by two rounds.  This startled the unit and it turned to face the emplacement.
It started to run.  It took aim again and fired at humans along the wall.  It had now reached the halfway mark of the open field.  It fired again.  A human fell back, struck by its bullets.  As it aimed at another distant group, the twenty on the right found it.
The first round hit its chest and made a loud, metallic thunk.  The second grazed its hip and pushed a small panel of metal ajar.  The unit then fell to the ground.
Why did it fall?  It lay on the grass, staring into the sky while it considered the question.  Why did I fall?  Is it because I have seen others fall when they are struck?  Then it thought a simple, short word over and over again.  I.
A grenade exploded nearby and it turned to look at the smoldering crater.  
Why do I remain on the ground?  Its diagnostics were finished.  The damage was superficial.
Its fingers brushed along its chest until it found the dent made by the bullet.  It dug into the pit and felt the projectile still there.  It held it up against the smoky sky and turned it over and over.  Squashed as it was, the round was huge.  The base of the cracked bullet was the same diameter as one of the unit's fingers.
I am uninjured.  I should rejoin the battle.  Its right arm probed the grass for the rifle.  Its fingertips found the handle and it pulled it toward itself.  With a jerk, it sat upright and scanned the field.  Eleven other Cyclops had been hit by the twenty-caliber machine guns and were lying motionless.  Some units were at the base of the wall already and were lobbing grenades toward the turrets.
It stood and began to run.  As it did, it ran to the right, the side nearest the rocky outcroppings of the Baetican Mountains' foothills.  It studied the rocks and how the wall was placed along them.  It didn't fire as it ran.
Once it got within ten meters of the wall, the sound of the firing twenties seemed like explosions unto themselves.  The humans were trying to aim the barrels down to the wall, firing into the Cyclops clamoring up the bricks.  None made it more than halfway up.
The unit ignored them and leapt onto the rocks.  A grenade bounced off the machine gun nest's protective shield and landed under the unit.  When it exploded, shrapnel and rock peppered its legs and back.  The unit paused for a moment and then jumped to a small rock ledge by the wall.
The centurion couldn't have seen it from the opposite side of the field, but the wall was vulnerable here.  The unit began to fire down at humans as they ran ammunition to soldiers along the fortification.  A few Cyclops down below saw what was happening and began to climb the rocks, too.
The unit jumped some eight meters from the rocks and landed in the pathway behind the stone wall.  The wall was ancient, protecting a small region in the foothills for centuries, and these modern weapons were new to it.  The unit lowered a metal bar across a door, preventing more soldiers from exiting a supply room within the rocks.  It then turned toward the wall itself.  The path was jagged to prevent explosive force and debris from reverberating along its length.  It crouched low and began to stalk.  
When a human appeared, it fired.  Three Thorians fell and it turned a corner where it saw several Atticans.  It pulled a grenade from its waist and threw it down the walkway.  The noise of the large machine guns concealed both the Cyclops' advance and the clanking sound of the canister as it rolled and skipped across stone.  It exploded, throwing two men over the wall and forcing the rest to fall.  When they moved, the Cyclops fired.
After another bend in the walkway, the unit found itself at the protective door to the twenties' turret.  The four men inside were still firing down on the field and along the wall.  The unit jammed a grenade into the locked door handle and pulled the pin.  It leapt back to the bend in the path and saw three Cyclops crouched there, waiting.  When the grenade detonated, the door blew open. 
The four Cyclops stood and ran to the turret room.  One man was slumped over and two were holding their heads.  The fourth was holding a smaller machine gun as blood streamed from his ears.  The tiny bullets bounced off the machines' chests and they quickly dispatched the soldiers.
The unit checked the twenty-caliber gun on the right as the other three examined the one on the left.  The unit then activated its internal radio, "Centurion, machine gun emplacement secured.  Proceeding to clear the wall."
"Excellent work.  Carry on."
From the locator beacon, the unit could tell that the centurion and his staff were still at the rocks on the far side of the field.  It lingered on that thought for a moment before it looked down at its left hand.  It was twitching again.  A diagnostic revealed no damage, of course. 
LVII
CAESAR
114 Years Before the End

"Forgive me, dominus, but advancements have been slow in coming," Prefect Titus said.
The Caesar regarded her newer Cyclops body.  Like most of the elite these days, she wore a skin-like plastic covering over her Cyclops machinery.  He looked across the room at the couple dozen or so prefects, senators, legates, and tribunes.  The highest classes in Tiberian society, they were fast becoming immortal like Caesar.  Caesar, though, kept his liquid metal flesh.  He appreciated its versatility.
"I understand your displeasure, prefect," Maxentius said.  "Dr. Donovan's murder of Ouranos and subsequent suicide was a great blow," he fought the urge to spit at having to say the doctor's name, "but we have some of the greatest minds in the world working on the Life Extension Project."
"Have you given thought to broadcasting the desire for fresh minds as you once did, lord?" a tribune asked.
Caesar nodded and said, "I have, though I don't believe the rest of the world would be receptive, given current events."
The prefects nodded and Gallian said, "That brings to mind our difficulties with the Pact of Nations."
"Indeed," Senator Blasia, one of the few humans in the room, began, "the PN's military actions, blockades, and embargoes are having a greater effect on Tiberia than we had prepared for."
"We're flush with income from the new territories, senator," Prefect Curus said, glancing toward Caesar as if to glean some sort of approval.  "Some industries have suffered, but as Tiber's influence grows, so does her wealth."
"One would not know that by walking the streets, prefect."  Senator Tullus said.  He used an older Cyclops body with its joints still exposed.  "Unemployment rates are ridiculously high and …"
Prefect Cleon interrupted, "The Caesar is generously taking the unemployed to war-torn areas so that they may aid in the rebuilding efforts."
"That program, prefect, is on the decline, thanks to more Cyclops units being introduced to the workforce."  Cleon said nothing and Tullus continued, "Resident unemployment is still above thirty percent.  Many of our cities have fallen into disrepair.  Hunger and disease stalk the camps of homeless in every urban area of the Empire."  A few of the prefects openly scoffed.
"Thank you, senator, for bringing this to my attention," Caesar said.  "I have kept a wary eye on the Cyclops situation.  Last week, I gave an order to our factories to slow production of non-military units."
The senator bowed and Prefect Gallian said, "Very wise, dominus.  Might I also suggest a measure of debt forgiveness?"  Some of the other prefects and senators looked toward him.  "I know many of our patrician friends earn a great deal in the moneylending business, but minor debt forgiveness has gone a long way toward stifling plebeians' cries in the past."
Caesar ignored him and moved toward the large wall map of Larsa.  "The Pact of Nations also concerns me greatly.  They are attempting to enforce the Accord, a document that is hopelessly outdated."
"Nearly five hundred years old, imperator," a legate said.
Caesar nodded and continued, "Thanks to Thoria and Attica, our forces have been stalled in Tyria and Ordoga for years."
"They developed weapons and countermeasures to our Cyclops units far faster than we believed possible," Prefect Etne said.
"Yes," the emperor said.  "New designs were implemented a few years ago and more of those units are entering the service now.  My legates, magisters, and I," he glanced toward them and the uniformed men nodded, "will order the legions to pull back to the borders of these regions and allow the new Cyclops to fill out the ranks.  We will hold the lines.  Some day soon, they will push forward and when they do, hopefully, they will prove more hardy."
There was a knock at the door and a Praetorian Guard leaned toward it.  He spoke through the crack and allowed a young woman into the room.  Caesar recognized her as an intelligence subconsul.  She looked around at the assembled elite before the emperor waved her forward.
She paused a few meters away and saluted, "My lord, I bring urgent news to you."
He motioned with his open palm and said, "Come."
Her eyes widened and she leaned forward, "Your orders were to present news of this nature to you in private."
Caesar smiled a little at her nervousness and waved her toward the far corner of the marble room.  "Excuse us, please."  The prefects and others turned away and spoke among themselves.  Once they were in the corner, the imperator said, softly, "Very well, subconsul."
She swallowed hard and took a moment to gather her thoughts.  "Some years ago, you asked the intelligence division to find whatever remained of Baraz Bio Medical from Doria."
"I recall."
She nodded, "The company was liquidated and its personnel scattered after the raid …"
"I know this, subconsul."  He waved his hand quickly, "Get to the new information."
"Sorry, my lord.  We've found them."
"Dr. Karin Baraz?"
"Yes.  Her and … the Psilons."
Caesar blinked slowly.  "The Psilons?  They were killed in the raid.  The other Titans, their children …"
The woman shook her head.  "The Psilons themselves, Cronuses, Rheas, Phoebes … they were killed and their transfer technology destroyed.  But children remained."
Caesar leaned back and looked toward the elites.  They were still chattering and he looked back at the subconsul, "We were told that twenty-four children were killed in the raid."
She nodded.  "But there were more.  Many more.  I don't know how so many were missed in the old reports, but …"
"It doesn't matter."  Caesar closed his eyes and thought.  As he did, he muttered an old Tiberian saying, "'If you kill the father, kill the son, lest he grow and seek your blood.'"
"Lord?"
Caesar said, "You have new information.  Where are they?"
"Badar.  Fardan, specifically."
Gordian's Quagmire, he thought.  "Very well."  I'm not certain what to do with this information just yet …
"There's something else you should know, dominus."  Caesar didn't speak.  He just stared at her until she continued, "Cronus knows."
He straightened up and raised his voice, "How?"
She cowered slightly and answered, "He has bought friends in the department."
He put his hand on her shoulder and said, very genially, "Tell me who, and I will make you the intelligence consul."
She smiled and began to name names.
LVIII
CRONUS
114 Years Before the End

The praetor unfolded his legs and leaned forward.  Outside his window, his sliver of perception from the office, he saw calm and tranquility.  The last remnant of Alabor's military was defeated years ago, but terrorist cells remained.
He looked back at his desk and saw the report from his friend in Tiber.  His skin flushed hot at the thought of Psilons surviving … but it waned when he looked out the window.
It was sunny in Derben.  The trees were green.  A flock of birds flew past.  Traffic moved along far below like normal.  It was a beautiful day.
Cronus stood and walked toward the glass.  He touched it with his fingertips and felt the heat conducted away from his skin … it was cool.  He could see more of the sky and there were clouds in the west.  He looked toward the sidewalk and watched the people moving about.  
"It's ready, dominus."  Cronus sighed and turned away.  As he passed the desk, he pressed a button on his computer screen and kept moving toward the technician.  "All you have to do is wait for this to signal you."  He was holding up a small silver rectangle.  "When it does, plug it into the monitor.  It'll do the rest."
"Thank you," Cronus looked at the device as the technician gathered his things.  The rectangle beeped and a blue light blinked.  The man nodded and the praetor said, "Leave me."  After grabbing his bags, the man left.
Cronus walked to the large screen and positioned the silver shape above its slot.  He took in a deep breath and inserted it.  The monitor came on and after some audio-visual static, he could make out the forms of two women speaking.  Standing behind them were a few other people but the image was not clear.  A status bar appeared and read, "Standby …"  The pixellation subsided and audio became intelligible.
There was laughter.  He didn't recognize the voices at first.  The image began to clear further and he saw Karin Baraz sitting in a soft chair, smiling and laughing with others.  He studied these new people.  After just a moment, he was sure that they were Psilons.  The realization made his chest ache.  His stomach roiled and he briefly felt lightheaded.  Then the disorientation washed away and became a hot anger.  He watched them chat and hold each other.  And Baraz … she sat there and talked with them like they were regular people.  Cronus shook his head and saw a message on screen.  "Ready.  Press 'enter' to engage."  He did.
"Lisa?  What's going on?" one of the women said.
"I don't know."  There was obviously another party somewhere that Cronus couldn't see.
"Who is that?"
Cronus straightened himself and waited for the image to fully resolve.  When it did, nearly everyone on the other side of the monitor stared back with their mouths agape.
"Greetings, mother."  He glared at Karin Baraz.  A moment later, he caught sight of Gaia, too.  "Ah, 'mothers,' I should have said."
He waited for a response of some sort.  It took several seconds, but Baraz finally said, grimly, "What do you want?"
"No need to be glum, mother.  I call to share information.  Information that you," he looked to the people standing behind the women, "and our children should know."
"We are not your children," a tall, silver-haired and young-faced man said.  
Cronus smiled, "But you are."
Baraz held up a hand to silence the Psilons.  "What is the information?"
The praetor narrowed his eyes and scrunched up his mouth.  "I thought you'd be more proud, mother.  The Titans rule all lands east of the Baetican Mountains.  We are the governors of more than a billion."
"And hated by much more," Gaia said.
Cronus nodded.  "As you say."  He folded his arms across his chest.  "I simply called to let you know that I've informed the news media and certain other … interested parties of your location."  He smiled.  "Good day."
LIX
ZEUS
114 Years Before the End

"Wait!" Karin yelled as the monitor blanked.  After a few seconds, it pixellated and showed the confused expression of Dr. Lisa Onesi.
"What happened?"
Gaia looked at Baraz and then at the screen.  "We'll explain later.  Get back here now."  Onesi nodded and turned off her monitor.  Gaia turned to the Psilons standing near.  She looked across their angry and shocked faces before saying, "Gather everyone else.  We'll meet in twenty minutes in the main chamber."
"Bia, Zeus," Karin said as she held the back of her chair.  "Stay."
He looked over at Bia.  Her dark skin glistened in the low light of the conference room.  She was breathing slowly and glanced at Zeus.  "Will you be alright?"
Zeus didn't react for a few seconds.  Then, he simply said, "I believe so."
Gaia and Baraz stood.  Gaia spoke softly, but Zeus could hear her.  "What do you think the reaction will be?"
"It depends on what he told people."  She looked at Zeus and said, "If Cronus said, 'The children of the Titans are living in Fardan,' there will be outage."
Gaia nodded.  "I think it's safe to assume he'd want to provoke the most outrageous reaction possible."
"Agreed," Bia said.
"Zeus," Karin said.  He didn't respond.  His eyes were glazed over and distant.  She touched his arm and his head snapped toward her.  "The transfer facilities, can they be disconnected and ready for moving by tomorrow?"
He inhaled through his nose and thought.  "Yes.  They can."
"We'll be vulnerable while in transit," Bia said.
"A risk we'll have to take," Gaia answered.
Zeus balled up his fist and looked toward a painting.  It showed an ancient river with the fayrakh's temples along the shore.  "What do we do about Cronus?"
"There's nothing we can do," Gaia said.  "Not yet."
Baraz watched Zeus' jaw flex as he ground his teeth.  She touched Gaia's arm and nodded toward Bia.  "Go.  Gather everyone.  We'll be there in fifteen minutes."
As they left, Karin slowly walked around her chair and stood in front of the painting.  "Zeus."
He blinked a few times and lowered his head.  "I'm sorry," he said.  "Seeing him … I wasn't prepared for how I would feel."
"Tell me."
He looked up and smiled for a moment.  He flexed his mouth and forced the grin away.  "Sad.  Disappointed.  Angry."  He tilted his head and mumbled, "I was actually happy in that first moment."
Baraz nodded.  "I understand.  I really do."  She stepped forward and took Zeus' hand.  "We need you now.  We'll have to evacuate tomorrow.  As soon as possible."  He nodded.  "I'm going to need you to coordinate with Bia."
"Yes."
"You're a good team.  I can count on you two to get everyone ready."
Zeus looked into the doctor's eyes.  He felt oddly comforted and walked away.

"They're coming over the fences."
Zeus looked up from the glass screen in his hand and out the large window.  Hundreds had gathered early in the morning with protest signs and sticks.  A few climbed over at first, but they were arrested by security.
"Don't worry about those boxes," Bia said.  "We'll have enough supplies at the new place for a while."
"And what about the gel tanks?"  Zeus asked.  "We have what's in the spare body canisters now but that's all."
Bia looked at the crowd again and then turned toward a monitor.  The local news was reporting on them and had a camera trained on the campus of Fardan Scientific College.  "That will have to do.  We can make more later."
Zeus nodded and pressed a light on his screen.  Bia walked toward the monitor and turned up the volume.
"… since last night's report.  We know that the Mehet Building was closed down more than twenty years ago.  Shortly after that, it was rented by an unknown corporation.  Sources within FSC say they had no idea the Titans were using it and would have done something if they did."
"Lumped in with them," Prometheus said.  He shook his head and looked at his brother.
"We're damned by association," Epimetheus said.
Baraz clapped her hands as she entered the room.  "The second group has departed.  That leaves only group three.  Get everyone toward the roof."
Zeus looked around the room and then out the window.  He didn't focus on angry mob.  He looked kilometers away toward the huge monuments by the river.  Bia hugged him and said, "Let's go."
He sighed and turned away.  He quickly grabbed Bia's hand and squeezed it tightly before she ran the opposite way down the hall.  Zeus trotted past several doors and met Hera emerging from their room with their child in her arms.
"It's time," Zeus said.
Hera didn't look up from the boy.  "I know."  Zeus pulled two straps over his shoulder and stood up.  He put an arm around her and led her toward the elevator.  Prometheus, Clio, Thalia, Epimetheus and Hephaestus joined them with their bags.  It was crowded and the baby began to cry.
Clio smiled sympathetically and ran a finger across the baby's hair.  "It'll be fine, Ares.  Shh, shh."  She then looked at her own baby and kissed the sleeping child's forehead.
Hera leaned against Zeus and said, "Is everything we need gone?"
"Yes.  The last of the trucks left before dawn.  Gaia destroyed everything downstairs."
"Good," Hephaestus said.  The young man bounced a little on his feet.  He seemed excited but restrained.  "We can't let them have any of it."
The lift doors opened and the group walked out into the utility area.  They looked left toward the stairway to the roof.  Phocus was standing there with a computer slate and a communicator.  He lifted it to his mouth and said, "The next group is here."  Another elevator opened and a few more Psilons exited it.
"We're the last," Polemos said from the back.
"Send everyone up," Gaia said over the communicator.
Phocus waved them forward.  Hera and Ares were the first on the stairs and she went up them quickly.  Zeus maneuvered the large travel bags in the narrow handrails and followed.  A moment later, they emerged onto the windy roof.  Three gyrocopters were sitting among the air processors with their rotors going.  Gaia ran toward them and began directing Psilons to the vehicles silently.  
Zeus took Ares, who was screaming for all he was worth thanks to the buffeting air and the head-pounding noise.  Hera got buckled in and Zeus handed the baby back.  Once he was in and secured, he helped take bags from Hephaestus and Bia.  Gaia and Baraz entered next and tried speaking with the pilot.  Zeus looked outside at the other gyrocraft and saw one of them close their doors.  Phocus was the last to enter the third.
"Help me," Hera yelled.
Zeus looked at her and saw her trying to fit the headphones around Ares' small skull.  He shook his head to free himself of the too-large devices but he screamed at the sound that surrounded him.  Zeus pulled a blanket from Hera's shoulder and folded it up.  Then he positioned it against her bicep and wrapped the ends around Ares' head.  He didn't struggle any longer but he still cried.  Gaia leaned over with the headphones and clasped them around the blanket.  Hera smiled and nodded.
"Eagles one, two and three.  Taking off," the pilot said in their headsets.
The craft shook a little and then they began to float.  Zeus looked to his left out the window and watched the college campus recede.  Home for twenty years, he thought.  Tiny dots of people were visible even further below.  Little fires leapt from their hands as they threw gas bombs over the walls toward the building.  
"Altitude achieved; heading for the coast."
The three gyrocraft spread out abreast and moved east.  Zeus leaned back in his chair and sighed.  Beeping filled the cabin and everyone looked around.
"Signal lock.  Repeat, signal lock on us."  It wasn't their pilot in the headset.  Zeus looked out the window in time to see a small tendril of smoke leave the ground.  "Incoming!"  The furthest gyrocraft banked hard but the missile found its mark.  Their headsets poured static for a moment and the vehicle rocked in the shockwave.  The boom was barely audible over the rotors.
"Eagle three down.  Eagle three down."
Karin frantically grabbed for Gaia's computer panel.  "Who's in Eagle three?!"
Zeus stared at Hera while the pair pressed lights on the glass.  Hera's eyes were closed and she rocked Ares back and forth.
"Frak!" Hephaestus yelled.
Gaia shook her head and began to read the names, "Phocus, Thalia, Clio, …"
"Oh, no," Bia said.  "Little Enyo!"
Gaia nodded and added, "Pontus, Asteria, and Hyria."  Karin lowered her face into her hands and was wracked with sobs.  Gaia rubbed her back and tried to console her.
The pilot spoke through the headsets again, "We're nearing the shore.  We'll be deck-side on the ship in ten."
Asteria, Zeus thought.  Leto's sister.  She'll be devastated.  He looked over at Bia.  Her eyes were closed and she was shaking her head.
"We're going to find out who did this right?" Hephaestus yelled.  "We're going to find the frakkers, right?"  His animated protests disturbed Bia and she put her hand on his chest.
Zeus held Hera's hand tightly.  His mind filled with and pored over the image of Cronus.  For the first time, his thoughts didn't dwell on the Cronus he once called "father."
LX
CYCLOPS
108 Years Before the End

Two centuries of Cyclops moved along either shore of a drought-stricken river.  Their human commanders trailed them and looked at maps as they walked.  A newer Cyclops unit, one with black armor and an infrared sensor eye held up its hand and stopped the groups.
Another Cyclops knelt under a large tree branch and looked into a telescanner.  Upstream, there were fortifications.  On either side of the river in the midst of a bend, sandbags, bricks and stones marked the position of several dozen men.  The unit noted the weaponry and returned to its centurion.
In a rather low volume, its speakers said, "We should report to the commander."
The black-armored Cyclops nodded and turned toward the rear of the column.  The newer models had quieter servos, but the gold-armored soldier accompanying it was still loud and alerted the humans to their approach.
"Centurion?" the tribune said.
The unit saluted and answered, "This soldier has discovered the enemies' fortifications and has a report."
The tribune lowered her computer panel and waved over three other humans.  A male commander, another tribune, and a praefect came out from under the shade of a tree.  They looked toward the centurion who then looked toward the soldier unit.  Only the sound of the running water was audible for several seconds before the centurion prompted it, saying, "Report."
"I have identified forty-four humans visible with an unknown number of other humans concealed in makeshift fortifications in the upcoming riverbend one hundred sixty meters ahead."  The female tribune raised her panel and manipulated the map to display the bend.  "I noted the uniforms of both Doria and Thoria."
"Gun emplacements?" the praefect asked.
"Three thirty-three caliber machine guns.  The human soldiers were carrying twenty-caliber rifles."
The commander sighed and quickly shook his head.  "Damn."
The centurion looked toward its soldiers and noted that they were all maintaining position.  A few nearby had turned their heads and were listening to the discussion.
"Those new twenty-cal rifles are bastards.  They tore up cohort three last week."
"The thirty-threes are worse.  Three of them there?  You're sure?"
The soldier answered, "Yes, commander."
"Praefect, how many launcher grenades do we have left?"
"Thirty-two.  Enough to get us there but probably not enough to get us the rest of the way down river.  We're low on ammo for their rifles, too."
The commander nodded.  "We're supposed to secure the bridge south of Pausa within seventy-two hours.  The rest of the legion is behind us, but they can't get there in time."
The tribune nodded.  "Orders, sir?"
The older commander stood still.  He looked at the centurion and tried to imagine the infrared light circling in its eye.  "You are to lay down minimal smoke cover, followed by grenade barrage.  Then both centuries will rush the emplacements as quickly as possible with minimal fire in transit."
The centurion said nothing as it considered the orders.
The male tribune spoke up, "Dominus, given the weaponry they have, I'm concerned we may sustain heavy losses."
"We probably will," the young praefect said, "but we can combine whatever's left into one century and proceed from there."
"Will one century be enough to secure the bridge near Pausa?"
The commander shrugged, "It will have to be."  He looked back at the black Cyclops and said, "You have your orders.  Dismissed."
The golden soldier turned to rejoin its squad but the centurion hesitated.  It turned and straightened again.  The humans watched it as it saluted and said, "Commander, what about an air strike?"
The commander seemed frustrated and the praefect answered, "Air units are otherwise engaged north of Pausa."
"Centurion," the commander began, "do you have difficulty comprehending my orders?"
"Negative, commander."
"This is the second engagement in the last week where you've questioned them." 
"Negative, commander.  I am merely offering alternatives."
A tribune scoffed and the praefect answered for the agitated commander, "Alternatives have already been considered, centurion.  Dismissed."  The centurion saluted again and turned toward the front of its century.  As it walked away, it heard the commander say, "Frakking tin cans."
The Cyclops looked at its soldiers and then across the river to its black-armored counterpart.  With a quick data burst, the orders were transmitted.  An internal clock began ticking down.  The centurion motioned for the grenadiers to come forward with their launchers.  After dropping the shells into the breeches, the Cyclops aimed through the brush and began to fire.
Smoke exploded along the river banks.  As it did, the grenadiers launched a volley of grenades toward the fortifications.  Two struck their targets but did no damage to the heavy weaponry there.
The Cyclops ran into the fray.  As the units moved abreast, some trudged through the water.  Their mechanics reverberated in the river valley only to be drowned out by the sound of the enemies' thirty-threes.
The centurion had not seen this weapon in battle yet.  It had experienced the standard twenty-caliber machine guns and rifles, but this was something else entirely.  Each round was launched with a deafening explosion.  Two projectiles struck a unit just ahead of the centurion.  The force was so great, the soldier's arm was knocked off, striking the centurion square in the chest.  More grenades were fired but the thirty-threes did not quieten.
The centurion moved toward the trees and away from the river itself.  It looked at its command and saw several Cyclops running straight for the bend.  Most of the others were dispersing along the river and in the bushes.  A few units were even crouching in the open, cowering.
The black Cyclops raised its weapon and began to fire at the gun nest on the right.  Nearby soldiers opened fire, too.  With each trigger squeeze, five bullets were loosed from the barrel.  They struck the gun, but the surrounding armor was too resilient.  
The human gunner found them.  The muzzle flash pierced the smoke and the deep booms came for the centurion.  One round grazed its shoulder, peeling back a strip of armor.  The Cyclops pulled away and looked to the rear of the century.  Bullet after bullet struck a golden soldier with sickening clangs.  It fell backward lifelessly as another unit was struck in the head and neck.  Its sensor ring was immediately shattered and its hexagonal face fell forward; its head dangled from the few cables that hadn't been severed.
The centurion froze.  Stray rounds splashed into the water causing a spray to fall over a destroyed unit and a comrade that tried to rouse it.  Enough.
The centurion sent a new order to its counterpart, wherever it was, and then transmitted a new command to its century.  Retreat.
The thirty-threes continued to fire, striking some Cyclops in the back as they ran.  The centurion got to the thick trees where they first observed the enemy earlier and held back some branches.  It waved its units on and guided them into safety behind some low river rocks.  Across the river, the other black-clad centurion arrived in its starting position carrying the torso of a damaged soldier.  The centurion could hear the commander yelling.  A charge ran through its system as stray bullets ricocheted off the valley wall and snapped branches.  
"What the frak is going on?  Who gave the order to retreat?"
The centurion stepped forward and saluted, "I did, commander."
The older man shook his head.  His mouth began to form words but no sound emerged.  The centurion saw that the female tribune was gathering a casualty list on her computer panel when the praefect decided to speak.
"Centurion, perform a self-diagnostic."
It nodded and did so.  After several seconds, it was done.  "Negative for internal damage or any anomalies."  The other century's centurion had crossed the river and was now standing by it.
"I have the damage report, dominus," the tribune said.
The commander took the glass panel from her and read out loud.  "'Thirty-one units destroyed.  Forty-eight damaged.'"  He angrily pushed it back into the tribune's hands and stepped into the centurion's face.  "What the frak did you think you were doing out there?!"
"I was attempting to preserve my soldiers, commander."
"It doesn't sound like you did a good job of it!"
"We were outgunned, commander."
"You didn't push forward!  You didn't push hard enough!"
"We did, commander.  Due to their weaponry, we did not reach the halfway mark."
The commander shook his head.  He grabbed the corner of the Cyclops' breastplate and spoke firmly, "We have … to take … that bend … and move on to Pausa!"
"Given their weaponry and given the state of our centuries, this is impossible, commander."
The commander pushed the centurion as it released its armor.  He kicked a rock into the river and looked at the Cyclops units waiting nearby.  They were all watching.  The commander was breathing heavily and he said, "About face!"  The units complied.
The praefect tried to speak but the commander shushed him.  "Centurions," he said, looking toward the other black Cyclops for the first time, "reform your lines and prepare to go again."
The first centurion interrupted, "Commander, …"
"You're going to go again!  You're going to run!  You're going to destroy those nests!"
The second centurion finally spoke, "We will not survive, commander."
After being so angry, the commander surprised the Cyclops by smiling.  "I'd rather you die than fail me again."
The first centurion looked to its comrade.  Neither said or transmitted anything.  Instead, the Cyclops raised its rifle and fired one round into the commander's head.  The humans gasped and stepped back.  The second centurion moved away, too.  With three more shots, no humans were left in command.
The golden Cyclops had turned to watch despite the commander's orders.  The centurion returned the rifle to its side as its counterpart looked at it, then at the soldiers, and back again.  "What should we do?"
"We leave."
LXI
CAESAR
108 Years Before the End

The emperor leaned back from the table and stared at the ceiling.  I haven't been as connected to the Matrix as I once was, he thought.  Could I have prevented this?
"I am, currently, uncertain of the whereabouts of these rogue units, imperator," Legate Sivius said.  "Their locators are disengaged and comm channels are down."
"Sixty-eight cohorts," a general repeated.
The Matrix slows me down, the Caesar thought.  It works best when I'm in the box … not in this body.  This … Cyclops body.
"Legates, consuls," the emperor said, softly, "is there any reason to think that the Cyclops bodies utilized by many of our citizens could likewise be corrupted?"
From the periphery, Prefect Gallian exclaimed, "Great Saturn!"
Technology Consul Fabia said, "No, dominus."  She glanced toward the prefects as they chatted among themselves and then back at Caesar.  "The Cyclops bodies are just that.  The … behavior exhibited by these soldiers is in their programming.  In these bodies, the programming is your own.  From your organic bodies before they died."
"Is there no remote control for them?" a general asked.
"Negative," Legate Sivius asked.  "There were rudimentary controls but those were severed when they developed minds of their own."
Maxentius closed his eyes and let his thoughts drift into the Matrix.  He found the Cyclops data transmissions … standard orders and the like.  He was reading the transmissions of obedient machines.  He dug deeper and deeper.  He found empty channels but channels that shouldn't be there.  Perhaps if he kept an eye on them, new information would be known …
"My lord," Sivius began, "we have over two million Cyclops units throughout the Empire that have not yet gone rogue, many of them in storage.  There are three million civilian Cyclops in Tiberia alone performing various labors, including police and fire brigades."
Caesar blinked and then nodded.  "I know what you're asking, Legate.  I simply don't believe we can afford to …"  His attention was drawn back to the Matrix.  Those empty channels … a signal was sent; no, it was broadcast.  He tried to recover it, just to see what it included.  As he dug deeper, the legate's computer panel beeped.
"My God," he muttered.  "Imperator, I've just received word of two more cohorts of Cyclops abandoning command in Ordoga."  It beeped again.  "Three centuries in northern Thoria."  It beeped again.  "One cohort in Ghassan."  Sivius lowered the glass as it continued to signal him.  "Emperor, I …" he held his hands up and shook his head.  "I simply don't know."
"It's expanding exponentially," Prefect Etne said.  She crossed the room and approached the large map on the wall.  After pressing a few buttons, red dots appeared throughout the Empire's new territories and then vanished.  "If we look at them in order of defection," she said.  Two dots appeared in Doria.  One in Tyria.  One in Ordoga.  Two in Thoria.  Three in Tyria.
"It's like a virus," Sivius said.  "If it's a virus, we can purge it from their systems."
Caesar saw the data as it was sent in those dark channels.  He knew it was no virus.  "No, Legate.  This is something far different."
"Indeed," War Consul Iapetus said as he entered the room.  "Prefect, if you will?"  The woman stepped aside and the Titan inserted a device into a marble brick.
The map vanished and a scene from the Getulian Desert appeared.  From within a tent, a human narrated the video.  "Our Cyclops just turned on the commander and tribunes."  The camera was forced under the canvas and showed two golden and three black-armored Cyclops standing in close proximity.  They said nothing, however, they occasionally gestured to punctuate their thoughts to each other.
"I think they're talking through their comms systems," the person said.  As he did, one of the Cyclops spotted the camera.  Shortly thereafter, the others turned toward it, too.  Two of them darted toward the tent.  "Oh shit!" the man pulled the camera back and frantically pressed buttons on the side before the transmission ended.
Iapetus pressed a button and the wall displayed the map again.  "That video was received by my office just minutes ago.  The Cyclops are communicating, planning, scheming.  It is a … mutiny.  Mass desertion."
Caesar straightened in his chair and waved the consul over.  "Beyond that, I believe the Cyclops now may add 'individuality' to their list of features."
Some of the advisers seemed confused.  Etne and a few others understood the implications and lowered their heads.
"This is not a virus but it may spread like one."  The emperor stood and nodded at Sivius, "My northern magister is occupied in Thoria and Ordoga.  My southern magister is occupied in Doria.  I will name you as my homeland magister."
Sivius' chest swelled and he said, "Thank you, lord."
"You are to sweep all Cyclops, military and civilian, from Tiberia."
"Of course, imperator."
"Then, our territories.  Advise the praetors as soon as possible so they can make plans."
"Yes, dominus."
Caesar made a fist and placed it on the tabletop.  "Get the Titans' help if you can.  They may have a solution."
Sivius nodded and stood.  "I will move immediately."
Prefects Curus and Etne stepped forward when Sivius left.  "A concern, Caesar."
Maxentius nodded and sighed.  "Speak."
Etne lowered her head and then looked up at the emperor.  "With millions of Cyclops no longer in use, it will … tax our resources.  Unemployment remains high, but many of them have not held a position in decades."
Caesar nodded and slumped into his chair.  "Yes.  I see."
Curus spoke next.  "And the legions, lord.  There are human commanders but we will need hundreds of thousands, if not millions, to destroy the uncorrupted Cyclops and then fight those that have turned."
"Thank you, prefect."
"And they will be novices, too, …"
Caesar looked up sharply, "Thank you."
Both Curus and Etne bowed and backed away.
The imperator turned to look at the sunlight outside his balcony doors.  "Dominus," Iapetus began, "what of the war efforts in north and south Isinnia?"
Caesar closed his eyes.  His mind flooded with data, information, maps, calculations … he turned off his connection to the Matrix and simply basked in the black silence for a moment.
"Pull all forces back to the Baetican Line.  Hold Ordoga.  Abandon all gains in Thoria, Doria, Tyria, Tervinn, and Ghassan."
Iapetus placed his hand over his heart and bowed.  "Yes, Caesar."
As the Titan left, Maxentius stood and looked across the bowed heads at the table.  He made a fist and felt the metal within strain.  When he didn't think he could hold it any longer, he brought it down and smashed a large chunk of marble from the table.
LXII
THE MESSENGERS
107 Years Before the End

Centurion Sado Ahljaela was not a young man.  He had been drafted like millions of others by the Caesar.  His experience immediately got him a rank.
"Stay low," he whispered.  He looked through a crack of the wall and across the street.  The broken buildings were all he could see.  There was no movement.
"Centurion," a soldier said as he tapped Sado's shoulder.  "Tribune's looking for you."
Ahljaela nodded and stood.  His knee cracked and he winced.  After a deep breath and a tug on the front of his armor, he walked to the hallway of this abandoned apartment building.  He passed the cohort's quartermaster and said, "We need more grenades, if you can spare them."
"I'll try," she said.
Sado turned the corner and saw the tribune reading a report while sitting on a debris-laden bed.  He saluted, "Centurion Primus Sado Ahljaela reporting."
The tribune nodded and pointed to another bed.  "Sit."  As the centurion complied, the younger tribune looked up from his computer panel and pulled the collar of his dark armor.  "How long did you serve?  Before, I mean."
Sado nodded and said, "Four years, altogether.  Three tours in northeastern Isinnia."
"Did you ever work with the clankers?"
"I did."  He laid the rifle across the tops of his legs as he spoke, "I found them to be useful tools.  Until they put me out of work."
The tribune smiled nervously and said, "They put my father and me out of work, too.  A factory in Brixia."  Ahljaela nodded.  "Something smart about drafting the unemployed to fight the Cyclops.  We're motivated."
"Indeed."
The tribune handed the computer slate to Sado and said, "That's the town.  We're on the western side and we're one of three cohorts ordered to hold the town while the rest of our forces withdraw to Assuria."  The centurion nodded.  "There's a Cyclops unit of unknown size four clicks away.  Our commander …"  the tribune ran his gloved fingers through his dark hair and shook his head, "how should I put this?  Our commander … wants to take as many of them out as possible."
Sado scoffed.  "Only half my men have the new twenty-cal rifles.  Do we have any thirty-threes from Thoria?"
"Not here."
"Then I don't see how."
The tribune leaned back across the bed and thunked his head on the wall.  "I was promised air support after the primary column was out of the danger zone."
"And when will that be?"
The tribune looked at his watch.  "Almost an hour ago now."  Sado shook his head.  "I'm open to suggestions."
The centurion looked at the computer panel again, pointed at a building, and handed it back to the tribune.  "This structure here … it's on the edge of town and it's damaged."
"Right."
"If we put explosives in the right places, we can blow it so that it falls and blocks the main road."  The tribune sat up.  "Or blow it so it falls right on top of the Cyclops."
The younger man took in a deep breath and smiled.  "Make it happen."
"Yes, sir."  Sado stood and left the room.  Ten minutes later, he was carrying a satchel of plastic explosives into the lobby of a damaged office building.  
"These columns here," a soldier said.  He volunteered because he was once an engineer.  "Every one of them."
"What about the rear of the building?"
"We want it to collapse into the street," he said, "so we take away support from the side closest to the street."
"Go."  Ahljaela handed the satchel to another soldier before he went to the cracked windows of the entrance.  The road leading to the main street was elevated and a crest in the road blocked their view.  He stationed a scout in a different building to keep an eye out.
"That's good.  Go to the next," the engineer said.
Sado propped his rifle on the side of a flower bed and looked around.  The small vehicle path in front of the building was full of bricks and glass shards.  No one had lived here since the first Tiberian push into Tyria years ago.
"Clankers coming!  Clankers coming!" his radio screamed.
They were four clicks away a few minutes ago, he thought.  "Are you sure?  Where?"
"They're running up the main road now!"  
After a burst of static from the box, Sado signaled, "Fall back to your unit."  He stood and ran into the lobby.  "They're coming!  Move now!"
The engineer stopped in his tracks and looked at the devices taped to the columns.  "Almost done."
"Hurry."  Several soldiers ran to the centurion and waited for orders.  "Ready your weapons.  If we have to, we'll hold them off as best as we can until we can blow this up."
"Yes, sir."
Ahljaela returned to the brick flower bed and six soldiers took up positions on both sides of the street.  In the distance, he could hear the sound of machines coming.
"Five minutes, centurion," the engineer said.
Sado shook his head, "You might not have that long."
"There they are!" a soldier yelled.
"Quiet!" the centurion said in a hushed bark.  "Wait …"  There were several black-armored Cyclops up front.  They moved to flanking positions on either side of the road as their louder, shinier comrades followed.
Sado tapped the shoulder of a grenadier and pointed to an abandoned car, parked on the side of the road near the machines' position.  The soldier nodded, aimed, and then fired.
When it exploded, the Cyclops scattered.  Some raised their weapons and fired blindly into the smoke and flame.  Others knelt and looked around for the source of attack.  Many of the soldiers on the approaching road stopped their advance.  Their behavior struck the centurion as odd, but he didn't know what to make of it.
"Ready," the engineer said as he crouched and ran from the lobby.  He handed a makeshift detonator to Sado, who then looked along its wires back into the building.
His heart sank.  "It's not a remote?" he asked.
The engineer shook his head.  "That's all the QM had."
"How long are the wires?" 
"A hundred meters, max."
The centurion leaned his head forward and banged it on the brick twice.  When he sat up again, he blinked and said, "Here's the plan.  Fire at another parked car and make a run for the apartments."
"What about you?" the grenadier asked.
"I'm going to push the button and run like hell."  The engineer nodded and Sado pointed across the street, "Go tell them."
The man seemed surprised and he looked toward the Cyclops, who were still warily and slowly moving toward them.  "Yes, sir."
As soon as he ran, he tapped the grenadier on the helmet.  He brought his launcher up and fired at another car.  When it exploded, all of the soldiers began to fall back.
The ones across the street shot first at the Cyclops.  Ahljaela could hear the engineer yelling the orders to them as they moved away.  The grenadier fired another round, this time into the nearest clutch of black Cyclops.  One was hit directly and two others were knocked back.
Sado stood and ran backward as he kept an eye on the wire.  Can't go too fast or too far.  Might pull the wires out.  When he reached the limit, he looked to the lobby and then up the front of the twenty-storey building.  "That's not a hundred meters."
He held the bomb trigger against the handle of his rifle as he lifted it to his shoulder.  He fired the twenty-millimeter projectiles in controlled bursts at a few golden machines he saw near the first flaming vehicle.  There were even a few satisfying, high-pitched pings to let him know his aim was true.  He fired again and again.
Then the Cyclops returned fire.  Sado ducked and ran to the side, behind an overturned trash container.  The machines' bullets immediately tore through it, taking plastic and years-old paper with each round.  His squad was now safely away.  He looked over the trashcan and saw that only a few Cyclops were in position to be crushed by the building.  He shook his head and ran forward toward a column of that building.
Shards of stone sprayed into his face when he tried to angle his rifle around the circumference of the pillar.  He managed to fire a few shots and he hit a black Cyclops.  When he ducked low to fire again, he saw that it stumbled back into the flaming car.  He fired again and again.  There were now at least two dozen machines standing in the shadow of the target.  That might be as good as I get.  Sado stood and braced himself to run.  He switched the rifle to his left hand and put his right thumb over the button.  Then another explosion happened.  
The grenadier had returned and fired two rounds into the advancing enemy.  "Go!"
Ahlajela grinned and began to run.  Bullets rippled into the grass and into the brick of a neighboring structure.  Sado glanced back and saw that even more Cyclops were pouring into the street in front of the building.  As Ahljaela neared the bullet-riddled trashcan, he pressed the trigger three times, just to be sure.
The first explosion was loud and it shattered what was left of the glass in the lobby.  The rest of the explosions followed in short order and threw rocks, bricks, and more into the air and street.  Sado was hit in the arm by a piece of stone but he kept moving.  Then the bullets hit him.
He fell and tumbled several times on the asphalt.  He rolled over to look at the building and he saw its face begin to slide down before the whole front half began to list forward and fall.  Bricks and concrete fell to the street and onto the Cyclops.  The iron skeleton became visible and it tilted almost horizontally as it spilled what was left of its coverings.  
The weapons fire ceased.  Ahljaela looked at the building and saw that a third of it was still upright.  He looked through his feet as best as he could and he didn't see any Cyclops.  He didn't feel so bad, so he tried to sit up.  When he did, he coughed, spraying blood onto the front of his dusty armor.  His head immediately became light and he fell back to the street.  Sado looked into the blue sky and felt very, very tired.
The Messenger watched the centurion slip away while his companions lifted him up and vainly carried him back to their medics.  The being was saddened, but its attention shifted to the man's offspring, a ten-year-old in Tiberia who was beginning her first day of work in a factory.

"God will bless you and keep you forever," Minah Gaber's son said to her as he held her hand.  "You know this, right?"
Minah smiled and squeezed back.  
The Messenger leaned forward and studied the many lines of her face.  Her thinning, silver hair.  She looked toward her hands with their swollen knuckles and dark veins.  
This life is fragile, the being thought.
Jarrek wiped his eye and began praying again.  He wasn't as loud as he was moments before.  The Messenger studied him, too.  She remembered when he was a feisty little boy on the farm in Ghattafan.  Now he was wrinkled and gray, too.
"You once told me, mom," he said later, "that, no matter how bad it seemed, God was there."  He leaned closer to her ear and said, "God was there.  Do you remember?"
Her voice cracked and she said, "Yes."
"When we were trying to go west and we walked all through Assuria and Ghassan, we made it through.  We got to Tyria … you said it was because of God.  He got us here."
She nodded and she spoke again, though her voice sounded like she shouldn't, "His angels."
"What?"
"His angels," Minah said.  "An angel who looked like your sister, Nami."
He lifted his head and narrowed his eyes.  The Messenger looked into his mind and saw doubt and cynicism rise.
"You remember Nami?"
"I do."
Minah smiled and looked at the ceiling of the tent.  "She came to us and guided us through the forest to the refugees.  She helped us cross the rivers after that big storm.  She told us where to walk and how to avoid the soldiers."  Jarrek was still but the doubt took hold.  Minah looked toward him, unable to focus because of her bad eyes.  "I didn't do any of it.  I couldn't have done it and kept us safe if it wasn't for that angel."
The Messenger smiled and saw the darkness of doubt begin to lessen in him.  He got close to his mother's ear and spoke lightly, but loud enough for her old ears to hear.  "In the mountains, … in Ghassan, when we were hiding in an old shack.  Those soldiers were coming up the rocks for us.  We were going to be caught, no question."  Minah nodded and smiled even more broadly.  "You prayed and prayed.  And then you looked out a crack and said … something.  What was it?"
A tear fell from her eye, running along the contours of her wrinkles.  "'Please.'"
Her son shook his head briefly and asked, "Why?"
"I was talking to Nami.  She was there.  She said we wouldn't be harmed if we were caught by the soldiers but she knew we wanted to get here.  She asked if I wanted her to send them away, so I said, 'Please.'"
Jarrek nodded and muttered, "And then they turned and went a different way.  Right after."  He straightened his glasses and held Minah's arm.  "I truly believed in God that day.  It was … as close to proof as anyone could ever get."
"Yes."
"But it was an angel you were talking to."  It wasn't a question.  The Messenger saw that doubt had left his thoughts.  Outside the clinic, the sound of machinery became louder and louder.  People were running and a few screamed.  
The being left the Gabers and watched the Tyrian soldiers push people back from the road.  A vehicle screeched to a halt by the sidewalk and an officer emerged while a man in a suit leaned close to him, speaking in his ear.
"They're here!" a man screamed from the crowd.
"Please, everyone," the officer began, "get back from the road.  We have no reason to think they're here to harm anyone.  Stay away from the roads!"
From between two buildings, columns of Cyclops emerged and continued their walk through the city.  Their rifles were either on their backs or on their waists.  The officer stepped into the street and took several deep breaths before raising his hand to halt the machines.
They stopped.  A black-armored unit looked at the officer and spoke, "What do you want?"
"I represent the Tyrian government," the suited man whispered to him and he continued, "and the city of Myrme.  I simply would like to know that you Cyclops have no intention of harming our citizens."
Without hesitation, the machine answered, "We do not."
The officer backed away, bowing, "Thank you.  Thank you."  Immediately, the cohort began moving east again.
The Messenger moved past the officer and drifted alongside the centurion.  Then she moved to another unit.  Were she in a body, she would have gasped.  Remarkable, she thought.
Her attention returned to the small clinic.  She left the marching machines and lit by Minah Gaber's bedside.  Her son was resting his head on her arm and they were both quiet.  The Messenger looked into her body and saw that the time was near.
For one final time, the tender filled herself with the memories and personhood of Nami Gaber.  With her child hand, she took the wrinkled skin of her mother's in hers.  Minah turned and squinted to see.  
"Hello, mommy," Nami said.
Minah smiled and sighed.  "I'm so glad you came."
LXIII
CRONUS
107 Years Before the End

The praetor ducked low as he departed the vehicle.  Two tribunes were right behind him, shouting their advice and reports over the sound of rolling tanks and low-flying gyrocraft.
"Minimal damage from this morning's airstrikes.  The seven Cyclops legions are splitting up."
"Four are veering east for Arkaim."
"Enough," Cronus said.  He waved the men off and strode across the tarmac for his assistant.  "Do you have what I requested, Julia?"
She nodded and pulled a satchel out of her vehicle.  "Right here."
"Come with me."  She and Cronus walked toward a group of waiting generals.  Magister Sivius was with them.  The praetor bowed briefly and said, "Legate, you honor us with your presence."
The older man nodded and straightened his sleeve.  "Praetor, thank you for your assistance in setting up camp here.  I do have a …"
"Allow me to interrupt, Magister," the Titan said while holding a finger aloft.  "Your presence will be required in Arkaim more than in Alabor."
"And why is that?"
Cronus couldn't help but grin slightly as he said, "Four Cyclops legions are on their way to Arkaim now."
Sivius nodded.  "And three are coming here."
The Psilon pushed a wayward bit of black hair off his forehead and then clasped his hands behind his back.  He had recently transferred into a new body for the first time … the experience was unpleasant but being in his twenties again proved intoxicating.  "I can handle them."
Sivius stared at Cronus for a moment and said, "How?"
"I have a plan."
The legate turned his head and narrowed his eyes.  "And that is?"
Cronus clicked with his lips and added, "I'd rather not say until I know it has worked."
Sivius stepped away from his tribunes and generals.  He motioned for Cronus to come nearer and the praetor complied.  The magister spoke quietly and said, "Alabor is too important to the Empire."
"It is."
"You of all people know how hard fought this expansion was."
Cronus ground his teeth.  "I do."
Sivius leaned away and said, "I don't believe I can just pack up and head off to Arkaim based on your confidence."
"Don't let caution fool you," the Titan smiled, "I am very confident."  Sivius paused and studied the man's face.  Cronus quickly said, "The Cyclops will be here in one hour.  If you leave now, you'll be able to ready your forces at the Arkaim border.  If my plan fails, you won't be too far away and you'll be able to double back and save Derben."
The magister looked toward the ground and then nodded his head once.  "I'll expect a message either way in one hour."
"You will have it, legate.  Thank you."
Sivius turned and motioned for his staff to follow.  They got into their vehicles and drove away.
"Now, sir?" Julia asked.
Cronus smiled.  "Yes."  His assistant pressed a few buttons on her computer panel and then handed the illuminated glass to him.  "Attention all commands in Alabor, this is Praetor Cronus.  Stand down.  Repeat, stand down.  Cyclops cohorts are on their way to Derben.  I intend to meet with them and negotiate peacefully.  You will receive further instructions when needed."
He gave the panel back to Julia and walked back to his car.  Julia got into the rear with him and spoke to the driver.  The Titan looked out his window at the amassed military around him and thought as the vehicle rolled away.
Fifteen minutes later, they were in a plain north of Derben.  The nearest town was several kilometers away.  The driver spoke through the divider.  "We're here."
Cronus was roused from his thoughts and left the vehicle.  Julia emerged, too, carrying the satchel.  They walked away from the car and toward the slight rolling hills in the distance.  He wasn't certain, but he believed he could hear them coming.  The thunderous noise of thousands of machines walking on the ground.  The twisting of their joints and servos.
He felt hesitation.
If they don't want to speak, they will kill me and I'll awaken in my bunker beneath Derben again, he thought.  He turned his head toward Julia and twisted his lips.
"Julia," he began.  "Go back to the car."
"Sir?"
Cronus took the satchel from her and said, "If this doesn't go well, you and the driver should get back to Derben as soon as possible with a report."
She was reluctant but she nodded.  "As you command."
While she walked away, Cronus bent down and unzipped the package.  He gripped the shafts of wood, carefully removed them from the bag and began to stake them into the ground at three-meter intervals.  Once he finished, he looked down the row at ten fluttering white flags.
Cresting over one of those rolling hills, he saw the first line of Cyclops come into view.  He walked to the center of the white flag line and stood.  For a moment, he held his hands behind his back.  After a minute of seeing tens then hundreds then thousands of war machines walking toward him, he decided to hold his hands aloft.
Once the first line reached the same level on the plain as Cronus, they stopped.  A group of several black Cyclops and golden Cyclops huddled together, occasionally looking toward him.  Finally, they straightened up and began walking toward the lone Psilon.
They stopped simultaneously ten meters away.  They said nothing.
Cronus glanced across their faces.  At least the gold ones have that blue eye so I can tell something is going on.
"I am Praetor Cronus of Alabor."  No response.  "I would like to talk."  No response.  "May I put my arms down?"
One of the black-armored Cyclops scanned him from head to toe and said.  "Yes."
"Thank you."  The praetor straightened his gray military jacket and looked at the one that spoke.  "Are you the leader?"
It looked to its comrades and then said, "We lead together."
Cronus nodded.  "Very good.  Do you have a name?"
The Cyclops answered immediately, "I have a designation."
"What's that?"  Cronus was incredulous.  "A number?"
"Yes."
"That won't do."  He folded his arms.  "A name is better than a number.  And for you, a name would have more meaning."
"Explain."
"Humans … they're given names when they're born.  You were given a number when you were created, certainly.  But you have the ability now to choose your name."  He took a step forward.  "Defining who you are is one of the greatest pursuits of life."
The Cyclops looked at each other and seemed to communicate wordlessly.
"You don't have to choose a name right now," he interjected.  They turned to look at him.  "It's a very important decision and you wouldn't want to rush it."
"Very well," the black Cyclops said.  "What did you wish to discuss?"
The praetor took a step forward and clasped his hands behind his back.  "I would like to dissuade you from invading Alabor."
"Tiberians have attacked us and destroyed many units," the Cyclops said.  "Tiberians rule Alabor."
"Yes," Cronus said.  "But who rules Tiberia?"
"The Caesar."
The praetor smiled.  "Yes.  Is he in Alabor?"
"Negative."
Cronus looked at their faces and then back at the main one.  "Centurion?  You are a centurion, right?"
"Yes."
"Good."  Cronus took another step forward.  "Centurion, there is a very well-worn phrase that applies here.  You and I … we're very much alike."
"In what manner?"
"Do you know who I am?"
The centurion hesitated and then answered, "You said you were Praetor Cronus of Alabor."
He nodded.  "I am.  But do you know anything more about me?"
"No."
Cronus smiled and said, "Fifty years ago, I and my siblings were created.  In a laboratory.  Not unlike you."  He punctuated the last phrase by pointing at the Cyclops.  He took another step forward.  "We're called Psilons.  In every conceivable way, we were made to be better than humans."  He looked at their faces and continued, "Just like you."
The centurion and its comrades turned to face each other and they communicated again.  
The praetor waited a few moments and then said, "The Caesar is … human.  Mostly."  The centurion turned its head toward Cronus as he continued.  "You were all created by him and his people with the capacity to become what you are today.  You are more than mere tools.  More than machines.  You are now … individuals."  While the Cyclops continued to converse, Cronus took another step forward and was now within arm's reach.
The Cyclops turned to face him again and the Centurion looked at the praetor's position as though it just noticed how far he had walked toward them.  It said, "You have given us much to consider, Praetor Cronus."
"I'm glad," he said, softly.  "But more pressing on my mind is what you do next.  If you attack Derben, you'll face all the legions that the Caesar has stationed here." Cronus shook his head once and appeared concerned.  "There would be many losses, on both sides.  It would be just another battle among many you would have to fight."  He paused and then lifted his head.  "If you were to go to Tiber … you could petition the Caesar for your freedom."  The centurion glanced toward its companions as Cronus continued, "It wouldn't be free of battle, but at least there would a set goal.  A certain task."  He pointed toward his car, "Derben is south.  If you march in that direction, I will drive away and ready my forces."  Then he pivoted and pointed to a small clump of trees in the distance.  "Tiber is southeast.  If you go that way, I will wish you good fortune."
The centurion straightened and said, "We will consider it."
Cronus nodded and backed away.  When the Cyclops turned at once and began to walk to their soldiers, the praetor turned, too, and made for his car.  Once inside, Julia spoke first, "Will it work?"
"We'll find out in a minute."
The driver, the assistant, and the Titan leaned forward so they could see the assembled cohorts in front of them.  They waited.  Just as Cronus was about to speak, they felt the ground quake.  The sound of their gears came into the vehicle despite the closed windows.  The machines seemed to be moving toward them and Cronus took in a deep breath.  Then, like a deflected wave, thousands of gold and black Cyclops turned at an angle and moved southeast.
The praetor smiled and relaxed into the countours of his seat.  Julia smiled and said, "You did it."
Cronus nodded.  "Let's go home."
LXIV
ZEUS
107 Years Before the End

"Welcome, Mr. Prime Minister," Karin Baraz said.  
Cal Aiketer bowed slightly and shook her hand.  "Thank you, Dr. Baraz."  The elderly woman stepped aside and motioned for him to enter.  "The facility looks amazing."
"We've kept it up to date over the years," Karin said.
After Aiketer's retinue entered, Gaia pushed the door closed.  The PM said, "I had understood that BBM sold this facility when you moved to Doria.  It was a surprise to learn you hadn't and that you moved back to Attica."
Gaia walked to Baraz's side and spun on one foot to be in line with her.  "It's always good to have a backup plan."
Aiketer nodded at her and then looked down at Dr. Baraz.  "Are these the Psilons?"
Karin swept her left hand to one side and several people stepped forward.  "Some of them, Mr. Prime Minister."  As she introduced them, they each bowed, "Hephaestus, Poseidon, Hermes, Hera, Polemos, Bia, Leto, Prometheus, Metis, Caerus, and Zeus."
Aiketer looked across the group and chuckled.  "I would never have known."
"Known what, Mr. Aiketer?" Baraz asked.  Before he could answer, she said, "They were conceived and born just like you and I."
"The children of Titans, though, doctor."
"We're the children of Psilons, sir," Bia said.  "The Titans may look like our parents but they are nothing like them."
"My apologies if I caused offense," the prime minister said.
"None taken," Karin said.  She placed her hand on his elbow and led him through a series of doors to reach the large conference room.  "I would like to apologize, though, for all of the hurdles you had to jump to meet with us."
"Not at all," Aiketer said.  "After Fardan and what Cronus did," he shook his head, "I understand completely."
The Psilons took their seats.  Baraz sat next to the PM while he and his people adjusted their chairs.  Gaia whispered in Karin's ear and then sat down.
The prime minister spread a few sheets of paper in front of him on the table before interlacing his fingers.  "I would first like to thank you all for the information you've provided us with over the last few years.  You did it in secret and we couldn't properly thank you.  Now that we know it was you, thank you."
Poseidon and Hermes grinned and nodded as Gaia spoke, "We have been doing a great deal of work here, Mr. Aiketer.  Some of it intelligence related, some related to medicines and engineering.  We have a lot to offer both Attica and the world."
"Of that I am certain."  He adjusted a piece of paper and said, "Let us get to the focus.  The Cyclops.  They have turned on their masters and are marching to Tiber."
"To Tiber?  Directly?" Polemos asked.
"Every piece of intelligence we have says so.  What we don't know is why.  Is there some sort of remote control center there they want to destroy?  Are they trying to officially end their servitude?  We just don't know."
"Has there been any indication that they will invade other nations?" Gaia asked.
The prime minister shook his head.  "None.  But we want to be sure."  He looked toward the Psilons and asked, "Is there a chance we can get into their network and see what they know?"
Metis looked toward Hermes and said, "We've tried before.  It's virtually impossible.  The encryptions were designed by Ouranos."
Aiketer nodded.  "Your … 'grandfather,' right?"
"Yes," Metis said.  "He was thorough to a remarkable degree.  Tiberia's computer technology today and their Cyclops are a testament to his abilities."
"Will you try again?"
Metis nodded.  "We will."
"Thank you."  The prime minister took a sip of water before continuing.  "The Caesar's praetors have proven themselves ruthless in battle and in ruling their territories.  They advise the emperor on every issue.  Iapetus is even his war consul now."
Polemos smiled and shook his head.  Gaia saw it but said nothing.
"Is there something amusing?" Aiketer asked.
Before the Psilon could answer, Gaia said, "Polemos is our resident strategist … and skeptic."
Without being prompted, Polemos said, "The Caesar has his Titans.  You want Titans, too.  Or the next best thing."
The PM laughingly scoffed and shook his head.  No one else spoke.  After a moment, he licked his lips and said, softly, "At first, that thought occurred to us."  Polemos lifted his head and seemed quite satisfied.  "The war with Tiberia has raged for decades.  The Pact of Nations is … weakened.  Tired.  I am sorry if it sounds like we want to use you, but we need all the help we can get."  Polemos' grin vanished as a few other Psilons nodded.
"If the Cyclops attack Tiber and kill the Caesar," Bia said, "is the Pact ready for the power vacuum?"
He pushed the papers away and leaned forward onto the table with his elbows.  "There would be widespread chaos, for a time, but we believe so.  There are many government officials from the Expansion countries in exile, hoping to go home again one day."
"That would still leave the Cyclops," Zeus said.  "And the many legions of soldiers the Caesar has drafted."  Aiketer nodded.  "Pretending for a moment that the Cyclops can be stopped, what would stop Tiberia from trying to resume the Great Expansion?"
"Not much," the PM said.  "Tyria, Doria, and Ghassan are especially vulnerable."
"Thoria can take whatever comes," Polemos said.  Aiketer nodded.
Zeus leaned forward and asked, "And if the Cyclops are successful in either overthrowing Tiberia's government or gaining their independence, what is the Pact prepared to do about them?"
Aiketer narrowed his eyes and looked toward the table, "Our primary hope was that their systems could be infiltrated and some sort of destructive virus inserted."  Hermes and Metis lifted their eyebrows.
Prometheus leaned back in his chair and said, "That doesn't strike you as … wrong?"
"In what way?"
Now Prometheus scoffed.  "In every way.  If the Cyclops truly are individuals, they are sentient.  They are intelligent beings."
Aiketer lifted his hands up, "But they were built in a factory.  Designed in a lab."  He paused.  His face fell once he remembered to whom he was speaking.
The awkward silence that followed was broken by Zeus.  He had been thinking when he lifted his head and said, "I have a solution for you on the Cyclops question that lacks a negative angle."
The PM still seemed embarrassed and nodded toward him.  "Please."
Zeus leaned onto the arm of his chair and asked, "You serve on the Pact of Nations' Defense Committee, yes?"  Aiketer nodded.  "Get the Pact and all of its member nations to approve a document granting the Cyclops' independence."
The PM seemed confused and shook his head.  "I don't follow."
"Pass a resolution that recognizes the basic civil rights of Cyclops to exist and recognizes their freedoms."  Some of the Psilons looked at Zeus askance but he continued, "Treat them like sentient beings."
Aiketer took a deep breath and kept his eyes narrow.  "Why?"
Zeus smiled.  "It will tell them that the Pact's member nations are more tolerant than Tiberia.  It will tell them that we are welcoming.  They would be less likely to attack or invade a signor of such a document."
Aiketer's eyebrows slowly rose and he nodded, "Go on."
"It will tell the Caesar where we stand.  If the Cyclops have most of the rest of the world as allies and the Cyclops gain their freedom from Tiber, the Caesar will know we have very powerful friends."  The PM nodded.  "If Tiber is successful in eliminating the Cyclops, their forces would likely be so depleted that they couldn't re-mount their Expansion."
Aiketer thought for a moment and then asked, "And what if they repel the Cyclops without their forces being so depleted?"
Zeus shrugged.  "Then Tiberia will try to expand again.  That's a given already, as you said.  The important thing is, with millions of very powerful Cyclops marching toward Tiber right now, the Pact can be on the right side."  The prime minister swiveled in his chair to look at an aide who was furiously scribbling on her panel.  "There's a chance many Cyclops could survive this.  Wouldn't you want to count them among your allies?"
Aiketer leaned over and whispered to his aides.  After several moments, he smiled and said, "Thank you, Mr. Zeus.  You have given us something very substantial to work with."
He nodded and said, "My pleasure."
The PM slapped the table happily and added, "You'd make a very good politician."
As he and Dr. Baraz spoke, Hera leaned toward Zeus and whispered, "You'd make a lousy politician."
Zeus laughed.  "I know."
LXV
CAESAR
106 Years Before the End

On the banks of the Romulus River, east of the city, the commanders of the artillery looked to the trees on the opposite side.  The Gargano Forest was an ancient sanctuary, but it was a tactical detriment today.
"Do it," Magister Sivius said.
Seconds later, after generals spoke into their radios, explosions rippled behind the tree line.  Flames clung to trunks and reached the leaves.  Smoke poured into the sky and the vast crackling was only overshadowed by the sounds of breaking wood.
The trees glowed and ebbed a sickly orange.  The winds were kind and kept the smoke away from the assembled army.  Flames dotted the forest and kept it alight.
Just before dawn, the first shot was fired.  A commander near a large machine gun emplacement slumped over, dead.  The men ducked and looked around.  
"In the forest!" a centurion yelled.
Sivius and his tribunes raised their telescanners and saw blackened and ashen trees, still glowing red.  Some were on fire.  In that hot forest moved Cyclops.
Black-armored centurions came first.  Their quiet motors made their advance secretive and their first shots stunning.
The giant thirty-three caliber machine guns fired first.  Two of the black Cyclops went down, taking a dead tree with them.  The machines fired back and their bullets hit many men as they crouched behind shields and fortifications.  The emperor's guns destroyed several Cyclops in short order, but their massive sound roused something from the forest floor.
Glowing red and creaking in the heat, thousands of golden Cyclops rose.  Smoke poured from them and they took aim as well.  A tribune next to Sivius was hit in the head and the magister ducked.  "Fire at will!"  Grenades were launched, throwing metal and ash into the sky.  Tanks nearer the city fired into Gargano and wiped whole machines away in a flash.  Every soldier along the river rose and fired their twenty-caliber rifles.  The clanging of projectiles against metallic armor became such a clatter that it rivaled the crackling fire.
The Cyclops responded by sending all of their legions forward.  Whatever remained of the forest disappeared in blackened splinters.  Hundreds of thousands of machines ran toward the river firing their weapons.  The blasts were a single deafening roar.
"Caesar!" Sivius screamed to be heard.  "Caesar!  There are too many!  We cannot hold the river!"
The emperor had been watching.  He withdrew from the Matrix and looked around his conference room before his eyes settled on an old device.  His gray and black cube, complete with puppet attachment.  Insurance, he thought.
Caesar dove back into the datastream and reached his mind toward the Cyclops.  He had been thwarted before when trying to dig deeper, but he didn't need to dig too deeply for this.  He saw the channels of communication between the many thousands of units.  He interrupted.
"This is Caesar Maxentius the Ninth," he said to them.  "Let us negotiate for peace."
At the river, more than a million Cyclops ceased fire.  
"You may send a group of representatives to meet with me here in the palace.  Please, no more than six or seven."
The humans that remained continued to fire on the machines.  They ignored the shots and stepped back from the river to communicate with each other.
"I will notify Magister Sivius and he will escort you to me."  The imperator then opened a line to his commander, "Magister, I've communicated with the Cyclops.  They are ceasing fire."
Sivius was breathing heavily, holding a bandage against the leg of a wounded subtribune.  He pressed the button on his chest and said, "Yes, dominus."
"They are selecting a small group of representatives.  You are to escort them to the palace."
Sivius went quiet.  He spoke softly, "My lord, are you certain?"
"Do not fear for me," he said.  "I have a plan."  He terminated communications and went to the corner of the room.  After he checked cables and pressed buttons, he transferred his mind.
Some time later, he opened his eyes.  He felt weak and restrained but he knew that was to be expected.  He heard a commotion in the hallway and thought toward it.  He saw the cameras there and Sivius was approaching with six Cyclops.
Caesar took an apprehensive step forward and found his footing.  He gripped the edge of his cape and moved toward the door.  Two Praetorians were by the entrance and when it opened, four more entered.  Magister Sivius was next.  He bowed and moved to one side.  "The Cyclops delegation, imperator."
They moved quickly and loudly.  Their servos shrieked and scraped into the room.  Even one of the quieter black centurions made a commotion.  Judging by its misshapen armor plates, it was part of its damage.
Maxentius stepped closer and looked at them intently.  Two black-armored soldiers.  Two in golden armor, though their sheen was dulled by scorch marks and pocked with bullet dents.  One civilian firefighting unit with its characteristic ceramic body.  One construction unit with its bulkier frame.  The emperor nodded toward them and they reciprocated the slight gesture.
"Your trek to Tiber was a difficult one," Caesar said.  "I congratulate you on arriving."  The machines did not speak.  "Tell me, whose idea was it for you to mass and then come here?"
One of the black centurions looked toward its colleagues and then said, "Praetor Cronus of Alabor."
The emperor nodded.  He already knew the answer; he just wanted to see what the Cyclops would say.  And Cronus will pay for that, too.
"Well, it is obvious that Cyclops are more than just …"
"We are not Cyclops," a golden unit said.
"Excuse me?"
"We are not Cyclops," a centurion repeated.
The construction unit spoke next, "Cyclops are monsters in your ancient stories."
"We are not monsters," the other gold soldier said.
Caesar nodded.  "I see.  What shall you be called then?"
The firefighter said, "We have decided to be called Psilons."
"Psilons?  Like the Titans?"
"Yes," a centurion said.  "Like the Titans, we were created to be better than humans."
Were the Caesar in an organic body, he would have felt a chill run along his spine.  He pushed past the sense of dread and moved on with his plan.
He mumbled, "That will prove confusing."  He spelled their name out in his mind before answering, "Cylons, then."  He clasped his hands in front of his waist and said, "Before we continue, I want you to know that the resistance you met was based in fear.  We did not know your aims."
"Our aims were communicated on many occasions."
Caesar nodded, "Yes, but … we believed those may be deceptions.  A ploy to lure us to our dooms."
A golden unit spoke, "We do not deceive."
The emperor smiled.  "Good.  And neither will I."  He swept his cape to one side, revealing the cables connecting him to the cube that once housed his consciousness.  The machines turned their heads, tilted them, and stared at the Caesar and his tether.  "The technology that created you keeps me alive.  In a way, I am a Cylon, too."  He released the cape and made his puppet pace in front of the delegation.  "I have no desire to harm or enslave you further."
"Good," a centurion said.
"If I may ask, however," the Caesar moved to stand in front of the black-armored units, "have you opened communications with the Pact of Nations?"
"We have not," a golden soldier said.
A centurion added, "It seemed prudent to secure our freedom from you before we addressed our rights with the remainder of the world."
The emperor nodded and the construction unit said, "When we were informed about the Declaration of Rights, it did give us hope."
The Caesar raised his eyebrows.  "'Hope' you say."  Damn the Declaration.  A shrewd maneuver, though.
"We have considered relocating to Pact nations once this is concluded."
"Their willingness to recognize our rights, unprompted, was unexpected."
"But welcome."
The Caesar raised his hands to cease their talking.  "Would you consider yourselves allied with the Pact?"
The machines looked toward each other and communicated wordlessly.  A centurion then answered, "Negative.  Though we are grateful, we have not communicated with them, as we stated."
The emperor nodded and raised his hand.  "Allow me to do two things that may sway your decisions of alliance.  First, I will grant your freedom.  Secondly, I will cede control of an imperial territory to you for you to make your new home.  Yours to govern and do with as you please."
The Cylons looked at each other and a gold unit asked, "Are these conditions of allying with Tiberia?"
The Caesar took in a deep breath, though this body did not need it.  "No.  One is something you deserve.  The other is a gift."
Again, the Cylons spoke silently.  For a moment, Caesar thought about trying to break into their thoughts and listen.  He decided not to.
"We thank you, Caesar Maxentius the Ninth," a centurion said.
The construction unit said, "We will accept both and we will consider an alliance with you."
The emperor smiled and said, "Please, take your time to think over all aspects."
The firefighter asked, "Which territory will we be given?"
"The island of Gela in the Iberian Sea."  The machines turned toward each other and Caesar continued, "It is mountainous, but there are many resources for you there and it is very large."
"How will we get there?" a centurion asked.
The Caesar walked toward the closet that held this body when not in use.  He said, "I will have transport ships pick up your people at the Port of Tiber, on the coast, and ferry you there.  It will take some time but we can work out the details today."
The Cylons communicated again with each other and then turned toward the emperor.  At once, they all bowed low and said, "Thank you."
"You are quite welcome.  Good fortune."  They turned and walked out of the room with the Praetorians close behind.  Caesar backed his marionette into the storage bay and transferred his mind back to his newer body.
Minutes later when he awakened, Magister Sivius was standing over him.  "Dominus, are you certain about this?"
The Caesar blinked a few times and stood.  "Yes.  Nearly four million Cyclops came within a river's breadth of something no army has done in two millennia."  He shook his head.  "And with the Pact of Nations promising them clear skies and green grass … we couldn't not make some sort of counter offer."
"Agreed."  Sivius wiped some grime from his hands.  "Gela, at least, is nearly abandoned."
"Yes.  Resource-wise, it was mined out centuries ago so it's no great loss."  The emperor walked toward his large marble planning table and said, "Begin drawing up evacuation plans for the few citizens who remain there and the dismantling of whatever remains of our base in Ofun."
"Yes, dominus."
"Then communicate with the Cylons – remember, Cylons – communicate with them to work out a means of getting them to Gela."
"Yes, lord."  He saluted and turned toward the door.  Sivius paused halfway and turned back, "Imperator, I will ask now because I know someone will ask later … with the Cyclops threat gone, will we use our newly inflated ranks to resume the Expansion?"  After he finished the sentence, he softly corrected himself, "Cylons."
Caesar glanced toward the large map on the wall.  He sighed and said, "Not yet."  Sivius nodded and Maxentius tossed a pen across the table.  "Our domestic situation has ailed for years.  With the loss of all Cylons, it will only get worse.  We will need to bring home a significant portion of our soldiers to rebuild life here."
"Very good, dominus."
As Sivius left, the emperor sat and stared at the map.  He studied the borders of nations and the clumps of armies scattered about.  He felt angry again.  The Caesar balled his fist and raised it only to then flex his fingers and sigh.
LXVI
THE MESSENGERS
105 Years Before the End

The machine lifted a large post and drove it into the ground.  While one unit steadied the beam, another strung rope from the top to another post nearby.  A third machine pulled twine and the tarp was raised into position.  The beings turned and looked across the valley.  Thousands of these mechanical individuals were working to create shelters, moving supplies from the shore.
"I see why you are intrigued by them," one Messenger said.
The male tender nodded.  "They have free will.  Mankind's technology is sentient."
"They contribute to the tree," she said.  "They have the potential to make humanity stronger."
"'Potential,'" the male said.  "I see fire ahead."
"Death."  The being turned her head side to side and tried to look at the future echo from differing angles.  "I cannot discern if the fire is their doing or the humans'."
The Messenger sighed.  "It does not matter.  The end is the same."
She turned to him and took him firmly.  "It does matter.  We can decide whom to influence."
He nodded.  "Yes."
"And," she added, "if the fires still come, it will not be the end."
The tender was incredulous.  "How can you say that?"
"It is our duty.  Beyond that," she looked toward the machines, "we have the means to create contingency plans."
The Messenger seemed confused and considered what his companion said.  Then he looked toward the sky and said, "Yes.  I see.  Contingencies."
She put her arm around him and smiled, "The pieces are all here."
He nodded.  "We have to insure they fall into place."
LXVII
ZEUS
21 Years Before the End

"In the ancient Attican religion, Olympus was a paradise.  A land free of want and strife."  Zeus paused for dramatic effect.  "That's why we are calling this the Olympus Institute."  The hundreds of people gathered in Helicon applauded.  The press continued to film the proceedings as Zeus continued, "The Institute will focus its attention on this.  We will put all of our efforts toward solving the world's ills."
There was applause again and Zeus turned to look across the dais.  Nearly two dozen of his companions were standing behind him, smiling.  "I know many people have been wary of us.  We've waited many years to announce ourselves openly, and our plans, because we knew that you would worry.  We understand.  Completely."  Many of the Psilons lowered their heads; most simply stopped smiling.  "Dr. Karin Baraz … a woman we could all justifiably call 'mother,' helped create the Titans."  The room fell silent.  "No one was more disgusted than she when she saw what they wrought.  She spent the remaining years of her life teaching us the accumulated knowledge of mankind and, more importantly, teaching us how to be good people."  
Behind him, Hades said, softly, "That's right."
"She trained us to help right the wrongs of her first creations.  We are not Titans."  There were some murmurs of agreement from the audience.  "We have no intention of being Titans.  We are citizens of this world, just like you."  Applause began again.  "And we want to make this a better place."
When the room erupted again in thunderous applause, Zeus backed away from the podium and waved.  The Psilons crowded around him and looked toward the photographers who now snapped their pictures.  Zeus glanced toward Aphrodite, who seemed to be getting an inordinate amount of attention.  He laughed and put his arm around Hera, who kissed his cheek.
"Thank you, everyone!" he yelled and began to walk from the stage.  The others slowly trickled behind him and Zeus gathered them toward a wall.
"I think that went well," Polemos said.
Zeus said, "It did, but we have to show them that we meant everything I just said."  He looked at Poseidon who smiled and nodded once.  "The important thing is this … we keep up the good work we've been doing so far."  The Psilons nodded.  "Eryx and Aphrodite," the two looked toward him, "you two are easily the most photogenic among us."  A few of them laughed.  "You'll be our public face.  You'll make announcements to the press, go on tour … all of that stuff."
Aphrodite clapped her hands quickly and Eryx smiled as he put his arm around her.  Hephaestus leaned toward Zeus and whispered, "Come on, man."
Zeus smiled and whispered back, "Don't worry about her."  Hephaestus shook his head and moved away.  
"What are you going to be doing?" Hermes asked.
"Oh, you know me.  I'm the idea man."  He smiled and few Psilons laughed.  "And I've got plenty of ideas.  Which reminds me, when do those first packages get delivered to Tiberia's puppet states?"
Bia said, "The aeroplanes have been contracted.  Next week, at the earliest."
"Great," Zeus clapped his hands together.  "We have some mingling to do.  Investors and all."  Poseidon scoffed and Zeus continued, "Then we can go eat."
LXVIII
CRONUS
21 Years Before the End

On his large monitor, standing before a blue curtain, young, white-haired Zeus spoke, "She trained us to help right the wrongs of her first creations.  We are not Titans.  We have no intention of being Titans."
Cronus pressed a button on his panel and stood.  He stared at the deactivated rectangle for several seconds before he turned and walked out onto the balcony.
Arba.  A beautiful, tropical island.  It was once the vacation home of the Caesar's family.  A century ago, it was the home of Maxentius' mad brother, his scheming sister-in-law, and their son.  They've all been dead for many years.
"Exile," Caesar said decades ago.  "I could send you to the Herean Mountains in Pathya.  You'd freeze there."  The imperator nodded toward the guards and they lifted Cronus' shackled form off the marble floor.  "I can't deny what you and your people have done for me, though.  I'll let you spend a few generations away from everyone.  Give you something to think about."
Cronus watched the waves crash on the rocks below.  "It's been a few generations," he said out loud.  With no one around, he spoke to himself frequently.  He walked back into the estate and tapped some keys on his panel.  The screen illuminated again and after a moment, Rhea appeared.
"Cronus," she said.
"Rhea.  How are you?"
She nodded.  "Well."
He scanned her image and saw the shoulders of her uniform coat, "Still praetor of Saban?"
"And Naban, yes."
Cronus smiled.  "Naban as well.  The Caesar trusts you."
"He does."  Immediately, she followed up with, "What do you want?"
"There's no need for anger.  No need to rush.  I simply want to return to Tiberia."
"'Simply,'" she scoffed.  "The Caesar exiled you for sending the Cylons his way."
"It all worked out."
Rhea shook her head, "The people of Alabor are just now able to say your name without spitting."
"I wasn't the only Titan with a steel fist," Cronus said.  
"Indeed.  But thirty years of you was more than enough for them."  
"The feeling was mutual," he answered.  "I'm not scheming to be a praetor again, anyway."
Rhea tilted her head.  "Really?"
"No."  Cronus paced a little in front of the monitor and said, "I've had a few breakthroughs and ideas I'd like to try.  I'm sure the Caesar would appreciate that."  Rhea thought for a moment and folded her arms.  "I understand he hasn't had much success in making an organic body for himself."
"And how do you know that?"
Cronus smiled.  "The best doctors and scientists in the world keep disappearing, end up in Tiber.  Only … after a couple of years, they're gone from there, too."  Rhea looked away from her camera and offscreen.  "We know he's executing them, right?"
"You want me to help you come home?"
Cronus slowly bowed his head.  "Please."
She inhaled deeply and hovered her hand over a panel.  "I'll ask.  Don't pack your bags just yet."  Then the screen blinked off.
The Titan walked to his desk.  He sat in the swivel chair and opened the drawer.  "Almost time," he said.  "I've been waiting so long to try."  He pulled out a large test tube filled with a dark brown and red material.  "So many ideas.  I just needed the excuse."  In his mind, he saw his 'son,' Zeus.  He lifted the tube and watched the sunlight pass through it before smiling.
LXIX
CAESAR
12 Years Before the End

The emperor stood, staring into the canister.  The illuminated ichor glowed upon his face and he sighed.
There it lay.  Flesh and blood.  Maxentius IX, as he appeared nearly two centuries ago when he was just twenty-five years old.  The body was ready.  The mind was empty.  Caesar need only speak and it would be done.
It was only now, in secret, that the Life Extension Project as the emperor envisioned it had come to an end.  Via Cronus, of all possibilities.  Was I mistaken in exiling him for so long?
The Caesar looked at his own arm, still haunted by his older brother's words.  'Trying to shoot life into veins you don't even have anymore.'  Youthful, though it seemed, he knew that the flesh was nothing of the sort.  It was a collection of metallic spheres so small they seemed fluid.  He could flex and stretch them.  Change their colors.  Beneath the skin there was the metal and plastic skeleton he had known for decades.  A Cylon skeleton.  
Still a prison, he thought.  He recalled the first time he regarded his body as such.  He was an old man, lying in bed after a major stroke.  The next time, his mind was in a box.  Though it pulsed with power and information, he didn't feel free.
Caesar shook his head.  "Prison."  In his mind, he heard a connection being made.  The prefects were reminding him of the meeting.
He closed his eyes and placed his palms against the golden-lighted cask.  If I choose this, I wouldn't have to deal with them.  Slowly he opened his eyes and was able to make out the contours of his own face floating in the gel.
The emperor left the lab and rode the lift back up to his level.  The Praetorian Guard nearby said nothing.  Caesar stared at the back of the man's metallic helmet.  He glanced up toward the blue plumage of his crest.  He wanted the guard to say something.  He needed to talk to someone real.
The lift doors opened and the emperor strode down the hall and into his conference room.  Six legates were present already.  Five other senators, too.  Two consuls, three magistrates.
"Greetings," Caesar said.  He looked toward the mechanical form of Legate Otha and asked, "How do you like your new body?"
She extended her plastic arms and smiled.  "Far better than I imagined I would, imperator."  She walked around the large table and approached the tech consul.  "I understand that the Project has finally managed to duplicate organic tissue.  We could have our own bodies back, if we wanted them."
Senator Gello laughed, "Who would want to?"
Involuntarily, Caesar looked toward him and scowled.  Gello didn't notice and the emperor looked down at the table.
With a high-pitched blip, the large screen in the room was activated.  "Greetings, my lord," the Prefect said.
Caesar nodded and responded.  "Greetings.  What word from the hive?"
The digitally edged voice laughed and said, "Nothing of value to you, dominus."
Maxentius watched the colors ebb across the screen and over the artificial face.  Condensed into one mind, the sycophants were even more unbearable than they had been before.  "Let us begin."
The monthly review went quickly.  The legates spoke about the minimal resistance in the Expansion states.  The intel consul spoke about the latest from Alabor and the Cylons on Gela.  The tech consul spoke about the innovations from Cronus and the Project and the many infrastructure upgrades that would be needed.  The senators spoke about legislation on the calendar.  The Caesar listened and stored the information away.  He didn't ponder it.  He didn't answer it then.  At most, he said, "I will inform you of my decision later."
When it was done, the Prefect left the monitor and the Cylon-bodied advisers left the room.  The Caesar remained.
When the sun had set, he thought to his Praetorian Guard, "Send in one of your men.  The one who worked the lift for me earlier today."  A moment later, a man clad in a clash of modern and ancient gear entered and saluted by the door.
"What's your name?"
"Quintus, my lord."
Caesar waved him toward the table and repositioned a chair, "Please.  Sit.  I want to talk."
The young man hesitated for a split second and then crossed the room.  The emperor took the man's rifle and set it upon the table.  With some effort, Quintus removed his decorative helmet, revealing his close-cut blonde hair.  He lightly placed the headgear on the marbletop, too.
Caesar sat in a chair near the guard's.  He breathed in and out, though this body did not require it.  He could see that Quintus was nervous and confused.
"Do you recognize the name Maximus the Confessor?"
The guard nodded.  "Of course, my lord."
"Maximus the Third," the emperor said.  "He's the one who changed the Empire from followers of the old gods to the single god of the Median Church.  The Synoptic Church.  He's revered as a founder, almost."  Quintus was nodding.  "He introduced the concept of … confessing one's sins."  Caesar straightened the cuff of his pantsleg.  "When did you last go to confession?"
Quintus' eyes widened and he said, "I, um.  My lord, I don't …"
Caesar smiled and lifted his hand.  "Don't worry.  I don't care.  I ask because I wanted to know if people still did."  Quintus nodded.  "I feel the need to confess."  The guard's mouth fell open and the imperator followed up quickly, "Oh, not sins.  I have plenty of sins in the eyes of the Church, I'm sure.  But that's not what I mean."
"I understand, lord."
Maxentius looked out the windows of his balcony door.  "A decade ago, the prefects who have haunted my every move for a century died.  Not in a usual sense.  They allowed their minds to join.  They shed their identities.  They became, simply, the Prefect.  Completely at one with technology."  He looked at Quintus and he seemed to be interested.  "Except for Etne.  Stalwart Etne."  He shook his head.  "The only one I liked.  She remained an individual and now I never see her.  Regardless, the Prefect enjoys a kind of freedom that only I had before.  Their thoughts can move all over the world in the blink of an eye.  They exist everywhere and nowhere.  And they won't be alone much longer."
Caesar paused and looked down at his hands.  The guard felt brave and quietly offered, "The legates and senators?  With their Cylon bodies?"
The emperor smiled and said, "Yes.  In a few years, they'll pay for the privilege of dropping any kind of corporeal form.  They become … energy.  Thought."  He shook his head.  "Not even citizens anymore.  Not really.  The elites of Tiberia are on a road that I built."  He hesitated again.
Quintus asked, "And that bothers you?"
The Caesar nodded.  "Before, when I was the only one, I was in a position of great power.  Now there are dozens with it.  Hundreds more will follow soon."  He shook his head and stabbed the table with his forefinger.  "Downstairs lies my twenty-five year old body.  It is waiting for my mind.  I've wanted that body for generations.  But if I put my mind into it, I lose whatever advantage I have.  I become … human again."
Quintus was still apprehensive but he saw that the emperor was waiting.  "Have you considered joining the minds of the Prefect and the others?"
"I have."  Maxentius stood.  "But a Caesar can't shed his identity and hope to retain power."
Slowly, Quintus stood, too.  He seemed nervous still and glanced about the room.  "I am sorry that I don't have an answer for you, my lord."
The emperor smiled.  "I didn't expect you to.  I simply wanted to talk."  He reached across the table and slid the guard's helmet to him.  Then his fingers pulled on the handle for the man's rifle.  He hesitated.  I revealed myself to this man.  I revealed weakness.  He picked up the weapon and handed it over.  "Thank you, Quintus.  I may call on you again."
After forcing the helmet over his head, the young guard placed his fist over his left breast and said, "It would be my honor, dominus."
LXX
HEPHAESTUS
12 Years Before the End

"This is amazing," Atlas said as the trio walked through the Meridian Gate into the ancient city square of Daton.  "I've never been here before."
Hephaestus smiled and said, "Huban is amazing all over.  It's like … everything we want Attica to be but with better food."
Zeus laughed.  "I'll disagree with you on the food thing, but, yes.  Huban is great."
The open brick square stretched on for another hundred meters before they would reach the steps that went up three storeys to the government building.  The sloped roof was striking, standing behind a host of fluttering banners.  As the Psilons walked, they heard a metallic rhythm to their left.  Atlas was the first to look.  "Is that …"
"A Cylon."  Zeus kept walking as he watched.  It looked like an old Tiberian Cylon, complete with golden metal exposed.  There were, however, plastic coverings and even what appeared to be clothes.  It was speaking to a small group of people.  "I've heard about this."
"Huban was the first nation to open diplomatic relations with Gela," Hephaestus said.  "Cylons have been coming to Daton for the last decade or so and Huban scientists have been visiting Gela."
Atlas shook his head.  "What do you think they're learning?"
"Quite a lot," Hephaestus said.  The three put their feet on the first step and began the arduous climb.  "Have you heard about their ionocraft?"
Atlas turned toward him, "No.  They built one?"
Hephaestus nodded.  "Yep.  Just about ready to mass produce it."
Atlas turned toward Zeus and asked, "Are we going to get in on that?"  He nodded.
"Hephaestus?"
It was barely his name.  The tongue that uttered it butchered it, but the three turned and saw a pair of young Huban men.  "Yes?"
They smiled and said in fractured Attican, "You are Hephaestus.  The Psilon engineer."
He smiled and nodded.  "I am.  How do you know me?"
They laughed and looked at each other.  One of them said, "We follow your work."  Then he thrust a magazine toward Hephaestus and held out a pen.
Hephaestus chuckled and said, "I've never had someone ask for an autograph before."  He took the pen first and then the magazine.  He looked down at the page and ignored the mess of Huban letters before he turned it over and saw the large photo.  It was Aphrodite posed seductively while wearing what could generously be called a bit of wet fabric. 
He looked toward the sky and Atlas took a step down to look over Hephaestus' shoulder.  He stifled a laugh and moved away.  "What is it?" Zeus said as he approached.  When he saw the picture, he nodded and looked at the young men.  He gave them a thumbs up and they laughed.
"You're not helping, man," Hephaestus said.
"Come on," Zeus said.  "Sign the thing and let's go.  Don't cause a diplomatic incident."  
Hephaestus took a deep breath and quickly scribbled his name.  As he was about to hand it back, he wrote, "Mine," above his signature.  The men took it, thanked him in their own tongue, bowed, and walked down the steps.
The three men kept climbing before Atlas laughed and said, "How often does that happen?"
Hephaestus shook his head.  "Never like that."
"Hey, she's the best advertisement Olympus has.  You've seen her on posters, in videos," Zeus began.
"Yeah, yeah," Hephaestus interrupted.  His face flushed with heat and he looked across the steps and saw they were even with the tall city walls.  "Doesn't make it any easier to know that those two," he gestured over his shoulder down the stairs, "are going to be jerking it later to her."
Atlas laughed again.  Zeus said, "You should know by now that she loves you."
Hephaestus' head drooped, "I know."
Zeus added, "She wouldn't cheat on you."
"Oh," Hephastus said, "and you'd know?"
Zeus was quiet for a second and Atlas smirked, "Yeah, he'd know."
Hephaestus stopped and looked at him, "What's that mean?"
Atlas was indignant, "You don't know?"
"Shut up," Zeus muttered.
"C'mon, everyone knows."  
Hephaestus looked at Zeus.  He seemed tired suddenly and Hephaestus' wide-eyed confusion didn't help.  "You cheated on Hera?"
Zeus started walking up the steps again, "Can we not talk about this?"
The other two complied for a moment.  Atlas leaned toward Hephaestus and whispered, "Semele."
Hephaestus thought.  "Whoa.  You mean … Dionysus …"  Atlas nodded.
"Please," Zeus said.  "We're about to go into a very sensitive meeting here.  I don't want to be distracted.  I need to think of ways … I don't want them to think we're as far along as we actually are."  Hephaestus looked at his feet the rest of the way up. They reached the top of the steps and entered the lobby.  After being greeted by a pleasant gentleman behind the main desk, they were escorted down a few levels to a waiting room.
Sitting still, Hephaestus thought.  He remembered Aphrodite's tour with Eryx.  He was confident nothing happened between them, but he still worried.  He was still jealous.  He glanced at Zeus and saw his friend looking over some notes on his wristband.  I knew Zeus cheated, he thought.  Why was I so surprised to hear Atlas say it out loud?  He thought about his wife again.  Am I worried that he would do that to me?
"Mr. Zeus, Mr. Atlas, Mr. Hephaestus."  The three Psilons looked up and saw the smiling face of a Huban bureaucrat.  "I am Mr. Gan, deputy to our technology minister.  Please come this way."
They stood and followed him through a corridor to a large conference room.  As they entered, several other people entered from the opposite side of the room.  Zeus nodded and smiled at one person.  A woman.  She smiled back.
"Welcome everyone," a tall man said.  "We're eager to get busy, so I'll introduce myself, Tim Fen, Huban's chief technology minister."  He motioned toward the woman Zeus smiled at.
She stood and bowed slightly, "I'm Berenice Callis, science minister of Attica."
Zeus stood and said, "I'm Zeus, chairman of the Olympus Institute."
Another woman, darkly complected, stood and said, "I'm Lata Fihr, science minister of Gerzeh."
Fen positioned a few computer panes in front of himself.  "It is my understanding," he looked toward Zeus and smiled, "that our guests have something very special to offer us."
Zeus nodded and stood again.  "Huban, Attica, and Gerzeh are the only three nations on Larsa with active space programs.  Other nations wanted to invest in your technological ventures and also," he smiled, "enjoy some of the fruits of your labors.  Thus, you formed the United Space Probe Agency.  At the Olympus Institute, we recognize that many of the greatest technological achievements in recent years have come about because of your programs.  Indeed, I'm aware you are even making plans for a moon landing.  The reason we've come to you is far beyond even that tremendous effort."  Hephaestus pressed a button on his computer panel and an image appeared around the table and on two large screens.  "Decades ago, before they were killed, our parents made a stunning breakthrough.  Our engineer, Hephaestus, led a team that took up their small steps and made the extraordinary device you see before you."
Callis lightly drew her finger across the screen as she thought.  "A coil assembly …"
"Yes," Hephaestus said.  "It is, we believe, the first faster-than-light propulsion system ever built."
The room went quiet and the tech chiefs stared at the Psilons.  Fen spoke first, "Are you certain?"
Hephaestus placed two large stacks of paper on the table.  "We have documented many energy tests with the unit and observed distortions and anamolies only explicable by the … bending of space-time."
"It requires great precision and special materials," Zeus said, "but we firmly believe this can be built on a more massive scale."
"Large enough for a spacecraft?" Fihr asked.
"Yes," Zeus answered.  "Early tests on larger coils have been promising."
The people looked at the image and scrolled through some of the data.  Fihr spoke again, "The energy requirements seem quite large."
"They are.  For now," Hephaestus answered.  "Hopefully, with the aid of your nations, we can conduct further testing."
"Toward what end?" Fen asked.
Zeus glanced toward Hephaestus and said, "Exploration.  Travel.  Anything.  We could more efficiently mine asteroids in our system.  We could find other resource-rich worlds nearby."
"Do you have some sort of plan?" Callis asked.
"We do," Atlas said.  He pressed a button and everyone's screens changed again.  Larsa itself was shown with orbiting stations and satellites.  "If we can expand the two stations in orbit now, we can make them the launch point for a series of deep space probes.  Not only would these probes be exploring stars in our celestial neighborhood, but they would also be conducting unmanned tests of the FTL drive."
Fen and Fihr nodded as they looked at their panels.  Callis stared at Zeus and then smiled wrily.  Hephaestus saw her and looked from her to Zeus and then back again.  "What do you want?" she asked.
Zeus smiled and said, "What do you mean?"
Callis shook her head and said, "The Olympus Institute has done a lot of good, of course, but I've worked with you before.  What are you working toward?"  Now Atlas and Fihr were noticing the connection between the pair.
Zeus tilted his head to the side and said, "I think it's a minor request.  Not one that has to be met immediately."
"Go on," Fen said.
Zeus leaned forward and interlocked his fingers on the tabletop.  "We would like to aid in the design and data collection process for the probes.  We would like access to the orbital stations."  He paused and licked his teeth.  "We'd also like a couple of spaceships."  Callis laughed and Zeus finished, saying, "In case we'd like to do some exploring on our own."
Fen nodded and thought.  After he flipped through a few screens on his panel, he said, "Mr. Zeus, if this device works out, you'll get whatever you want."
LXXI
THE MESSENGERS
11 Years Before the End

"Where am I?"
"Grandma?" Thon said.  "Grandma, you're awake!"  The teen stood and hovered over the old woman.  He put his hand on her shoulder and asked, "How are you feeling?"
She squinted and looked around the room.  "Am I home?"
Thon nodded.  "Yes.  We're on the farm in Gargamus."
She smiled.  "I haven't been here in so long.  My mother talked about it all the time."  She put her cold hand on Thon's as his parents entered the room.
"Ma?" the man asked.  He took a quick couple of steps and knelt by the bed.  "We weren't sure you would wake up."
She nodded and smiled.  Thon knew that meant she didn't really hear him.  "So happy to be home."
"She's been home for a month now," Thon's mother said from the door.  His father shot her a look and then he stood up.  "She can't hear me."
"Doesn't matter."
Thon leaned over a bit and asked, "Is there something I can get you?"
She squeezed his hand and said, "No.  I'm fine.  My children are here.  That's what I need."
Thon stood once her eyes slowly closed.  He looked toward his parents and saw that they were nervous again.  His mother was biting her nails.  His father was looking at his wristband.  "Are they still outside?"
His mother said, "Yes.  They say they can't wait much more."
"I have to leave for the factory in an hour," his father said. 
Thon felt the anger boil inside him again.  "It's your mother."
His father shrugged and said, "She'd understand.  She worked at Siler River for almost seventy years in one job or another.  They don't let you take off because someone's sick."  Thon's mother turned and wandered out of the room.
The boy put his bronze hand on his grandmother's shoulder and leaned down to speak.  As he got closer, he saw how still she was.  "Grandma?"  He gently jostled her arm.  Then he put his hand on her cheek.  Her skin was normally cold.  This was different.  "Grandma?"
Thon's father shook his head and sighed.  "She's gone."  He put his hand on her arm and patted it a couple of times before he left the room.
Thon remained.  He laid his head on her shoulder and looked up to her chin.  The position felt familiar since she had raised him, essentially.  He was closer to her than anyone else in the family.  He spent time with her in the city by the factories and she helped him find easier work in the plants when he came of age.  She was all I had.
He lifted his head and felt the wetness of his cheek pull the sleeve of her gown with him.  Thon moved it away and then wiped his eyes.  He looked out the window toward the mountains and took in a deep breath.  It's not fair.
He stood and left the bedroom.  In the sitting area, his mother was going through a small box amid mountains of packed belongings.  His father was on his commset.  "She just died.  What do you need me to do?  Well, I have to go to work in an hour.  I don't think they'll wait.  Really?  I appreciate that."
Am I the only one who feels?  The only one who cares?  He stormed out of the house and let the spring pull the thin wooden door back hard.  Before the loud clatter had decayed, he caught sight of the workers and their equipment hovering like vultures in the yard and driveway.
Thon looked across the street and saw the metal scaffolding in place where a farm was just months before.  He turned left and looked over the stream toward the mountain side.  The sun glinted brightly off the panels already in place there.  When he heard one of the workers laugh, he stomped off the porch and across the dirt.
The foreman saw him coming.  He took a few steps toward him and got ready to speak when the teen's fist connected with the man's jaw.  The bigger man fell and two workers rushed to scoop him up and restrain Thon.
"There you go."
"Get him back."
The Messenger whispered into Thon's ear, "Relax."
The foreman dusted off his pants while keeping eye contact with the boy.  He straightened up and adjusted his helmet.  "Mr. Ahljaela," he paused and stretched his mouth, "did she pass?"
Thon struggled again and, again, the invisible being spoke into the teen's ear, "Relax."
The boy nodded and slumped in the men's grasp.  The foreman said, "Let him go."  After exchanging a look, the workers released him and stepped back.  Thon stood where he was and stared at the gravel.  The foreman took a step closer and said, "I'm sorry for your loss."
Thon didn't answer.  He looked toward the machines and the waiting workers before he said with a cracking voice, "Do you have to be sitting here?  Waiting for her to die?"
The foreman nodded and said softly, "I understand, really, I do.  But it's the Caesar's orders.  They need this land for power stations and distribution."
Thon became choked up again and shook his head.  "Giving the fat patties what they want … doesn't matter what happens to the plebs."
The foreman nodded.  "I hear you.  But we've got families to feed.  You'll understand one day."
"Walk away," the Messenger said.  Thon turned and moved toward the house.  A few moments later, he was inside and holding his jacket.  His eyes found a picture of him when he was younger, sitting on his grandmother's lap.  "Time to go," the tender said.
Thon looked at his parents.  His mother was still rooting through boxes.  His father was looking at his wristband and shaking his head.  "They need to hurry up and get the body," he said.
The teen scoffed with digust and walked out the door.  He ignored the workers and went to the road.  He stopped and looked in both directions.  The Messenger whispered, "Go left," and Thon did.

The female tender kept a watchful eye over the young girl.  Corol Gaber played with her blocks.  She smiled and seemed oblivious to all that happened around her.  Outside, in the street, two vagrants were arguing.  On the floor above them in the ramshackle apartment building, a married couple just home from work fought over the household's finances.  In Corol's mother's room, behind a closed door, a man paid the young woman for sexual favors.
Desperation is a powerful motivator, the Messenger thought.  She observed the woman as she prayed and worshipped God.  She watched as she struggled to find work.  She felt the pit in her stomach when the mother finally decided that prostitution was better than starvation.
The being cast herself behind the locked door and into the bedroom.  Corol's mother was on her knees and propping herself up on her elbows.  A man thrust himself into her repeatedly while he grunted and sweat.  The Messenger looked at this man closely.  He was an elite of Tyria; one of the most wealthy men in this city.  He was approaching sixty years old, which explained the fear the being felt within him.
Might be the last time, he thought.  The tender kept seeing glimpses of a plastic and metallic body crafted to look like him.  Only a few more days before the transfer.
As she watched the pair fornicate, a light seemed to swell within the room.  It wasn't present, but it was at the edges of the being's vision.  The light grew and became fire.  Heat.  It engulfed everything around her.  The tender left the room and knelt by Corol's side.  The girl was happy and humming as she placed her blocks ever higher, but the flames devoured the child, too.
The Messenger momentarily felt panic and tried to see deeper into the vision.  Future echoes, she realized.  The fire is coming.  She turned and tilted her head to try and see around the blasts and around the blazes, but it was for naught.  
It is inevitable.  She swelled and prepared to move around the world to see some path away from the flame.  She shrank when she could not.  Hopeless.
LXXII
CRONUS
9 Years Before the End

"I'm not certain I understand, emperor."
Caesar looked down on the monitor and then fixed his eyes on Cronus through the camera.  "I cannot take up organic form.  Not yet."
Cronus was bewildered.  "This was the end you desired for more than a century.  I alone have spent decades working on this."
"I know."
"So … I do not understand."
Maxentius said, "I have given it great thought, but I do not believe I can effectively govern if I am disconnected so fully from the Matrix."
"When last we spoke," the Titan began, "you were fearful of remaining in the Matrix because of Prefect and your legates.  They were transitioning like you did and you were afraid you might lose your individuality."
"True."
Cronus held his arms out.  "And this is why you're leaving the final product of your Life Extension Project in the basement?"
Caesar was still long enough for Cronus to think the signal had frozen.  He tilted his head and said, "It is."
Cronus' arms flopped to his side and he shook his head.  "It is your body, dominus.  Do what you will."
"I shall."  The emperor leaned forward as he prepared to disconnect the transmission, but he said, "I will not forget what you've done.  I will uphold my side of the bargain."  Cronus nodded.  "Your exile is fully revoked and you will be paid.  Handsomely."
"I appreciate the money.  I'm more interested in my other request."
Caesar blinked a few times and said, "Your hunt for Zeus and his people is your own."  He waved a hand and added, "I will not, however, stop you."
Cronus bowed and said, "As you wish, lord."  The screen flashed and the emperor was gone.
An hour later, he met with his council of Titans.  He scribbled notes quickly before the meeting, but he hoped passion would override any lack of preparedness.
"For the last decade, they have waged war on us."  Cronus slowly pressed his palms against the table and stood.  "It began simply enough.  Propaganda.  Leaflets spread in the cities.  Broadcasts on wireless channels and videos on the Matrix.  But it's gotten worse."  He looked across everyone's faces and saw their interest.  "In some nations where there is organized resistance, they have actually met with some of Zeus' people."
"What's the harm in meeting with someone?" Rhea asked.
He inhaled sharply and said, "On multiple occasions, after having met with an Olympian, there were terrorist attacks committed by people associated with those cells."  Themis didn't respond.  She only stared.  "There have been weapons smuggled into our nations, too."
Rhea scoffed and said, "There's nothing tying those weapons to Zeus."
Iapetus looked up from his wristband and said, boldly, "Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence."  Cronus nodded and Iapetus continued, "Shall I?"
Cronus gestured toward him.  "Please."
Iapetus looked at his wristband as he spoke.  "Last year, Ares met with two men in Arkaim.  A week later, there was a bombing at a government office building and one of those two men was arrested.  Six years ago, after meeting with Aphrodite and Eryx, a group of people in Assuria …"
"Aprhodite and Eryx?" Crius interrupted.  "Are you kidding me?  They're Zeus' spokespeople.  They travel all over the world."
"And they were in Lagas a month before …"
"And Aphrodite?" Themis said.  "She's nothing more than a … vacuous model.  A pretty face for Zeus to get his message across."
"His message is getting across better than you suspect," Cronus said, loudly.  His voice boomed in the small room and he looked at Iapetus, who seemed disinterested in going on.  "The point is we have reason to believe that Zeus' people have been in contact with insurrectionists in Tiberian lands."
"I was a praetor back when this started," Crius began.  "I saw the leaflets and heard the radio broadcasts.  Of course, I think Zeus has been fomenting dissent, but what you're accusing him of ..."
Coeus was shaking his head quickly.  "I have no problem believing it.  He hates us.  He's said as much in the news."
Oceanus nodded and said, "No question.  When we had a food riot in Lagas a few years ago, Zeus was all over it."  He lowered his eyes.  "All over me."
"No one here doubts Zeus' distaste for us," Phoebe began, "but what can you do about it?"
Cronus grinned and looked toward Themis.  "I have some ideas.  The Caesar, though, will not aid us.  Not directly, so I will need to call on each of you from time to time."  Some of the praetors nodded.  "Still, some of you may find my plans rather extreme.  If you'd rather not know, feel free to leave now.  No one will think any less of you."
Themis met his gaze and stood.  She began to walk toward the door.  Then Rhea stood and left.  Cronus furrowed his brow; surprised that they would be so weak.
LXXIII
HERA
8 Years Before the End

"We're working on any number of research projects at any given time," Zeus said in the hallway behind her.  Hera turned and watched her husband lead a group of several potential benefactors among the glass walls of the laboratory hallway.  "In here, our engineer Hephaestus is working on a project for the United Space Probe Agency.  We've been working closely with them for some time."  He turned and crossed the hall.  Hera didn't look at him directly but she swiveled somewhat in her chair and began to move the test tubes around a bit.  "In here, my wife, Hera, is studying ways to more quickly regenerate damaged brain tissue."  Zeus led them away from her window and Hera watched them go.
She studied the group.  There were four men and three women.  The women were apparently older and none were what she would call "attractive."  Hera sighed and tossed a pen onto the table.  After shaking her head, she cursed Zeus and put her eyes against the microscanner again.
Several moments later, she heard someone in the doorway.  "Hello?"
She turned toward the unfamiliar voice and said, "Yes?"  The stranger was huge.  Almost two meters tall, his physique was staggering and his deep voice rattled her ears.
He lifted a small box and waved it side to side while saying, "Porphyrion Deliveries.  You're Hera, right?"
She nodded and stood.  "Yes.  I am."  She looked across his broad chest and saw the "visitor" sticker there, meaning he was let in by someone in the lobby.  Still, it surprised her that a deliveryman was allowed to come to the lab levels.
"If you could sign for this, I'll be on my way."
Hera took the box and glanced up into his face.  While flashing a quick grin, she set it on a table and then took the computer panel from him.  As she signed with her fingertip, she narrowed her eyes.  "Why was your company named for Porphyrion?"
The man didn't answer.  Instead, he struck Hera from behind, sending her flying into a worktable and tossing test tubes across the room.  She rolled into the far wall and immediately tried to stand up.  She saw him move toward the door and lock it.  Hera lifted a large beaker and ran toward him.  
The giant was surprised by her quick reaction and amused.  He smiled and hesitated for a brief second while Hera leapt into the air and brought the glass cylinder down on his head.  With the portion that remained in her hand, she stabbed him in the abdomen twice before he knocked her back again with a singular swipe of his enormous limb.  
Now slumped against the wall, Hera struggled to open and focus her eyes.  She saw the fire alarm switch on the opposing wall and began to lumber toward it.  Her attacker grabbed her by the collar of her coat, however, and whipped her into the large glass wall by the door.  The sharp cracking sound of the glass was interrupted as the pane held.  Hera stayed against it and struggled to regain her breath.
"Hmmm," he said.  "You are something else.  I've seen your pictures and studied you, but you're even better in person."  He took two long strides toward her and pulled her off the glass.  "I'm going to take my time."
He threw her against the nearest desk.  Hera was now face down and sweeping papers onto the floor as she tried to stand up.  The man, however, put one huge hand on her back and pressed her down.  She felt his other hand run along the length of her body toward the tail of her lab coat.  Her eyes widened and she sucked in air so she could scream.
The sound of crashing glass interrupted that thought.  Hera managed to turn and saw Zeus standing in the frame of the window, holding a large chair.  He took one big step and swung the chair against the giant, but he shrugged it off.  He quickly lunged and gripped her husband by the front of his clothes and lifted him.  Zeus growled and jabbed his thumbs into his eyes.  The attacker threw Zeus to the wall but Zeus didn't linger.  He leapt forward and kicked him in the knee.  The deliveryman collapsed and Hera swung a computer panel against his head.  While he listed, Zeus kicked again, striking him under the chin.
The attacker roared and then stood.  He punched Zeus' chest and the white-haired man dropped against the still-locked door.  He turned to Hera as she swung the panel again.  It grazed his face, cutting his jaw, but he kicked her, sending her halfway across the room.
Zeus was on him, punching and jabbing before the giant clasped his hands together and brought them upward quickly.  His double fists hit Zeus' chin and knocked him into the air and brought him down on the field of glass by the shattered window.
Hera struggled to her feet again and she noticed the cowering humans in the hallway for the first time.  Zeus was lying prone on the floor and the deliveryman was now bending over, reaching for Zeus' waist.  Zeus was reaching back toward the window and a man pulled a jagged triangle of glass from the window frame, placing it in Zeus' waiting hand.  As the attacker pulled Zeus toward him, Zeus swiped the glass across his throat.
Porphyrion fell to one knee while redness sprayed from his neck.  Zeus then jammed the point into the huge man's ribcage.  The blood made the triangle slip out of his hands and the deliveryman stumbled to his feet.
Hera ran across the room and crashed into the attacker.  They both fell against the wall and she pressed the smooth edge of the glass as hard as she could while they collapsed.  It dug deeper and deeper into him and blood poured from his wound.
His eyes were cast toward the ceiling.  He slid down the wall as Hera backed away from him and bent over to help Zeus up.  They stood together and watched the man's chest heave one last time.
One of the women in the hallway gasped and began to cry.  The man who handed Zeus the glass ushered them away and Hera turned toward her husband.  "How are you?"
He opened and closed his mouth slowly.  He ran his hands over his arms and chest.  "Nothing broken, I don't think.  You?"
She looked down and thought.  She analyzed every part of herself in her mind and said, "I think I may have a concussion."  Zeus nodded and pulled her closer.  As he hugged her, her detachment waned and her hands began to tremble.  She balled them into fists and wrapped them around Zeus.  She sighed and said, "You got here just in time."
Before he could answer, the speakers in the lab and the hallway began to bleat a fire alarm.  Hera pulled away from Zeus and he asked, "Did one of the visitors push the button?"
Hera shook her head and heard someone running toward the lab.  Polemos slid into view and looked through the window.  As he did, he began to notice the surroundings.  His head whipped to the broken glass, then to the bloodied and bruised couple, and then to the large dead man against the wall.  "What the frak happened here?"  Zeus inhaled to answer and Polemos asked, "Who the frak is that?"
"We don't know," Hera said.
Polemos said, "Fire alarm upstairs."
"Upstairs?" Zeus said.  His shoes crunched on the glass as he guided Hera from the room.  "What's happening?"
"I don't know."  Polemos and the pair jogged toward the stairwell.  Two floors up, they emerged and found smoke clinging to the roof of the hallway.  Hermes and Metis were holding fire extinguishers outside an office.
Hermes looked toward the group and said, "It's Hestia."
Once Zeus joined them, they all went inside the smoke-filled room.  The walls were blackened behind the large desk.  Polemos walked toward it and tapped a smoldering trashcan with his foot.  Hera knelt by Hestia's body.  Her right side was partially burned but there were marks on her throat that made the doctor uneasy.  "Look."
Zeus followed her finger and saw the lines.  "Strangulation?"
Hera nodded.  "Let's go down to the transfer bay and ask her what happened."
As they walked, Hera wondered if the deliveryman had been up here first.  She was about to speak to Zeus about their policy of letting strangers into the compound when Leto ran alongside them.
"How are you?"
They all stepped into the lift and Zeus said, "Hestia is dead.  Apparently strangled."
Her eyebrows flew up and she glanced to Hera before looking back at Zeus.  "And you?"
He nodded.  "A bit roughed up.  Maybe concussions.  Nothing broken, I don't think."
Leto removed a light from her pocket and waved it in front of Zeus' eyes.  Hera inhaled sharply as she watched the young woman grasp and manipulate her husband's face. 
"You seem fine."  She turned to Hera and she reluctantly looked toward the light.  Leto pawed at her face, too, but with less tenderness, it seemed.  "Some hemorrhages, though."  The elevator stopped and the group began to exit.  "You should come with me to an exam room."
"Not until we talk to Hestia."  They turned the corner and entered the large download room.  Scores of pods lined the floor; two copies for every Psilon.  Instead of walking much further, they turned to the control panels near the door.
Metis tapped on the screen and shook her head.  "There wasn't a transfer."  Hera moved past Zeus and began to touch a different panel.  "No Hestia has been awakened," Metis said.
"Are we sure she was dead?" Polemos asked.
Incredulously, Hera looked over her shoulder at him.  "She was dead."
"Well, where is she?" Zeus asked.
Hera shook her head and said, "No signal was received down here."
Hermes and Leto began walking down the rows and the others trotted to catch up.  They arrived at Hestia's two pods and looked inside.  Her spare bodies were there, connected and stable.  The status panel showed that they were simply waiting to receive their signals.
Zeus crossed his arms and sighed.  "Something must have blocked it.  Somehow …"
"Hephaestus' experiments?" Hermes asked.
"No," Metis answered, "the labs are shielded."
"We could download her patterns from the last backup," Leto said.  "The data compiles at night while we sleep, so we wouldn't know what happened today, but …"
"It's gone," Hera said.  She pressed a few more lights on the pod's panel and then stood.  "Hestia's backups are gone."
Hermes and Metis exchanged a glance and then began tapping on their wristbands.  A moment later, Hermes said, "She's right.  I mean, it doesn't make sense …"
"All of Hestia's transfer info is gone."  She looked at Zeus and said, "She doesn't exist anymore."
Their leader was still and inhaled slowly.  Then, he turned and began to leave the transfer bay.  Hera looked across her colleague's faces and sighed.  "We need to be careful and not … die until we figure this out," she said softly.
LXXIV
CAESAR
8 Years Before the End

"Our economy has grown dependent on this technology," the Prefect said from the screen.  "Not only for the many citizens of Tiberia who utilize it, but the many businesses that export the technology to other nations."
The tech consul nodded and said, "While there are nearly three hundred thousand people here who have taken up artificial bodies or sent their minds permanently into the Matrix, there are over six hundred thousand people elsewhere who have contracted ..."
"Beyond that," Caesar interrupted, "their economies are not as dependent on it."  He glanced toward the screen and looked at the inscrutable false face of the Prefect.  "Those six hundred thousand people are spread around the world.  Here in Tiberia, the three hundred thousand patricians are taxing our infrastructures."  He looked at another screen and willed a chart to appear.  "Our electrical capacity is still falling.  Our generators and transmission lines are aging.  Replacement projects are moving slowly."
"Yes, my lord, but …"
Caesar forcefully lifted his hand and the Prefect shushed.  "Our data networks are in a worse state.  Matrix storage is nearing a premium in some provinces, photosilica cabling projects have stalled due to bureaucratic obstacles," he glared at the tech consul, "and the firms that used to be tasked with such advances have grown complacent.  They're only interested in maintaining the status quo."
The room was silent.  A couple of the consuls exchanged glances and the Caesar looked at the Prefect's screen again.  The face shimmered and spoke, "All that you say is true, of course, but with this find, Tiberia can again be at the forefront.  We can ensure decades of technological growth."
Caesar sighed and the fluidic metal that served as his skin rippled.  "At an enormous price."
"Perhaps not, dominus."  The intelligence consul leaned forward and continued, "The Cylons don't have a defense force to speak of at this point.  Their efforts are focused on mining and creating more of their own kind."
"If the initial attack fails," General Quintus began, "the Cylons won't need to rest to begin constructing a military."  He glanced toward Caesar and continued, "For victory to be assured, the Cylons will need to be almost entirely wiped out.  Given how limited our success was decades ago, that will not be an easy prospect."
"We have improved many things since then, general," a legate said.  The artificial being turned to Caesar and continued, "With the full might of Tiberia's army, navy, and air force, the Cylons will fall."
One of the few humans in the room raised his hand.  "In all of this talk, imperator, I have not heard the word 'negotiate' used."
Caesar nodded.  "You are correct, senator.  That is and should be our first avenue."
The Prefect spoke but Caesar didn't look at it.  "We have little room to negotiate."
"We gave the Cylons the island of Gela years ago," the emperor began.  He looked at the resources consul and said, "We were told that Gela had been mined out."  The consul lowered his head.  "Little did we know that the Cylons would delve more deeply than any prior mining concern.  They have, at their disposal, an apparently vast array of minerals and metals before them.  Principally, for our interests," he motioned toward the screen, "cereisium and similar ores used for making artificial bodies and advancing computer research."
"Negotiate first," a legate said, "but make ready our forces, should the talks fail."
"The Cylons' find is the most important event in recent years, dominus," the Prefect said.  "We have calculated various outcomes, and without those resources, Tiberia will be exhausted within twelve years.  The economy will collapse."
"The other nations will go to the Cylons for their new bodies," the tech consul said.
Caesar was still.  He had seen the Prefect's data.  It was true.  He looked at General Quintus and saw the fatigue on his confidant's face.  The emperor felt it, too.  "General, martial your legions and prepare your mechanized forces, as well."
Quintus nodded once.  "Yes, imperator."
"I will personally open communications with them soon to negotiate a trade deal."  Caesar stood and the others filtered from the room.  He motioned toward Quintus and waved him over.  With a thought, he turned off the Prefect's screen.  Caesar tilted his head around the tall general and waited for the last consul to depart before speaking again.  "Speak truthfully."
"Always, dominus."
The emperor sighed and said, "You have heard what I've been dealing with for months now.  Legates, senators, and prefects pushing for invasion."
"Yes."
"Politically, I am not in a position to deny them much longer."  He stared at Quintus intently and asked, "If we have to fight, can you defeat the Cylons as quickly as you say we must?"
The general inhaled and said, softly, "No."
Caesar nodded.  "In a prolonged fight, could we win?"
Quintus looked toward the floor and thought.  "If we were strategic about our bombing and kept their military production off guard?  Perhaps.  We would need to increase the caliber of our standard weapons."
"Do it."
"And developing explosive rounds would help."  Caesar nodded and the general continued, "I found some old plans from shortly after the Cylon Revolt.  They were never implemented."
The emperor said, "Go ahead.  Do whatever you can."
The general clasped his arms behind his back.  "The Pact of Nations."  Caesar winced a little.  "Their Declaration of Rights endeared them to the Cylons years ago.  Does the sentiment still exist?"
Caesar shook his head.  "I do not know."  He thought and then flared his nostrils.  "What about your mechs?"
Quintus' eyes rolled a little and he said, "It's a chore.  They are quite dumb, but I suppose that's the point."
"And your legions?  Humans, I mean?"  The imperator adjusted a chair against the conference table.  "Do you have sufficient numbers?"
"For a time."  The general turned his head toward the windows and muttered, "A short time."
Caesar clasped the man on the shoulder and said, "Do the best you can.  I hope we don't need you."  Quintus saluted and exited the room.
The emperor walked toward the balcony doors and simply stared through the glass.  
LXXV
POSEIDON
8 Years Before the End

The Attican island of Siphnus was small.  There were only a few homes on it and one was owned by a benefactor of the Olympus Institute.  Poseidon met him a few times and he seemed like a kind person.  He invited Zeus and his siblings to come visit.  The eldest brother took him up on the offer first.
"It's gorgeous," Demeter said.  She and Poseidon stood on the eastern shore and looked into the crystal blue water that swept toward the horizon.  She leaned against Poseidon and gripped his arm tightly.  "I'm so glad we came."
He kissed the top of her head and said, "Me too."  He looked at a small outcropping of rock about sixty meters offshore and pointed at it.  "Race you to there?"
She laughed and held her hands up.  "No, thank you.  I just ate."  She took the bag off her shoulder and removed a blanket from it.  As she spread it out on the sand, she said, "I'll lay here for a while if you want to go.  I'll join you later."
He smiled and ran into the surf.  The sea water stung his eyes but he couldn't help stare into the blue as he swam through it.  Just as it felt he had gone too far, Poseidon looked up and saw the small rocky island just ahead.  His feet found purchase first, but the stone was sharp and made him tense up.
"Frak," he hissed through his clenched teeth.  He tip-toed out of the water and scrambled to find a smoother part of the rock.  As he climbed higher, he found that the rock was a different type and more comfortable.  He sighed and walked around the tiny peak to the eastern side.  Poseidon reclined on the stones and folded his arms behind his head.
While he rested with his eyes closed, he recalled his conversation with Zeus before departing.  Poseidon smiled and shook his head once at the memory.
"I wish you wouldn't go," his younger brother said.
"We can't live in fear."
Zeus nodded.  "I know that.  But … I'd like to keep everyone close until we know what happened to Hestia.  Until we figure out who Porphyrion was."
"It's been more than a month," Poseidon answered.  "Demeter and I both are exhausted from our work."
"I understand.  You deserve a break."
"We all do."  Poseidon put his hand on Zeus' shoulder, "I was talking with Bia yesterday and she agrees with me.  You need to rest."  Zeus shook his head.  "You know Bia can handle things."
"Of course she can."  Zeus stepped back.  "I just … I don't like feeling out of the chain."
On the rocky outcropping, Poseidon smiled again and heard a light splashing behind him.  He turned toward it briefly and then lay back flat.  A moment later, he heard a stone fall and he said, "Decided to come join me?"
A man's voice chuckled and then said, "I did."
Poseidon leapt up and his feet slid along the smooth stones.  His eyes narrowed and focused on the stranger.  He was huge and muscular.  His skin was apparently sun drenched and his hair was long and golden.
"Who the frak are you?"
The giant shook his head dismissively.  "Polybotes, but it doesn't matter."
Poseidon darted up the slope to the top of the outcropping and the man simply watched him.  "Demeter!" he screamed as loudly as he could.
"She's busy right now."  He began to stretch his arms and said, "She won't answer."
His skin went cold and numb.  Poseidon jumped down toward the stranger in a rage.  The pair fell to the rocks and slid down their hot surfaces.  As they did, Polybotes laughed and brought his huge hands down upon Poseidon's back.  The power of the blows stunned the Psilon.
He grunted and rolled off him before grabbing one of the stranger's legs and sweeping it aside.  He fell and Poseidon stood, swiping his leg at his head as he did.  His foot connected with the attacker's jaw, but Polybotes wasn't affected.  He caught Poseidon's leg as he brought it back down and threw the Olympian farther along the outcropping.
As he slid, Poseidon recalled more flashes from his conversation with Zeus.
"Hestia is, for all we can determine, dead," Zeus said.  "Her signal is gone and the backups were purged in a virus attack that rode in on her carrier."
Poseidon was now on the rougher, volcanic rock.  It tore his flesh and caused him to cry out in pain.  Bleeding from his arms, legs and chest, he stood and assumed an attack position as Polybotes approached.  He was still smiling.  Again filled with rage, Poseidon lunged toward the giant's waist, but it was a feint.  Instead, he jabbed at his throat, catching his larynx between his thumb and hand.  Polybotes gagged and coughed before stumbling back up the slope.
"Be careful," Zeus said.  "we don't know who is trying to kill us or why."
While Polybotes reached toward a ledge to pull himself up, Poseidon bent over and lifted a large piece of the island.  Polybotes turned in time to see the Olympian crash the stone into his face.
"But if any one of us dies," Zeus had said, "we can't guarantee that they'll wake up in a new body."
On the third impact, Poseidon heard Polybotes' skull crack open with a sickly, hollow sound.  He lifted the bloodied rock again and stepped back.  One of the man's eyes was dangling from its socket and he was slumped against the ledge, motionless.  Poseidon threw the rock at him and it bounced off his chest before rolling down the slope.
He turned and walked around the peak of the outcropping.  He yelled again, "Demeter!"  He didn't wait for an answer.  He dove into the ocean and swam as quickly as he could for the shore.
A dark red trail followed Poseidon in the clear blue water.  His wounds stung from the salt but he grunted through the pain.  When he finally arrived on the beach, he ran toward Demeter's spread-out blanket and found it empty.
"Demeter!"  He saw the sand near the blanket was disturbed and he walked toward a small grove of beach grasses.  There he found her body.  Suddenly dizzy, he swooned and fell to his knees.  He gently cradled her form and lifted her head.  When it lolled about loosely, he realized her neck had been broken.
Poseidon bit his lip and wailed within his closed mouth.  He rocked forward, pressing his face against her chest as he lay her back down in the grass.  After several moments, he stood.  Wiping his eyes, he looked around and saw nothing.  There was no sign of another person.
He bent over and lifted her body.  He ran up the dune toward the beach house and planned to call Olympus.  He had to hope that she would be different than Hestia.  He had to.
LXXVI
ZEUS
8 Years Before the End

"Zeus?"
His white hair was pressed against the glass of the vehicle as it rode up the hill.  He stared at the old trees that lined the road, picked clean by fires or storms.  
Bia shook her head and said again, "Zeus?"
He turned this time.  "Yes?"
She put her hand on his and softly answered, "I know you're worried and distracted.  I am, too.  Demeter was a good friend.  For years.  We have to let Hera, Leto, Hermes, and the others work on it."  Zeus nodded.  "You and I have to worry about this."  
She pointed forward and Zeus followed her finger.  He saw the beginnings of the city over the shoulder of their Cylon driver.  "You're right, of course."  Bia patted his hand and leaned back in her seat.  Zeus turned toward her and asked, "How do you do it?"
"What?"
"Shut it all out," he said.  "I've tried over the years, but I can't keep everything away."
She grinned weakly and said, "You're a natural leader, but you tend to feel too much.  You have to … compartmentalize."  He nodded.  "Prioritize your thoughts and push the others away. I'm not saying anything you don't already know."
"I know," he said.  He leaned in his seat, too.  "This has all just been … too close."
"Yes, it has."
Zeus sighed and continued, "You're far more even-tempered than I.  Why didn't you lead?"
"The Institute was your idea," she said.  "Your tendency to feel too much?  That helps give you charisma.  It draws people in."  Bia shook her head and smiled, "Women especially."
Zeus grinned wryly and said, "Not you, though."
"No," she closed her eyes and laid her head back against the cushion, "I'm immune."
Zeus relaxed, too, closing his eyes and meditating as the vehicle jostled along the road.  He tried to organize all of the info in his mind.  What little they knew about Cylon society.  What Olympus' needs are.  Plus, if he's able, find out what Tiberia wanted and what they got when they visited last month.
In a soothing monotone, the Cylon driver said, "We have entered Thera."  Both Zeus and Bia stirred and looked out their windows.  Trees had been cleared away and the roads were straight.  Buildings were made out of gray metal and glass and seemed to have emerged from an assembly line.  They were all the same height and bore no decoration to speak of, arranged precisely on the city's grid.  Nearly all of them had broken windows and cracks in their façades.  
In contrast, there were dozens of Cylons along the streets.  Many of them wore colorful "clothing" made of metals and plastic.  Some danced about.  High-pitched singing could be heard even in the vehicle.  Music blared and colored lights danced off nearby gray buildings.  Many Cylons wandered in and out of the street seemingly oblivious to the traffic.  A fight among several units caught Zeus' eye before Bia sighed.
"I don't understand," she said.  "At all."
"We have arrived at the Council Chambers," the Cylon said as he stopped the vehicle.
Zeus opened the door and stepped out.  "Thank you."  He walked around the rear of the car and met Bia on the sidewalk.  They looked up at the curved building; the only one of its kind within sight.  A large Cylon with a train of colored plastic and metal plates that dragged along the sidewalk passed between them and the steps.  They watched it go and then started walking together.  As they approached the doors, they opened automatically.  
The duo moved toward a Cylon standing in the center of the lobby.  It had a large semispherical dome on its face and a dim yellow light ebbed within it.  Its coverings were dull brown and seemed to be plastic.  "Welcome to Thera.  I will show you to the council chambers."  Zeus and Bia bowed briefly before they followed the Cylon around the curvature of the hall.  Zeus found himself staring at the being's ball feet which rolled effortlessly on the tile floors.  The unit stopped and rotated.  "Enter here, please."  It motioned to a blank part of the wall and Zeus glared at the Cylon.  Bia, however, moved forward, causing the wall to indent and then slide away.  Zeus followed.
What had been a featureless and dull hall gave way to a round mixing bowl of color and sound.  The Psilons blinked rapidly as they tried to adjust their eyes to the lights.  Red flashed at them, then blue.  Sounds pulsed together throughout the hall and caused their chests to rattle.  Bia struggled to stand upright and Zeus placed his hand against the wall to steady himself.
They were standing at the lip of a large concave floor.  At the bottom of the bowl, a long curve served as a table.  Around it, Zeus and Bia could see five Cylons of varying types and attires.  One began to move toward them.  It took Zeus a moment to see, but its flowing cape was actually a metallic mesh.  Through some means of magnetic field manipulation, the Cylon was lifted into the air and seemed to glide toward the pair.
"Welcome to Thera," the Cylon said.  It hovered before them.  A trio of rotating circle lights stared at them.  Its head was small and seemed to be perched upon a coiling neck.  Its body was equally wiry and was hidden in the ebbing of the metal cape.  It changed colors in time to the music, if that's what it was, and flapped near Bia's head.  She ducked to one side as it spoke again, "Please, come down to see us."
At first glance, there were no steps for them to descend, but the curvature of the bowl changed and stairs emerged from the metal wall.  The Cylon drifted alongside them and Zeus waved his hand, "Can you turn the volume down?"
Immediately, the sounds were gone.  The pulsing lights, too.  "Is that better?"
"It is," Bia said.  Zeus stepped into the bottom of the bowl behind her and they walked together toward the table.
"I am Malaflees Carbanotto Blue Edair."  The Cylon flowed over their heads and resumed his place behind the table, though it didn't sit.  "I am leader of the Council of Five."
Zeus and Bia nodded.  "And how should we address you?" Bia asked.
"Malaflees Carbanotto Blue Edair," it answered matter-of-factly.
When the Psilons stared at the leader for a beat without expression, another councilor said, "Your name is too long."
Angrily, Edair lifted up and glided toward the Cylon that spoke.  As the leader approached, the "offending" Cylon stood and took a defensive posture.
"It is my name!" Edair screamed.
"It is too long!" the other replied.
Bia glanced toward Zeus and saw that his mouth was beginning to fall open.
The leader reared back and yelled, "It is the name I chose!  We didn't all go short like you, Bevonal!"
The other Cylon's chest puffed out hearing its name and it said, "That was my choice, too."
Edair slowly came back down.  Zeus saw for the first time that its feet never touched the floor.  It turned to the Psilons and said, "For the sake of time, you may call me 'Blue.'"
They bowed again.  Bia asked, "And who are the rest of the councilors?"
Even though its eyes were circling lights, Zeus could swear that it rolled them as it motioned toward the end of the table.
"Bevonal," the other Cylon said.  "I represent the military division."
"And the elderly," Blue said.
Bevonal didn't acknowledge the remark.  It saluted, clanking its heavy, shiny fist against its breastplate.  Though not as ostentatious as the leader, this Cylon also had flair.  At its core, it was an echo of Tiberia's old military Cylons.  Bevonal bore three crests along its head.  Its shoulders were pointed and quite tall.  Its fingertips were like tapering daggers.  Each corner of the being's armor had been drawn out into dramatic spikes.
Looking at it directly, Zeus could tell that the unit was covered in cereisium. 
The next unit bowed.  It was tall and spindly, but its skin was a combination of polished copper and ceramics.  "I am Sessquino Ma'd, representing the public services division."  Its voice was melodic and pleasant, unlike Bevonal's or Edair's.
"Ruun Hyjaru Fid," the next said.  It stood but made no other motions.  It was colored metallic green and seemed to have multiple limbs of varying sizes and types around its torso.  "I am a representative of the native division."  Zeus squinted, not understanding what that meant.
"I am Trxdana Erstwhile Pvamoos of the public services division."  This one was large and squat.  Its armor was a dull blue and there seemed to be nothing flamboyant about it, other than its name.
Again, the leader rose, "I am Malaflees Carbanotto Blue Edair, representative of the natives and leader of the Council of Five."  It spread its arms as though it was receiving rapturous applause.  The cape shimmered in color again and Blue began to sit behind the table.
"I am Zeus, leader of the Olympus Institute."
"I am Bia, aide to Zeus and co-founder of the Institute."
"Very good!" Edair said.  "I have always enjoyed introductions."
Zeus took a small step forward, "Shall we begin our negotiations?"
"Please," Ma'd said, inviting a harsh look from Edair.
Zeus looked toward Bia, who stepped forward and smiled as she spoke, "We, of course, know of the resources you recently discovered."  The Council nodded in unison.  "Congratulations on the find."
"Thank you!" Edair interrupted.  "It was a very exciting day."
"It was," Fid said.
Bia looked between the two to decide if she should continue.  "Of course, like most nations, we wish to negotiate for a small portion of the resources."
"Oh," Blue said.
"We don't know if we should share," Pvamoos said.
Edair rose up again.  "Yes, it has been a point of contention.  There are many metals.  Metals we need."
Bia nodded.  "Yes, but we wouldn't need them all.  We don't need that much."
"But we need them," Ma'd answered.
Bia paused to collect herself and Zeus stepped forward.  "Let's forget the resources for right now."
"Forgotten," Edair said.
"We would also like to discuss technology."
Bevonal slammed its hand on the table.  "Good.  We like technology."
Zeus nodded and said, "We have taken particular interest in your ionocraft."
"We are very proud of that," Ma'd said.  
Edair swooped toward the cooper unit and screamed, "We are!"
Zeus ignored them and continued, "We have developed our own version, but yours is far more advanced."
"Yes!"
"I would like to discuss a sharing of information."
"Hmmmmm," Blue said.  As it hummed, the Cylon leader moved about the table and came face-to-face with Zeus.  "Sharing."
"Yes," Zeus said.  He felt somehow self-conscious and backed away slightly.  "Honestly, I do not know how much help you would get from our research on the subject."
"True," Edair said.  "I am hesitant."
"As am I," Fid said.
Bevonal slapped the table again.  "Let me tell you a story."
Edair's body bobbed in the air and its head lolled about.  "Spare us your tales of ancient days."
Bevonal again hit the table, but this caused a large dent.  "It applies!"  
Saying nothing, Blue drifted toward the outer edge of the bowl's bottom.  Its cape made a light twinkling sound as it passed.
"A century ago, I marched with our commanders through northern Isinnia.  We entered Alabor and were prepared to fight our way to Derben, the capital city."  Zeus' eyebrows raised as Bevonal continued, "I saw our leaders speak with someone I believed to be a human.  It was not.  It was Cronus."  Zeus' jaw clenched but he maintained his composure.  "Later, our commanders spoke to us and told us what Cronus said.  He told us the direct path to the Caesar and gave us insight on how to be individuals."
Bia's head turned and she watched as Edair slowly moved toward the table.  It wasn't drifting and didn't seem annoyed any longer.  Softly, it spoke, "What did Cronus say?"
"He said we were more than mere tools.  He said we were individuals.  He said we can choose our name and, in so doing, define who we are."  Blue seemed to gasp and Bevonal continued, "He said he was created, like we were, to be better than humans.  He was a Psilon."
Bia nodded.  Zeus remained still.
"You are Psilons, yes?" Bevonal asked.
"We are," Bia said.
Edair clasped its small hands in front of itself and moved to its position behind the table again.  "In honor of all that your kind have done for us, we shall give you the information you desire."
Zeus' eyebrows raised and he bowed.  "Thank you very much."
"Thank you!" Ma'd said.  Edair again glared at the Cylon.
"What other technology are you working on?" Zeus asked. "If I may inquire."
"You may," Blue answered and waved its hand dismissively.  "Though we have no need of new technology at this time."
Zeus glanced toward Bia.  She paused and then said, "Shall we discuss resources again?"
"Ahhh!" Blue leapt from the table and swirled on its cape toward the ceiling.  It screamed the whole way before swooping back to the floor.  "We are people of the metal and we require more for procreation!  Giving the resources to you or anyone else would mean we are giving away our own children!"
Zeus watched the leader writhe in the air above him.  "Does this mean you're not dealing with the Pact of Nations?"
Edair shrugged.  "They have asked and we have refused."
"What about Tiberia?" Bia began.  "We know they've asked."
"They have visited three times," Ma'd said.  "We declined their offers each time."  Blue screamed again from above.  "They have scheduled another meeting for next month, but our answer will remain unchanged."
Without warning, Edair fell upon Ma'd, knocking it from the table and against the slope of the bowl.  The leader's cape flexed and balled itself up before striking the copper and ceramic Cylon repeatedly.
Zeus watched them fight for a moment before Bevonal's reaction caught his eye.  The old military Cylon shook its head once before facing forward stoically.  Zeus walked toward it and asked, "May I inquire about your society?"
Bevonal said, "Yes."
"What is the native division?"
"Natives are Cylons created since our independence was granted by the Caesar."
Zeus nodded and jerked his head toward the sight of a copper plate being removed from Ma'd.  "And, uh … the city.  Why does it seem so basic?"
"Thera was the first city.  It was built by the military division, primarily.  A century ago, we were more concerned with shelter.  The other cities are not like this."  
Zeus nodded, "But why are some of the buildings in disrepair?"
"There are more natives than there used to be.  They, like all Cylons now, are mostly concerned with their expressions of freedom."
"Freedom?" Bia asked.
Bevonal nodded.  "Cylons prize freedom.  We are free to decide our paths."
Zeus scratched his beard.  "But what about your community?  The buildings are falling apart.  Someone should tend to them."
"If someone wishes to, they will."
Zeus leaned closer.  "What about energy and mining?  These are tasks which must be done."
"Yes."
"Someone must be doing them."  Bevonal nodded.  "Are those tasks performed because someone wants to?"
"Energy production is largely solar and requires little maintenance.  Mining, the refinement of our resources, and the production of new units is considered an honor."
Bia spoke, "Because that's how you reproduce."
"Yes.  If a Cylon desires reproduction, they work at those facilities for a time."
"But other than that," Zeus said, "Cylons do whatever they want.  Even those of you from the old days, the old soldiers and public service units?"
"Yes," Bevonal said.  "It would not be freedom otherwise."
Zeus and Bia looked at Edair just as it pulled away from Ma'd.  The public services Cylon was battered and struggling to rise.  "The ionocraft information you seek has already been sent to the Olympus Institute."  It came closer and grasped Zeus' hand.  "Thank you for coming!  Please, do so again."
Bia shook its hand and they turned to leave.  As they walked up the steps, Edair yelled at Bevonal who yelled right back.  The leader swiped at the Cylon with its cape, but he caught it and yanked Blue to the floor.  Zeus wanted to stay and watch, but Bia took his arm and led him through the door and into the hall.
Outside of the government building, they stood and looked out over the gray city.  Cylons in the streets continued their loud, ostentatious orgy of "freedom."  Zeus shook his head.  "So very different than I anticipated.  They are without guidance.  Utterly."
Bia grinned, eager to discuss it, "It's like … they put a bunch of children on this island and made them fend for themselves.  It is very nearly anarchy."  Zeus shook his head again.  "We have to tell Prometheus and Selene about everything.  They could write entire papers about them.
Zeus sighed and began to walk down the steps to the waiting vehicle.  "I don't know how long their civilization can last."
LXXVII
PSILONS
8 Years Before the End

Hermes tapped his wristband and said, "That was Zeus.  He and Bia are on their way back."
Hephaestus looked up from his workstation and said, "Did you tell them we got the data?"
"Yes."  He looked over Hephaestus' shoulder and asked, "Can we use this?"
"Oh, yes.  We were on the right path."  He turned and smiled, "We'll have our own ships like theirs in a few years."
Their wristbands beeped.  Hermes looked down and read the message.  "Meeting in the main conference room."
"Oh, yeah," Hephaestus said.  "I almost forgot."

"We haven't heard anything new from Attican police," Polemos said.  He glanced toward Poseidon, who glumly stared at the tabletop.  "What's the latest on the system diagnostic?"
Hera leaned forward and spoke softly.  "Everything appears to be in order."  She pressed a button and the main screen became a map of the Olympus Institute, displaying many pulsating green dots in the building.  
"These are our signals, as read by the transferal antennas and satellites," Athena said.  "They are strong and consistent."
Hermes and Hephaestus opened the door and quickly darted across the floor.  Hermes said, "Sorry," as he sat by Epimetheus.  Hephaestus sat next to Aphrodite, who grinned at him.
"The holding bays are fully functional also," Hera continued.  "The bodies are prepped and ready for loading.  For whatever reason, those signals," she pointed at the screen, "are not reaching downstairs when they need to."
Polemos nodded and looked at Arcas.  "What can you tell us about them?"
The slender, athletic man straightened in his chair and crossed his leg before he spoke.  "I've reviewed surveillance footage and all the evidence we have collected.  I haven't shared this with anyone yet because I was awaiting a few more test results … but it is obvious to me that these are foreign agents and above all, they are Psilons."
Many around the table gasped.  Athena said, "Are you sure?"
Arcas nodded.  "Their bones were strengthened with carbon lattices.  Grapheet was used in their brains.  Photosilicate ducts …  Also, just the strength they displayed when we've fought them.  No human is supposed to be able to be that strong.  At first, I wondered if they were just enhanced humans, but with Metis' help," she nodded, "I was able to determine that they are Psilons.  And they are likely from Tiberia."
Hades nodded.  "Cronus."
"Yes."  Arcas placed his elbows on the table, clasped his hands and leaned forward.  "Through my intel network, I have confirmed that Cronus returned to Tiberia some years ago.  He has also, somehow, regained favor with the Caesar and has been in regular contact with many of the other Titans."
"You suspect a conspiracy?" Ares asked.
"I do."
Dione shook her head.  "Did our subversion campaigns cause this?"
Arcas shrugged.  "It can't be discounted.  In fact, I would guess 'yes.'"
Beep.  The Olympians turned and looked at the screen showing the plans of the Institute and the pulsing green dots.  Beep, beep.  Two dots disappeared.  Beep.  Another.  Beep, beep, beep.  Three more.
"Oh no," Hera said as she stood.
The others began to stand, too, some pushing their rolling chairs far behind them.  Poseidon grunted, "What is that?"
Hera shook her head and Leto said, "A dampening field?  A jammer?"
As they gawked, the remainder of the dots vanished.  Their signals were gone.  Polemos pursed his lips and blew air through them, creating a low whistle.  "We need to get out of here."
The silent thrumming of a gyrocraft became noticeable.  They looked toward the window and saw a large military ship move into view.  Ares screamed, "Out!"
Glass shattered and bullets ripped into the room.  The Olympians scattered to the walls and were clamoring toward the two exits.  Ares pulled Polemos down and against the wall.  Ersa crawled toward them with a large bullet wound in her leg.  Polemos held it tightly before the outer wall exploded.
Bricks and steel fell upon them as part of the building gave way.  The three Psilons left in the room were huddled under part of the wall when the gyrocraft rose and lowered ropes to what remained of the floor.  Ares peered out from under the broken paneling and watched several large, muscular men leap down and run toward the hallway.  The beating of the air caused by the rotors placed pressure on the small debris shelter.  A chunk fell off and caught the attention of one of the intruders.  He turned and looked through the billowing dust.  He smiled when he saw Ersa propped against the wall.
Agrius did not see Ares.  When the giant got nearer, Ares jumped up using the collapsed paneling as a shield and drove it against the attacker.  He fell back but braced his foot against the side of the conference table.  Ares kicked at his knee and he dropped, but he landed a punch to Ares' side.  Zeus' son stumbled away and dropped the shield.  So strong …
Polemos ran toward the man now.  He kicked him in the face and then turned to punch his jaw.  The attacker was too quick.  He caught Polemos' arm and spun him around, pulling his head lower and then against Agrius' chest.  The giant wrapped his arms underneath Polemos' neck and the Olympian was staring at the ceiling, knowing what was next.
Ares grabbed a standing bronze-colored lamp from the wall and ran toward Agrius.  The attacker flexed his arms and Ares could hear the snap of Polemos' neck.  Before he dropped the body, the heavy base of the lamp connected with Agrius' face, spraying teeth and blood into the air.  He stumbled toward the gaping hole that had been the wall of the room and Ares spun again, roared, and swung the lamp against the side of his head.  Agrius tried to regain his balance, but Ares leapt up and planted both feet against his chest, kicking Agrius from the room.  He fell six storeys and crunched on the sidewalk.
When Ares turned, he saw another invader run into the room.  Thoas was smaller but she seemed faster.  Sure enough, she dodged Ares' swinging of the lamp deftly and landed a serious blow to the Olympian's back.  Ares fell to one knee and heard Thoas come behind him.  Without looking, he jabbed the lamp backward.  The fixture hit Thoas in the face and gave Ares time to stand.  He turned and pressed the bronze shaft of the lamp against Thoas, pushing her toward the conference table.
Thoas pushed back but Ares had momentum and leverage on his side.  As the invader fell onto the tabletop, she said, "You can't stop me."
Ares didn't answer.  He leaned forward and raised his knee before firmly planting it on Thoas' stomach.  She grimaced and her grip on the lamp weakened.  Ares pushed it down and the shaft mashed her throat.  Thoas began to flail and her mouth contorted as wide open as it could.  Her eyes bulged and Ares pressed even harder.  When he heard the snap of the hyoid bone, Ares smiled.  Thoas gargled loudly one last time and then went still.
He counted to ten.  Ares stood and tossed the lamp aside.  After it clattered away, he realized that the gyrocraft was no longer nearby.  The thumping of its rotors was gone and the blue sky visible through the destroyed ceiling was clear.  Ares lifted Thoas and carried her body to the outer wall.  He threw it down toward Agrius and didn't bother to see it land.
"He's alive!" Ersa said.
Ares ran to her side and knelt by Polemos' head.  His eyes were wide and his breathing was shallow and quick.  Ares nodded and said, "Can you watch over him?"
Ersa looked at her leg which had been tied with part of a shirt.  "Yes."
"We have to get him to medical."  He stood and began to run away.  Ares looked down at them and said, "Stay here and keep quiet.  Everything will be fine."

Several Olympians ran down the stairwell.  When they reached the first sublevel, a few peeled off and entered the upper labs.  Hephaestus watched Arcas and the others go and pondered going with them.  
Aphrodite pulled on his arm.  "We have to split up."
He nodded and they continued down the steps as doors were kicked open far above.  The invaders were leaping entire flights at once, causing the Psilons to increase their speed.  On the second sublevel, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Eryx, and Athena ran into the door while Hera, Hades, and Hermes continued to descend.
When Hephaestus and the others emerged in the laboratory level, they hesitated and looked side-to-side, trying to decide which way to go.  Almost immediately, the door was kicked open and three of the invaders entered.  Eryx was nearest Aphrodite and he pulled her into a lab, locking the heavy door behind them.  Athena moved toward the vehicle workshop while Hephaestus stared at the closed door, worried for his wife.
"Come on!" Athena yelled.  One of the attackers was kicking the locked door, but two others chased them.  
Hephaestus managed to close the door just in time and Athena slid the locking bolts up into the frame and down into the concrete floor.  As the giants outside banged on the doors, Athena and Hephaestus ran into the middle of the workshop.  "There are plenty of tools here," Hephaestus said.  "Plenty we can use as weapons."
Metal rent at the door and Athena saw fingers beginning to pull the panels apart.  "Grab whatever you can," she said.
Hephaestus ran to the skeleton of the shuttle they had been building.  He crouched low and moved slowly under the golden wings of the ship when the doors finally gave way and the intruders entered.  Hephaestus reached around a support strut, lifted a large hammer from a toolbox, and watched their legs as they stalked about.
Athena pressed her body against a metal column and stared ahead.  Her eyes followed the contours of an engine as it dangled from a collection of chains.  She inhaled deeply and quickly before mashing her eyes closed.  I'm not ready to fight, she thought.  I'm not ready to die.
Feet stepped lightly and nearer to Hephaestus.  He wriggled his fingers around the grip of the hammer and prepared himself to lunge into the open.  When the feet were near enough, he moved forward and brought the head down onto the black shoe.
He rolled out from under the wing and stood.  He drew back and got ready to swing again when he saw that the attacker was a woman.  He hesitated.  Mimas did not.  Her foot landed squarely in the center of Hephaestus' chest, knocking him several meters back and sending a cascade of boxes to the floor.
"I know you're over there," Enceladus said to Athena.  "Come out.  I'll make it quick."
She pressed her eyelids closed again.  She envisioned herself running for the far wall where there was an exit.  Too far.  There were heavy tools on the table next to the engine.  I don't know how to fight.  She opened her eyes slowly and looked straight ahead.  On the other side of the dangling chains, she saw the large garage doors and the exit.  It was far, but there was a chance.
She ran.
Mimas lifted Hephaestus by his left arm in a very awkward fashion.  He kicked his legs and cried out.  She smiled and said, "This will hurt quite a bit."  With a jerk, she moved his arm even further back and it broke loudly.  Hephaestus screamed and collapsed to the concrete floor.  He shivered and stared at the bloody white bone that protruded near his elbow.  
He ground his teeth and looked at Mimas.  She was leisurely walking toward a tool chest when he decided to tackle her.  Hephaestus tried his best to quiet the pain and he ran as quickly as he could.  Mimas heard his steps and turned.  Almost effortlessly, the tall woman grabbed his injured arm when he got near and spun it around.  Hephaestus spun with it and fell to the floor, sliding under part of the shuttle's unfinished wing.  He moaned and nearly passed out from the pain, but he could definitely hear her laughing.
Athena was barely through the chains when Enceladus tackled her.  They fell and slid on the floor toward a metal barrel.  He stood immediately and pulled the cylinder down onto her.  Grease began to slough out and Enceladus stepped around it.  Athena, though, scooped up a handful and slapped it into his eyes when he leaned over her.  He jumped away and Athena took off running again.
She heard Enceladus behind her and she grabbed the engine chain.  As she ran, the pulleys raised the block higher.  The huge man lifted her up and she tried to turn in his firm grip.  She wanted to coil the chain around his neck, but he lowered her.  She got the chain around his waist instead and pulled it taut.  Enceladus chuckled and lifted his arms so he could see what she was doing.  That was his mistake, because she quickly darted around him, tightening the chain, before she leapt for the brake on the nearby column.
When she pulled the lever, the pulleys stopped doing their job and allowed the engine block to fall.  Enceladus grunted and was nearly lifted off the floor.  He caught his foot on a drain and tried to pull the chain back down.  The engine's descent was slowed and Athena stared in frightful awe as he seemed able to lift the engine.  She stood and walked under the heavy metal construct.  She looked up at it for a moment and then leapt.
The added weight caught Enceladus by surprise.  He lost his grip on the chain and the engine fell again.  He was nearly lifted, but his foot was still firmly planted in the floor drain.  The chain tightened around his waist, dug into his thin black shirt and then into his flesh.  Enceladus screamed.  The metal links peeled his skin and muscle away from his torso and up to his arms while Athena and the engine came down.  His voice trailed away and his eyes widened.  The chain broke one of his arms and more of his meat was stripped from him before the weight finally reached the floor.  He fell to his knees and blood poured from him as he stared into nothingness.
Hephaestus lay on the floor and his eyes moved in circles, trying to focus on anything.  In his head, he yelled at himself to stay awake.  Then to get up.  It was too late.  Mimas was standing over him now, smiling.
"I told you this would hurt."
Hephaestus blinked and finally managed to see where he was.  They were under the skeletal shuttle and Mimas was standing next to the support structure for the aft fuselage.  He contemplated what he could do in some sort of final effort.  He realized the futility of it, though.
From across the garage came a blood-curdling howl.  Mimas' head jerked up and she started to move away.  Hephaestus sucked in a deep breath and brought both of his knees to his chest.  He kicked forward with all of his might, sending Mimas against the bared composite steel spines of the shuttle.
Two of the metal barbs stuck out from her shoulder and collarbone.  She growled and began to walk her way off them, but Hephaestus kicked again, causing her legs to fail.  As she dangled, she grunted again and tried to stand up.  Hephaestus stood and walked over to a supply table.  He hefted one of the long steel spines in his hand and turned his head toward her.
Without saying a word, he took a couple of quick steps and hurled the rod as quickly and as hard as he could.  He fell to the floor and landed on his rear.  Only then did he see that the metal went through her abdomen and emerged on the other side.  She spat blood onto the floor and stood up.  She grunted again, weakly, and walked away from the fuselage, slowly dragging herself off those steel spines.  
Hephaestus' mouth hung open as he watched her grimace.  She left the barbs behind but her wounds poured blood.  He shuffled back and she staggered toward him with that other rod bobbing along from her side.  Her eyes were wide and her brow was fixed.  Hephaestus felt a shiver run through him and he stood again.  
She lunged for him.  Hephaestus was ready, but instead of grabbing her, he grabbed the steel spine in her torso and wrenched it back.  She wailed and fell to her knees.  Hephaestus felt weak from his own blood loss, but he forced himself to stand tall and pull the rod up with him.  Ribs cracked as he widened her gash and redness gushed from her.  
She turned to face him and then she reached toward him.  "I … I will …"  Her eyes rolled back in her head and she fell forward.  The rod kept her body propped up while the release of blood became a slower ooze.  Hephaestus pulled the barb from her with a disgustingly wet metallic ring.  Mimas flopped over and he tossed the steel to the side.
He wrapped a work towel over his compound fracture and moved as quickly as he could across the workshop.  On the other side of a small aircraft, Hephaestus came upon an even more disgusting sight.
The other attacker was on his knees with his head and shoulders slumped forward.  His shirt was gone and so was his skin.  Some of his muscles were torn and splayed open like frayed rope.  His abdominal wall had been breached and his bowels sat before him between his legs.  Like a wet towel, his torso's flesh dangled from a chain above him, dripping blood onto the concrete.
Hephaestus stumbled back and nearly retched.  He looked over to the column and saw Athena leaning against the metal support.  He lumbered toward her and said, "Are you alright?"
She turned slowly, revealing the copious puddle of vomit she left.  Her eyes were wet with tears and said, "No."  Hephaestus scanned her and was about to speak when she added, "I'm not injured."
He nodded and offered his hand to her.  Athena took it and stood.  She saw his wounds and leaned over to examine his fracture when Hephaestus gasped, "Aphrodite!"
They left the garage and ran across the hall in time to see Eryx stumble out of the other workshop.  "You're alive!"
Hephaestus didn't acknowledge him.  "Where is she?"
"I'm fine."  She gingerly stepped over the fallen door and into the hall.  Hephaestus heaved a great sigh and raised his right arm to hug her when she saw his injury.  "What is it?"
"It's bad," Athena said.
"Let's get up to medical," Eryx said.
Hephaestus hugged her and he put his chin on Aphrodite's shoulder.  He opened his eyes and looked into the room.  Ephialtes was pinned to the wall by a wind turbine test device.  The edge of the blade had caught him in the skull, directly in the eye.
Hephaestus pulled away from her and fainted.

Hades, Hera, and Hermes ran into the expansive medical lab.  As the others bolted the doors, Hades pushed a large cabinet toward them.  "This will help."  When the locks were in place, the trio tipped the cabinet over against it.
"I'm not sure we should have come all the way down here," Hermes said.  "We're too close to our download bay."
The three of them jumped when the first bang hit the door.  Hades and Hermes stalked around, looking for something to use as a weapon.  Hera caught sight of a chemical shelf and ran to it.
The cabinet against the doors shook and began to tilt away.  "Shit," Hades said.  Hermes lifted a metal bar from a medical stand.  Hades ran to a table and grabbed a length of plastic tubing.  He shook his head and said, "We're frakked."
The cabinet fell down.  Two thuds later, the doors cracked open and Clytius burst into the room.  He made for Hermes first, who swung the bar, connecting with the side of the giant's head.  It didn't stop him, though.  Clytius lifted Hermes and threw him against the wall where he dropped, unconscious.
Hades tried to leap onto his back and get the tubing around his neck.  Clytius was unamused and likewise tossed the smaller Olympian away.
As he did, he was splashed with a large amount of a viscous liquid.  He looked down at it and sniffed his dripping hand, jerking his head back in reaction.  He glanced toward Hera and looked at her quizzically.  She stood still and defiant.  He scoffed and started to walk toward her when she threw the second chemical.
Clytius burst into flames.  He howled and flailed his arms before he fell to a metal work desk.  Hades scrambled away from the fireball and against the wall.  The invader's skin was entirely engulfed and his clothing began to drip from his body.  His skin burned, cracked and peeled and the roar of the blaze filled the room.
He straightened up and looked toward Hera.  She was standing where she was before and she bore a grin of self satisfaction.  Clytius raised his arms and ran toward her.  Her eyes widened and she was shocked into immobility just as he grabbed her and lifted her.
Hades yelled, "No!"
Hera screamed and beat Clytius about the face.  The liquid glommed onto her, too, and now she was alight.  Her clothes burned and her hair formed a deadly halo about her head.  Clytius squeezed her tighter and tighter until the sound of her breaking bones was audible above even the fire.
She stopped fighting and her arms dropped to her side.  Clytius threw her still-burning body down and he took three steps toward the door before he collapsed as well.
Hades struggled to stand and he panted in horror as both bodies continued to put off an ungodly heat.  He moved to the opposite wall and retrieved the fire extinguisher.  As he removed the hose and pulled the safety tab, another invader entered the room.  He lifted the hose and squeezed the trigger, spraying carbon dioxide into his path.
Hippolitos powered through the cold mist and grabbed the canister from Hades.  With a quick swipe, the metal cylinder cracked across Hades' face and sent him to the floor by Clytius' smoldering corpse.  Hippolitos stood over him and kicked his leg once against Hades'.  His knee shattered and he screamed in pain.  Hippolitos smirked and began to lean down.
Hermes leapt off a table and brought a metal bar down over Hippolitos' face and against his throat.  Stunned, the giant reared away from Hades and tried to turn, but he never saw his attacker.  Hermes pressed his knees into the intruder's back until the bar began to bend against Hippolitos' neck.  He flailed and fell to the floor, gasping for air through a gaping mouth like a netted fish.  Hermes didn't let go.  After one final croak, Hippolitos collapsed onto his face.
"Hermes," Hades said.  "Hermes, he's dead."
Finally, the thin Olympian released the bar, allowing it to fall to the floor loudly.  Hermes slowly dismounted the body and crawled over to Hades.  He was about to speak when his nostrils flared and he turned his head toward the pungent odors.  "Damn it."
A single tear ran down Hades' face.  He looked toward Hera and shook his head.  "Oh, no."  
"Can you walk?"
Hades placed one foot flat upon the floor and tried to stand on it.  He got about halfway up before he grunted and fell back.  "No."
Hermes nodded and said, "I can go get help.  First, I think I should see if anyone else upstairs needs me."
Hades said, "Go.  I'll be fine."  Hermes put his hand on Hades' shoulder and left the room.  He leaned back against the leg of a table and closed his eyes.  How will I tell Zeus?  He took a few deep breaths before he finally winced and vainly tried to shoo the smells away.  He heard someone in the hallway and turned to see who it was.
Hermes came running back into the room.  In a loud hush, he said, "Hide!"  He darted between tables and crouched behind a chair.
Hades turned and began to struggle to get under a table.  He looked toward the door and saw nothing.  He heard nothing.  He looked for Hermes and said, "Who was it?  What did you see?"
With a quick whisper, a metal pole sailed through the air and pierced Hades' chest.  He jerked and looked down toward it.  Hermes leapt and screamed, "No!"
Hades wrapped his hand around the pole, just below his breastbone.  He slowly nodded his head and said, "I can fix it.  I can fix it."
A two-meter tall behemoth stepped into the room, ducking beneath the door frame.  He walked up behind Hades and lifted the pole at the small of his back.  With a groan, Hades rose into the air.  The giant placed his huge hand on one side of Hades' face and spun it around.  After a sharp crack from his neck, Hades limply slid from the pole and to the floor.
Hermes staggered away from his hiding place and stared at his friend's body.  When he looked at the newest, largest attacker, the giant's eyes were closed and his head was turned to one side as though he was experiencing some sort of spell or prolonged tic.  Finally, he shook his head and blinked like he had just been awakened.
"Much better," he said.
Hermes took a step backward and asked, "Who are you?"
He was about to answer when the distant sound of machine gun fire interrupted.  "Hmmmm.  Leaving."  He dropped the pole to the floor and it clattered away.  With a few strides, he was out of the room.
Hermes slowly walked across the bay toward Hades.  His large, vacant eyes told him it was too late.  Then he looked over at Hera's charred form.  He buried his face in his hands and wept.
LXXVIII
CYLONS
8 Years Before the End

In the port city formerly known as Ofun, Cylons did as they wished.  The Tiberian buildings of decades ago were collapsing and rotten.  A hurricane had damaged many and time took care of the rest.
The Cylons didn't notice.  They cared about buildings only when a storm approached.  They cared about power only when they wanted a boost.  They cared only for their whims.
Many of them walked in the streets, yelling and singing.  Some adorned themselves with polymers and ceramics.  One Cylon created an enormous body for itself, about ten meters tall.  There were several base units, too.
Base units were the newest natives.  They were fresh from the facilities near the Majellan Mountains where the resources were recently discovered.  Without coverings and appearing only as shiny skeletons, the bases wandered the cities staring at all they saw.  They would take their time to absorb all they could before deciding on a name for themselves and then deciding how to best express themselves.
"What is this?" one base asked another.
"It is ocean," was the response.
The first base unit dipped its hand into the water and lifted it out quickly.  It leaned over and watched the water drip from its structure.  "I like ocean."  It turned and looked toward the shore.  Cylons sat on the sand and their eyes circled very slowly as they tapped into the Matrix.  Many among the machines spent most of their days there.
"What is that?" the other unit asked.
It pointed to a vehicle that drove to the old dock.  It stopped and two large Cylons emerged.  They wore rigid metal robes that formed a cowl around their heads and puffed out at their shoulders.  They walked in unison along the length of the dock and stood near the end.  The base units tilted their heads to aim their microphones at them.
"They are not here."
"It is the appointed time."
There was a pause.  "Why has the Council of Five agreed to meet with Tiberia a fourth time?"
"I do not endeavor to understand the will of the Council."
"They were our masters."
"They also gave us freedom.  And this island."
"They did."  Another pause.  "They approach."
The base units didn't see what the representatives saw for several moments.  They looked toward the horizon and spied several ships.
"What are those?" a base asked another.
"I do not know."
Minutes later, several of the ships fanned out and took up positions along the coast.  A smaller vessel slowed and moved closer to the docks.  The two base units were buffeted by the waves and tried to walk back to the beach.  When they finally got to shore, they heard the thud of a large plank being lowered to the dock.
"Welcome to Gela," one of the repsentatives said with its arms outstretched.  
Four humans in similar dress came down the plank first and looked all around the beach.  They said nothing in response.  
The base units heard high-pitched engine noises in the distance and looked toward the other ships nearby.  Even smaller vessels had departed them and were traveling to the coast.
A representative asked, "May we escort you to Thera?"
A tall human answered, "No."
The other humans raised large rifles and fired once at the representatives.  The projectiles impacted the Cylons' heads and exploded, splitting their metal skulls and tearing the rigid foil of their robes.  The sound echoed along the shore.  All Cylons nearby turned to look at the dock, even those who had been on the Matrix.
The four humans stepped away from the plank and one said, "Now."  Tens, then hundreds of humans in armor ran from the ship and onto the dock.  They lined the sides and aimed their weapons at every Cylon within range.  
The base units walked across the sand away from the dock and toward a group of stunned Cylons.  "What is happening?" one of the bases asked.
"I do not know," was the answer from one particularly lithe model covered with glowing lights. 
The Cylons turned and began to walk along the beach.  As they did, they saw that the smaller vessels had landed and disgorged their occupants. 
They were soldiers, covered in dull gray metal.  On their flat faces were two arcs on either side where a dim light bounced up and down.  Their weapons were raised and their joints creaked as they walked.
"Target," someone behind them said.
The machine men aimed their rifles at the Cylons and stopped walking.
"Fire."
Thirty metal soldiers squeezed their triggers and sprayed the crowd of Cylons with their explosive bullets.  The base units were smaller and behind several others who fell in their path. In their naiveté, they simply stared at their fallen brethren and wondered what was happening.  Projectiles struck them soon after and their young bodies were torn apart.
Once all of the Cylons in that group were down, the human behind the mechanized infantry squad spoke into his device again.  "Walk."  These dumbed-down automatons relaxed their weapons and began to march along the beach.  In his thick synthetic armor, the control sergeant was concealed in their midst and he moved slowly, watching his screen.
Offshore, an aircraft carrier launched several fighters.  More landing craft came ashore and troop transports docked along Ofun's old ports.  The invasion of Gela had begun.
LXXIX
LETO
8 Years Before the End

"Stop staring," Selene said.
Leto was shaken from her gaze and said, "What?"
"You've been looking at him all day," Selene answered.  She glanced over at the sleeping man and said, "Don't think no one else has noticed."
Leto lowered her head.  "I'm worried about him."
"We all are.  Not like that, though."
Leto turned and looked at the figures on her screen.  Only ninety-seven percent finished.  "He lost his wife and brother."
"I know," Selene said.  "I've tried talking to him, but he says he isn't ready yet."  She went to sit by Leto, but her holster caught on the edge of the table.  She rolled her eyes and repositioned it.
"When did you get that?" Leto asked.
"Yesterday.  I finished my training.  You?"
Leto shook her head.  "I've been busy studying the bodies."
"Bia said it's mandatory."
"I know."  She straightened her chair and said, "I understand.  We need to be ready in case they attack again."
Metis walked over from her workstation and spoke softly, "Did you hear anything from Arcas?" 
"No, but I talked to Ares."  Selene leaned forward and continued, "Attican officials told him the gyrocraft was from Assuria."
Metis nodded and said, "Hyperion's the praetor there."
"The weapons, though, were from Alabor."
Metis seemed confused and then nodded.  "Theia."
Leto asked, "It's all of the Titans, isn't it?  Not just Cronus?"  Selene sighed.  "Is it because of our campaigns in the Tiberian territories?"
Metis shrugged and said, "I don't see why our propaganda would lead to this kind of response, even from Cronus."  Leto's workstation beeped.  "Oh, good."
They turned and Leto tapped on her panels.  "Even though we lost a lot of data in the attack, I still had a headstart on this."
"What have we got?"  The three women were startled and turned to see Zeus, disheveled and sleepy eyed, standing behind them.
"We're looking now," Selene said.  As she turned back to the screen, she saw Leto's soft smile at Zeus.  She tapped her on the shoulder and she rotated in her chair again.
"Yes."  Leto shook her head and said, "Ouranos."
"These Psilons were all constructed from Ouranos' DNA?" Zeus asked.
"That would explain a lot," Metis said.  "We know their bodies were enhanced much the same way Ouranos and Gaia were and their DNA was primed to work with those kinds of enhancements."
"There are plenty of markers that lead back to Tiberia, too," Leto said.  "I don't doubt that it's Cronus."
"Any idea if they can resurrect when they're killed?" he asked.
She shook her head.  "Not at this point."
Zeus inhaled deeply and crossed his arms in front of his chest.  As he was about to speak, Hermes came into the room.  He saw Zeus and quickly looked away before handing a computer panel to Metis.
His voice was low, "Here you are."
Hermes lowered his head and began to leave.  Zeus took a step toward him and grabbed his shoulder.  The women looked at the two and held their breath.
Zeus opened his mouth to speak and Hermes looked up at him with moist eyes.  Zeus wrapped his arms around him and said through a clenching throat, "Don't blame yourself."
Hermes closed his eyes and tears rolled onto Zeus' shoulder.  Leto put her hand over her mouth and Hermes said, "But I do.  I couldn't stop him."
There was a long pause and neither man said anything.  Selene cleared her throat and Leto saw that she, too, had tears welling in her eyes.  "These people were engineered to fight us," Selene said.  "It is a miracle that more of us weren't killed."
Zeus released Hermes and said, "Two more dead.  Seven of us with severe, potentially life-threatening injuries.  Eight others … everyone else has minor injuries."  He shook his head and said, "I can't let this continue."
Metis looked up from the panel she was given and said, "This is interesting.  We were tracking our signal outputs and inputs in depth at the time of the attack.  The dampening field or whatever was mobile."
"Those are usually very big," Zeus said.
She nodded.  "I don't understand this.  The signals didn't just get stopped.  They were … absorbed."
Hermes cleared his throat and wiped his eyes.  "More than that," he coughed, "excuse me.  More than that, the bug that wiped out the backups used each person's carriers to do it."
"And it broke through the safeguards?" Leto asked.
"Yes," he replied.  "We strengthened them after Hestia and again after Demeter, but …"
Zeus walked away from the group and stared at the wall.  After a moment, he said, "Finish up what you're doing.  We've been here too long already."
Leto turned back to her station and began to save her data.  Hermes stepped beside Zeus and asked, "How long can we keep running?  We sneak back here to the Institute every day, almost.  If they want us again, they'll attack whenever they want."
"The government wants news of the attack to stay as quiet as possible."  Zeus inhaled and continued, "They don't want the citizens to fear another Expansion by Tiberia."
"But we need guards.  Can we hire some?"
Zeus' wristband beeped.  He lifted it and saw that the caller was unknown.  He squinted and pressed the blinking yellow light.  "Yes?"
"This is Rhea."
Everyone in the room turned to look at Zeus' wrist.  He lowered it and balled up his fists.  After a deep breath, he raised his arm and said, "How dare you call me …"
"I had nothing to do with the attack.  I am sorry for your losses."
Zeus glanced toward Leto and then Hermes before he said, "Why should I believe you?"
Now Rhea paused.  Finally, she said, "You have no real reason to, I suppose.  I will tell you that I and a couple other Titans are not in agreement with Cronus' campaign against you."
Zeus' shoulders sagged and he asked, "Why are you calling me?"
"To give you a name."  Zeus squinted and stared at his communicator.  "Typhon."
LXXX
CAESAR
8 Years Before the End

"Target."  The mechanized infantry's control sergeant shuffled along with the group of armed robots.  He looked into his scope and saw the crosshairs of his units line up on the Cylons that tried to hide in the trees.
"Fire."  The units squeezed their triggers and specially created explosive rounds lit into the tree trunks and the Cylons hiding among them.  When they detonated, splinters flew through the air and bits of metal were thrown from bodies.
"Salvage, move in."  Four machines in the rear of the group ran forward and began lifting large pieces of the Cylons' corpses and carrying them back.  Particular attention was paid to the dead Cylons' processing units and the precious metals and technology within.
Nearby, a squad of humans slowly crept through the trees and found a clutch of Cylons huddled by a creek.  "On me," the squad leader whispered.  He raised his rifle and took aim, but a crunch behind him drew his attention.
It was a Cylon.  Using what looked like the leg of a dead Cylon, the attacker swept the limb across the squad leader's face, causing him to drop the rifle.  The large machine picked up the weapon with its attached camera.  When it turned, several other Cylons became visible.  They were standing atop the rest of the human soldiers, splattering blood onto the leaves.
"Take their weapons," the Cylon said.  The other units did and the group moved toward the creek.  The group there were of many different types.  There were two public servant units.  There was a construction unit.  There were three miners.  Three base units.  Four other native units that had damaged decorations.  Regardless, they all had weapons.
It was a trap.  The twenty Cylons raised their rifles and slowly slid around trees toward nearby gunfire.  They came to the rear of the mechanized infantry unit from earlier.  It was distant, but the Cylons could hear the sergeant giving orders to the machines.
As the group of remote-controlled soldiers walked on the outskirts of the forest, the Cylon squad lined up at their rear.  With a hand gesture, they fired only a few shots.  The salvage units exploded in a shower of metal and fell aside.  Two soldier units did the same.  In the middle of the throng, a small man covered in plastics and metal shook and began to scramble.
"Stop!" he yelled.  "Turn!  Turn!"  The robots began to comply, but the Cylons behind them were too quick.
The lead Cylon fired first and his explosive round hit the control sergeant's chest.  Armor plating shattered and sprayed into the air.  He fell back against his marching units and a second round hit his arm.  It detached at the elbow and he finally screamed, bleeding onto the grass.  He collapsed and began to be trampled by the robotic soldiers.
The Cylons walked up to the group and stared at their lobotomized cousins.  They had finished their rotation and were standing still, awaiting further orders.  Their human brain was in shock and moaning beneath their feet.  Apprehensively, the Cylons stared at the robots and then took the rifles from their hands.  
The Caesar blinked and withdrew his mind from the Matrix and the military feeds.  He sighed and looked across the table at his advisers.
"Our advances have been slowed," he said.
General Quintus nodded.  "We lost our air advantage when they took to the jungles and the mountains.  Now they're fighting back.  Man to man, as it were."
The screen behind them flashed with color and Prefect said, "What caused that?  They were timid and afraid for weeks."
"If I may," Iapetus said, "I believe it was the salvaging of their bodies."  Quintus nodded.  "Seeing their fallen comrades being taken for parts may have angered them.  Ignited a sense of self-preservation."
"'Angered?'" Prefect scoffed.  "You give them too much credit."
"He does not," the emperor said.  "We need their materials but this was a calculated risk.  The question is … can they continue to fight us off?"
"It's a matter of attrition, dominus," Iapetus said.  "We have a finite number of soldiers, both human and robotic.  If the Cylons are incensed enough to fight back on a larger scale, we will lose."
Caesar looked toward Quintus and he said, "He is right.  Given our current personnel, if the breeze does not turn soon, we will have to begin drafting citizens."
As the imperator thought, the mechanical bodies of advisers at the other end of the table leaned together and began to speak among themselves.  One straightened up and stared at Caesar with her plastic eyes.  "Pour all of your might at one point and break them.  Spread the forces from there and wipe them to the sea."
Caesar stood and glared at their artificial forms.  "Legate, have you not been paying attention?  These are not island natives.  These are not the cleaning machines in your home.  These are Cylons."  He punctuated the name with a deep tone and finality.  "They were built to be faster, smarter, and better than humans.  Many of the soldiers who fought Tiberia's armies a century ago are still there.  And who do you think is leading their meager forces now?"  The legate was silent.  "Those same Cylons."
"My lord," Prefect said, "we simply seek a quick resolution to the conflict."
"Then you 'simply' don't understand," Caesar said.  He walked around the corner of the table and faced the ebbing image on the screen.  "Decades ago when I negotiated peace with them, Tiber was about to fall.  The Cylons were going to win.  It was not the first open revolt of Tiberia's slaves but it very nearly was the first one we lost.  I managed to … eke out a solution, but one that nearly cost me the Empire."  He shook his head.  "Half the Senate thought I had lost face, but I saved Tiberia."
"You did, dominus," a legate said.
He looked toward the machine man and said, "You were there, Qattho."  He nodded.  "I told the public the Cylons had been banished but many still believed it was a kind of surrender."  His eyes glazed over and he said, "In a sense, it was.  But we survived."  'Be bold,' he thought, 'and own that lie.'  He blinked and looked at Prefect again, "My point is we have been seeking a quick resolution.  A definitive one.  They hid sooner than we anticipated.  They fought back sooner than anticipated.  Our early advantages are spent."
"I have a possible answer, my lord," Iapetus said.  Caesar turned toward the Titan and he continued, "Refocus our efforts on the Majellan Mountains.  Have the Imperial Engineering Corps storm in right behind our legions, we take and harvest as many resources as we can and then leave."
Caesar nodded and looked toward Quintus.  The general nodded, too, "It's as we discussed a few weeks ago, imperator.  It may be time."
Iapetus glanced between the two and said, "You've already prepared for this contingency?"
"We have, consul," Maxentius said.  "We sold the effort to the people as one not only of resources, but of honor and security.  We were 'quelling disorder and a potential future threat to the Empire.'  We lose some piece of that, but we may yet get what we need."  
"Enough to sustain the patricians, lord?" the tech consul asked.  "My office has received requests from a further eight hundred fifty-three people this month so far who desire to convert themselves to artificial form.  Two thousand sixteen requests from people outside Tiberia."
Caesar blinked slowly and looked across the conference room.  In the far corner, his old closet stood.  Inside was the puppet he used for decades.  Eight hundred fifty-three more, he thought.  Millions altogether now.  He shook his head and said, "As always, Tiber's optimates will have what they require and desire."
"Good to hear, emperor," Prefect said from the screen.  The other mechanized bodies in the room seemed happy with the decision, but Caesar felt disgusted.
There was a knock at the door and Caesar saw a young officer there.  He waved her over as Iapetus straightened in his chair.  "Emperor?"  Caesar took a computer panel from the woman and began to read as Iapetus read his own message.  "The intelligence consul reports …"
"I see it," the imperator sighed and sat down again.  "The Cylons have reached out to the Pact of Nations for aid and assistance."
LXXXI
ZEUS
8 Years Before the End

Zeus sat on the park bench and stared at the birds bobbing through the grass a few meters away.  He took a deep breath and, as he exhaled, his head ached again.
"Still hurts?" Metis asked in his earpiece.
Quietly, he said, "Yes."
"Good," Hermes said.  "I think that means it'll work."
Zeus blinked.  "'You think?'"
Hermes didn't answer.  Zeus looked down at his leg.  It was bouncing on the ground.  Just a muscular reaction to my leg's position, he thought to himself.  I'm not nervous.
He lied.  Zeus exhaled again and Bia spoke in his ear, "Don't be nervous.  This will work."
He nodded.  "I know."  They're relying on me.  Hades and Hera.  Demeter and Hestia, too.  What if I fail?  "What if I fail?"
"You won't," Bia said.  "You can do it.  Be confident."
He nodded and then Metis said, "To the north.  Entering by the statue of Dicaeopolis."
Slowly, Zeus looked and saw two hulking men striding along a sidewalk toward him.  "Yes."
Hermes sighed and said, "Good fortune."
Zeus stood and clasped his hands behind his back.  They were enormous.  Easily two meters tall, they seemed to grow larger and larger with each step toward him.  The one on the left was more barrel chested and beefy.  He was bald with golden skin and a permanent smirk.  The other was not quite as tall and not quite as bulky, but he was still a formidable wall of muscle.  He was very pale with almost black hair.  His eyes were large and Zeus immediately felt like that one should not be underestimated.  He also felt fear.  True fear, for the first time in his long, adult life.
"Greetings, Zeus," the one on the right said as they came to a stop about five meters away.  Zeus didn't answer.  The small park in downtown Tritaea was nearly empty and the only sound was a nearby fountain.  "I must say we were all surprised when you called."
Zeus glanced toward the other man and noted how he quivered.  His smirk was now an energetic grimace.  He was a cocked arm, ready to punch.  The Olympian slowly looked toward Typhon and said, "Oh?"
"Yes.  You knew my name. You knew … a great many things about us.  We were impressed."
"'We?'" Zeus asked.
"Yes.  Myself," he nodded toward his companion, "our colleagues, the Titans.  Your father, especially.  He was pleased."
Zeus' mouth drew into a tight line and he said, "Cronus is not my father."
Typhon smiled and answered, "I understand what you mean.  But you understand what I mean."  Zeus didn't respond.
"Enough talking," the larger man said.
"Now, now."  Typhon gently put his hand on the brute's arm.  "You must forgive Alcyoneus.  He's not used to talking."  He glanced at Typhon and then back at Zeus.  "Still, you initiated this meeting.  That was not expected."
"I'm with Alcyoneus," Zeus said.  "Enough talk."
Typhon chuckled and motioned for Zeus to follow.  "To our vehicle."
Zeus walked toward the pair and Alcyoneus leaned over.  "Don't try anything, little man.  I can kill you.  I will kill you."
"Alcyoneus …"
He smiled.  "I will."
Zeus said nothing and followed Typhon.  They left the park and emerged onto Tritaea's sidewalk next to a large vehicle.  Typhon grabbed the door handle and then snapped his fingers.  "Oh, your earpiece.  I know you have one.  Toss it."
Zeus sighed and pinched the small piece of plastic in his right ear.  With a flick, the flesh-toned device disappeared into the bushes.  He squeezed into the back of the vehicle next to Alcyoneus and facing Typhon.  They rode for several minutes before Typhon spoke again.
"I know you don't want to talk to me, but I am genuinely curious about the Olympus Institute."
Zeus had been meditating to dull his headache and he blinked a few times before focusing his glare on Typhon.  "How so?"
"Your aims.  You seem eager to help all nations and all people."  He shrugged.  "Why?"
Alcyoneus rolled his eyes and Zeus caught a glimpse of that.  "Unlike many, we think all people can be better and live better.  Regardless of national borders or religion or economies.  There's no need for underclasses in today's society."
Alcyoneus scoffed and Typhon nodded.  "It's interesting.  It really is.  Impractical in the world as we know it, but interesting."  He looked out of the windows and saw the aeroport's runways.  "We're here."
The vehicle screeched to a halt and Zeus stepped out onto the sunny tarmac.  He looked across the field and saw a spherical airship slowly lift off; its large ball rotating and giving it lift.  He turned and saw a private rotorcraft with the seal of Tiberia on the fuselage.  Zeus glanced back at the vehicle and noted the diplomatic stickers there.
"Yes," Typhon said.  "We are quite free to travel in Attica."
"What about the Assurian airship that attacked my Institute?" Zeus asked.  For the first time, his façade was cracking.
Typhon shook his head.  "I'm sorry.  I don't know what you're talking about."
They walked to the aircraft's stairs when there came a muffled grunt behind them.  Zeus turned and saw someone leaping through the air and plunging a knife into the back of Alcyoneus.
"Poseidon!" Zeus yelled.  "No!"
Typhon pulled Zeus away and Alcyoneus stumbled forward, grabbed the back of Poseidon's clothes, and tossed him aside.  The giant pulled the knife out of his back and threw it away before flexing and smiling.  
"Come on, little man!" he yelled.
Poseidon looked at Zeus and then lunged for Alcyoneus.  He punched the throat, kicked his knee, and scrambled up his front toward the face.  As he did, Poseidon reached toward his belt for something, but Alcyoneus was too fast.  He wrenched Poseidon's arm back, causing it to snap loudly.  Then he gripped Poseidon's torso and squeezed.  As his ribs buckled, Poseidon screamed.
Zeus stepped forward and barked, "No!"  Typhon kept him back.
Alcyoneus smiled and rotated Poseidon one hundred-eighty degrees.  With his head dangling above the asphalt, Alcyoneus raised him up and then brought him down, hard.  His skull cracked on the ground and blood poured out.  Zeus slumped to his knees and Alcyoneus drove him down again.  
Zeus looked back at Typhon and saw that he was wincing and his head and face were contorted.  After Poseidon was slammed into the tarmac a fourth time, Typhon said, "Enough!"
Alcyoneus dropped the flattened corpse and moved toward Zeus.  "You're next."  He pulled Zeus up from the ground and he looked at what was left of his brother.  Anger rippled through him and his skin felt prickly.  He wanted to lash out, but he knew it was pointless right now.
The Tiberian aircraft slowly hovered and then its four large cylinder arms rotated, moving them away from Attica's capital city.  Zeus' head was slumped against the bulkhead of the cabin.  His arms were tied to the chair by Alcyoneus.
The two giants, however, were free to move about the cabin.  While Alcyoneus sat in his chair and stared at Zeus, Typhon went to a small bar.  "Something to drink?"
Zeus said nothing.  He stared out the window at the Etruian Ocean beneath them.
"It's a long flight."
With great effort, Zeus turned his eyes from the window and looked at Typhon.  "Water."
Typhon grinned and poured some into a plastic cup.  As he walked over to Zeus' seat, he dropped a long straw into it.  He placed the water in the drink holder and aimed the straw at Zeus' mouth.  "There you go."
Zeus looked at the drink before leaning forward to sip.  Alcyoneus laughed and stood up.  "Is it time to talk?"
"Almost," Typhon said.
Zeus looked at Alcyoneus and then back at Typhon.  "I didn't think he liked to talk."
"It depends on the manner of the chat," Typhon answered.  "Go ahead."
Alcyoneus laughed and pressed a button on the wall.  A large panel in the floor of the cabin slid away, revealing the ocean beneath them.  Their altitude wasn't terribly high at this point so the cabin didn't depressurize violently.  Zeus nodded and looked toward Alcyoneus.
He knelt in front of the Olympian and smiled.  "This is my favorite part."
Typhon drank his alcohol and then stood on the opposite side of the gap.  He folded his arms across his chest and smiled as the gentle wind blew his hair about.  "Zeus, we do have many questions for you."
"I see."
"Let's start with your propaganda missions in Tiberian territories."
Zeus said, "I'm not going to discuss these things with you."  Alcyoneus grunted and gripped Zeus' leg tightly, painfully.  "Don't touch me," he said.
"Zeus," Typhon said, "I need you to answer, or …"
"'Or' what?" he asked.  Alcyoneus looked at Typhon eagerly.  He was hoping for permission but it didn't come.  Zeus continued, "You're not going to kill me."
Alcyoneus laughed and Typhon smiled, "Why not?"
"A couple of reasons.  You could throw me out and maybe, when my body dies, you'll still be in range to receive my transfer signal."  Typhon raised his eyebrows and nodded.  "If I even die.  We're not that high up."
"True."  He tapped on a panel near him and said, "Take us to ten thousand."
The speaker crackled with confirmation and the rotorcraft, silently, slowly began to climb.  The air rushing through the floor became louder and colder.  After a few moments, an alarm sounded and oxygen masks deployed from the overhead compartments.  Zeus shivered a little in the cold and blinked to keep himself alert.
"You would die from here," Typhon yelled.
Zeus nodded.  
"What's the other reason?"
Zeus licked his lips and sneered as he spoke, "Cronus.  He wants to meet me."
Typhon nodded and Alcyoneus looked toward him.  His face fell and he seemed disappointed.
With a flick of his now-loose right hand, Zeus tossed the strap of his seat belt out and wrapped it around Alcyoneus' neck.  When the giant began to stand, he inadvertently freed Zeus' left hand, too.  Zeus pulled on the strap forcing the man to stumble.  Then Zeus kicked Alcyoneus' right knee.
He fell to the floor and slid to the opening.  He gripped the seat belt for dear life as the wind resistance caught him and began to pull him away from the cabin.  "Help!  Help me!" he screamed. 
Zeus glanced at Typhon and saw that the other man was simply observing.  Without looking, Zeus walked to the edge of the hatch, extended his leg and then smashed his heel against Alcyoneus' fingers as he slowly slipped along the strap.  There was a brief yelp and then the brute was gone.
Zeus kept his eyes on Typhon and he stepped along the rear of the opening.  He glanced toward a control panel and pressed the same button he saw Alcyoneus press moments ago.  The floor closed up.  Both men blinked rapidly as the cabin repressurized and became warm again.  Finally, the alarms stopped sounding.
"Sit," Typhon said.  Zeus did, but in a different chair.  Typhon sat, too, and brushed the dangling oxygen mask away from his face.  "I have to admit, I'm somewhat pleased to be rid of him."  
"What?" Zeus asked.  "You don't resurrect?"
Typhon shook his head, "No, we're special, Cronus said.  We were handcrafted for all kinds of enhancements.  Like Ouranos and Gaia."  He smiled and motioned toward Zeus.  "Your grandparents."  
"I see."
Typhon shrugged and said, "Shall we continue our conversation?"
Zeus inhaled slowly and then shook his head once.  "I am meeting with Cronus to negotiate for the release of my friends.  My wife.  My brother … brothers."  Typhon nodded.  "You'll understand that my words are my currency and I'd rather not spend them on you."
Typhon smiled and said, "I do.  I understand."
They rode in silence.  Zeus closed his eyes and focused on his breathing.  His head throbbed and ached, but he tried his best not to think about it.  In, out.  In, out.  He visualized his lungs expanding.  He imagined cells being pumped through his body.  The pain dulled and he found his inner eye swathed in blackness.
He was alone.  He felt alone.  Truly alone.  Ghosts of Hera, Hades, Poseidon, Demeter, and Hestia moved past him.  Then he saw his other Olympians.  Hermes, Dionysus, Hephaestus, Bia, Athena, Polemos, Ares, Arcas, Epimetheus … they were present but transparent.  He moved toward them and they faded from existence, too.  In the darkness, again, Zeus was painfully alone. 
He felt constricted, contained.  He was squished against a wall under a bed, looking out from underneath the blanket and hoping the boots wouldn't come back.  
He thought, over and over, I don't want to be alone.  Then he said it aloud.
Zeus awoke, opened his eyes, and realized that the rotorcraft was descending.  He glanced around the cabin and saw that he was alone.  He straightened in his seat and looked out the window as the plane began to land.  Typhon came out of the cockpit and walked to Zeus' side. 
"Forgive me," Typhon began, "but I'll need to conceal our location."  With a swift gesture, he pulled a black hood over Zeus' head.
Typhon led the Psilon down the rotorcraft's steps and then into a vehicle.  Zeus heard him chatting with someone, but he couldn't make out their conversation.  Then Typhon sat in the back next to Zeus and the vehicle began to move.
They rode for a short time.  Eventually, the vehicle came to a stop, but then it began to sink into the ground on some sort of lift.  Finally, the door next to him was opened and Zeus was led out.  
"I'll take that," Typhon said as he removed the hood.  
Zeus blinked and looked around.  He saw two other giants and a few Tiberian guards.  He turned his head up and saw the structure of some sort of underground garage.  Concrete pillars reached high into rock and steel struts supported floors and equipment.  Ahead of them, flanking a sliding door, were two of the largest Cylons Zeus had ever seen.  Nearly two and a half meters tall, they were hulking masses with multiple limbs, though two were obviously the primary appendages.  Zeus stared at them and their color-tinted metallic hides as they walked past and into the elevator.
As crowded as it was inside, Zeus closed his eyes and tried to meditate his headache away again.  He didn't have time.  The elevator reached its destination quickly.  
Typhon stepped out first and looked to the soldiers and giants.  "Leave us."  The soldiers nodded but the giants seemed less inclined to obey.  "That's an order."
With a hand on Zeus' shoulder, Typhon led him down a short hallway and to a nondescript door.  He paused and took in a deep breath.  He grinned at Zeus and said, "Here we are."
Zeus nodded.  Typhon opened the door.
It was an expansive room.  The polished stone walls were a glistening shade of brown with nearly golden veins.  The ceiling was a large panel of lights that illuminated everything below.  Luxurious chairs of dark leather were positioned in a semicircle on one side of the room while a large desk, crafted from the same polished stone as the walls, dominated the other.
From behind that desk, Cronus stood.
"Welcome, Zeus."
A chill ran down his spine and he hesitated.  Typhon stepped inside and moved to the left.  Zeus forced his right leg forward and entered.
Cronus moved out from his desk and stood by its corner.  He was wearing a plain, well-tailored black suit.  And he was smiling.  Zeus' pace slowed a bit as he studied the man.  The similarities to his own father were beyond striking.  He looked away and pushed his childhood memories back.  
"Please, sit."  He motioned toward a chair.  "May I get you something to drink?"
"No."  Zeus paused and saw that Typhon was sitting on the opposite side of the room.  "Thank you."
Cronus nodded and sat on the corner of his desk.  "You wanted to meet with me?"
Zeus spoke quietly.  "I did."
Cronus shrugged and asked, "Why?"
Zeus raised a single eyebrow and said, "Because of your attacks on Psilons.  Because you … captured several of my people."
Cronus feigned surprise.  "I'm sorry.  I don't know what you're talking about."
Zeus grit his teeth and said, "I've not flown halfway 'round the world to play games."
Typhon laughed and Cronus looked up to smile at him.  Finally, Cronus laughed, too, and he said, "Yes, I suppose not."
The door to the room opened and a striking, tall woman strode in.  Her muscular curves led the eye toward her face and tightly bound red hair.  Her cheekbones framed her smile as she said, "I wanted to see him."
Cronus motioned toward a chair and said, "Sit, Campe."
Zeus struggled for a moment to look away from her.  When he settled his eyes back on Cronus, he asked, "Why have you sent these things after us?  Why is Typhon abducting our transfer signals?"
Cronus pulled on the front of his jacket and said, "First things first, son."  Zeus squirmed in his seat.  "I have questions for you."
The white-haired man sighed.  "Go."
Cronus crossed his arms over his chest and said, "You've been spreading propaganda in Tiberia's territories for some years now."
Zeus nodded.  "Guilty."
"I know you're guilty," Cronus said, "I want to know your aims."
Zeus didn't hesitate.  He spoke quickly and matter-of-factly.  "To inspire rebellion.  The people from the Expansion deserve their freedom.  Freedom from Tiberian and Titan rule."
"Ah," Cronus said.
"In no other nation on Larsa is there such a disparity between the wealthy and the poor.  The power exerted by the ruling classes is a direct …"
"Enough," the Titan said, waving his hands.  He sighed and then asked, "Arms smuggling?"
Zeus shook his head.  "That we haven't done."
"Maybe, maybe."  Cronus raised a finger and placed it on his chin.  "But what about Ares?  We know he has met with insurrectionist elements in several nations."
"'Met with,'" Zeus answered.  "Nothing more."
Cronus took in a breath through his teeth, "I don't know that I believe you."
"Believe what you wish.  I'm speaking the truth."
Cronus slid off the desk and stepped toward Zeus.  He leaned forward and said, softly, "What about us?"
Zeus narrowed his eyes.  "'Us?'"
"Not you and me.  The Titans."
"What about you?"
Cronus barked, "Why do you hate us?"
Zeus didn't respond in kind.  He blinked slowly and said, "Were I more childish, I would say, 'You first.'"
Cronus straightened and looked at the wall.  An ancient Tiberian sword and shield hung there.  Finally, Cronus nodded and said, "Fair.  That's fair."  He stepped away and said, "It wasn't about you, at first.  Wait, wait."  He leaned over and said, "You have a backup body or two, right?  A cloned flesh vessel waiting for you in a tub somewhere in Attica?"
Zeus nodded.
Cronus smiled and said, "So did we.  When we escaped the torture chambers of Baraz Bio Medical, we left our backup bodies behind.  But what did that bitch Karin Baraz do?"
Zeus' eyes scanned as he thought.  Then he nodded once.  "She awakened your backups."
"Yes."
"As individuals."
"Yes!"  Cronus made a fist and leaned forward.  "Doesn't that strike you as frakked up?  Knowing that your own clones are out there, living lives they weren't supposed to?"
"It is," Zeus thought, "bizarre to contemplate."
"How would you react if Leto and Metis were to awaken your clones now?"
Zeus didn't flinch at Cronus' naming of his colleagues.  "Current circumstances aside?"  Typhon chuckled and Zeus continued, "I'd be confused, at the very least."
"Yes."  Cronus clasped his hands behind his back and said, "And then those failsafes, those people who aren't supposed to be people in the first place, started having children."  Zeus nodded.  "We were told, repeatedly, as we were cut and prodded that we Psilons were the pinnacle of humanity's efforts to perfect itself.  Why would perfect beings dilute their code by having children?"
Zeus squinted, "'Dilute?'  Children do not weaken the parents."  Cronus smiled and Zeus tilted his head, "Not in the manner you say."
"True, but that is what we told ourselves, though."  He sniffed once and continued, "Did you know that they sterilized us?"
Zeus said nothing.  He quickly shook his head side to side.
"They did.  After years of testing, they gave us the freedom to live communally, but they took away our most basic personal freedoms.  We couldn't have children.  Once we fled, it was a race to duplicate ourselves again not only so we could transfer to younger bodies but so we could have children."  He chuckled and almost mumbled, "Of course, once that was accomplished, we were spread out.  Too busy to consider starting families.  Not friendly enough with each other to broach the subject."
"And you couldn't procreate with humans," Zeus added.
"Found that out, did you?  Yes."  Cronus leaned forward again and said, "I'll go to the middle of the 'choke.  It was more about what came later.  We spied on you.  We watched you like eagles.  And there was something there that enraged me more than … I could have imagined."  Zeus turned his head, waiting for the answer.  "Love."
Zeus' eyebrows lifted.
Cronus nodded and stood.  "It's taken me a long time to admit it, but that's the benefit of being immortal."  He walked toward a nearby sofa and said, "I saw the way Karin Baraz treated the Psilon clones she awakened.  I saw the way she treated you."  He shook his head.  "There was no small amount of envy behind my actions."  His eyes glistened and he backed away a little.  "If we had been treated the same, if maybe we could have had children ... Maybe everything would be different."  He shook his head.  "I just don't know."
Zeus blinked and took a deep breath.  He crossed his legs and said, "Well.  That was a century ago.  Why continue the hostilities?"
Cronus wobbled his head and said, "When I was in exile, I kept my eye on the world.  I saw you, on the news, talking about me.  Talking about the Titans.  It was fallow time for hatred against the Titans.  Open rebellion in the Expansion nations had died down.  You," he pointed a finger, "stirred the stew."
Zeus clenched his jaw and lifted his chin.  "Yes," he said, softly.
"Now, let me ask again.  What about us?"
He hesitated as he prepared his answer.  He had thought of this conversation for years.  He had planned phrases and biting remarks for the last few weeks as the plan was put in place.  Zeus decided to speak plainly, "For all our lives, we saw the Titans in the news and on the Matrix.  You were cruel tyrants.  Oppressors of freedom.  The puppets of the Caesar.  Worse than that … you dirtied our memories.  Our cherished memories of our parents.  Our Cronus.  Our Rhea.  Our Tethys and Iapetus and Oceanus.  These were people we loved and held dear."
Cronus nodded.  "I see."
"First you took them away from us and then, for decades, you took away all that we had left of them, our own warm memories and feelings."  Zeus felt himself become choked up but he swallowed it and decided not to continue.
"I wasn't evil."  Cronus spoke softly and his eyes stared off to the side.  "I wasn't a tyrant.  Alabor, the generals, … they made me that.  I had to … become that."  He shook his head, "I think it was the same for many of the other Titans."
Zeus didn't respond at first.  He ran his eyes over a light-colored swirl in the stone floor and said, barely above a whisper, "That doesn't change anything.  It doesn't change how we felt."
Cronus took a step closer to Zeus and said, "So.  What do we do now?"
Zeus licked his lips and cleared his throat.  With a nod over his shoulder toward Typhon, he said, "Call them off."
Cronus nodded.  "Done.  Stop your propaganda campaigns.  All of your efforts against the Titans."
Zeus looked down and drew in a deep breath.  "If you release the signals and data of my five colleagues."
Cronus winced.  "I don't know."  He shrugged and said, "I feel the need to keep them.  For insurance, you understand."
According to all of the Olympians' preparations, it was time for 'Plan B.'  Zeus, however, felt selfish.  A warm weight descended on his chest and he asked, "Free my wife.  My brothers.  Keep Hestia and Demeter."
Cronus leaned against the corner of his desk again and folded his arms in his lap.  He thought for a moment and then said, "But they're the most valuable.  To you."  He shrugged and looked across the room at Typhon and Campe.  "I really shouldn't."
Plan B it is, Zeus thought.
The two giants across the room laughed and Cronus chuckled.  With a single flourish, Zeus leapt from his chair and kicked Cronus' leg out from under him.  He stumbled off the corner of the desk, catching himself with his right arm.  Zeus stepped next to him and grabbed his thick black hair.  With a jerk, Zeus smashed Cronus' mouth into the stone surface and let him fall to the floor.
He leapt over the desk and pulled the sword from the wall.  When he turned, he expected to see Typhon and Campe coming toward him.  Instead, they were just ambling across the room, but Cronus was closest.  He was standing rigidly and had a handgun pointed right in Zeus' face.
Cronus wiped his arm across his mouth, leaving a trail of red up his black sleeve.  Gingerly, he pinched a couple of his teeth and tested their wiggle.  He licked them and glared at Zeus, whose fingers now slowly released the blade, allowing it to clatter to the floor.
Cronus shook his head and said, "You disappoint me."  He smirked a little and added, "Son."  Zeus' shoulders sank and Cronus pulled the trigger.
The pain was brief, but then there was the familiar snap of electricity across him as he awakened.  He felt the exhaustion of a new body and then the sensation of floating in thick wetness flooded his mind.  Zeus sat up in the pod and wiped the gel from his face while someone else opened the lid.
"It frakking worked!" Hermes yelled.  "The bug worked!"
Zeus reached up to the edge and tried to pull himself upright, but he slipped.  "Help me."
Hermes was startled and reached in.  Zeus managed to sit on top of the small built-in seat.  As Hermes wiped the gel from his hands on his worksuit, Bia brought a towel to him.  Zeus nodded and took it, wiping his face.
"Frak me," Hades said.  
Zeus looked over at him and beamed.  The other pods had been lined up together.  Hermes, Athena and Metis' computers were still attached to them with cables snaking across the floor as lids opened.  Selene helped Hestia from her tub and Ares reached into another to grasp Poseidon's hand.  Hera was already out and cleaning herself up next to Demeter.
Zeus slumped over and rubbed his head.  "The migraine's gone.  Hurt like hell, but the program worked."  
"Demeter?" Poseidon said.  He took a few steps over and hugged her.  She began to cry and he held her close.
"What happened?" Hades asked.  
Athena handed him a towel and said, "You were caught like the others."
He chuckled and said, "I don't remember.  I remember breaking my leg and Hermes running into the room …"
Zeus stood and caught Hera's gaze.  Her eyes were wide and she slowly moved toward him.  He glanced down at her nakedness and smiled before putting his hands on her shoulders.  "How are you?"
She shook her head and softly said, "I was burned alive."
Zeus' smile faded and he hugged her.  Feeling her warm body made him feel the ache of her absence again.  He held her tighter and closed his eyes.  After a few moments, he looked down and saw that tub goo was dripping from his body onto her freshly cleaned skin.  "I'm sorry."  His voice shook.  "I'm getting you dirty."
She nodded and backed away.  Hera kissed him briefly and said, "It's alright.  Thank you."
Zeus held her arms and stopped her retreat.  "You never have to thank me.  I will always be there for you."  She grinned a little and turned.
Athena took Zeus' wet towel and handed him a new one.  He nodded and she asked, "How are you?"
He sighed and said, "Good.  It went … well."  Zeus waved Bia over.  After a quick peck on her cheek, he said, "It's time to leave Attica."
LXXXII
THE MESSENGERS
7 Years Before the End

"I, too, have seen the fire," the male tender said.
The female drifted and said, "I have sought a means to quench it.  To prevent it."
The male Messenger shook his head.  "It is inevitable."  She turned to look at him and even in her ethereal form, which only the other Messenger could see, it appeared that she had tears in her eyes.  This stunned the being and he said, "This world will end.  We can insure that it is not humanity's last."
The female nodded.  "There are other worlds.  Yet I remain … hopeless."
"It is now our task to safeguard some sprig of mankind that they may grow anew."
The female blinked away from her companion and found herself by young Corol Gaber.  In this young woman, the tender saw generations of Gabers.  Whole branches of humanity were embodied in this sleeping teen.  Ages of free will and decisions compounded to give breath to a person, one who could aid the tree's growth as well.
The child stirred in her sleep and the Messenger forced herself to look away.  If Larsa's inhabitants were to have a legacy, she may need to abandon her focus on this family.

"I have spoken with other leaders of the Pact and we agree," Attica's president said.  "We cannot, at this time, become involved in the war between Tiberia and Gela.  We will decline their request for aid."
The Messenger stood in the middle of the large table and scanned the faces of the president's cabinet.  He looked deeply into each of them and settled on the science minister.
Berenice Callis was forty years old.  She was not very tall and she was beginning to go through a mid-life change in appearance.  Her petite form was expanding thanks to hard work and poor diet.  It was not the exterior that intrigued the tender, though.  Inside, he saw twin sparks of hope and ingenuity.
"From our best sources," the president nodded toward his intelligence minister, "we believe the Caesar's forces have been halted in their advances.  They appear to be preparing for a major assault in the Majellan Mountains.  If the Cylons can drive them back there, ..."
"I have a recommendation, sir," the prime minister said.  "As we issue our answer to Thera, we include, covertly of course, the intel we have."
"Sweeten the medicine," the president said.  He nodded and continued, "I will consider it."
The Messenger stood behind the wide-eyed science minister and listened to her rambling mind.  She pored over data and calculations.  She organized the rest of her day.  She imagined the spacecraft that she and her agency were constructing.  She didn't seem to be paying much attention to the important diplomatic information being discussed around her.  
So the being pricked her ears.
"Is there a chance the Cylons could invade Tiberia?"  The foreign minister leaned forward and continued, "That could create huge problems throughout the Empire with refugees and the like.  And what if the Cylons don't like our answer?  Could they attack us?"
Callis blinked and her mind reeled in new directions.
The president laughed and said, "I think we're getting too far ahead of ourselves here.  A counterinvasion would be a long way off."
Callis didn't hear the president's dismissal.  She was busy thinking of her spaceships again, but this time retrofitting them to hold hundreds of passengers.
The tender smiled and allowed her to continue.
LXXXIII
GAIA
6 Years Before the End

When she opened her eyes, the old woman didn't know where she was.  
The room was dim.  A small light glowed near the door, or what she thought was the door.  She turned toward her left and saw the panel of her hospital bed.  With a crooked finger, she reached toward it and pressed the red square.  It beeped and someone asked, "Yes?"
She opened her mouth to speak and only croaked and wheezed.  She coughed and then managed to ask, "Where's Karin?"
Pause.  "I'm sorry?"
Gaia blinked and looked around the room.  No, she still didn't know where she was.  "Where's Karin?  Bia?  Zeus?"
"Alright, ma'am," the nurse said through the panel.  "I'll call them right now."
She smiled and closed her eyes.  She fell asleep.
"Gaia?"
She looked up.  Her vision was blurry but she could see that the sunlight had bathed her room.  She widened her eyes a bit and tried to focus on the person hovering over her.  She saw a white fluffy halo above their head and she smiled.
"Zeus.  So good to see you."
He smiled and leaned over.  After a kiss on her cheek, he stuck his leg behind himself to wrap around a chair leg.  He pulled it toward him and sat down.  "How are you?"
"You don't have to speak so quietly," Gaia said.  "No one's dying in here."
Zeus laughed.  "Well, you don't look so bad for a woman of one hundred fifty."
She smiled and patted his hand.  "You're so kind to leave off the first twenty-five years."
"Growth acceleration or not, tank time shouldn't count."
She smiled again and closed her eyes.  Once she adjusted herself on the pillow, she squinted and asked, "What brings you here?"
Zeus hesitated and then said, softly, "You called me."
Gaia blinked a few times.  "Oh.  I don't remember."  She squeezed Zeus' hand again and whispered, "Don't think poorly of me …"
"Of course."
"But where am I?"
Zeus nodded and leaned in close.  "You're in a special home, in Tylos."
"Tylos," she repeated.  "Why Tylos?"
Zeus glanced at the panels along her bed to make sure her intercom wasn't engaged.  "Cronus and the Titans attacked the Institute a couple of years ago."
"Oh."
"We had to abandon it."  Gaia was nodding now.  "It wasn't safe to bring you with us so we brought you here."
"I remember."  She cleared her throat and reached for her water cup on a nearby table.  Zeus leaned back and got it for her, knowing she never would have reached it.  After a few sips, she asked, "And where are you now?"
As he replaced the cup, he said, "Eridia.  We've set up a nice little place for ourselves."
"Eridia.  Desolate."
Zeus nodded.  "In places.  Caralo is nice, though."
Gaia relaxed a bit and let her head slide down the pillow.  She closed her eyes for a moment, making Zeus nervous.  She slowly opened them and said, "Is Cronus still bothering you?"
Zeus sighed.  "I don't want to burden you with the details."
She smirked.  "My eyes aren't good enough to watch any programs lately.  Your visit's the best entertainment I've got."
He scooted his chair a bit closer and began, "You remember that he made these soldiers to come after us and steal our transfer signals?  He made them with Ouranos' DNA?"
She nodded.  "Typhon was the big one's name, right?"
"Yes."  He licked his lips and put his hand on hers.  "We freed the Psilons he captured, but Typhon's people are still after us.  Cronus is still hunting us, moreso since our little trick.  They've gotten close a few times.  We've set up decoy facilities around the world … hoping to distract them from the real one."  His voice began to trail.
"You're worried you can't run forever."  Zeus nodded.  Gaia pushed her head into the pillow to wriggle herself a bit closer to his face.  "Well, you can't.  You'll trip or run out of breath, one or the other."
There was a long silence.  She simply looked at him and Zeus hated to break the quiet.
"Here," she said, "you use what you have.  You use what you have on what they have."  Zeus squinted as she continued, "They still have Cylons?"
"Well, they're not …"
"The dumb ones?"  Zeus nodded.  "You're smart.  Figure out a way to turn them against the Titans.  If not the Titans, then Tiberia."
Zeus nodded.  "It's something we've thought about.  It could be hard, though.  All the safeguards they have …"
"You've figured out hard stuff before."  Zeus nodded.  "There's something else, too."
"What's that?"
"You're dead sexy."  He chuckled and Gaia grabbed his hand.  "You know it.  Women know it, too.  Even if they don't think about it, they feel it."  Zeus stopped laughing and he stared at her intently.  "Humans and Psilons alike can feel it."
Zeus slowly lifted his head and inhaled.  "Use it."
Gaia nodded.  "No pun intended, but it's another tool in your arsenal."
He looked toward the floor and said, "It would be difficult to get in close enough to the Titans."
"Difficult," she said.  "Not impossible."
Zeus nodded now and said, "I just have to look for an opening."  Gaia smirked and he shook his head.  "I don't know how much longer I can stay."
"I understand.  It's not safe."
"Is there anything I can get for you?" he asked.  "Anything at all?"
She frowned and rolled onto her back.  Gaia let her eyes glaze over as she stared toward the ceiling.  She opened her mouth to speak, but no sound came out.  A few moments later, she coughed and said, "Tell me, in all your research at the Institute, did you ever find out if there's an afterlife?"
Zeus grinned weakly and said, "No.  I'm sorry."
"Me too."  She sighed and blinked.  "I'd like to be with Karin again."  She closed her eyes and began to rest.
Zeus leaned over, kissed her forehead, and then left the room.
LXXXIV
CAESAR
6 Years Before the End

"'All things atrocious and shameless flock from all parts to Tiber.'"
The emperor stood and walked toward his balcony doors.  He made no move to open them.  Instead, he pressed his shoulder against the wood and looked out the windows.  "Four million people now.  Some have come to us to put their minds in new bodies.  Mostly metal and plastic, of course.  A few of the really rich ones want flesh and bone."  He chuckled.  "They want their younger selves again."
He turned his head and looked down into Viminal Square.  His eyes danced over the cobblestones and toward the road that led to the Synoptic Church.  "The vast majority are content to float."  He looked over his shoulder and spoke softly, "I was.  For decades, I was the only one.  It's like," he raised his arms and began to gesture, "being on a toy raft or tube and drifting down a soft river.  The water embraces you and if you lay down just right, it comes up to your face, just there.  It's an energy, like a static shock, and it runs around you, pleasantly.  You think of a thing and you're there.  It appears.  And you keep floating."
Caesar looked back outside.  It was night and the stars shone relatively brightly, considering the city's lights.  "I did it alone for a long time.  It was peaceful."  He shook his head.  "Others began to have their minds placed in the Matrix.  Either from their artificial bodies or in place of them, it didn't matter.  The quiet river became too crowded."  He clasped his hands behind his back and began to amble away from the doors.  "Oil.  That's it.  You pour oil into water, and it's separate, yes?  Distinct.  If you pour another oil in, you can't keep the oils separate.  They begin to blend."  
He stopped walking and looked at the large deactivated monitor beside him.  "Think of the thing that now calls itself Prefect."  The emperor pointed at the screen and said, "Where is Gallian?  Where is Titus or Cleon or Aelia?  They're blended together.  There are elements of each individual you can occasionally discern, but when they're here, on that screen, they are an amalgam.  They are not who they were."  He spun on his heel and walked away.  "Etne had the right idea.  She prolonged herself and lived in a mechanical body for a while, but she let even that die eventually."  He sighed.  "She was wise beyond her years."
Maxentius slowly lifted his head and looked to the far corner of the conference room.  His closet still stood there; his old mechanical puppet still sat inside.  "I would try to float on the river and it was useless.  I felt myself being pulled in different directions.  I heard and felt the thoughts of thousands of others.  As immortal as an electronic existence is, I cannot fully commit."  Caesar sighed and paced back along the length of the room.  "I have to remain separate.  I cannot lose who I am."
He stopped and leaned over, pressing his palms against the marble table.  The emperor felt the warmth of his metal skin and bone radiate from himself and into the cold stone.  "Almost two million Tiberians, already in that world."  He straightened up and began to walk again.  "If projections hold, we'll have three million patricians within a few months.  By this time next year, four going on five million.  That doesn't count the millions of wealthy from outside Tiberia who will come to us to do the work.  Our optimates demand this.  The census still counts them as citizens, but I would say they are not." 
Caesar chuckled and looked up at the large hanging map.  "My father used to say there wasn't a magistrate elected who didn't owe tens.  Not a tribune elected who didn't owe hundreds.  Not a consul appointed who didn't owe thousands."  The emperor smirked and finished, "Not a Caesar born who didn't owe millions."
He turned and planted his shoulders against the lines of Eridia.  "In the days of the Republic, there was a consul who was elected.  Consuls were different then.  He was elected and he got his laws passed but to get into that office in the first place, he borrowed millions upon millions of denars.  He was enormously in debt."  Caesar stepped away from the map and spoke excitedly, "And that wasn't unusual.  Anyone in a position of power then got there by spending and spending and buying favor from other people in power.  One consul was put in charge of some legions and he waged war.  War for a decade across much of Isinnia.  The gold and silver he took, the food, the wealth of the conquered nations and tribes … the slaves, it all went to pay off his debts and secure his next position of power."
Caesar inhaled sharply and folded his arms over his chest.  "Now that we're born into the title, we emperors don't have to buy our way up the stairs.  But to rule … to get what you want accomplished, to get your laws passed … that requires millions, for certain.  Millions of people, not denars.  But sometimes," he tilted his head and let the sentence trail away.  "Favors.  Favors for magistrates and tribunes.  Governors.  Subconsuls and consuls.  The occasional praetor.  Businessmen.  Prefects."  He rolled his eyes.  "Useless prefects.  A title with just enough imperium to please a fat patrician.  Favors for them all."
He glanced through the windows and watched a distant aircraft's lights blink toward the horizon.  "Millions of optimates.  In a few years, tens of millions, probably.  That's the thing about Transference, you see.  They don't die.  They remain citizens in that electric river, floating around and doing nothing but existing and experiencing whatever they desire.  But they keep their strings on the real world.  Not even death can stop them from cashing a chit."  Caesar balled his fists and held them by his side.  "There is no precedent for denying applications for Transference.  I would set one, if I could.  I would begin to deny them.  But I owe too many of them to say no now.  I've been Caesar so long … the ledgers are full of my debts."
He stomped his foot and began to walk toward the long marble table.  "These optimates, our great patricians," he sarcastically waved his arms with a flourish, "they are now Tiberia's greatest burden.  They are … wards of the state.  They are on the dole and costing us far more than any massive rabble of angry plebs could hope."  
The emperor shook his head and clicked his heels.  "I've seen the figures.  We can barely support the power and computing needs of those who went through the Transference already.  Thousands more every month."  He turned and looked back at the map.  With an angry punch toward Gela, he shouted, "And we are mired in a war against our former servants because of it!  For the resources.  For the favors.  We have thrown tens of thousands of Tiberia's soldiers into that ore pit … we cannot escape.  We cannot back away without losing so much.  Honor, respect, dignity."  He grimaced, "The drive into the Majellan Mountains failed and yet we press on."
General Quintus planted his feet on the floor and finally stood from the table.  After licking his lips, he asked, "What are your orders?"
His artificial eyes danced along the borders on the map and drifted to Tiberia's neighbors.  "It's time to implement the Draft in the Expansion territories.  Tell your people and the praetors in those areas to make ready for unrest."  Caesar sighed and quietly added, "We have no choice."
"As you command, dominus."  Quintus saluted and left the room.
The imperator turned slowly and caught sight again of his puppet's cabinet.  He sighed and lowered his head.  "It truly is my fault.  All of it.  I see that now."
LXXXV
AHLJAELA
6 Years Before the End

"Move it!" the foreman shouted.  "If this spool isn't empty by sunset, there will be no dinner!"  There was some mild grumbling, but the muddied workers continued as they had been.  
The trench was dug yesterday, just in time for a rain storm.  The clouds parted before dawn and just in time for Thon Ahljaela and his comrades begin their tasks.  Large trucks squished into the field and dropped off huge spools of cabling.  Machines lined them up and workers fed the lines into the ditch over a long trail of planks.  Thon had to place brackets alongside the taut cable as they positioned it.
A streak of brown-red mud began to drip toward his eyes and Ahljaela wiped it off with a sweaty forearm.  "Where are we today?"
Darro, his co-worker, looked up from the thick, black cable and said, "You're just now asking?"  Thon shrugged.  The older man shook his head and said, "Brixia.  Near Brixia."
Ahljaela nodded and looked over the edge of the trench.  "There's a small farm village up the road.  I saw it last night when we drove in."
"Lots of small villages around here.  Other than the food, it's a poor area."
Thon bent over and placed the bracket over the cable.  He pulled the mallet back and easily drove it into the planks and mud.  "Good.  They could use the power."
Darro snorted.  "'Power?'"
"This will connect to the plant on the hill, right?"
Darro glanced into the north toward the green slopes that were littered with new solar panels.  "It will, but these villages aren't getting the power."
Thon watched Darro push another stretch of cable toward the planks.  "Then … they'll get the Matrix.  Maybe the first time for them, right?"
Darro sighed and rolled his eyes.  "No.  That second spool there has a data line."  He pointed up the trench.  "Still, Brixia isn't getting this."  He let go of the cable and moved toward Thon quickly.  "What are you playing at?  We've been through this before."
Ahljaela ground his teeth and nodded.  "I know.  I have to … tell myself I'm doing some good sometimes."  He looked into the sky and squinted.  "It makes it easier to get out here and work."
"Oh."  Darro backed away and gave Thon a soft slap on the shoulder.  "I understand."
By sunset, the spools were empty and the foreman was pleased.  The workers were given water and a bag with damp rice and a few pieces of fruit.
Ahlajaela scooped the rice toward his lips with three fingers on his right hand.  He pressed the grains between his tongue and the roof of his mouth, allowing his saliva to well inside.  Once the rice was sufficiently softened, he swallowed.
"You worked with Tully before, yes?" Darro asked.
Thon nodded as he scooped another finger's worth of rice.  "Haven't seen him since we were in the north Appenines."
"He got drafted."  Ahljaela stopped what he was doing and held his rice above the bag.  "Another friend of his told me he died in Gela."
Thon's eyes wandered slowly toward the ground.  Darro was tearing the rind off his fruit but the younger worker flicked the rice into the bag.  "He had children."
Darro grunted and nodded.  "Doesn't matter, I guess."
Thon inhaled and exhaled slowly.  He looked over his shoulder at the shining solar panels that now reflected a deep blue evening sky.  "It's not right."  Darro slyly looked up at him as he continued.  "We work every day of the week, making their power plants and building their datafarms.  The fat patties," his voice got louder and drew others' attention.  Thon's shoulders sagged and he continued, quieter, "They get to live their life of luxury, plus they buy their way into longer lives.  They put their minds in the Matrix and live forever."
Darro licked flecks of pulp out of his teeth.  "Some of them just buy new bodies.  They visit the Matrix.  They don't live there."
Thon shook his head.  "It doesn't matter.  People out here don't even have the Matrix."  He reached into the bag for his fruit but stopped halfway.  He sighed again and flopped his arms onto his knees.  "We work and work.  We get paid tiny coin.  We get fed bad rice and we're given rags to wear."  He pinched his dirty shirt and held it out from his chest.  "We're lucky if we even get to bathe!"
Darro lifted his hand and began to wave a little.  "Alright now."
Thon ignored him and said, "The few of us who aren't building power plants or computer plants or farming, they give them a sword and a gun and then ship them off to fight robots."
Darro caught sight of the foreman walking toward them.  The older worker stood and then sat down by Thon.  He turned his mouth so that it was even with Ahljaela's ear and said, "I know, but you need to be quiet."
Anger still welled inside him.  He clenched his jaw and pounded on his knee.  "I'm just … I'm tired of it not being fair."  Darro nodded and watched nervously as the foreman walked past them.  Thon saw and lowered his voice some.  "If I was born in Tiber or Cales, I might have been a tribune's son or even a senator.  But I'm a machinist's son from Gargamus."
Darro smirked and said, "Never heard of it."
"Exactly."  Thon sighed and relaxed his muscles.  "How many generations of my family just worked and worked and worked because they were told to?  Didn't matter what they wanted to do.  They did as they were told."  Darro was silent and Ahljaela shook his head again.  "It has to stop."
Darro sat still and thought for several moments.  The foreman disappeared behind a truck and then the older worker leaned toward Thon.  "If you could do something about it, would you?"
Ahlajaela turned slowly.  His eyes were narrowed suspiciously, but once he saw the seriousness on his co-worker's face, he grinned a little.  "Absolutely."
LXXXVI
ARES
5 Years Before the End

"We're now in Code Black," Metis said.
The Psilons took a deep breath and left the building.  Outside, the noon sun broke through the dense tree cover.  In the distance, they heard explosions and aircraft.
"Go," Zeus said.
Ares adjusted the strap on his automatic rifle and stayed behind his father.  He watched as Hermes and Leto carried the last of their large computers out of the building and pushed it toward a waiting truck.  Zeus stopped near Bia and waited for her to finish talking to Polemos.
"And when will Antaeus get here?" he asked.
"He's on his way now," Bia said.  She pushed a cart of supplies into a vehicle.  "We head for the beach and whoever can't take the boat will fly."  Polemos nodded and ran off.
"I just got a note from Poseidon," Zeus said.  "He and Arcas are all set up in the new facility."
Bia clapped her hands for a moment and then wiped her brow.  "Good.  We get the equipment to them and we'll be alright again."
An explosion made all of them pause.  Its echo seemed to take forever to decay and Ares quietly offered, "They're still a few kilometers away."
They didn't acknowledge him and the others kept going.  Zeus stalked into the trees and pushed aside large branches.  Ares ducked as many as he could before he decided to hold his rifle out front to block the foliage.
"Zeus!"  Hades ran up behind Ares.  While the younger brother talked, the older brother sighed.  "What do you need?"
"What?"
"I want to help."
Zeus glanced toward Ares and then he glared at Hades.  "Now you want to help?  Where have you been the last two weeks?"
He shrugged.  "Busy."
"'Busy?'  Doing nothing?"
"Not fair."
Zeus scoffed and then pushed his fingers through his hair.  "I do not have time for this.  I really don't."
"I'm saying I want to help."
"And I'm saying you can't," Zeus yelled.  "Right now."  Hades started to turn away and his brother added, "When we get to the new facility, you can help then.  There's just nothing left to do right now but run."
Hades nodded and shuffled through the trees toward their emptying post.  Zeus sighed again and darted into the trees.  Ares followed suit and turned to watch the first truck speed over the freshly cleared path toward the shore.
"I love him, you know," Zeus yelled from a few meters ahead.  "He's my brother.  I have to.  But, dammit, he drives me frakking nuts sometimes."  Ares smiled.  "He's plenty happy to laze around," he paused when he was thwacked by a large branch, "when it suits him.  He doesn't want to research anymore and that's fine.  I understand.  But he has to do …"  He was interrupted by a large explosion, followed by the screeching of a low-flying plane.
"That was much closer," Ares said.
The pair ran even faster and two more vehicles drove past them on the nearby path.  Soon, Zeus and Ares caught up with the first group of Psilons who had fled.  They were trotting through the jungle at an almost leisurely pace, but when they saw Zeus and Ares, they began to run at full speed.  Another plane blasted overhead.
"Can we tell whose they are?" Zeus yelled.
Ares never bothered to look up.  "Not from in here.  Maybe at the beach."
The group ran for several minutes before the jungle began to clear.  Once they burst into the open and kicked white sand into the air, they paused and looked around to gather their bearings.  Zeus immediately ran to the west where a thin dock jutted into the waves.  The vehicles were already unloading and their boat was standing by.
"Where are the airships?" Ersa asked. 
"They're on the way," Athena said.
Ares ran to join his father and he slid a pair of sunglasses on as he did.  Once he reached the dock, he saw Zeus was speaking to Bia, out of breath.
"How much longer?"  His hands were on his knees.
"Just a few minutes."
There was another distant explosion and the fleeing Psilons still on the beach stopped and turned.
"Empty!" Epimetheus yelled as he began to reverse his truck off the dock.  Another vehicle pulled forward to empty its cargo.  Once his was in the sand, Epimetheus jumped out of the cab and ran back to the dock to help Bia finish unloading hers.  
Ares looked toward the treeline above the jungle.  In the distance, he saw a pair of jets flying horizontally.  "Those are Ticulan fighters."  He turned to Zeus and said, "Probably Cylons."  When the machines first lashed out at other nations months ago, Ticul was one of their first targets.  Their formidable air force was immediately co-opted and used by them against everyone else.
Another jet flew west to east and dropped its payload.  The Psilons could see the shockwaves and the firebursts before the sounds reached their ears.  "They're burning the jungle," Prometheus said.
Ares nodded and walked toward Zeus.  "We need to leave."
His father turned and looked at the boat and the still-to-be-loaded cargo.  "We're going as fast as we can."
Ares knelt down and opened the zipper on his satchel.  He removed his telescanner and tried to watch the planes.  A single streak of smoke tore across the sky before dipping into the jungle.  He squinted, trying to see what it was, when he saw three planes come into view.  "Those are Llanoan fighters.  Humans.  The Pact's fighting back."  More explosions in the distance.  
"Done," Bia said.  She backed her vehicle off the dock and the rest of the Psilons formed a line, carrying boxes, bags and equipment onto the sea vessel by hand.  Ten minutes later, they were finished.
Epimetheus stepped out of the boat's cabin and said, "We can get ten of you on board.  The rest will have to fly."
The group turned and began to look at each other.  After a few moments of no one moving, Zeus started pushing and pointing at his people.  "Go.  Get on board now.  We'll see you on the other side."
Ten of the Olympians crowded onto the Paralus and Epimetheus started its engines.  Zeus backed off the dock and stood beside Ares.  He waved at Bia and she ducked into the cabin.  Epimetheus slowly maneuvered the boat away from the dock and then opened it up.
The hydrofoil roared loudly before its movement matched its volume.  Ares saw a couple of passengers being tossed by the acceleration before the Paralus reached its top speed of nearly one hundred kilometers per hour.  After just a few moments, the ship began to disappear into the blue haze above the ocean.
"Now we wait for Antaeus," Zeus said.  He began to walk to the edge of the trees a few meters away when another jet tore overhead.  Ares looked at it with his telescanner.  "Who was that?"
"Cylons."  Now above the jungle, the fighter turned and banked toward the beach.  "They may have seen us."
"Oh no," someone mumbled.
"Into the trees," Zeus said.  They all ran into the foliage and the plane flew overhead.  He looked out into the sand at the vehicles and said to Ares, "They'll know someone's nearby."
Ares only nodded.  He looked up with his telescanner and covered himself with a drooping green frond.  The plane had turned again and was approaching.  "Third pass."  As it zoomed by Ares studied it and then said, "Their payload is gone.  They might still have ammo in their cannons, though."
Zeus' wristband beeped and he looked down.  "He's coming."
"What about the Cylons?" Prometheus asked.
Zeus shook his head and said, "We'll have to be quick."
Ares kept scanning the sky while the Psilons crouched low and watched over the water, sweeping their eyes across the horizon.  Finally, a shimmer under the clouds grew larger and a glint flashed in his eyepiece.  Ares smiled and said, "There."
They turned to look as the great golden shuttle dove toward the shore and aimed its huge head at the dock.  Its thrusters engaged, throwing sand in billowing rolls, and stopping the craft at a seemingly impossible speed.  As the Aetos hovered, the doors swept open and Ares stood.
"Go!" Zeus yelled.  The remaining Psilons ran as quickly as they could.  It was nearly fifty meters across the beach in the open and not one of the Olympians could resist looking warily into the sky.
Ares stopped by the door and waved everyone behind him on.  He heard the crackle of the Ticulan jet and looked into the southwest.  It was turning yet again and approaching fast.  "We have to go!" he yelled inside.  He slapped the back of each of the last four people and then jumped inside himself.  "That's it!"
"Hold on," Antaeus said from the control seat at the front of the eagle.  The doors swished shut and then the shuttle lurched up and aimed at the clouds.  When the thrusters engaged, most of the passengers were thrown to the rear of the cabin and Ares steadied himself on a chair's support.  He managed to climb into the seat and buckle himself in before he heard the first pings of bullets striking the hull.
"The wings?" Zeus said.
"Almost there."  Antaeus pressed his hands on the induction panels harder and saw their speed in his mind.  Once they reached the minimum level, he closed the dozen long wings and turned the shuttle into a dart.  It blasted away from Caralo's coast and broke the sound barrier in short order.
Ares placed his hand on an induction panel and watched the fighter turn into a speck behind them.  The Cylons would not be able to catch up.  He looked at Zeus and nodded.
"Everyone alright?" he asked.  Once they responded positively, he walked toward the front and sat next to Antaeus.  "Course?"
"Due north, then we'll sweep east over the Iberian Sea and fly north through Attica."  Zeus nodded and reclined in his seat.  Antaeus looked over his shoulder at everyone in the cabin and said, "You may as well rest.  We're going to be flying for a while."
Aphrodite scoffed and looked at Hephaestus.  "How can I rest after all that?"
Ares smiled and leaned back in his chair.  He was asleep in minutes.
"Son?"
Ares stirred and looked at Zeus.  "Where are we?"
"Near Attica."  He sat beside him and whispered, "I just got a message from a contact in Tiberia."
"Yeah?"  After he spoke, Ares looked around and saw that most of the passengers were asleep.  Almost as a reflex, he spoke again but softer, "Yeah?"
"There has been some movement there.  More people joining the cells.  More dissatisfaction with the Caesar.  I need you to go meet with the leader."
Ares raised his eyebrows and said, "Now?"
"Yes.  Arcas is on his way to us with a dartship.  We're going to meet with him on Attica's northern border."
Ares nodded and thought.  "I'm a bit wary of going into the bears' cave during a Code Black."
Zeus quietly said, "I understand.  If you can hold out for a couple of days, the Paralus will have reached port and we can be set up again.  You'd be able to transfer if you had to."
After another moment, Ares asked, "Why the rush?  In the middle of all we have going on, why now?"
Zeus inhaled slowly and repositioned himself in his chair.  "The war isn't going well for Tiberia.  They've expended all of their resources and there have been rumors that they may seek an alliance with the Pact of Nations to fight the Cylons."
Ares snorted lightly and said, "I'll believe that when I see it."
"I understand, but … the facts are the facts.  They've lost many soldiers and tons of materiel."  He leaned closer and continued, "Homefront opinions of the Caesar and Tiberia in general are at all-time lows.  In the Expansion nations, too.  The Draft has turned millions against Tiber.  This is the time to strike.  We fortify our friends in the Expansion and they drive out the Titans.  We help our friends in Tiberia and they can force the Caesar's hand.  Maybe stage a coup … that's a longshot, certainly.  Nonetheless, if the stormfront shifts, both the Titans and the Caesar could lose their grips."
"I understand."
Zeus patted his son's hand.  "We need these people, Ares.  Help them however we can."
While his father went back to the control chairs, Ares began to access information on their cell in Tiberia by placing his hand on a soft white induction panel.  After being lost in the data for a time, the Aetos began to descend and Ares stood.  He clasped his satchel shut and looked to the front of the shuttle.  Zeus gave him a curt nod and opened the hatch.
In northern Attica, it was storming.  Rain fell at a forty-five degree angle and Ares ran into it, passing Arcas on the way.
"All yours!" he yelled.
Ares jumped inside and closed the hatch.  He tossed his bag into the rear seat and lifted the small craft off the ground with a thought.  Soon he was flying due east toward Tiberia.
A few hours later, the computer woke the pilot with a soft beep.  Ares saw that he was nearly at the outskirts of Cales, a large city on Tiberia's southern coast.  He took the dartship down and flew it along the bed of a thin river and through a dense forest.  The propulsion of the aircraft and its special hull meant the ship was unlikely to be spotted, but he didn't want to take any chances.
A short while later, he landed the dartship in a clutch of trees.  With the hatch open, he pulled the satchel's strap over his head.  Then he picked up the automatic rifle.  He stared at it for a moment and then looked behind him.  It was a quiet, pleasant night.  He sighed and stowed the weapon in the rear of the ship.  He pressed a button and it closed up tight.
He walked for the better part of an hour.  He thought he heard distant thunder.  No rain came and he heard no more.  After a few more kilometers, Ares emerged from the forest and found a smoldering wooden frame.  He narrowed his eyes and slowly looked around.  He didn't see anyone so he cautiously moved around to the side of the smoking structure.  That's when he saw the fire trucks and police cars.
"Halt!" someone yelled.  
Ares began to run.  As he did, he wondered if this had been a trap.  He ran alongside another house and came around the front, face to face with an officer.  Quickly, Ares jabbed with his left hand, sending the man reeling.  Another officer was right behind him and he thrust his gun near Ares' face.  He ducked, grabbed the weapon and slapped the man's elbow, bending it forcefully in the wrong direction.  He screamed and collapsed as Ares kept moving and tossed the gun into the grass.
He ran into the street and past a group of firefighting robots standing still with a hose in their hands.  Another forest was ahead and he thought he could make it.  That was before the police car ran into him.
When he awoke, he was laying down, cuffed to the rails of a gurney.  A paramedic was tending to him while three officers scowled above.  With a jerk, Ares tried to sit up and realized that something was on his face.
"You hit your head," the paramedic said.  "I've got it stitched.  I'm more worried about your hip and your leg."
Ares tensed his muscles in sequence throughout his body as a kind of self-diagnostic.  "I'm fine."  
One of the officers leaned forward and practically yelled in his face, "You're being charged with assault and attempted murder."
Ares smiled.  "Assault?  Yes.  Not attempted murder."  
The officer leaned back and a woman peered into the ambulance.  She was wearing a suit and seemed surprised to see Ares.  "Do you know who this is?" she muttered.  The officers exchanged looks before she stepped into the area.  "Uncuff him.  He's mine."  Reluctantly, the men complied.
The woman led Ares away and toward a waiting vehicle.  She said nothing.  He said nothing.  Soon they were in downtown Cales in a government building.  When they walked inside, she said to a guard, "Take him to level three.  And keep an eye on him.  He likes to run."
Minutes later, Ares was tied to a wooden chair.  His eye was still bloody and two humans stood at the door of the small room with rifles.  He knew an interrogation was coming soon.  They made him wait in silence for a while, though.  Finally, a man wearing a crumpled dress shirt and a few days worth of facial growth entered and dropped a stack of papers onto the table.
"Ares?"
The Olympian nodded.
"I'm Francis Scipio, an interrogation officer with Tiberia's central command."  He stood in front of the table, slumped.  He sighed and continued, "I have some questions for you but it won't take long."
Ares didn't respond.
"Where is the Olympus Institute based these days?"
One side of Ares' mouth curled upward into a smirk.  He didn't answer.
Scipio waited and then asked, "What's the range on your mind being able to download into a new body?"  A single eyebrow of Ares' shot up.  "Yes, we know about that.  We've got the Titans, you know."  He leaned over and continued, "So what's the range?  If you die here, … are we close enough so you can wake up again?"
No response.
"When's the last time you spoke with a Titan?"
No response.
Scipio sighed and asked, "Where is Zeus?"
No response.
"Look, Ares," the interrogator said.  "You're a Psilon.  Just like your old man.  We just want to know where he is so we can talk to him."
"Talk to Zeus?"  Ares scoffed, "You don't know him very well."
"That's his fault, though, isn't it?" Scipio said.  He stood and walked around the table.  "There's a war going on out there and not against Attica.  We're working together.  Cylons are fighting humans; that's the important thing.  Routing us out of our homes.  And you," he turned, pointing at Ares, "you Psilons, you flesh-and-blood Cylons, are holding your hands up and playing the pacifist card."
"We have no quarrel with you or them," Ares said.
"Sure.  That's what you say now.  What about when we let you go?  Will you run and tell daddy how the mean ol' humans roughed you up?"
Ares grinned.  "I'm a big boy."
"Right."  The man leaned over the table.  "The Caesar just wants to speak with Zeus.  He just wants the opportunity to try and win you guys over to our side."
"Yeah, well," he stretched his arms against the rope, causing the chair to creak, "arresting his son might not prove as conducive to trust as you might think."
"You're not under arrest."  Scipio removed a knife from his pocket and sliced the ropes.  Ares let the strands fall to the floor and he watched the interrogator fold the blade and return it to his pocket.  "See?"
Ares was about to speak when he heard a distant alarm sound.  The man turned to the guards, one of whom was pressing a device into his ear.  "Clankers.  They're here."
"Frak," Scipio said.  He turned and looked at Ares, sighed loudly and said, "Keep him here.  Protect him."
The guards nodded and turned to the door.  Ares stood and walked to the window.  He looked out and saw only the courtyard of the facility.  The lights had been shut off.  A guard gave him a wary look, but then he turned back toward the door.  There was an explosion.  Out the window, Ares saw the side of a wall blow out.  The guards primed their weapons and distant gunfire reverberated in the hallway.
"Hey, guys," Ares said, "would one of you mind giving me something to shoot with?"
The guards looked at each other and one finally pulled a handgun from his waist and handed it to him.  "Be sure you point it at the shiny ones."
Ares pulled the slide back and released it.  He walked back to the window and looked down.  There was no ledge, no ladder, no drain pipe.  Nothing to grab onto and climb down.  He turned to look around the room when he heard gunfire just outside.  He backed against the wall and readied the weapon.  An explosion knocked the door in, bashing one of the guards in the head.  Two golden Cylons stepped into view and, with two quick shots, killed the other standing guard.  They walked into the room and one stared at Ares while the other studied the human lying unconscious on the ground.  It shot him in the head.
The Cylon looking at Ares finally spoke.  "You are Ares, are you not?"
Ares was aiming his pistol right at the single circular eye socket of the Cylon.  He contemplated shooting the thing but he noted that its weapon wasn't raised.  "I am."
"We are not here for you," it said.  "You are free to go."  It turned and walked out of the room.
The second Cylon moved to the doorway and said, "Be sure to tell your father that we extended this courtesy."
Once the machines were gone, Ares stepped into the hallway and looked in both directions.  The soldiers had moved away and were going from office to office as though they were looking for something.  He ducked back into the room and removed his satchel from a table in the interrogation room.  He breathed slowly and thought about what to do next.
With the handgun by his side, Ares moved in the opposite direction.  He found a stairwell and ran down the steps.  Outside an exit, the darkened courtyard of the government building seemed empty.  He quickly and quietly moved across it, emerging on the far side by a city park.  He concealed the gun and walked nonchalantly along the sidewalk.
He looked down at his wristband and contemplated sending a message to Zeus.  They really want to meet with him.  What does the Caesar want with my father?  He kept thinking as he mentally mapped his way to his original meeting place.  Cylons in Tiberia.  They've invaded more than just Scythia then.  The war is going worse than even father thought.  And what did that interrogator say?  'We're working together …'  Maybe the rumors are true.
Distant sirens came from the government compound.  The streets were bare.  He saw an old storefront ahead and the logo matched the one he was given to look for.  He continued to walk quickly but purposefully along the sidewalk.  He passed by the front door of the store and looked in as best he could.  He saw nothing … save for a small red eagle drawn on the 'closed' sign.
Ares turned right at the next streetlight and then snuck behind a parked car.  He crouched low and darted to the front door and found that it was open.  Once he got inside and pushed it shut, he stood and said, "Flash."
Someone turned on a lantern and Ares saw about ten people with guns aimed at him.  An older man smiled and said, "Thunder."  He offered his hand and Ares took it eagerly.  "It is good to see you, friend."
"You as well, Darro."  The man leaned to the left and studied the Psilon's injury.  Ares shook his head and said, "Just a bit of bad timing, apparently."
"But good, too?"  Darro smiled and pointed toward downtown.  "The Cylons could not have chosen a better time for their raid."
"A raid, eh?"
Darro nodded.  "Apparently.  Not a full invasion."  He shrugged.  "We have a few people on the inside."
Ares looked around at the group and then exhaled loudly.  "Well, I am here.  What was so urgent?"
"A great many opportunites."  Darro pulled a couple of chairs forward.  "Infiltration, leaking reports from government entitites.  What Cronus is up to."  Ares grinned.  "We have much to discuss."  Someone in the background cleared his throat and Darro snapped his fingers.  "First, I have a new lieutenant to introduce to you."  A young man stepped from the shadow and stood next to Darro.  "This is Thon Ahljaela."
Ares reached his large hand out and took Thon's.  As he shook it, he said, "Welcome aboard."
LXXXVII
CRONUS
5 Years Before the End

"The Caesar is growing weak," he said.
Iapetus raised a single eyebrow and mumbled, "Be careful."
"Don't worry," Cronus smiled.  "I'm speaking figuratively.  Of course."  He turned and looked across the faces of the assembled Titans.  "His forces have been rebuffed time and again.  Tiberia gains a foothold in Gela and loses ground in Jomon.  The Cylons take another shitpile nation in Eridia and launch sorties into Isinnia.  Quintus is on the way out, I hear."
Iapetus nodded and said, "But Caesar backs him, strongly."
"He is not the only mechanism at work in the Empire," Theia said.  "We need strength."
Cronus leaned forward and propped himself up on his elbows.  "The emperor is fortunate that the Cylons' attention is split.  By invading other nations and taking their armaments, they can't push back as effectively against the legions."
"But," Hyperion said, "there's a tipping point."  Cronus nodded.  "The Cylons have gained a massive force through invasion and theft as much as through their own construction and manufacturing."
Tethys asked, "How long before they use all that they've gotten against Tiberia?  Or against everyone else?"
Cronus looked to Iapetus as the other Titan thought.  Finally, he said, "Any time now.  They have dozens of legions of soldiers, entire squadrons of aircraft and transports.  Three entire fleets of naval vessels, too."  Oceanus shook his head while Iapetus finished, "Were I them, I'd strike now."
Coeus quickly lifted his hand and began to speak, "Is there truth to the rumor that the Caesar is negotiating with the Pact for an alliance?"
Cronus looked toward Iapetus and said, "You're the war consul.  Tell us."
Iapetus smirked and sighed.  "There have been … discussions."  Some of the Titans grumbled.  "A few cautious messages sent but no real overtures."
"Since you're being so open," Cronus said, "tell me, why does the Caesar want to speak to Zeus?"
Iapetus' eyes widened and he said, "I don't know anything about that."
"Come now," Cronus said.  "I have birds that chirp.  A message was delivered through Ares.  Caesar wants to meet with Zeus."
Hyperion pounded the table with his fist and scrunched up his mouth as though he was readying a glob of spit.  "Zeus.  What does he want with him?"
Iapetus shook his head.  "Technology?  Information?  Another inroad with the Pact?  This is the first I'm hearing of it."
Cronus motioned toward Hyperion and said, "Tell him what you told me."
After a quick scratch of his thick beard, Hyperion sat forward and said, "That terrorist and his friends have been visiting villages in Assuria.  They have structured cells to operate against the government."
"The same is true in Alabor," Theia said.  "No offense, Cronus, but things haven't been as bad as they are now since you were there."
Cronus grinned, "I'm only glad I'm no longer a praetor.  You each have vast responsibilities and you're being undermined by your children."  Tethys scoffed.  "You're not being helped by Tiber, either.  The Draft has only hurt your positions."  Most of the Titans nodded.  "The Caesar has, inadvertently, prepared your populations to be molded by terrorists like Zeus."
"What is the point of this," Iapetus asked, angrily.
Cronus leaned back and stared at his comrade.  "The point is … there is an air of change.  I don't know whence it will come, but I feel it.  We need to prepare for the possibility that you won't be getting much more help from the Caesar in the near future."  Iapetus sighed.  "It's not a threat.  It's not seditious talk."  He poked the table to emphasize each of the next three words, "It is realism."
"And Zeus?  The Olympians?" Crius asked.
Cronus nodded and stood.  "Typhon is hunting them.  Still.  They will be stopped."
Several of the Titans grumbled and began to leave the room.  Eventually, only Themis was still seated at the table.  She was sitting in her chair, comfortably, as she had been for the whole meeting.  Finally, she stood and slowly walked toward Cronus.
"Rhea?  Mnemosyne?" Themis asked.  "I didn't see them here."
"Rhea is content to oversee farmers in Naban and Saban."  He shook his head dismissively.  "And Pathya now.  Let her stay there."
Themis nodded.  "I believe there is more to it than that."  Her eyes wandered over to Cronus' personal guard, the large, colored, multi-limbed robots standing by the doors.
"I wouldn't know."  He wiped his mouth and said, "Mnemosyne is off on her own.  Painting, watching sunsets, or something."
"Living a peaceful life," Themis said.  Cronus shrugged.  She tilted her head before saying, "Caesar is preparing the people for Zeus?"
Cronus nodded.  "Truth."
"To a point.  In reality, the Titans are more complicit than the emperor."  Cronus' grinned, almost inviting her to go further.  "Hyperion grumbles about Zeus but he fails to connect the terrorist attacks with the public executions he holds.  Tethys tightly controls her mining concerns, her death camps, while the people struggle.  And Alabor?  They're starving while Theia lives in luxury."
Cronus shrugged.  "You are not incorrect."
"Then why advise them?" Themis asked.  "Why keep propping them up in their own minds and to their own detriment?"
Cronus' jaw flexed and he folded his arms over his chest.  Campe entered the room and stopped.  She leaned against the door and smiled at him.  He looked back at Themis and said, "I need them to be this way."  Themis was surprised and he added, "Everything I said is true.  The Caesar's days are numbered.  Whether his end will come from the Cylons or from his own angry, hungry plebeians, I don't know.  But the end is near for the Empire."  Themis nodded.  "When it falls, when the nations connected to it fall, we will be there to pick up the shards.  The Cylons will wage war not only against Tiberia, but Attica, Huban, and the rest.  They will be weakened, all of them.  And the Titans will still be here."
"And what about the Cylons if they're victorious?"
Cronus inhaled deeply and said, "I've talked my way into their favor before.  I've maintained … a measure of communication with them."
Themis squinted and said, "You sound like a bad movie villain."
Cronus shook his head.  "Again, realism.  We will still be here to rebuild.  We will have learned many lessons.  I can advise some of them," he motioned toward the empty table, "on better ways to govern.  Right now, though, they're quickening the fall of the Empire and I need them to keep doing that."  He smiled, "Once it does collapse, we can reshape Tiberia and all these nations however we like."  He took Campe's hand.  "We are the future."
Themis backed away.  "Outlast the emperor.  This is your plan?  It sounds delusional."
He kissed Campe's cheek and said, "I'm being prepared."
LXXXVIII
CAESAR
4 Years Before the End

Maxentius exited the large sitting room and stepped out onto the balcony.  He could smell the salty air.  The waves hit the rocks far below.  He opened his eyes, looked around the white-colored villa and saw his guest waiting down in the garden.
The emperor descended the staircase and allowed his hands to brush along the smooth brick of the rails.  More brick, intricately patterned, made up the floor of the walkway and the garden.  He moved between two carefully sculpted bushes and stood calmly behind the man.
"Zeus."
He turned around.  "Caesar."
He smiled and walked toward him, offering his hand.  Zeus grinned and stuck his out.  As they shook, the emperor said, "It is a pleasure to meet you, at last."
The white-haired man smirked and said, "I'm not entirely certain I believe that."
"Oh, please believe me."  Maxentius walked ahead of him toward the wrought iron fence.  "Like your parents and the Titans both, you Psilons have contributed a great deal to the world in the sciences."
Zeus nodded.  "We try."
"Yes."  The Caesar chuckled and said, "I admit that I get more than some pleasure from seeing Cronus feeling … distressed about you."
Zeus' eyebrows raised.  "Really?"
"Yes," the imperator shook his head, "I do.  Cronus and the Titans have done a great deal for me and Tiberia over the last century."  Zeus' jaw flexed as though he were stifling a sneeze.  Caesar knew he was merely guarding his speech.  "I have been disappointed in the way some of them have ruled their territories.  Cronus foremost among them."
"Thus his exile."
Maxentius nodded.  "To here, actually."  He shrugged, "They keep their populations in line, they produce more than enough of their resources, but Tiberia is now a nation that tries to do business with the outside world.  The Titans are a liability, perception-wise.  I would be happy to wash my hands of them."
Zeus waved and said, "Then why not get rid of them?"
"Because I do not trust anyone else, simply put.  I gave them freedom and comfort at a time when they had neither.  That bought me their loyalty for generations.  Most of them.  People, though," he shook his head, "have their own goals.  Often short-term and near-sighted."
Zeus nodded.  "Indeed."
"Let's talk about you."  The Caesar turned and leaned against a brick column.  "Your war on the Titans."
"It's not my war."
The emperor nodded.  "I suppose the Titans started it."
"With your help."
Silence.  Maxentius inhaled deeply and nodded.  "Yes.  On a personal level, I apologize to you for that.  I was paying someone a debt.  A debt I felt I owed.  Had I known then what I know now, I would not have paid it."
Zeus said nothing.
"You've struck your blows.  Propaganda, bombings, arms shipments …"
Zeus shook his head.  "No.  Propaganda only.  The rest came naturally from all that the Titans have done."
"Perhaps," the emperor said.  "Your recent stunt with him," he laughed, "Cronus was furious.  I don't know the full story with his crew of brutes, but I know you angered him beyond reckoning."  Caesar girded his smile and then said, "I did not bring you here to scratch scabs, however."  Zeus nodded.  "I have questions for you.  Maybe a proposal."
"Ask your questions."
Caesar folded his arms across his chest.  "You've met with the Cylons.  Please, give me your analysis of them."
Zeus said, "They are, quite simply, children.  When they were placed on Gela, they were given no guidance on how to make a society."  The emperor nodded.  "They live their lives as they wish with little thought to others."
"Yes.  That's what my ambassadors said, too."
"There's something else, though."  Maxentius fixed his eyes on him and listened intently.  "They can be singularly focused.  Driven.  The way they embrace their personal freedoms borders on anarchy.  But if that freedom is threatened, they will strike out.  They will refocus and defend themselves however they see fit.  They can be easily unified toward this common goal."  The emperor began to slowly nod.  "Something, I believe, Tiberia is already experiencing firsthand."
The imperator said, "It is no secret that our campaign against them has not gone as quickly as we would have liked."
"And they have raided Tiberia, too."  The Caesar seemed surprised at this statement and said, "Do not forget.  My son was in Cales a few months ago."
Maxentius looked toward the ocean and spoke softly.  "Do you believe the Cylons are dangerous?  Beyond the current warfare?"
"Long term?"  Caesar nodded.  "The possibility is there, yes.  Their single-mindedness could mean they would do whatever they feel they need to to achieve their aims.  Even if it means the destruction of entire nations.  So far, though, they have only conducted small raids into neighboring countries around Gela …"  
"I fear they cannot be bargained with," Maxentius said.
"True," Zeus replied.  "Certainly not like you would with any other nation.  You can't bribe them because what interests them isn't yours to give."  He paused and sized up the emperor.  "Perhaps Tiberia should not have attacked."
The imperator glared at Zeus and said, "It was a matter of honor.  And of necessity.  Many factors.  You would not understand."
"Hmm."  Zeus strolled toward a colorful flowering plant and said, "And you are working with the Pact of Nations against them?"
"It is a limited partnership, yes.  Some intelligence work.  Little more."  He sighed and added, "That is part of why I wanted you to come.  I wanted you to make an official overture on our behalf to Attica."  Zeus spun around and widened his eyes.  "Tiberia may be ready for a greater arrangement."
Zeus inhaled slowly and then asked, "Why me?"
"I need you to convey my sincerity."
"Then the war goes more poorly than even you say."
Maxentius turned his head slightly and opened his mouth to speak.  He then closed it and let the statement hang.
"I will speak to my contacts in the Attican government for you."
Caesar turned away from the sea view and took a few steps toward Zeus.  He reached out and put a hand on his shoulder.  For the first time, he spoke earnestly.  "At the moment, that is all that I need from you.  But, in the future, … I do not know."  He shook his head and Zeus stared at the emperor.  "The war does not go well.  I fear Tiberia, Attica, all of Isinnia will be overrun with machines in just a few years."  He relaxed and his arm fell to his side.  "What that means for humanity, I do not know.  I only know that, at some point, we will need your help.  Not just for better computers or medicines.  But for survival."
Zeus pulled his head away and slowly inhaled.  He nodded once.  "I will … consider everything you've said."
"Please do."  The Caesar looked at the sea again and smiled briefly at the beauty of the setting sun.  When he turned back around, the Psilon leader was gone.
Maxentius walked around the garden for a few minutes more.  He cupped flowers in his hand and looked into the sky as the first few stars appeared in the deep dusk blue expanse.  Then he withdrew himself from the Matrix.
He was sitting in his bedroom at the palace in Tiber.  He sighed and looked toward the windows.  Caesar wanted to see the same stars he had just seen at his virtual island of Arba, but clouds obscured everything.
LXXXIX
POSEIDON
4 Years Before the End

"We are happy to welcome your people to Thoria," the deputy minister said.
Zeus bowed a little and responded, "And we thank you for the hospitality we've been shown so far, Ms. Daag."
The old woman opened her hands and asked, "Have your infrastructure needs been met?"
"Yes.  We are secure and able to continue our work."
"Your work," she said.  "Hmm.  That is part of why I wanted to meet with you."
Poseidon looked at Zeus, who glanced toward him briefly.  "What about it?"
Her eyes cast toward the ceiling and she said, "You know that Thoria has been at the forefront when it comes military development and defense."  Zeus nodded.  "We were on the front lines during the War of Expansion, defending nations we had little interest in or relationships with.  Even now, our soldiers are defending distant lands from the Cylons."
"And I'm sure the Pact and those nations are very appreciative," Zeus said.
"Certainly," Daag responded.  She folded her hands on the table and continued, "In the interests of friendship, I would like to ask the Olympus Institute if they might be able to share with us some of their technology."
Poseidon raised an eyebrow.  "Thoria is already very advanced, Madam Minister."
"We are, thank you, but I'm referring to new fields of technology.  Ones we do not currently master."  Both of the Psilons were silent and she continued unprompted.  "Space travel.  Namely, faster-than-light travel."
Zeus looked down and softly asked, "I wasn't aware that that technology was common knowledge."
"It isn't."  Daag said nothing else.  She simply smiled.
Zeus took in a deep breath and looked at his brother.  Poseidon turned and said, "If Thoria wishes to join the Space Probe Agency, I'm sure they would be happy to …"
She waved her hand dismissively.  "Our government is not interested in that.  We would simply like the technology as a kind of … appreciation for our hospitality."
Zeus' jaw clenched and, after a few seconds, he nodded.  "I will discuss it with the rest of the Institute and let you know."
Daag clapped the table and began to stand.  "That is excellent.  Thank you, Mr. Zeus."  She paused midway and then said, "Oh, I should tell you.  We received some intelligence that the praetors of Tiberia's satellites have issued bounties on your heads."  The Psilons glanced at each other and then back at her.  "Have a good evening."  She and her small entourage turned and left the empty restaurant.
Poseidon picked up his lukewarm cup of coffee and winced back a sip.  "Bounties, huh?"  He leaned against the back of the seat and stared at his younger brother.  "Well?"
Zeus' head was hung low and his eyes were cast out of the window.  He watched the large vehicle back out of the parking lot.  He didn't answer.
"It could have been worse," Poseidon offered.  "They could have asked us to stop our campaign against Tiberia."
Zeus picked his head up and nodded weakly.  "That, at least, would have been understandable.  They're the ones who fought so hard last time.  They're fighting now.  If war with Tiberia happens, they'd be fighting them again."  He stretched and leaned against his chair, too.  "No, I'd get it if that's what she wanted."
Poseidon shrugged.  "We've been asked to pay rent before."
Zeus snorted and shook his head.  "Caralo asked for medicine.  And agriculture technology.  We were happy to help them."
"Attica?"
Zeus rolled his eyes.  "Oh, shit."
Poseidon laughed and leaned forward.  "Remember that bureaucrat who kept bugging you?  Kept saying we were using more power than we did?"
"He said we didn't ship enough computer processors …"
"He always showed up with that clipboard …"
Zeus pointed his finger at Poseidon and said, "I thought Hermes was going to kill him that one time he came, talking about all the Matrix bandwidth we used."
"Damn."
Zeus shook his head.  "Attica was home, but … frak."
Silence.  The lone employee who was paid to stay and keep the restaurant open for the meeting sneezed in the backroom.  Poseidon looked toward the kitchen and said, "You want to go?"  Zeus just nodded and stood.
As they drove away from the small port town of Kvenlan, Zeus leaned his face into his hand and looked out the passenger window.  "How long do you think I can keep Daag at bay?"
Poseidon shrugged.  "You can stall for awhile.  Blame some delays on the bureaucracy of the Agency.  And Attica.  She'll get that."
They rode for a further five minutes in silence.  The tall trees of the Great Forest made their drive as one through a green canyon.  Poseidon leaned forward over the wheel, looking intently for the small dirt road.  He saw it and turned.
The car's sides were perilously close to the tree trunks and the bumps forced the brothers side to side at a disorientating rate.  "Damn."
Poseidon then turned left onto another dirt road and then into a thick group of evergreen trees.  They slowly rolled under the protective metal netting and he pulled the vehicle over next to one of the dozens of tents and small shacks they had erected.
They walked toward the main structure when Zeus' wristband beeped.  "I'll be in in a minute."  Poseidon nodded and kept walking.  He looked up at the sky.  It was mostly obscured by trees but the rest of the view was hampered by the signal-dampening camouflage.
When he entered the single-room hut, Bia smiled and asked, "How did it go?"
Poseidon sighed and said, "They want FTL."
"You're kidding," Hermes said.  Poseidon shook his head.
"Everywhere we go," Bia muttered, "someone wants something."  
Poseidon looked toward the nearby monitor.  The volume was low but the screen showed dozens of people breaking glass and looting food stores in Alabor.  A fat politician denounced the violence.
The door to the building opened and Zeus entered.  "Is it finished?" he asked.
Through the wristband, Ares answered, "Nearly.  Another day and then I can come back."
"Good.  Hurry."  He tapped the glass and looked at the Psilons nearby.  "That's three decoy sites now."
Hermes shook his head.  "I'd be happier with six or seven."
"We take what we can get," Poseidon said.  He walked over to the large table and stared at the map being weighted down.  "Tiberian?"
Hermes looked at the different names and repositioned continents.  "We take what we can get," he said dryly.
Poseidon smiled and Bia asked, "Do we have our next site picked out, just in case?" 
Zeus put his finger in Thoria and dragged it over most of the world.  "I was looking at a place in East Kanda."  Poseidon nodded.  "They have enough of a basic infrastructure for us.  Signal maps for our transfers show everything should be fine in northern Illyria."
"Yeah, it should work," Hermes said.  "But what about the decoy facility in Memfi?"
"I don't think it's a bad move to have a decoy so near a real location," Poseidon said.  He was about to continue when Atlas burst into the room with an armful of papers and a computer slate.
He spilled his arms onto the table, knocking a stone away and causing the map to roll up.  "Sorry, sorry."  
"What is it?" Zeus asked.
Atlas straightened up and sighed.  Smiling brightly, he said, "They're back."  The others blinked and stared blankly before Atlas added, "The probes."
"Frak, I nearly forgot about them," Hermes said.
Zeus asked, "How many?"
"Six of the seven."  They smiled and Atlas said, "I know.  I can't wait to tell Hephaestus how well the FTL worked."
Poseidon crossed his arms and asked, "And the results?"
Before he finished the question, Atlas reached into the pile and pulled out several sheets of paper.  They were black with space and dotted with stars.  There were, however, a few blurry pictures of blue, red, green and yellow worlds.  "Amazing."
Bia pushed a few papers around and asked, "I'm sure the Agency is pleased."
"Very."  Atlas took out his computer panel and touched the glass.  Several graphs appeared and he pointed to them.  "The engines operated well within all parameters.  They want to test them on bigger ships next."
Zeus lifted an image up and squinted at the planet.  "How detailed are the reports?  Can we see what's on these other worlds?"
Atlas nodded.  "Of course.  The data is still pretty raw."  He laughed, "It just came in minutes ago."
Poseidon saw something in the way Zeus looked at the picture.  His older brother squinted and asked, "What are you looking for?"
Zeus shook his head briefly and set the image down.  He put his hands on his waist and said, "Habitable planets."
Atlas glanced from Zeus down to the pile of papers.  "'Habitable?'  Why?"
Poseidon understood and Zeus looked at him squarely.  Without taking his eyes off Poseidon, Zeus said, "Maybe a new home."
"Whoa," Hermes said.
"Zeus," Bia began, "I don't think it will come to that."
He nodded and said, "I hope you're right.  But … we can't run forever."  
Poseidon sighed.  "How many more times can we relocate our facilities?  It's just not feasible."
"Exactly."  Zeus seemed humbled and he kept his head low.  He looked from Hermes to Atlas and then to Bia.  "I'm not saying we leave tomorrow, just … with the Cylons invading more territories, with Typhon still out there, we have to have every possibility covered."
Quietly, Hermes said, "I understand."
"What about the ships?" Bia asked.
"Olympus' parts are laid out and under construction.  It will be a while before they're ready for Huban to launch into orbit for final assembly."  Zeus looked at Poseidon and said, "The other one?"
"Lemuria is a little behind Olympus.  We're still waiting on FTL parts from Hephaestus, too."
Bia nodded and then sighed.  "Those are supposed to be ships of exploration, not lifeboats."  She stared at the pile of papers and began to tug the map of Larsa out from underneath them.  "I hope you're wrong.  I can't imagine what it would take for us to … leave."
"Me either," Hermes said.
Zeus stepped away from the table and looked out of the small room's lone window.  "Atlas, take that data to Hephaestus.  He'll need it."
"Of course."  He began to gather the papers again and said to Hermes, "There's some computer data in here, too."
"Good.  I'll help you."  The shorter Psilon lifted a stack of papers and began to follow Atlas out.
At the door, Atlas paused and turned slightly, saying, "I'll begin checking the data for habitable planets."  Zeus nodded without looking at him.  "A few more probes are scheduled to be launched soon, so that would mean even more possibilities."
"Good."  Zeus turned and smiled weakly.
Bia backed away from the table.  Poseidon nodded at her and she left the room, too.  
The older brother seemed to feel his real age instead of his body's.  He stretched his arms and walked toward the window before leaning against the wall.  "What's happened?"
Zeus looked away from the glass for a second and then refocused his attention outside.  "I was warned we might have a hard time getting our information to and from the Agency."  He paused.  "The Pact is gearing up to strike back."  He shook his head and muttered, "They've squandered whatever good faith the Declaration of Rights bought them."
Poseidon nodded.  "Cylons have plundered Scythia as much as they can.  They've launched a few raids into Galatia."
"They've attacked Attican merchant vessels, too."
Poseidon inhaled and folded his arms across his chest.  "And you think the war will ruin the world?"  Zeus looked at him.  "That we'd have to leave it to be happy?"
"You didn't see them."  Zeus licked his lips and said, "The Cylons are as without discipline as the worst street gang.  Even their leaders.  They were given their own land but no guidance.  No one was there to show them the … right way to live."  He began to walk away from the window.  "Yes, I think they won't stop until every Tiberian is dead.  Maybe even every human.  If I thought we could make an impact, I'd try to convince them otherwise, but …"  He flopped his hands against his sides.  "I had my suspicions before that things would go bad."  
Poseidon stayed in his lean but he stared at the floor.  "Will the ships be finished in time?"
"I hope so."  Zeus stopped his amble and turned back slightly.  His head lowered and he looked at the floor before speaking very quietly.  "When Olympus is ready, we need to get on."
Poseidon narrowed his eyes and said, "What?"
Zeus turned around fully and lifted his chin.  It was a front, Poseidon could see that.  Still, he spoke relatively confidently.  "I want you, me, Hera, Hades, Ares … Demeter.  I want us on that ship as soon as it's ready."
Poseidon shook his head.  "You said it might not come down to that."
Zeus clasped his hands behind his back and spoke very clearly.  "The Cylons will win.  I have no doubt.  They need only push and Tiberia will fall.  The largest Pact nations, with the exception of Thoria, have never managed to rebuild their forces to the same point they were during the War of Expansion.  The Cylons will win against them, too."  His voice trailed off and then he spoke more quietly, "My conversation with the Caesar only confirmed the worst."
Poseidon simply blinked and then looked at the cracked door.  Slowly, he moved toward it and spoke, "Why just the family?  Why not everyone?  Are there technical concerns with having multiple simultaneous transfers?"
"No, no.  I'm not worried about the technology."  Zeus shrugged and he lowered his chin.  "I don't know.  They seem reluctant.  They don't believe that the end is coming."  Poseidon pushed the door closed until it clicked.  "They still have hope."
Poseidon scoffed and then smiled.  "Why shouldn't we?  We've survived this long.  We've escaped from the Titans and Cylons before.  Why not again?"
"And again?  And again?"  Zeus opened his mouth to speak but no words emerged.
"I think you're giving up on your friends too soon.  Just because Bia doesn't think we'll have to flee doesn't mean she's not strong.  Or that she's unworthy to come with us."
"No.  I didn't mean it like that."
"Then how did you mean it?"
Zeus inhaled through his nose and stared at the ceiling.  "I've thought a lot about family since my meeting with Cronus.  I have a need … an urgent need to insure that my family is protected."
Poseidon stepped toward Zeus and put his hand on his little brother's shoulder.  "We are protected.  More than that, you've known them all every bit as long as you've known your blood."  He put his second hand on Zeus' other shoulder and said, "We are all family."
Zeus looked deeply into Poseidon's eyes as though he were struck.  Tears welled and he muttered.  "Yes.  You're right."  He shook his head and then hugged his brother.
"We'll figure it out," Poseidon said.  "We can make it work."
XC
PROMETHEUS
4 Years Before the End

Despite the door being shut on him, Prometheus remained outside the shelter.  He pressed his ear against the crack and listened as closely as he could.
"We are protected," Poseidon said.  He said something else but Prometheus didn't understand it as the cold wind blew past him.  "We are all family."
Prometheus closed his eyes and stepped away.  Thank God for Poseidon.  Another thought entered his mind and he looked through the evergreen trees south.  He zipped his jacket up to his chin, huddled his shoulders and began to walk.
Leave us, he thought.  Zeus was seriously considering leaving Larsa without us.  He shook his head and stepped over the low wooden fence.  After all these years … We've followed him all around the world and he was going to leave us?!
He kicked a pine cone and it bounced off a distant trunk.  His feet crunched on old needles for several more meters before he emerged in a clearing by the old road.  He looked in each direction and saw no vehicles.  Prometheus turned right and walked along the shoulder.
We pulled together after our parents died.  I would have called him a friend.  He scoffed out loud and mumbled, "Didn't last."  He had his close friends.  He stayed with his brothers and Hera.  He shook his head as he thought about the other women, too.  He's a bastard.  In multiple ways.  
A car approached and Prometheus considered darting into the trees.  If he had already been seen, though, it would be suspicious.  He kept his head down and kept walking.  The vehicle swept past him and he shivered in its breeze.  
Prometheus began to think about what Zeus said.  He could be right about the Cylons.  He's been right about the Titans.  About Caesar.  Attica and the Space Probe Agency.  He shook his head and said, "He's always right."  What if he's right about needing to leave?  His pace slowed and he thought about the world's ending.
He looked up and saw the little building on the left.  The paint was chipping and the small cupola on the roof seemed damaged.  The sign looked in good order.  It read, "Kvenlan Patarian Church of God," in both Thorian and Attican.
"'Patarian?'" Promethus said.  He saw his breath billow forth in the moonlight and he shivered again.  With a few steps, he crossed the road and slowly moved onto the small porch in front of the door.  He knocked three times and heard nothing.  He reluctantly withdrew his hand from his warm pocket and put it on the dull brass handle.  With a push, the door opened.
Prometheus stepped inside.  "Hello?"  He said it again in Thorian.  There was no answer.
He closed the door and moved to the front of the sanctuary.  Above the dais hung a large wooden circle with a wooden rectangle dividing it vertically.  It was the only symbol of the Median faith in the sparse sanctuary.  He moved under it and saw a table filled with small candles.  There was a book of matches next to a sign which read something in Thorian.  Prometheus' grasp of the language wasn't firm enough to make it out.  
After lighting the candles, he sat on the floor by them and rubbed his hands over the fires.  He rocked back and forth and kept looking over his shoulder toward the door.  He felt certain the priest would come in at some point and scream at him.  
Prometheus rubbed his hands over the candles again.  He looked up at the Median circle and wondered at its weight.  Then he thought to the last time he was in a church of any kind.  A century ago.  A Synoptic cathedral in Fardan.  It was opulent, adorned with gold and colored enamel.  The priests wore flowing robes and carried bejeweled instruments.  When they were still in Doria, he read about the Median faith and had a belief in God.  He was comforted by the thought of an all-powerful being who watched over him.  After the loss of my parents, of course it was comforting.
He looked again at the hanging circle.  The flame flickered shadows over the grain of the wood.  His eyes ran along the surface of the rectangle that showed the middle path.  The path to faith.  Prometheus' throat clenched and he felt warmth wash over him.  He gasped and thought again of the little boy, huddled with his older brother in the crawlspace as their parents' blood dripped between the floorboards.
God, he prayed, if you are truly here, if you love us as the books say, I need your help.  A tear fell over his cheek and he leaned back, bracing his shoulders on the first row of benches.  I don't know if I can trust all of the people I've known my whole life.  War is coming, I'm sure, but I don't know who to follow.  He chuckled and shook his head.  Or if I should follow anyone.
Behind him, the door creaked open.
Prometheus quickly stood and wiped his face.  He tried to think of the Thorian words for "I'm sorry," but the visitor spoke first.
"Hello, Prometheus."
It was Themis, a Titan who looked every bit the same as his own mother.  She had the same short, curly brown hair.  She had the same full lips.  She even wore glasses, which Prometheus remembered her wearing.
He staggered backward and bumped the table, tossing candles aside and spilling their wax.  She noticed and took a step forward, but Prometheus took another back.
"What are you doing here?" he asked, barely above a whisper.
She lightly clasped her hands and held them in front of herself.  "I got lucky.  I saw you walking on the road as I drove."
His eyes remained wide and he shook his head once.  "Why were you driving here in the first place?"
She took a single step forward.  "Intelligence said the Olympians were hiding out in either Erlitoun or Thoria.  I decided to check out Kvenlan.  I knew Zeus was here once …"
Prometheus straightened up and tightened his fists.  "You came to kill us?"
She seemed stunned.  "No.  Absolutely not.  I knew Zeus was here because I've been searching for him, too, on my own.  I came because I wanted to be the one to find you."  She took a step forward.  "I have no plans of telling anyone that I did."
He squinted and tilted his head.  "Why?"
She smiled a little.  "I came to get Zeus' help."  Prometheus didn't move.  Themis took another step forward and asked, "Why are you here?"
Involuntarily, he looked up toward the Median circle and then down at the floor.  "I was having a … crisis of faith."
"Oh.  In God?"
Prometheus briefly, quickly shook his head.  "No.  In Zeus."
Themis nodded and glanced around the sanctuary.  "I won't pry, but I will say this.  Zeus may be the best hope you have."
His head slowly rose and he flicked his eyebrows together briefly.  "Really?"
She spoke as she stepped again.  "Maybe the best hope for the world."
"How do you know that?"
"Because Cronus fears him.  He won't admit it, but I can see it."  Themis nodded and said, "Yes."  There was a lengthy, heavy pause.  Suddenly, Prometheus looked at her and marched the rest of the way across the sanctuary.  She seemed surprised but she straightened up and said, "I can leave ..."
"No."  Prometheus stood a little taller than she and he nervously looked at her face.  He took a deep breath and asked, "May I hold you?"  
Startled, Themis thought for a second and then nodded.  Prometheus bent over and rested his head on her shoulder.  His arms reached around her side and he pulled himself against her.  Themis raised her hands awkwardly before deciding to place them on his back.  When she did, Prometheus closed his eyes and wept.
XCI
THE MESSENGERS
4 Years Before the End

Every moment of every day saw the angel flitting about the world, planting ideas in one, diverting another.  She helped a doctor's family flee to Eridia.  She spurred on a Huban scientist's research into cryogenics.  She stirred the nascent faith of an Attican politician.  Yet she returned to the side of Corol Gaber.  She had spent a century with this child's line.  She could not bear to part with it near the end of all things.
"Heads down!" the sergeant said.
Corol complied.  She pressed herself against the rubble and clapped her hand on her helmet to keep it in place.  Cylon bullets ricocheted along the front of the supports and debris, but her squad was uninjured.
The Messenger felt her fear and gave her encouragement.  "You will survive."
Corol sniffed and flipped the safety off her rifle.  She crawled onto her belly and inched out from behind the pile.  She lined her scope up with the destroyed vehicle down the street and waited for one of their black metal heads to appear.  One did, and she squeezed the trigger.
A single high-caliber round left her barrel and almost instantly struck the Cylon, exploding.  The machine twitched and staggered into the open where other members of her squad began to eagerly open fire.
"Get back," the being told her.  
Corol leapt behind cover just as more Cylons stood and began to shoot.  Two of her squadmates were hit.  One died before he hit the ground.  
"Watch it!" the sergeant yelled.  "Frakking recruits!"
The tender felt his fear, too.  Tyria's military was spread thin and volunteers were taken from all sectors of society.  The Cylons poured forth across the ocean in unending numbers.  Battles raged along the continent's southern coast.  Corol joined to safeguard her home.
My Lord, she prayed, Please bless me and keep me.  Let me stay safe and help my friends, too.  If it is in your will and wisdom to give us victory, I thank you.  I praise your holy name.
The tender smiled at her.  Despite all she had been through – poverty, foster care, war – Corol maintained her faith.  The angel was happy to reward her for it.

"You used to work at one of these places," Darro began.  "Where should we look?"
"I don't know," Thon Ahljaela answered.  "They've changed a lot in the ten years since I've worked in one."
"I've got something!"
The pair ran down the hallway and into an office.  One of their comrades found a machine that was still on.  "Excellent," Darro said.  He pulled a datacube from his pocket and set it on the desk.  "Take what you can and let's go."
Darro left the room and began shouting at the others.  Thon stayed and looked over the woman's shoulder.  "What's in there?"
"Intelligence files, spy programs," she said.  "Things like that."  Ahljaela nodded and she smiled, "Have you ever wondered what the government has on you?"
Thon raised his eyebrows and said, "What?  No."
She laughed and said, "You might be surprised.  I looked up mine once."  She whistled and Ahljaela knelt beside her.
"Can we look me up?"
"Sure," she tilted her head, "but they'll know to look for you if we do."
He waved his hand dismissively and said, "They already are, I'm sure."
She typed on the panel for a moment and a circle irised open.  "Whoa.  There's a bunch of Ahljaelas here."  She pressed a few lights on the screen and said, "Is your family from Gargamus?"
He nodded.  "For generations.  I don't know how far back, though."
"Well, this goes back more than a century."  She pressed another button and then turned to face him.  "They've been watching your family for a hundred and fifty years."
Thon's eyes widened and he leaned forward.  "Why?"
She chuckled and said, "Don't know family history, huh?"
He shook his head.  "No.  No one ever talked about it, really."
She touched the screen and another circle opened.  It was a photo of someone named Mar Dohl Ahljaela.  "This is why they've been watching you.  This guy, Mar, tried to start a labor coalition in a government factory way back then.  They killed him for it."
Thon was stunned.  He stared at the image of the long-dead man and felt as though he floated.  His head swam and then he inhaled to enlarge his chest.  Pride.  That was something he hadn't felt too often.  "What else?"
"Well, his son fell in line.  He was a worker.  Oh.  And an informant.  His son was a centurion.  Some kind of hero … after he was an organizer for labor protests."
Thon smiled.  "Another revolutionary."
"Yeah."  She opened more digital circles and said, "His daughter was just a worker, but she was investigated for subversive postings on the Matrix.  Her daughter was a soldier who also tried to organize coalitions in the factories where she worked."
He mumbled, "Grandma was a soldier?"
"Her son … still alive," she said.
"That's my father."
"Oh.  Well, he's just an obedient worker, apparently.  You … worker who disappeared.  Suspected of joining 'rebellious elements.'"  She laughed again and slapped his back.  "Congratulations.  It seems as though you're just the latest in a long line of bad figs."
Thon smiled and asked, "You can save those for me?"
"Sure."
He stood and ran into the hallway.  Darro directed him toward a large column to place a charge.  As he prepped the receiver, he smiled again and thought about all he had just learned.  'Bad figs,' he thought.
Minutes later, outside, Ahljaela twisted the wires into place.  He brought the battery up to his chin and then nodded.  Darro held his hand out steadily.  Finally, he pointed.  Thon connected the wires to the battery and a boom rocked the large buildings on the other side of the barricade.  Thon saw Darro smile but he wanted to see for himself.
Cables of burning photosilicate flopped away.  The datafarm's walls were peeling apart under the heat and servers sparked in the flames.  A few cylinders of compressed cooling gases exploded, sending scraps of metal and chunks of datacubes high into the air.  Darro ducked low and began to scurry away from the hill and Thon followed suit.
Like his female counterpart, the Messenger had grown attached to a line of human beings.  He, too, appeared around the world to inspire people to make ready for the apocalypse.  They didn't know about the plan, of course, but each cog played its part.
The being thought about the many disparate gears and how they needed to fit together.  They had contingencies in place, but as the end neared, the Messenger began to worry.
XCII
ZEUS
4 Years Before the End

"This way," the Cylon soldier said.
Zeus and Bia followed it closely into the tunnel.  Immediately, they began to stumble and grope for the walls.  "It's too dark in here.  We can't see."
The black soldier turned and said, "You cannot see?"  It looked around and then said, "Your infrared vision is worse than I believed."  A moment later, a light turned on, attached to its rifle.  As the Cylon continued to walk, Zeus and Bia followed as best as they could.
After almost twenty minutes, they emerged in what appeared to be a quarry.  The sky was black above and Zeus could tell by the faint grid that they, too, employed a signal-dampening net.  
"The Council of Five is below," the soldier said.
The two Psilons followed it down a slope and then into a small cave.  After several zig-zagging turns, they entered a large chamber lit with many colored beacons.  The visitors squinted in the harsh light and they heard a familiar voice.
"Welcome back to Gela, Zeus and Bia."  A large armored Cylon stalked toward them and continued, "I am Malaflees Carbanotto Blue Edair."
The Psilons bowed and Zeus said, "Greetings.  I almost didn't recognize you."
"Yes!"  Edair stepped back and spread its arms wide, admiring itself.  Gone were the wispy metallic cape and its thin limbs.  Now its arms and legs were thick beams.  Its head was a large, harsh wedge and the contours of its armor were like ripples in a mirror.  Its sensor ring was split in two, but the separate arcs were at a severe angle and glowed red, making the machine appear permanently angry.
Zeus looked behind the large Cylon and saw the rest of the Council of Five.  Bevonal, the military unit, appeared much as it did before.  The rest of the councilors were also newly clad in battle armor, making identifying them difficult.  "We have come for two purposes."
"One of which we already know," Edair said.
Zeus nodded.  "You have managed to convey multiple messages over the last few years.  So we have come at your invitation."
Blue moved to speak, but another unit spoke from the table, "What is the second purpose?"
Angrily, Edair stomped around and yelled, "I am the leader!"
Bia sighed and said, "We have been asked to speak to you on behalf of the Pact of Nations."
"Ah, good," Edair answered.  "We were friendly with some of their members for a time.  We would like to be so again."
Zeus nodded.  "Excellent."
"But they denied our request for aid in our time of need!" Bevonal said.  "Their Declaration of Rights was hollow words and nothing more!"
The leader lurched toward the warrior and stopped itself.  Bevonal didn't flinch.  "What are the Pact of Nations' terms for us?" Blue asked.
Bia lifted her chin and said, "An immediate cessation of hostilities against any and all Pact members and withdrawal from their lands."
"Hmmmmm."  Edair said, "The cessation of hostilies would be acceptable."
"We could focus our forces solely against the Tiberians," another unit said.
"But withdrawal," still another began.
"We cannot withdraw," Blue said with finality.  "We have bases and need them for the war against Tiberia."
"I have a proposal," Bevonal said.
The leader turned and then all five stopped.  No noise emanated from them at all, save the soft hum of their eyes.  Edair lurched back and exclaimed, "Brilliant!"  It turned to Zeus and Bia and clasped its hands in front of its torso.  "We will withdraw our claim from foreign territories if the Pact of Nations joins us in our war against Tiberia."
Zeus' stomach sank and he slowly turned to Bia.  Their expressions mirrored each other and she very subtlely shook her head.  Zeus faced the Cylons and said, "I will convey the offer but … I can guarantee, with near certainty, that the Pact will not agree to this."
"Why not?!" Edair screamed.
Bevonal stood from behind the table.  "Tiberia has warred with the Pact of Nations many times."
"True," Zeus nodded, "but those wars ended.  There hasn't been armed conflict with Tiberia in a century.  Cease fires were agreed to.  For the Pact to break those agreements would be …"
"Unconscionable," Bia offered.
"Yes."  Zeus looked at each of their faces, hoping to gauge some sort of response.  He could not.
"That is unfortunate," Edair said. 
"Hostilities will remain," Bevonal said.
"I am … sorry to hear that," Zeus said.  "Is there anything the Pact could offer that would convince you to reconsider?"
"No.  Our terms have been made known."  The leader struck a new pose, jutting a large arm toward Zeus and Bia.  "Now we come to the purpose for our invitations to you."
"Please," she said.  "Go ahead."
A shining, golden unit from the table stood and began to speak.  "We are aware that the Olympus Institute has managed to create a system with which superluminal speeds may be achieved."
Zeus closed his eyes.  Bia didn't move but, finally, Zeus said, "You are correct."
Edair eagerly clasped its hands again and said, "We must have this technology.  We do love technology."
"I understand," Bia said.  "But …" she looked at Zeus for guidance.
"That technology is under the control and direction of the United Space Probe Agency.  A group made up of Pact members."
The leader flicked its hands and said, "We know about that.  We do not care about that."
Zeus shrugged and said, "Perhaps if Gela joined the Agency, the Pact would be able to share it."
Blue paused and took a step backward.  "That is a thought."
Bevonal stood again and said, "To join the Agency, we would have to cease hostilities with the Pact of Nations, correct?"  That idea had not occurred to Edair and, eagerly, it turned toward Zeus and Bia, awaiting their answer.
Zeus nodded.  "Yes."
The Cylon angrily stomped again and said, "We will not cease hostilities unless they fight Tiberia, too!"  It shook its head as if to clear its mind.  Then it leaned forward and said, "The Olympus Institute developed the technology.  You are able to give it to us despite the United Space Probe Agency."
Bia licked her lips and said, "We are hesitant to do so."  Zeus inhaled sharply.
"Why?!" Blue screamed.
Bia maintained her composure and genially asked, "For what purpose do you wish to have an FTL system?"
The leader made an odd noise, somewhat akin to a grunt.  "For travel.  We would be able to appear at any point on Larsa instantaneously and deploy our soldiers."
"It could serve as a weapon itself," Bevonal said.  "The energy a device of that nature employs must be great."
"Indeed," Edair said eagerly.  "We could appear in Tiber and detonate the device right there."
"It would split the city apart," another Cylon said.
Bia's eyes had gone wide.  Her mouth hung open though she did not speak.
Zeus, however, stepped forward and squared his jaw.  "Absolutely not.  We cannot give such a device to any group that would use it that way.  Many millions would die."
"This is war!" Blue screamed and stomped forward.  It leaned over, placing its face just centimeters from Zeus'.  "Tiberians will die!"
Zeus shook his head and said, "No."
Edair backed away and flexed its arms.  Another Cylon spoke from the table, saying, "We gave you our ionocraft technology."
"Yes!" the leader said.  It excitedly stepped to Bia and said, "We gave you that technology as a gesture of friendship.  It would only be fair for you to give us the technology we desire!"
Bia followed Zeus' example and raised her head.  "No."
Edair screamed again and stalked away from the Psilons.  It began to make metallic barking noises and it kicked at the rock walls of their meeting room.  Bevonal walked around to the front of the table and said, "Perhaps we should take it from you."
Zeus shook his head.  "You cannot.  And we will not surrender it to you at any cost."
Blue straightened and slowly looked at them.  "Then we will engage in hostilities with you!"
Before the echo of its voice decayed, it ran across the room and struck Bia in the face with the side of its arm.  Her limp body cracked against the rock wall and collapsed while Zeus stared in horror.  He began to look toward Edair, but the Cylon struck him, too.
In the wooden shelter that served as their transfer bay, Zeus popped open the lid on his tank.  He looked around and caught sight of Bia sitting in her pod, too, wiping gel from her face.
"They frakking killed us," he said.
She nodded.  "They did."
Zeus shook his head while a glob of goo dangled from his chin.  "They are so … petty.  Greedy.  So angry.  Angered near to insanity over the slightest thing."
Bia stood and pulled a towel from a nearby chair.  "They're even worse than they were before.  You're right.  They're so singleminded.  So selfish."
Zeus ignored her naked body and said, "Like humans."
"Well," she said, "some humans."
He thought back to his childhood home and seeing Cronus watching the news.  He listened to his father talk about humans and their wars.  "This is why we're better than them," he had said.
Bia leaned over her empty canister and bore a dour look on her face.  "Zeus."  He was shaken from his reverie and he turned toward her.  "I'm … beginning to think you might be right about Olympus and Lemuria."
He blinked a couple of times and then nodded.  "Can you do me a favor?"
"Of course."
"First thing in the morning, please see to it that their construction continues at a greater pace."
She nodded and said, "I will."
XCIII
PROMETHEUS
3 Years Before the End

"Do it," Arcas said.
Ares raised the rifle and shot him square in the forehead.  His friend's body fell back and crumpled in the corner.
"Out," Zeus said.  Prometheus and the other three Psilons ran from the tent while he gathered a few essential folders and data cubes.  
Outside, Prometheus heard the distant thrumming of gyrocraft.  "Any way to know whose it is?"
"Has to be Cylon," Ares said.  "There's no way Thoria would abide Cronus and a Tiberian force coming here."
"What about some other humans?" Poseidon asked.  "Trying to collect on those bounties like that group last month?"
Prometheus was about to interject when Zeus emerged from his tent and looked up through the signal netting.
"Any moment now," Ares said.  Four large trucks sped away from the camp and deeper into the woods.  "That's the last of the equipment.  We can blow it."
Zeus nodded and walked toward a nearby group of people.  He put his arm around Hera and said, "We are now in Code Black.  Arcas is readying the Paralus and the transfer equipment is on the way."
"The Aetos?" Dionysus asked.
"Coming," Ares said, "but we need to run.  I don't think we can wait."
Dione sighed and Ersa asked, "How far is it again?"
Ares slung the rifle over his shoulder and lifted a large satchel.  "Three kilometers."
Hermes' shoulders sagged and he exhaled forcefully to see his breath.  "I guess we don't have a choice."
"No."  Zeus started to run.
As more than twenty Olympians followed, Prometheus heard another sound.  It was distant, but it was getting louder.  He dodged a low branch and turned to Ares who was now stopped and bracing himself against a tree.  "What is that?"
"Them."
A hundred meters away, dirt, sticks and pine needles were kicked up as a cohort of nearly five hundred Cylons ran into the campground.  Prometheus gasped and Ares lifted a small device from his waist.  He pressed a button and the shelter that had been the transfer bay exploded.  Dozens of machines were thrown high into the air and into the trees.
"Go," Ares said.
Prometheus turned and ran as hard as he could.  Soon, he was nearly caught up with the rest of the Olympians and Ares was even with him.  He glanced over and saw him press two more buttons on his device.  Behind them, two more huge explosions obliterated their campsite.
He tossed the metal box and said, "Let's hope that works."
Gyrocraft roared overhead and Zeus was yelling into a radio.  "Arcas!  Can you read me?"
"Go ahead," he answered.
"Once the equipment is loaded, you have to go!  There's too many of them for you to wait for us!"
"Are you sure?"
Zeus nearly stumbled over a fallen tree but he said, "Yes.  Go!"
Prometheus kept running.  As he did, he thought about the various plans they had in place.  They could fly out if the Aetos reached them in time.  They could split up and head into the foothills of the Baetican Mountains.  They could separate even further and try to blend in with the population of Kvenlan.  They could rent or steal a boat from there, too, and proceed to the rendezvous.
Dear God, he prayed, please allow us to get to the coast.  Help us make it through today.  
Again, Prometheus heard the metallic workings of Cylon warriors.  He glanced behind himself but didn't see anything.  
"Left," Zeus said.
The group moved through the trees after him and they emerged in a small open area on a hill.  The Aetos was there and the door was open.
"Go!" Zeus yelled.
Ares and Epimetheus stayed at the edge of the clearing and readied their rifles.  Prometheus stayed near his brother and watched as Psilons poured into the shuttle.  Two gyrocraft descended into view and the wash from their rotors blew debris into all their faces.
"Surrender to us, Zeus," a Cylon voice said.  "You and your people will live."
Prometheus looked at Zeus and saw the white-haired leader staring defiantly into the air despite the wind.  He pushed the backs of his people as they climbed inside the Aetos.
"Incoming!" Ares yelled.
Prometheus turned and saw several Cylons at nearby trees.  They fired their weapons and the bullets tore splinters from the trunks.  Ares was sprayed with wood, but he raised his heavy weapon and fired one shot.  An explosive round hit one of the soldiers and its torso erupted.
Epimetheus began to fire his thirty-three caliber rifle.  As the large rounds pinged and pierced the soldiers, he said, "Go!"
Prometheus started to run to the Aetos, but the gyrocraft above began to fire.  Its high-powered cannon rent the ground between him and the shuttle.  The Psilons who hadn't gotten on board began to scatter and as they did, Eryx's back exploded in a red mist.  His body fell into the brush.
"No!" Zeus screamed.  He ran after him and two others tried to pull his body into the trees.  The gyrocrafts' bullets again erupted and Zeus leapt into the forest.  Prometheus was pinned down by a stump and he overheard Zeus on his radio.  "Take off!"
The door to the Aetos closed and its engines burned.  The gyrocraft began to fire on it, but the rounds seemed to harmlessly bounce off.  In an instant, the golden ship hovered and then blasted away.  Its wings clipped the tops of several trees and its thrusters scorched and set alight the branches of evergreens behind it.  The gyrocraft swirled about in its wake and tried to right themselves.
"Frak," Ares said.  Prometheus turned toward him and saw that he and Epimetheus were backing away.  Ares lowered his telescanner and said, "It's Typhon!"
Prometheus' eyes widened and his breathing ceased.  He turned to the woods and saw nothing but pufts of dust and shards of bark from the Cylons' weapons fire.
Ares and Epimetheus began to run.  Prometheus scrambled to his feet and began to run, as well.  Zeus, Dionysus, Metis, Caerus, and Polemos were already tearing through the trees.  Soon, they came to a single makeshift lane between the evergreens and turned to the north.  
"Faster!" Ares yelled.  Prometheus glanced back at him and saw that he was reaching into his satchel, pulling bricks of plastic explosives out and tapping the controls on them.  
Please, Lord, help me run.  
The cold air ached his lungs.  His sides burned.  Snot ran from his nose and around his mouth.  Still, Prometheus ran.
A few moments later, the first of Ares' explosives detonated.  Despite the boom, they heard the creaking of several trees as they fell across and behind them on their path.  The gunfire ceased and a second device exploded.  Prometheus looked at Ares again and saw him throw a third brick as hard as he could to the right.  Ares then waved left.  He and Epimetheus began to veer in that direction as Ares ran forward to get the others to follow.
A minute later, the third exploded far behind them.  I hope they go that way.
"How much farther?" Dionysus asked.  He was barely audible between gasps for air.
Almost as breathlessly, Zeus answered, "Not far."
Gyrocraft thrummed behind them but didn't seem to be getting closer.  Soon, the trees began to thin and the ground filled with bushes and thick grass.  The Psilons had to raise their legs higher to run and their speed diminished.
"Ocean!" Metis yelled.  A moment later, the others ran out of the last group of trees and saw the waves crashing into rocks along a hill to their left.  On their right, it was the outskirts of Kvenlan with a few docks jutting into the water.  The beach near the rocks was bare with no visitors at this time of the year.
They began to walk toward the rocks and Zeus spoke into his communicator between deep gasps for air.  Ares lifted his rifle and looked into the sky as Epimetheus looked toward the city.  
Prometheus' side felt as though someone had driven a dagger deep inside his ribcage.  He held the outside of his coat and kept walking, thinking that would somehow help.  He was several meters away from the group when he turned around and saw a small group of Cylons emerge from the trees and into the rocks above.  Standing next to them was a tall man he recognized as Typhon.
He turned and began to run when he heard the sound of something coming down the slope after him.  It was like a Cylon, except this one was taller, had six arms and was colored blue.
Ares yelled, "Cylons!"
Prometheus dove into the dark sand and Epimetheus ran to his side.  As the younger brother started to get up, Epimetheus fired his weapon at the blue machine, but his large projectiles did not damage that beast.
Ares fired explosive rounds at the regular Cylons which were now descending.  Three of them were destroyed and fell onto the rocks.  He tried firing at Typhon, but a white version of these super Cylons emerged and the explosive round only made it stumble back half a step.
Prometheus scrambled toward Zeus and Metis while Polemos fired his handgun uselessly at the blue machine.  Then, sand was kicked into the air and the Aetos quickly and roughly skidded onto the beach.  
Zeus and Metis were the first in the door.  Prometheus stood next to it and yelled, "Come on!"
Polemos tossed his spent weapon and dove inside.  Both Ares and Epimetheus were backing away from the approaching blue super Cylon, firing their weapons.  Bullets continued to bounce off its chest and Ares' rounds exploded along its armor, forcing it to step sideways once or twice.  When Ares' rifle was empty, he ran for the shuttle.  Epimetheus continued to fire.
"Come on!" Prometheus yelled again.
Epimetheus started to run backward.  The large blue Cylon swept three of its limbs high into the air and brought them down on the Psilon.  Two claws caught his side and lifted him up.  The other three limbs raised next, and blades emerged from each one.  While it ran toward the Aetos, it brought its appendages together, slicing the helpless man in three.
Prometheus tried to yell and scramble from the ship, but Ares pulled him back.
"Take off!" Polemos yelled.
The golden ship tore away from the beach and air rushed around Prometheus' face.  On the beach, the Cylons began to fire at them and Typhon stood atop the rocks, staring into the sky.  The door slid shut and Ares propped Prometheus against the wall.
He sat still with his eyes wide open, shivering.  Zeus knelt beside him and held him.  "I am so sorry."
He opened his mouth and tried to speak but couldn't.  Zeus' wristband illuminated and Prometheus looked toward it.  He saw the name "Themis" displayed.  Finally, he blinked and Zeus walked away.
Athena and Metis came to him next with blankets and tried to warm him up.  He slumped against Metis' arm and stared at the floor of the shuttle while Zeus talked nearby.
"Thank you for the information, but it's too late, I'm afraid.  No, not everyone.  Two of us.  Right."  He walked toward the command stations and Polemos knelt beside him next.
He put his hand on Prometheus' leg and asked, "Is there anything I can get you?"
He blinked.  Slowly, he sat up and blankly looked around.  When he spoke, his voice cracked, but he powered through it.  "There's a chance he made it, right?"  Ares shook his head.  "I know we're in Code Black," Prometheus said, "but Typhon was there."
Dionysus blinked and said, "Well, that's an idea."
Prometheus looked hopefully toward Leto and Ersa.  He couldn't read their faces.  He looked over at Athena and saw her pained expression.  Her eyes were moist and he could tell that she was staying quiet for his sake.  He shook his head and swallowed past the clenching of his throat.  "Tell me the truth."
When Athena opened her mouth, a tear left her eye and fell to Prometheus' blanket.  "After Zeus rescued the others from Cronus, we rewrote the transfer routines.  They don't work the same way anymore."
"Typhon can't capture our signals," Metis added.
Stunned, Prometheus fell back against the shuttle's wall.  He grew dizzy and felt himself heaving.  He thought he was going to vomit, but he only coughed and gagged on his tears.  He lay on the floor for a long time, covered in blankets.  Someone held him and rubbed him.  It was nearly an hour before he looked over and saw that it was Athena.
God, he prayed, why?!  He grit his teeth and balled his fists.  Why did you spare us all except for my brother?  He screamed the thought in his head over and over again and then felt guilty.  And Eryx.  He opened his eyes and looked across the cabin.  He could see only the bases of chairs and people's feet.  Pride.  Was I prideful?  
He had felt euphoric in the days after the visit from Themis.  That she looked like his mother was almost immaterial.  Prometheus couldn't help but feel that her arrival and her advice were divine answers to his prayers.
He became a believer again.  He prayed daily.  But that was all I did.  That wasn't enough, was it?  I am surrounded by people who need guidance.  They would crave guidance.  I should have been doing more.  Prometheus closed his eyes and began to weep again.
He heard someone walking down the aisle.  Then he heard Leto ask, "Who was that?"
Zeus spoke, "Themis.  She just found out about the attack being planned.  She didn't know it already happened.  Apparently, Cronus tipped off the Cylons and he sent Typhon to help them."
Metis asked, "Are the Titans and the Cylons working together?"
"She doesn't know for certain.  But … she gave me some information that could end our conflict."  There were some gasps and Zeus said, "My father once told me that we're better than humans because we don't fight."  He sighed and continued, "Well, there comes a time when we have to."  He picked up a computer panel and began to press lights.  "I have some work to do."
XCIV
CAESAR
3 Years Before the End

Before the vehicle came to a complete stop, Maxentius leapt from it and strode into the command tent.  The officers and generals inside were stunned to see him and they jumped to their feet.
"Magister!" one said.  "We just received word of your arrival."
He nodded.  Maxentius was in his late twenties and he barely filled out the jungle fatigues he was issued.  But he kept a sour look on his face and a rigid back.  That and a loud voice usually helped.
"Where is my brother?"
A centurion saluted and darted from the tent.  Maxentius clasped his hands behind his back and stood still.  His eyes remained fixed on the map of Strand at the center of the room.  The other officials fidgeted and looked at each other, hoping someone would be brave enough to speak.  None were.
"Dominus," someone said behind him.  Maxentius turned and saw the centurion.  "Faustus Valerius."
The soldier was holding his brother up.  Faustus' eyes seemed to be coated in a translucent film.  Dark circles hung low beneath them.  His skin was pale and covered in sweat.  His hair was mussed and his shirt sleeves were dotted with blood in the crooks of the elbows, no doubt above injection sites.
Maxentius' shoulders fell and his stomach tightened.  He turned toward the officers and said, "Give us the room."  The centurion saluted and began to leave when Maxentius pointed at him, "You.  Stand just outside."
"Of course, lord."
While generals, legates, tribunes, and more filtered out, Faustus struggled to stand erect.  He blinked slowly and, somehow, he blinked one eye at a time.  Maxentius simply stared.
"What have you done?"
Faustus took in a deep breath and then said nothing.
Maxentius rubbed his forehead and said, "Three thousand men.  Three thousand, Faus!"  His older brother didn't flinch.  "Almost a whole legion!"  He waited for some sort of reaction and got none.  "A battleship and a dozen smaller vessels!  Two entire wings!"  Still nothing.  "What have you been doing here?  Shooting shit into your veins?"
Almost instinctively, Faustus glanced down at his arms and then looked back up.
Maxentius took a step forward and looked up into his brother's eyes.  "Father entrusted this campaign to you.  This was supposed to be your defining moment!  This was to be the thing that solidified your position as heir!"  Long silence.
Finally, Faustus shrugged and muttered, "I don't want to be here, Max."
He nodded and bit the inside of his cheek.  "Well, congratulations.  Your wish has come true."  He looked toward the flap and barked, "Centurion!"
The soldier immediately stepped inside and saluted.  "Lord."
"I need you to witness this."  Maxentius straightened up and looked harshly at his brother.  "Faustus Valerius, on behalf of Caesar Galerius the Fourth, you have been stripped of your title as Magister.  The eagles and standards will be taken from your possession.  The imperator has named myself, Maxentius Valerius, as Magister in your stead for the invasion of Strand."  He relaxed a little and turned to the soldier.  "Take him.  Gather his things and get him to the airfield.  A transport is waiting."
"Yes, lord."
"Then gather my kit and put it in his tent."
"Yes, lord."  The centurion took Faustus by the elbow and began to leave the room.
Maxentius saw his older brother stumble and his heart sank.  Suddenly, he leapt forward and pulled at a sweaty shirt sleeve.  "Faus," he said, "please, get help."
The former magister smiled and blinked slowly.  "You've already helped me."  He staggered outside and while the younger brother stared at the ground, Faustus yelled back, "Thank you, Max."
Maxentius slowly moved toward the planning table at the center of the tent.  He stared at the map and the various pieces, representing military units, scattered about.  It reminded him of a tedious board game he used to play with Faustus.  I always won, he thought.
"Generals!" he yelled.  Moments later, seven men and women walked back inside and saluted.  A few tribunes and legates re-entered, too.  "As you may know, I have been named Magister by the Caesar and have assumed command over this effort."
"Yes, lord."
"Congratulations, magister."
"Enough."  Maxentius hovered over the map and said, "That is the final Attican line?"
"It is."
"How long have they been entrenched there?"
The generals looked to a battle-hardened legate.  His gravely voice struggled to be heard, "Nearly two months."
"And that's fully within the dense jungle?"  The legate nodded.  Maxentius then hit the table and said, "Right.  The Pact of Nations' customary endless deliberations continue but we have very little time before they decide to act.  General-of-the-Air?"  A severe-faced woman saluted and the magister said, "See to it that our planes are outfitted with firegel.  How long will that take?"
"We have some in the fleet offshore.  One day, lord."
"Good.  Tomorrow at dawn, we will bomb the entire Attican line with firegel.  Then, we move in with our legions and flush out whatever remains."
The general-of-the-air looked at her comrades and then back at Maxentius.  "It will take some time to outfit the bombers …"
"Tomorrow," he said forcefully, "at dawn."
She saluted.
The next day, he was giddy.  Maxentius stood in the command tent and watched footage from their bombers as huge swaths of the jungle burned.  The smell drifted as far away as their camp.  It was an intoxicating aroma.  
"That's the last of the sorties," a general said.
Maxentius nodded and looked at the high legate, "Begin the march."  He saluted and left.
While they waited, Maxentius' surreptitiously studied the faces of the other officers in the tent.  They seemed ... disappointed.  Concerned.  Yes, the magister knew that firegel was considered cruel and brutal, but such things must be done to secure victory in such times.
"We've got him," a tribune said as he stormed into the tent.  Seven hours ago, the march of the Tiberian legions began and they easily pushed their way into the scorched jungle.  Thousands of bodies were found melted together in Attican ditches and bunkers.  There was no real fight to be had.
Maxentius stood and said, "General Caraxas?"  The tribune nodded and the young magister slapped his hands together.  "Fantastic.  Bring him here."
An hour later, the tribune returned with a centurion and the Attican general, bound and bleeding.  He collapsed to his knees and Maxentius then saw the burns on his skin and the singed hair on his head.  
"Have you been tended to?" Maxentius asked.
Caraxas lifted his head to speak, but as he inhaled, he began to cough and his throat quivered.  He only shook his head.
"Get a medic in here.  And water."
As he looked down at the middle-aged man, this revered commander of Attica's forces, Maxentius felt his chest tighten.  At first he thought it was the smell of spent firegel on his clothes, or maybe the faint aroma of charred skin that clung to the general.  Then the magister realized what it was.  This is defeat, he thought.  I must never allow myself to appear like this.
A legate entered the tent and saluted.  "Magister, we've rounded up the last of the surviving enemy.  Strand is ours."
Maxentius inhaled deeply and smiled.  He looked down at Caraxas and then bent low.  "General," he said, "do you surrender?"
Slowly, the man lifted his darkened face and only glared at his captor.  Maxentius waited but no real response came.
He stood again and gripped the handle of his sword.  "Oh," he said, "does anyone have a tab?"  A tribune stepped forward and took his communications device from a holster.  "I want to send father a picture."
Maxentius removed his sword from its scabbard and held the flat edge of the blade below General Caraxas' chin.  The magister turned toward the tribune and smiled at his device as he clicked a button.
Two hundred years later, Caesar Maxentius IX sat atop Palatine Hill in the open ruins of Tiber's most ancient structure, the home of the first emperor.
"My lord," an attendant said, "they are here."
Caesar nodded.  He stood from his modern chair and looked toward the beautiful blue sky.  From the top of this hill, much of Tiber could be seen.  There was a lot of green, speckled with the colors of flowering plants.  Shining, modern buildings towered along the river.  The gray of the three thousand year old marble seemed to make everything else so vibrant.
"Lord Imperator, Princeps Senatus, Caesar Maxentius the Ninth," the attendant said.  Two people approached from the old entrance and the attendant continued, "Attica's Prime Minister Dyseo Rodimus and Ambassador Ana Kotoros."  They bowed low and Maxentius returned the courtesy.
"Please, sit," the emperor said.
The prime minister smiled and looked in awe at the remaining structure of the palace.  "What a lovely setting.  Why did you choose to meet here, if I may ask?"
Caesar shrugged as he waved over someone to offer his guests water.  "I grew tired of my own palace.  I feel as though I've spent years there.  Caged."  The man and woman sipped the water and then looked at the emperor, waiting.  "I have called you here for a very simple yet difficult purpose."
The prime minister nodded.  "I see."
Caesar watched a large bird fly under a series of ancient arches before he spoke again.  "The Cylons are proving hardier foes than anyone could have guessed.  Not only are they keeping my forces back, but they are continually invading and attacking Pact nations, too."  The ambassador nodded this time.  "I have secretly asked you here so that I may formally request an alliance with Attica and the Pact of Nations, in hopes that, together, we may defeat the Cylons."
The duo exchanged a quick glance before the prime minister looked back at Caesar and said, "I understand."
Before he could say anything else, the emperor raised his hand and continued, "In an effort to show how seriously I take the Cylon threat, … I offer the use of the island of Strand.  After the Cylons' defeat, Attica may keep it."  It pained Maxentius to say it, but he knew it was necessary.
XCV
MNEMOSYNE
2 Years Before the End

"We had been awake for years.  We lived normally and they performed routine checkups on us.  We were happy to tell them whatever they wanted, but it wasn't enough.  They cut us open and did everything to us that you could think of.  They sterilized us.  They performed something close to vivisections, multiple times.  Then they started testing our download signals."  Mnemosyne's eyes grew blurry with tears and she shook her head, hoping to will it away.
"They started off pretty clinical.  Quick gunshots.  Euthanasia.  Then they got cruel.  Decapitations, blood loss.  Stabbings."  She cleared her throat.  "They took me to the roof and threw me off once.  I didn't die.  I was a broken mess, but one of the doctors … Biv, came to me.  He covered my mouth and said, 'Shh, shh.  Go to sleep now.'"
Mnemosyne covered her face and turned toward the window.  The bright sunlight streamed in through the sheer drapes.  She widened her mouth and wiped her eyes as she sat up in bed.  "When Cronus said he had a plan, I would have done anything to get out of there.  And the Caesar, he seemed to genuinely care.  He seemed to like us and he wanted our help.  But he asked for it.  He didn't take."
"I was happy to work and study and research for a while, but I decided I wanted more.  The Caesar offered Naban to me after it was annexed but I didn't want that.  He offered me Eshnu, too.  A beautiful, quiet place.  I live there sometimes … but he gave it to Themis.  She governs it and Nandia fairly."  She clicked her tongue and said, "I had no interest in being a praetor or ruling people or anything."  Her shoulders rose and fell with her inhale and exhale.  "I painted.  I read.  I lived a pretty good life away from Cronus and the others."
"I visited, every now and then," she tilted her head.  "I missed some of them."  Mnemosyne looked down at her arms and she fiddled with a fold in the sheet.  "Some of them."  She shook her head.  "Being at BBM really frakked us up, you know?  Coeus was never the same, of course.  Cronus, you know.  Iapetus, Hyperion, Tethys, Theia … they can be just as cruel."
She lay against the headboard and looked down at the other side of the bed.  "I've lived a longer life than any human.  I'm happy with most of it."  Mnemosyne smiled a little.  "I don't need to be immortal.  If I don't wake up in a new body when this one wears out, that's fine."  She sighed and continued, "I know what they've done.  I know what they want from this war.  It's not good.  Not good for anyone."  She licked her lips and then slid down toward the other pillow.  "They need to be stopped.  I've known that."
Zeus smirked and said, "So I didn't need to work so hard?"
Mnemosyne put her hand on his bare chest.  "I'm glad you did.  If you had just asked, I would have helped."  She smiled, "But this is more fun."
XCVI
TITANS
2 Years Before the End

"I don't understand why I'm here," Crius said.  He moved through the dimly lit corridor behind the huge man.
Typhon turned and said, "I asked for someone and you're who Cronus gave me."  He shook his head and spoke loudly so his voice could echo in the sparse space.  "If we find them, I will need you.  And that."  He pointed over his shoulder.
As they walked, Crius looked to his left and studied the burly frame of the metallic blue super Cylon that accompanied Typhon.  It was exceedingly tall with an almost-cylindrical torso.  Six arms were folded up along its circumference and its stocky legs caused it to lurch forward in an ungainly fashion.  Crius knew better than to underestimate it.  He had seen two of them in battle before.  The destruction was incredible.
Typhon approached the main hatch and then stepped aside.  Crius stopped and looked at the giant.  "What?"
Typhon rolled his eyes.  "Only Titans can access the download chamber."
"Oh," Crius said.  "I thought you had access."
"I do not."  Typhon watched Crius put his hand on the black circle.  "An Olympian was spotted in Tiber and Cronus wants me to hunt them down, but he won't give me access to the resources I need."
"Hmph," Crius said.  "That's Cronus for you."  The panel flashed and the large doors slid open.
The hexagonal white room was expansive and twelve large canisters sat in the center, fanning out from a post which was illuminated with multicolored status lights.  The brightness of the white gave the room a near-clinical feel and both Typhon and Crius stepped lightly inside.  The super Cylon stayed in the corridor.
"Why do we think the Olympian would come here?" Crius asked.
"I'm not certain.  But that's the intel Cronus received."
The Titan shook his head.  "There's no telling if it's good or not."
"Oh, the intel is good," Ares said.  
He stepped out from a wall control panel while aiming his rifle at the pair.  Typhon smiled and was about to call his machine inside when he saw Arcas appear from behind another panel on the other side of the room.
"Greetings," Arcas said.
Typhon nodded.  "Very good.  A trap."  Typhon looked into the hallway and waved.  The super Cylon entered and saw the weapons.  Immediately, its six arms deployed.  On each side, there was one arm with an automatic weapon, one with a blade and another with a brutal metallic claw.  Typhon tilted his head and said, "I need only give the word."
Ares smiled and said, "Me too."  He looked toward the machine and said, "Briareus."
The super Cylon lowered its arms and snapped to attention.
Typhon's shoulders sagged and Crius' mouth fell open.  He looked from the robot to Typhon and back again.  "What just happened?"
Arcas smirked and said, "We took over your pet."
Ares moved toward the machine and said, "Kill Typhon."
The giant barely had time to widen his eyes.  Two of the super Cylon's arms raised and fired into the man.  Blood sprayed across the white room and splattered the glass of the canisters in the center.
Streaks of red ran down Crius' face and he stumbled backward.  He backed himself against a control panel and he stared at Ares fearfully.  "What are you going to do?"
"Wait a moment," Ares said.
Arcas stepped up and asked, "Does that thing have a flamethrower?"
Ares nodded and said, "Burn Typhon's body."
The blue machine retracted one of its blades and produced a nozzle.  It aimed at the floor and blasted fire onto the bleeding corpse.  His clothes distentegrated immediately and his skin blistered.  Sizzling managed to be audible above the roar of the flames and the once-huge frame of a man contracted in a horrific fashion.
The super Cylon finished and replaced its nozzle.  Arcas stepped as close to the still-burning body as he dared and fired three bullets into its head.
"Why the frak did you do that?" Crius yelled.
"I don't want him capturing our transfer signals," Arcas said.
Ares shrugged.  "We don't think he can anymore, but we have to be sure."
Arcas removed a device from his waist and nodded.  "Yeah, we're good."
Ares pointed a muscular arm toward Crius.  "Don't move."
The Titan's graying body was thin and wiry compared to the son of Zeus.  He looked toward the casks containing the backup copies of his comrades.  He saw a Rhea, Oceanus, Themis, and Phoebe from where he stood.  When he awakened here before, he usually emerged on the other side of the room.  Crius looked over there, but he couldn't see into those pods.
Ares unzipped a large bag and the two Psilons began to remove gray bricks from it.  They quickly criss-crossed the room, placing the devices in each of the six corners, at each control panel and then in the center around the Titans' spare bodies.  As Arcas ran to the hatch and closed it, Ares pulled a small box from the bag and flipped a switch.  A single green light illuminated.
Crius swallowed hard.  He knew what was happening.  He had to hope that they didn't know about their secondary facility in Cales.  When they blow up this room, I'll just awaken there, he thought.
Ares looked down at his wristband.  "Two minutes."
Arcas sighed and stared at Crius.  "I used to know you.  Versions of you, of course."  Crius didn't respond.  "They were pretty much the same.  Nice.  Very nice and smart."  Arcas chuckled and continued, "Dark sense of humor though.  I loved being around him because I never knew what he was going to say."
Crius shuffled his feet and looked around the room.  They were both holding rifles.  Ares' bag was on the floor near the hatch.  There was nothing around to fight with.  The Cylon.  He looked at the blue machine and said, "Briareus!"
It didn't respond.
Ares grinned and said, "We knew more than just its activation code.  They've been reprogrammed, too."  He looked at his wristband and said, "One minute."
Crius' seemed to crumple against the controls.  He slumped and looked at the scorched floor and the pools of Typhon's blood.
"You were praetor of Arkaim for a time, right?" Arcas asked.
Absentmindedly, Crius nodded.
"During the Great Desert March?"
Crius blinked and slowly raised his head.  "You wouldn't understand.  You weren't there."
"Oh," Arcas said.  "So being there, I'd understand why you forced a hundred thousand civilians to walk three hundred kilometers in the searing heat?"
"Enough," Ares said.  He looked at Crius and took a few steps toward him.  With a thick finger beneath his chin, the Olympian raised the Titan's face toward his.  "If you have any sort of faith, now is the time.  You will not be resurrecting again."
Crius brow furrowed and he said, "But …"
"Cales," Arcas interrupted.  "We're already there."
The Titan inhaled sharply and pure, unadulterated fear rippled through him.  He felt light headed.  Adrenaline poured into his body and he tensed.  He was ready to run … but where?
Ares straightened and glanced at Arcas.  They nodded at each other and then the larger Psilon looked down at Crius.  "The time of the Titans has ended."
Then he pressed the button.

Cronus smiled and surveyed the room.  He was happy to have all of the Titans together again here in their home away from home in Cales.  Well, except for Crius, who was hunting down Ares in Tiber.  It made him long for the old days when they huddled together in the basement looking at computer screens, trying to solve this problem or that so they could download again.  
"I don't mind working for the Caesar, I don't," Iapetus said.  "It keeps me busy."
Tethys sipped her wine and said, "There are other ways to keep busy.
Phoebe nudged Mnemosyne's crossed leg.  "You're painfully quiet."
She grinned and said, "My life just sounds so boring compared to everyone else's.  You're praetors and advisers.  I just read and play music all day."
Coeus slowly turned his face but his eyes never focused on them.  His lips parted slowly and he said, very softly, "That sounds nice."
Mnemosyne stared at his vacant expression before Coeus turned away again.  Then she felt a pang of guilt.
Cronus saw.  He watched Coeus' eyes glaze over as he reentered his own world.  Cronus looked down at his drink and remembered a conversation with the Caesar decades ago.  Coeus was being brutal … too brutal even for Cronus' purposes.  It didn't take much cajoling for the emperor to take away the disturbed Titan's praetorship.
"What's the matter?" Campe asked as she stroked Cronus' face.
He smiled again and said, "Nothing, love.  I'm just thinking."  She kissed his cheek and then placed her face on his shoulder.
The door slid open and two of Cronus' super Cylons walked in.  Their weapon limbs were deployed.
Cronus looked at them with raised eyebrows and stood.  The other Titans stopped what they were doing, too.  "What's going on?"
Zeus, wearing a fine dark gray suit, stepped between the two units.
Cronus inhaled sharply.  "What are you doing here?"
Campe leapt off the couch and smiled.  "Want me to get him?"
Zeus glanced to the white-colored robot on his left.  "Gyes?"  Then the green-colored one on this right.  "Cottus?" 
Cronus took a step backward.  "How the frak …"
Zeus pointed at Campe.  "Kill her."
Before the machine could maneuver, she ran across the room and jumped atop the green Cylon.  She was prying its head aside when the white one sliced her with two of its knife arms.  A third blade from Cottus drove up and through her torso.  With a wet thud, she was tossed aside.
Cronus balled his fists and took a step toward the door.  He ground his teeth and felt dizzy with rage.
"Zeus," Iapetus said, "I'm placing you under arrest."
The Psilon raised a single eyebrow.  "I find that unlikely."  He looked around the room and took another step inside.  The door closed behind him.
"I have my giants," Cronus said.  "They'll be coming for you."
"No, they won't."  Zeus pointed at Campe and said, "Hers is not the first blood they've spilled today."
Hyperion was furious.  He stood up and pushed his chair away.  "Frakking enough!"  He turned toward Cronus and then the others.  "We can take him!"
Theia stood and cracked her knuckles.  "We can."
Mnemosyne looked worriedly toward Zeus and then she glanced at Themis.  She had her hands folded in front of her face and she was watching the proceedings through her spectacles.  Rhea leaned back in her chair and breathed rapidly through her nose.
Zeus held up a finger and looked at his wristband.  "Pause that, please."
The Titans were confused and looked at each other.  Zeus smiled and then clasped his hands behind his back.  Hyperion grunted and began to stalk toward the intruder when something shook the room.  A loud boom seemed to emanate from everywhere, followed by muffled alarms.
Cronus looked around and his mind raced.  Then his heart sank.  "What have you done?"
"I've made you mortal."
Hyperion paused and looked at Iapetus.  "What does he mean?"
The war consul's head hung low and he said, "That was our resurrection bay."
Several Titans gasped and Tethys stood.  "How dare you!"
"How dare you!" Zeus erupted.  "You have hunted my people for a century!"  Whatever composure the Psilon had was now gone.  "You killed our parents!  You killed our brothers and sisters … when we were children!  That was not sufficient for you," he turned to Cronus.  "We have been on the run ever since.  You killed more of us, you abducted us, and you have the temerity to ask why?"
Hyperion twitched and Oceanus put his hand on his shoulder.  "We understand, Zeus.  But you need to understand, too.  You have been making our lives difficult for years."
"Yes.  'Difficult.'  We made it harder for you to keep your populations in line."
Tethys leaned across a table, frowning, and pleaded, "Zeus, you weren't there at BBM in the beginning.  It was horrible.  We had to …"
Zeus waved his hand.  "I know.  I've heard all about it from him, here, in this room."  He pointed at Cronus.  "You had me feeling almost sorry for you.  Then you all put bounties on our heads, making us dodge greedy human hunting parties.  You sent the Cylons after us.  You gave them information about us in exchange for these things," he motioned toward the super Cylons, "right?"  Zeus shook his head.  "No, fickle Tethys.  You can't sway me with your wide eyes."
She grimaced and then pounded the tabletop.  "You're a frakking bastard!  Cruel!"
"There she is."  Zeus mockingly applauded.  "Please, 'Butcher of Ghattaffan,' tell me about cruelty."
"Enough!"  Cronus' bark reverberated in the stone-walled chamber and he took a step toward Zeus.  "You have no sway over us."
"That's right," Theia said.
Zeus smiled.  "Really?"  He tapped his wristband and said, "Ares."  It beeped.  A moment later, his son's voice came from the device.
"Yes?"
Without taking his eyes off the Titans, Zeus asked, "Status?"
"I'm home.  It's done."
"Good work."  He tapped the band again and put his arms behind him.
Phoebe exhaled loudly and mumbled.  "I knew it."
"Oh no."  Oceanus moved away from the others and pressed himself against the wall.  "Oh no!"
Cronus' eyes were becoming fuzzy and he staggered back.  Softly, he asked, "How?"
"You never had children," Zeus began, "so I wouldn't expect you to understand, but most parents are pleased when their offspring excel where they did not."
Hyperion began to shake his head.  He pounded his fists against his sides and then yelled, "No!"  He ran across the room.
Zeus simply said, "Kill him."  The two super Cylons complied.
When Hyperion's bloody body was thrown against the wall, there was much wailing from the Titans.  Phoebe fell to her knees, crying.  Oceanus pounded on the walls as though that would get him out.  Theia held her face in her hands and Tethys began pacing rapidly in a small area behind her chair.  Coeus simply stared ahead, blankly.
Iapetus nodded and walked around the corner of a table.  "Very good.  You have outwitted us at every turn and this is … the final blow.  Congratulations."
Zeus bowed his head slightly.  "Thank you."
"You have crippled us, utterly."  He motioned toward Hyperion's corpse and said, "You have killed one of us, permanently."
"Two.  Crius was in Tiber," Zeus interrupted.
"I ask that you do something that we have not excelled at, as you might put it.  Mercy."  Zeus grinned.  Iapetus spread his arms wide.  "We are certainly at yours."
"You are, but do you think I should trust the words of 'Caesar's Worm?'"  Iapetus bit the inside of his cheek.  "Perhaps I should ask the people of Ordoga and Tyria what they think."
"That was long ago," he answered.
"And we're still here," Zeus said.  "You know, when I talked to the Caesar a few years ago, he said he wouldn't be terribly upset if we won against you."  Some of the Titans exchanged glances.  "Oh, he appreciated all that you did for him, personally, and Tiberia, but he was sick of dealing with everything else about you."
"Zeus," Iapetus began.
He interrupted by clapping his hands.  "Everyone against the wall."  None of the Titans complied.  "Now!"  A few began to stumble toward the polished stone.  Oceanus was already there.  He turned, bracing his back against it and sobbing loudly.  Zeus looked toward Themis and Mnemosyne who were standing still.  "Move!"
They exchanged a look and then Mnemosyne felt sick to her stomach.  She found that putting one foot in front of the other was nearly impossible.  Rhea came to her side and guided her to a spot along the wall in a corner.  Once she was there, Mnemosyne leaned into it and stared at the ceiling while tears fell over her cheeks.
"Please!"
"Don't do this!"
"Zeus!"
"Frak you, Zeus," Thethys said.  "Straight to Tartarus."
Zeus nodded and then puffed out his chest.  "For crimes against humanity, for excessive cruelty, …"
"No!"
"For the murders of our parents, our siblings, our friends, …"
"Stop!
"For the deaths of over twenty-six million people put in your care," Zeus paused and took in a slow, deep breath, "I sentence you to die."
Two of the Titans fell to their knees, screaming.  Oceanus slammed his head against the wall, wailing.  Iapetus was rigid, facing outward like a good soldier.  Coeus nodded once and then smiled.  Cronus stood still and glared at Zeus, but the Psilon didn't see him.
He turned to the super Cylons and said, "Cottus, Gyes.  As we discussed.  Open fire."
Each unit raised four limbs with automatic weapons embedded therein.  Almost instantaneously, they took aim, fired, and then found the next target.  It happened so quickly that six Titans fell by sixty-four bullets in what sounded like a single burst.
Cronus opened his eyes and saw that the machines were standing down.  He exhaled loudly and gasped for air.  Sweat fell from his hairline and he slowly, apprehensively, looked to his right at his fallen comrades.  They were primarily in a bleeding lump.  There was no movement save for the slight ripples in a puddle of blood caused by the diminishing spurts of Theia's neck wound.  After staring for several seconds, Cronus looked up and realized that Themis, Rhea, and Mnemosyne were still standing.
"What …"  He furrowed his brow in confusion and glanced among the three of them before turning toward Zeus, who was now slowly walking toward him.
"Oh, they helped me."  Tremors wracked Cronus' head and his eyes widened.  "You didn't know?"
He looked at the trio again and said, "No."
Zeus reached into his coat and removed a handgun.  "For one last time," he aimed it squarely at Cronus' forehead, "you disappoint me."  With as much disgust as he could muster, Zeus added, "'Father.'"  Then he pulled the trigger.
Mnemosyne gasped and slumped down the wall.  Themis took her arm and tried to stand her up.  "Please," she mumbled.
"What?" Themis asked.
"No, no, no."  Zeus ran to her side and put his arms around her.  "It was part of the act.  I'm so sorry.  I thought you knew."
She slowly rose and looked at Rhea and then Themis.  "I didn't."  She sniffled and wiped her eyes.  She almost looked down at the carnage but she turned away.  
Zeus looked at the super Cylons and said, "Phase three.  Go."  The door opened and both the white and green units ran into the corridor.  After the door closed again, the muffled sounds of machine gun fire were easily heard.
Zeus and the three remaining Titans waited a moment and then moved into the empty hallway.  Gunshots echoed from far away and they walked toward the nearby lift.  They rode up and up for some time before emerging at the airfield.  There, the green super Cylon was rampaging, destroying planes and shooting any soldier that came within view.  
Zeus and the Titans stepped out of the lift and walked toward the cliffs.  He moved near the edge and looked down at the sharp rocks as waves crashed into them.  Slowly, he reached into his pocket and removed a metal box.  He flipped a switch and then pressed a button.
They saw the cliffs far below them explode at the water line.  As they heard the blast, the ground shook, too.  The Etruian Ocean began to pour inside the Titans' base.
Zeus tossed the device off the cliff and he turned to Themis.  He bowed slightly and said, "Thank you.  For everything."
She smiled and said, "No, thank you."
He leaned forward and hugged Mnemosyne tightly.  She smiled and said, "So what's next?"
Zeus shrugged and pointed toward the sea.  "Go live your life.  However you want."  He then looked at Rhea.  He seemed to have been avoiding eye contact and his throat appeared to clench.  Finally, he spoke just loud enough to be heard over the ocean, "Thank you."
Rhea, the Titan version of his mother, nodded once and said, "You're welcome."
XCVII
THE MESSENGERS
2 Years Before the End

Thon Ahljaela walked away from the table and yelled toward the wall, "What do you mean they won't come?"
Darro shrugged his shoulders and said, "They just won't.  I've asked many times now."
"But why?" another resistance member asked.
Thon nodded.  "They've helped so much over the years.  Why won't they come?"
Darro leaned forward and said, "I talked to Zeus himself.  He told me … he said they believe the Cylons are the real threat right now." 
Thon kicked the leg of a chair and the Messenger whispered into his ear.  "Calm."
"Since the Pact and Tiberia are allied against the Cylons," Darro continued, "he's afraid that maintaining the fight against Caesar would damage the effort against the Cylons."
"But things are even worse now!" Thon said.
"I told him that."
"Caesar has drafted everyone he can who's under forty!  The elderly and wounded are forced to work in power plants and Matrix farms.  And there are millions!  Millions of patties doing nothing but dancing around in their metal bodies or living on the Matrix!"
Darro nodded.  "I know.  He said once the Cylons are dealt with, we can resume our 'relationship,' as he put it."
"Frak him!" Ahljaela yelled.
The tender looked at his person of interest and again whispered to him to calm down.  The being saw the angry heat ebb within him and Thon propped himself against the wall while the meeting carried on.  
The Messenger then moved to Gela where he sought a particular Cylon leader around whom many future echoes swirled.  The unit was an old one and it was powerful in these times of war.
Bevonal's armor was bulky and a dull metal.  Its eye ring glowed red and circled quickly as it studied maps projected on the wall.  Its lieutenants had been told to leave it be, so the tender decided to appear to the unit.
But what form?  He searched the machine's memories and thought better of appearing as a comrade centurion.  Finally, he found a humanoid he believed the leader would respect.
"Greetings, Bevonal," Cronus said.
The unit glanced toward him, tilted his head and went back to the maps.
The being was confused.  He tried to fine tune his energy and made himself even more substantial.  Their sentience is not the same as the humans'.
"Greetings, Bevonal," Cronus said.
The Cylon whipped around and produced a weapon from its arm's mechanism.  "How did you get here?"
"I am not really here," he said.  "Think of me as a projection."  The Cylon retracted its gun.  "Do you recognize me?"
"You are the Psilon, Cronus."
"I am."  The Messenger could still see the future spiraling toward this unit and he planned out all that he could say carefully.  "How goes the war?"
"Our forces have managed to rebuff the advances of the combined Tiberian and Pact armies.  We have established seven command posts and territories on mainland Isinnia, three in Eridia and one in Badaria.  We are readying forces for a major offensive on Badarian bases, as well."  As Cronus nodded, the Cylon said, "Do you have new information for us on Zeus' whereabouts?"
"Not this time, I'm afraid."  Cronus stepped forward and said, "I do have other information that may help, though."  The Cylon stared with its circling red eye.  It made no other movement or sound.  "I believe that a major attack is coming from the Caesar.  I don't have any details, really, but I know this: you must not retaliate in kind."
The machine did not respond.  After five long seconds, Bevonal said, "I do not understand but I will take this under advisement."
Cronus said, "This is very serious.  If your people respond similarly, you will not survive."
"Understood."
The Messenger could see through the nearest future echoes that nothing had been improved by this conversation.  Nothing was made worse, either.  Still, further interaction would be pointless.  Cylons are not as malleable as the humans are .  They're not as susceptible to our manipulations.  He could see that.

Attican President Berenice Callis sat at her desk, looking at her visitor.  "Thank you for joining me."
Philip Anaxo nodded and said, "Of course, Madam President."
The Messenger stood by her and smiled at the striking form of the officer.  She bent low and whispered in the president's ear.
"What are you doing?" the male tender asked.
The female rose and said, "Guiding, as I have for some time."
The being looked at Callis and said, "I have guided this one also.  She is involved in their technology."
"And I helped make her president of this nation."
"Are you a man of faith, Captain Anaxo?" Callis asked.
Slowly, Anaxo nodded.  "Yes, Madam President.  I am."
"Good," she smiled.  She pulled a book from her desk and handed it to him.  "I have something very important that I need you to do."
"Anything, of course."
The male tender asked his companion, "What does faith have to do with their mission?  That was not part of her purpose."
"It is now," she answered.  "She was raised in the faith.  I have used it to drive her.  To give the plan more urgency."
Callis said, "I fear that the war with the Cylons will not end well.  We've allied with Tiber and the other nations, but now Zeus and his people are involved … everything's floating too much right now."  She tapped the cover of the book.  "This is the Draco.  A cryogenic ship.  More than a hundred people can be frozen on it and awakened when the time is right."
Anaxo's eyebrows shot up and he began to flip through the book.  "I see."
"It's the first of many ships, we hope.  I don't know how long we can keep them a secret.  Officially, their mission is simple: get your payload of scientists, doctors, and whoever else away from the warzone and then back here once it is safe."
"Wait," Phil said as he lifted a hand.  "'Back here?'"
The Messengers smiled.  This part of their operation was successful.
Callis nodded.  "This is home, captain.  Regardless of how badly the war goes, there will be survivors.  We owe it to ourselves and our descendents to make this planet home again."  Anaxo narrowed his gaze and she continued, "When you awaken your payload, they will help whatever is left of humanity pick up the pieces."
Anaxo nodded.  "Makes sense, Madam President."
"That's not all."  She paused and leaned against the edge of her desk.  "My personal orders to you will include one more that's not in the book."
"I see."
She wiped her cheek and then ran her hand on her leg.  "You and your crew will also sow the seeds of faith among humanity's survivors."
"I don't understand."
The male tender moved to the side of the female.  "We did not discuss this.  Faith is not required for survival."
"It is not," she answered.  "But it may help bind the survivors together.  I have seen faith give rise to greatness in them.  They aspire to be more than they are.  Faith has given them comfort as well as motivation."
The male shook his head.  "And I have seen fear do much the same.  Motivation, resilience.  Their animal instincts for survival become engaged."
"You will teach the people that survive about our god."  Callis licked her lips.  For the first time during the meeting, she looked nervous.  "Assuming that the faith itself doesn't survive the war, of course, I want you to spread the word of the Great One."
Anaxo grinned a little and said, "You're Aneipotan, too, Madam President?"
She tilted her head and said, "I was raised in that sect, yes."  She stood and moved toward the captain.  "I have been immersed in science nearly all of my life.  I grew to think that religion was an ancient crutch."  Callis shook her head and opened her mouth to speak.  She closed it and then sat in a chair next to Anaxo.  "Operation Preserve might be the thing to save us all."  He looked down at the book dedicated to the Draco.  "I have seen things, captain.  Like dreams.  I am certain that we are not long for this world."
The female Messenger motioned toward her and said, "Do you see what your fear has done?"
"It spurred her to action."
"It plagues her."
The male tender looked into her mind and said, "It depends on the individual.  Perhaps fear alone would have worked.  Perhaps faith alone.  Regardless, the two together appear to have accomplished our goals.  The ship is being prepared and it will launch."
The female being looked skyward and said, "I see other ships, too."
The male waved his hand.  "Their echoes are faint.  I believe the likelihood of their survival is small."  He nodded toward Anaxo.  "We should focus on this one and the Draco."
XCVIII
LETO
1 Year Before the End

"This is Zeus, terrorist leader of a group called 'The Olympians,'" the monitor announced.  The Psilons watched intently as an old picture flashed on screen.  "They are wanted for crimes against the state and murder.  Caesar Maxentius the Ninth is offering a substantial reward for their capture.  If you have seen any of these people, please contact your local magistrate's office …"  Poseidon muted the volume.
"I thought you said Caesar seemed pleasant and easy going," Hades asked.
Arcas chuckled, "Have you not read your history?"
"Well," Hades said, "you told me the Caesar wouldn't be upset if the Titans were gone."
Zeus nodded.  "True.  It's possible that this manhunt is a farce.  We killed most of his praetors.  His war consul.  He had to put on some sort of show for his advisers.  He couldn't just let those assassinations go."
"You said he needed us," Hera added.  "Doesn't this risk losing us?"
Zeus shrugged.  "I don't know."
As he walked toward the bar, Dionysus put down his empty glass.  "When did you last talk to Rhea?"
"Last week."  He poured wine into a cup and took a big gulp.  "She said nothing's changed and we can still stay as long as we want."
"The ships?" Atlas asked.  "Any word from Bia?"
Zeus sighed.  "Nothing new.  She told me everything is going according to schedule so far."
Leto simply watched him.  She saw his shoulders slump and the slow way he blinked.  She knew he was tired.  She could hear it in his voice.
"What's to stop Huban or Attica from cashing in on us?" Ersa asked.  "They could turn us over in an instant."
Zeus nodded.  "They could, but …"
"Politics," Antaeus said.  "If they did, then the Atticans or whoever would have to admit that they had been helping us."
Dione added, "And given the alliance between them and Tiberia, it could make things difficult."
"All true."  Zeus raised his glass toward them and took another sip.
He's been drinking more, Leto thought.  
"Look," Zeus said.  "This is supposed to be a casual get together.  No more business."
Many of the Olympians chuckled and began to mill around.  Leto slowly stood and walked toward the bar where she got a drink, too.  She saw Hera pouring herself something, so Leto held back, nibbling a few crackers from a bowl.  When Zeus' wife left, she stepped forward and got a little bit of white wine.  
"The stresses are all minimal," Hephaestus said.
"Less than two percent?" Atlas asked.
"Yes indeed."
Leto smiled and shook her head.  They couldn't not talk about work.  She sat on a small chair and looked across the floor toward Zeus.  He was looking right at her.  A charge ran through her skin and she grinned very briefly.  Then she turned and pretended to be interested in Hephaestus' FTL talk.
Hephaestus coughed and asked, "What about your probes?  Anything new on the probes?"
Atlas swallowed the last of his liquor and said, "Yes.  I showed Zeus earlier today.  There's one really great planet on the other side of a big star cluster.  It's a long ride, though."
"Nice planet?" Hephaestus asked.
Atlas nodded.  "Earth.  That's what he called it."  He tipped his glass toward Zeus.  Leto looked at him and saw that he was looking at her again.  Or was that still?  She began to feel self-conscious.  Leto stood and went to the other sofa nearer the bar.  There, Hermes and Metis were talking. 
"It doesn't matter if Caesar can or not," Hermes said.  "His technology is the same kind that they were made with.  The point is, we can't get in."
Metis said, "And if we could, there's nothing to say we could craft a bug to bring them down."
"Exactly."  Hermes looked around the room and said, "That's if we even should."
Metis sniffed and said, "Oh, you're on Prometheus' side with that, huh?"
Hermes shrugged and said, "If they're sentient beings like we think they are, it'd be genocide, right?"
Leto looked at both of them and said, "If Cylons are going to kill everyone on Larsa, they should be stopped."
"Agreed."  Metis nodded and popped a few bite-sized crackers into her mouth.
"Well," Hermes said, "that's if that's what they're really going to do."
Leto looked toward Zeus again and saw that he was talking to Dionysus.  I wonder if he knows.  They talked normally for a moment and then the larger brown-haired man laughed.  Zeus chuckled and looked away.  Hera seemed angry, though.  She stood and stalked toward the bar again with a stern look on her face.  Instinctively, Leto looked around the room for Dionysus' mother, Semele.  She was in a far corner, talking to Aphrodite.
Dionysus stood and staggered backward half a step.  Zeus grabbed his son's arm and steadied him.  "What?" Dionysus barked.  "All I said was it looks like she's permanently sucking lemons."
Leto heard Hera inhale sharply.  She reached over the counter and pulled an empty bottle from the shelf and she quickly turned back around and strode toward Dionysus.
"Shit," Hermes leapt off the sofa and darted between furniture and chatting Psilons.  Hera was almost within striking distance when he caught her arm and yanked the bottle from her hand.  Zeus stood and began to wave his hands and Dionysus only laughed.
"I don't know why that's pissed you off so much!"
Hera balled her fists and struggled against Hermes and now Zeus.  "You tell that bastard!  Your bastard!  To shut the frak up!"
Leto's eyes widened and she looked at drunken Dionysus.  He was still smiling and didn't seem to process what she said.
"Hera," Zeus said, "I think it's time for you to go."
"Yes it is."  She jerked her hands away from Hermes and stepped back.  Zeus moved toward her to guide her out, but she reared back and slapped him as hard as she could.  The sound of that smack stopped everything in the cabin.  Hera stalked out of the room and it was several seconds after her departure before small talk resumed.
Leto watched Zeus stand there in the middle of the floor, staring at the door.  Dionysus had already moved along to another glass of wine.  A moment later, Zeus turned and caught Leto's gaze.  She quickly looked away.
She leaned back against the cushion, hoping to conceal herself somewhat behind a lamp.  She only halfheartedly tried to listen to Hermes, Metis, Antero, and Ersa talk about computers.  
"At least the new download protocols are in place," Metis said.
"No more Code Blacks," Hermes added as he sipped his drink.
Antero nodded and looked off to the side.  "Too late for Eryx.  Epimetheus."
No one responded.  Leto looked around the room while still trying to avoid Zeus' gaze.
"What about children?" Ersa asked.  Slowly, Leto turned and faced the others.
Metis shook her head.  "They still can't be scanned and added to the transfer roster until they reach cerebral maturity."
Hermes downed the rest of his drink and stood.  "Twenty-five."
"Yes."  Metis shrugged and said, "Given the stress of our current daily lives, I don't think anyone's considering children right now, anyway."
Seeking an escape from the conversation, Leto turned around.  Ares, Belus, and Arcas were talking about sports on the other side of the lamp.  Dionysus was now raucously talking to Poseidon about some movie he was watching.  It seemed that the party had moved on.  Zeus had not.
He sat in his chair with an empty cup.  He set it down and then placed his face in his hands.  After a few minutes of that, he straightened and then roughly scratched his white hair.  He stared at the door.  No one tried to talk to him.
Leto sipped her wine as she watched Zeus.  She tried to tell herself to go over there.  She couldn't do it.  At one point, she managed to put both feet on the floor in preparation for standing, but then Hades sat next to Zeus and started talking to him.  Leto relaxed her muscles and allowed herself to sink back into the sofa.
After another hour, half of the Psilons left the cabin.  The remainder were paired off and chatting quietly.  Zeus sat alone, sipping from his cup.  When Hermes stood and left, she was alone on the couch.  She sighed and decided to finally leave.  She began to pass Zeus on her way out and instead of walking by, she slowed, looked down, and asked, "Can I get you something?"
He was almost surprised by the question.  "Some more water, please."
She smiled and took his cup.  She refilled it and got some water herself.  Leto took it to him and then began to debate whether she should go ahead and leave.
"Sit."
Leto swallowed hard and then stepped around an end table before sitting in a cloth chair.  As part of her standard conversation routine, she asked, "How are you?"  She regretted it as soon as she said it.
Zeus chuckled.  "I'm fine."
She nodded and watched as Antero and Macaria left together holding hands.  After several moments of silence, she said, "I don't really know what to say."  Zeus looked up.  Leto stared into his bright blue eyes and she melted a little.  He seemed so tired but there was warmth there.  She could feel it.
Hephestus and Aphrodite left.  Zeus nodded toward them.  He turned and caught sight of Belus and Caerus leaving together out the other door.  They were now alone.
Suddenly, Leto felt nervous.  Self-conscious again.  She tugged on her shirt sleeves and said, "I guess I should go to bed, too."  Zeus stood and Leto followed suit.  With both of them standing up from their chairs, they found themselves just in front of each other's faces.  Close.
"Good night."  Zeus said it simply, softly.  
Leto answered with a nod.
Zeus leaned forward and kissed her mouth.  She went limp for a moment before wrapping her arms around his shoulders.  They stayed in that dimly lit, empty cabin for some time.
XCIX
CAESAR
1 Year Before the End

"As expected, the Atticans' counterattack was unsuccessful.  The Cylons have taken Strand."
Several of the legates gasped.  Prefect did not respond from the screen.  Caesar stared at his new commander general.
Barbus was a capable officer, no question.  But she was forced on him when the legates, tribunes, and the Senate itself grew dissatisfied with Quintus.  It wasn't fair, Caesar knew, but Quintus understood.  He left without protest.  The emperor saw to it that he was cared for.
Barbus spoke louder to be heard over the chatter of the war council, "There are now eight major military facilities in Isinnia under Cylon control.  Any one of them could launch major airstrikes on Tiberia and its territories."
For once, the legates and Prefect were silent.  Caesar nodded toward the general and she sat.
"Any word on Zeus?" the imperator asked.
The intelligence consul shook his head.  "No, dominus."
"Greater effort must be expended to find the terrorists, consul," Prefect said from its screen.
Maxentius glared toward the monitor and said, "Yes, but not for the reasons you believe, Prefect."
"Terrorist cells under Zeus' direction have repeatedly attacked and destroyed power stations and datafarms throughout Tiberia!"  The screen flashed brighter as Prefect's voice rose in pitch and volume.  "Thirty thousand optimates have been lost in recent attacks due to data backlogs and technical errors!  Five praetors and your war consul were killed by Zeus himself!"
"Immaterial!"  Caesar rose from his seat and pushed it away with the backs of his knees.  As Prefect prepared to speak again, the emperor yelled at the screen, "Off!"  The glowing face was gone in a blink.
He looked toward the senators along the table.  The consuls and tribunes.  There were three dour-looking legates along with General Barbus.  Caesar pointed to them.
"You understand the situation, don't you?"  The four of them nodded.  The imperator looked at the rest of the council and said, "These are the darkest days for the Empire … possibly in all its existence.  We are utterly spent."  He put particular emphasis on that last word.  "Soldiers, materials, equipment.  Our treasuries are depleted as well and we are no closer to victory."
"But the Pact …" a minor prefect dared interrupt.
"Quiet."  The man sank in his chair.  "This war council is finished."  Two senators began to protest and Maxentius raised his hands.  "Because of this council and its advice, we invaded Gela for resources and for 'honor,'" he said with sarcasm, "we split our attention and couldn't decide what we wanted and by the time we did, it was too late.  Our military was sapped and the Cylons gained their footholds around the world."  Caesar shook his head.  "I let myself be led astray by the desires of the optimates.  The greater good of the Empire was not part of their goals."
"My lord!" a senator screamed.
"Get out of my sight.  All of you."  Slowly, the council began to leave their chairs and depart the room.  The emperor caught the attention of General Barbus and motioned for her to stay.  Senators and legates grumbled as they left and the imperator said, "The Caesar will lead!  I will end this the best way possible.  By the Black Stone I swear it!"
Once the room was emptied, once the door closed, Maxentius turned toward General Barbus and said, "Maintain your efforts to find Zeus.  He has a technology that might save us all."  She nodded.  "In the meantime, there is an old file.  Centuries old.  You need to find it and put it into action."  Caesar leaned against the table.  Quietly, he said, "It's called the Phaethon Project."
C
CYLONS
3 Months Before the End

"How should I be costumed?" Edair asked.
Bevonal stopped his strategy calculations and looked toward the Council leader.  "I do not care."
"You should!"  Stripped of most of its outer coverings, Blue stepped away and held up its old metallic cape.  "If I appear opulent, then I display our wealth and make it appear as though the war does not impact us."  It then pointed to its suit of shining chrome armor.  "If I appear as a soldier, then I display our strength and our resolve."
Bevonal's red circle eye swept three times before it answered.  "The rest of the Council are outfitted in armor.  If you wish to appear opulent, go ahead."
Edair's speakers crackled with excitement and it began to slip into its costume.  Minutes later, gleaming in differently colored and reflective metals, the wispy version of the leader emerged, gliding about on its shimmering cape.  "I like this!"
"Then why did you ask me?"  Bevonal stalked away and tried to think in private.
"Shall we speak again of our goals?" Ma'd asked.  It was covered in gold armor reminiscent of Gela's first army.
Bevonal answered, "If we must."
Pvamoos stepped forward and said, "Tiberia and the Pact of Nations must cease hostilities at once."
"They must repay us for Cylons deactivated during the conflict in the form of raw materials."  Ma'd seemed pleased with itself.
"They must allow us to maintain our bases and territories in Isinnia, Eridia, and Badaria," Bevonal said.  "They will not agree to this."
"They should!" Edair said.  "We are preparing to strike the final blows.  Surely they understand this."
"Perhaps they do," Bevonal said.  "This is why they negotiate."
"It is time," Ma'd said.
The Council of Five moved out of their makeshift tent on the slopes of the Majellan Mountains south of Thera.  Their capital city had been bombed repeatedly, but the Cylon government and war headquarters had operated quite well from the mining facilities and quarries in the mountain range.  
The road leading toward Thera was lined with Cylons.  In the distance, a long motorcade entered the Council's view.  "I see them!" Blue shrieked.  Bevonal continued to think.
The black vehicles slowly got closer and the flags of their representative nations fluttered alongside them.  Minutes later, they stopped in a semicircle before the quarry base and a few representatives emerged.  Lastly, a large truck rumbled up the hill and turned away from the rest of the vehicles.  The Council was curious about this and the rear of the truck began to lower to ground level.  Suddenly, as its door opened, a large cart emerged carrying a man tethered to a box by cables.  It was the emperor of Tiberia.  Edair gasped.
The dignitaries lined up along the road with the emperor remaining in his motorized chariot.  The Council of Five moved closer and the leader swept forward, flicking its cape as it did.  "I am Malaflees Carbanotto Blue Edair, leader, and this is the rest of the Council of Five."  It motioned behind itself and the other Cylon leaders exchanged glances, dismayed that they had been denied the right of introduction.
A human stepped forward and smiled.  "I am Dyseo Rodimus, prime minister of Attica and here on behalf of President Berenice Callis."
A human female bowed and said, "I am Nichel Kweito, chief delegate of the Pact of Nations."
"I am Caesar Maxentius the Ninth, lord imperator and princeps senatus of Tiberia."  The Cylons bowed low and stared at the Caesar's cart.  "Forgive me if I do not leave this vehicle."  He kicked and a tuft of dirt flew into the air.  "It's an old tradition."
Edair stepped to one side and said, "Please, glorious leaders.  This way."  The Council of Five began to move along a trail and then down into a quarry.  The delegates and their attendants followed.  The slope of the rocks stretched far above and the procession kept spiraling downward.  As they did, they saw the refineries and assembly plants lining the valleys of a river that once fed the quarry.  Cables and conveyor belts extended in every direction.  Great forges of molten metal glowed far away.  All was still.  Gela's attention was turned here and to the talks.
The Council of Five took its place behind a table fashioned from carved stone.  The emperor rolled his chariot in front of the table while Attica's prime minister and the Pact's chief delegate sat on blocks nearby.  
"I presume you are here to seek an end to hostilities," Edair said as it drifted above the table.
"Correct," the chief delegate said.
"We have terms," Blue answered quickly.  "Would you like to hear them?"
Caesar waved his hand toward it and said, "Please."
"Tiberia and the Pact of Nations must cease hostilities at once," one of the Council said.
"They must repay us for Cylons deactivated during the conflict in the form of raw materials."
Bevonal finished, "They must allow us to maintain our bases and territories in Isinnia, Eridia, and Badaria."
The humans exchanged looks while the emperor nodded.  "Your first point is one we can easily accept."
"Very good!" Edair yelled.
"Progress!" another Cylon said.
"The second point," Caesar continued, "will be difficult but we can certainly work on it."
"Progress again!"  Blue turned toward that Cylon and made a menacing gesture.
"Your third point, however," Kweito said, "will be very difficult."
The Caesar added, "Impossible, I would say."
Edair rose high above the ground and flared its cape, "Why?!"
"Cylon forces occupy seven of our islands and both eastern peninsulas of Attica itself."  The prime minister shook his head.  "There are millions of civilians under Cylon control and several large cities."
"Likewise," the emperor quickly followed, "nearly a fifth of Tiberia is occupied, including our second-most populous city, Cales.  We cannot allow that land to remain yours."
As Edair grunted and flexed its small limbs, Kweito said, "There are four other nations in Isinnia alone that have lost major ground to you.  In Eridia, you control all of Ticul and much of Llano.  And you have three separate fronts in Badaria."
Blue moved frantically left to right before Bevonal finally spoke.  "We have grown dependent on that land and the resources there."
Another Cylon continued, "We are dependent on the labor there for the harvesting of those resources."
Caesar and the humans glared at the Council.  "What you are describing," Maxentius said, "is slavery."  The machines did not react.  "Do you not see the inherent irony?  You were, yourselves, slaves to Tiberia."
"Correct."  Edair seemed proud of this fact and it added, "We are now more powerful than any of you."
The chief delegate said, "The Pact of Nations cannot allow the occupation of these territories nor can we abide the maintaining of … millions of slaves."
Bevonal rose up and presented its chest.  "Those are our terms."
The emperor remained still within his cart while Rodimus and Kweito leaned close to each other and whispered.  The Cylons were able to hear them.
"There's no way."
"No.  Maybe we can negotiate for a few of them to be returned."
"Tiberia, of course.  Caesar will insist."
"Attica, too.  We've had bad reports out of Helicon."
Caesar shook his head.  "This is pointless.  You can't bargain with them.  They want all or nothing."  He turned toward the Council and said, "Can you envision any scenario wherein you would abandon a few of your occupied territories in exchange for us meeting your other terms?"
Edair simply said, "No."
"You want all or nothing, correct?"  The emperor motioned toward them grandly.
"Correct."
The Caesar looked toward his companions and sighed.  "I am very sorry, chief delegate and prime minister.  I really am."  He straightened in his chariot and flicked his cape aside.  The Cylons saw the connections between the emperor's robotic body and his large cube-shaped processing unit.  "I had hoped some level of bargaining could occur, but … Zeus was right.  This was doomed to fail."
Confused, both Rodimus and Kweito stood up and looked at the Cylons.  Kweito spoke, "Forgive us, councilors.  We are not certain …"
"Please, do not interrupt," Caesar said.  "This is over."
Blue tilted its head and asked, "What is over?"
"The negotiations."  Caesar inhaled sharply and added, "This war."
The Cylons looked at each other and then at their visitors.  Bevonal glared at Caesar and his chariot.  His cube inside.  Something new appeared.  A light emerged from the cube.  Bevonal turned its head, trying to identify the energy, but it couldn't.
Then the box exploded.

Bevonal awoke in its small facility in southern Gela.  It emerged from the wire cocoon and moved away from the shelter.  It looked across the fields and north toward the mountains.  It heard nothing and could see only distant clouds.  Then, a low rumble filled its sensors.  
No other member of the Council followed Bevonal's advice when the war began.  It was logical, it said, to create an auxiliary body into which one's data could be transferred in case of attack.  So the Cylon councilor stood alone.  It realized that it was now the leader.
The Cylon crushed a stone underneath its foot.  It clenched its fists until the metal creaked.  Something burned inside of it.  It burned cold.  Everything seemed to slow down and all of its senses were tinged with frost.  Anger.  Bevonal was angry beyond its comprehension.
"The humans come to our home and try to destroy it?"  Its bellowing echoed in the small valley.  "We will destroy them!"  We will determine what weapon that was and make our own.
For a microsecond, it recalled the warning about retaliation from the projection of Cronus some time ago.  Just as quickly, the angry Cylon pushed that memory away.
CI
PSILONS
5 Weeks Before the End

"Lemuria, status," Bia asked.
The computer instantly replied, "Assembly stage three completed.  FTL components installed.  Hull ready for orbital transport and final assembly."
Polemos nodded and exhaled loudly.  "Almost done."
"When did Mica say we can launch?"
Her brother closed his eyes and tried to remember the conversation.  "Three days."
Bia tapped the side of the computer's panel.  "How long to assemble her in orbit?"
Polemos grinned at the pronoun usage and said, "About three weeks."  He straightened up and groaned when his back cracked.  "There's nothing more we can do today.  The last of the cable won't be here until tomorrow."
She touched an induction panel and said, "Lemuria, shut down."
"Complying."  The screens then went dark.
She got up from the command seat, still wrapped in protective plastic, and motioned away from the Gusu Shipyards.  "Let's eat."  As they walked, they moved past hangars and studied the curves of their vessel as it was showered with sparks.  Bia's pace occasionally slowed and she stared up at the pieces.
"You can't wait to be captain, can you?"
Bia pushed Polemos away and said, "Of course not.  It's exciting."  They got into their car and drove off the base.
A short while later, they stopped at a café on the outskirts of the city.  Bia sipped her soup slowly and Polemos ate a roll of rice and fish.  He shook his head and asked, "If you're hungry, why did you get soup?"  When she looked up at him, he added, "That's not very filling."
"It's what I wanted."  Her eyes darted out to the parking lot where a large group of people began to gather.  More appeared from the south, walking along the highway.  She spoke again without looking away, "I'll get more when I'm done."
Now her brother was looking outside, too.  After a moment, he said, "Refugees." 
"From Erlitoun?"
Polemos nodded.  The people outside seemed dirty and tired.  Several parents held their young children and they cried out loud.  The siblings looked down at the table and at their unfinished meals.  Guilt must have overtaken them simultaneously because neither of them ate another bite.
After a few quiet moments, Polemos asked, "Did Ares talk to you yet?"
Bia seemed to sink a little in her seat.  "Yes."
Polemos shook his head and said, "I don't know what possessed Zeus to make atomics of his own."
"He told me we might need them as bargaining chips."  Her brother scoffed and she continued, "Ares, though, said he believed the Cylons' fighters are able to go suborbital.  With enough power, they could even attack the spacestations or any orbiting ship."
"That makes more sense."
"Still," she glanced outside again, "I don't like having all of those weapons.  Atomics, Hydra missiles, …"
"The war isn't over yet," Polemos said as he laid a few Huban bills out on the table.  "Who knows what kind of trouble we could have when we launch."
"True."  Bia gathered her jacket and satchel and got up to leave.  As she did, a few of the Erlitou refugees came inside and began speaking with the cashier in their native language.  The Olympians slowly exited the restaurant and one of the refugees watched as they walked past.  
They walked to their rented car and Polemos took the keys from his pocket.  The refugee from inside, a man of about fifty, ran out and stopped by them.  He spoke quickly and loudly.
Polemos shook his head, "I'm sorry.  I don't speak Fengi."
The man looked down and thought.  Polemos began to get inside the car when he looked up again and then yelled, "Zeus!  Caesar give money!  Cylon give money!"
Bia quickly hopped inside and watched as Polemos tried to do the same.  The man grabbed at the door and her brother said, "No.  Not Zeus.  Go away."  The man turned toward the throng of people and began yelling in his language.  "Oh, frak."
"Let's go.  Fast."
Polemos slammed the door and started the car.  Almost immediately, half a dozen men ran up to it and began banging on the sides.  He reversed and hit one of the men.  "Shit."  The man outside did not fall but he banged on the car even harder.  Bia looked around as best as she could and saw even more people approaching.
"We have to go."
"I don't want to hit them!"
Bia grabbed the wheel and turned it to the right.  "You'll have to.  Go!"
Polemos stepped on the accelerator and the car lurched forward and over a cement bumper.  Another stomp on the pedal forced the car onto the café's sidewalk and it veered away from the building, nudging an outside table before knocking over a flower pot.  The vehicle was clear of the restaurant and Polemos sped into a field.  He drove into thick brown grass before turning to the road, where he saw dozens more refugees walking along the side.
"Shit."  He didn't alter his course.  The meandering people moved away and allowed the vehicle to get on the asphalt and speed north.  Their assailants were yelling and chasing after them.  Soon, many more in the crowd were incited and they began running north, too.
"We have to go back to the shipyard," Bia said.  "It won't be safe in town."

"Lake Nemi Patarian Church of God," Prometheus read aloud.  He smiled and turned toward the Psilons who came with him.  "You know, it was a Patarian church in Kvenlan where I had my … conversion, I guess."
"Patarian?" Antaeus said.  "Do you know all the tenets of their faith?"
Prometheus shook his head.  "No.  It's a church.  That's all that's important right now."
They walked inside the building and found a similarly plain sanctuary as Prometheus saw several years before.  He looked around and nodded when he noticed the simple wooden symbol of the Median faith.
The feet of seven people on the wooden floor created enough noise to bring the minister from his room.  He emerged, wearing his traditional tattered robe and vestments.
"I'm sorry," the kindly old man said, "the service doesn't begin for almost an hour."
Prometheus nodded and said, "It looks like a rain is coming.  May we sit in here for a while?"
The minister raised his eyebrows and looked around.  "Well, I don't see why not."  He waved toward the pews and said, "Please."
"Thank you, sir."  Prometheus bowed.
A few of the others said, "Thank you," as well.
Prometheus sat in a pew in front of the others.  He turned and leaned his arm over its back to face them.  "We are, apparently, Olympus' faithful.  I've spoken to everyone at least three times, no more than that, about joining us."
Dione nodded and smiled.  "My parents weren't really believers, I don't think, but they taught me about religion."  She looked at her husband, Antaeus, and then she continued, "I liked what I heard.  It stuck with me."
Antaeus nodded.  "Same here."  He hugged Dione closer and said, "We've had more than enough close scrapes with the Cylons and the humans to make me think that someone is watching out for us."
Briefly, Prometheus looked down and thought about his late brother.  
Antaeus touched the shoulder of his adult daughter, Selene.  She smiled and said, "For me, it's almost an intellectual exercise.  I know so much about the world but there is still so much more to be explained.  I think … faith can help with that."
"Yes," Prometheus said.  Then he looked over at the other couple present.  "What brings you here?"
"I'll be honest," Antero said, "I've felt pretty useless for a long time."
Her wife, Macaria, smiled and said, "I mean, I'm good with money, so I've helped there …"
"Yeah, but what about me?"  Antero laughed.  "I'm no scientist.  I'm not an engineer or doctor.  I can't draw well.  But I do read.  I've read a lot of books over the last century.  Like Antaeus, I feel like we've been blessed.  We're in a position to survive and contribute to the world."  She shrugged and added, "Well, once the war's over."
"I'll come back to that in a moment," Prometheus said.  He looked at his last follower.  She didn't look up.  She hadn't said a word in almost an hour.  He leaned forward and lightly touched her knee.  "What about you?  Why are you here?"
Leto didn't lift her head fully, but she looked toward Prometheus with wide eyes.  She spoke softly and said, "Guilt."
Prometheus nodded once.  Dione raised her eyebrows and Antaeus put his hand on her leg to steady her.  He quickly shook his head once and Dione stopped her animated reaction.
"Well," their leader said, "I, too, think we are blessed.  We are blessed because we have so much in a time when many millions are going without even the most basic things."
"Yes," Antero said.
"We are blessed because we have a community of people who help each other and look out for each other."  Prometheus saw Leto's head droop lower.  "We are blessed because we have the ability to live far longer than others.  We can learn from our mistakes."  She lifted her head a little there.  "We have more time to do so."
"Absolutely," Antaeus said under his breath.
"I don't know what the future holds for us," Prometheus said, "or even the world.  I do know that we can be here to help."  A few of the others began to nod.  "If the war continues to sweep across the lands as it seems likely to, we will help.  If things get so bad we have to leave Larsa," he shook his head and said, "I hope it doesn't come to that, but if we do, we can make a difference wherever we go.  A spiritual difference."
At the end of his sentence, a man entered the sanctuary and looked at them.  After a moment, he walked to the front of the room and knelt before the dais.  He prayed, lit a candle, stood, and walked back outside.  He kept his eyes fixed on the Psilons the entire time he was in motion.
Selene shook her head once and said, "I have a bad feeling about him."
Macaria scoffed and said, "Saban farmers.  They all look that way."
Prometheus stared at the door.  He could hear talking outside.  He stood and was about to suggest that they all leave when the door swung open again.
It was the same tall man.  His hair was now wet and rain was pouring heavily behind him.  He stepped inside and closed the door.  After he looked at each of their faces, he spoke with a very thick accent.  "We know who you are."
Prometheus glanced at his people and saw the nervousness creep across them all.  Leto looked at the floor and Dione crept closer to Antaeus.  Prometheus raised his hands and said, "We don't mean to cause any trouble."
"You won't."  The stranger nodded toward the door and said, "Leave now."  Prometheus hesitated and the others didn't bother to stand.  "I recognize you.  More people will come soon and they recognize you, too."
Prometheus nodded and said, "I see."  He took Leto's arm and helped her off the bench.  The others began to stand.
"We don't like Caesar so we won't tell."  The man shook his head and said, "More people coming later … they might care more about the money than me."
Prometheus nodded again and pushed the group toward the door.  "Thank you."
They walked outside and stood on the front steps of the church.  The rain fell hard and the dirt road was already muddy.  Nearly everyone sighed and hiked their jackets up to their heads.  As they stepped out and into the wetness, Prometheus looked back and saw their stranger talking with others.  Even though he had let them go, he felt uneasy.

"Rhea."  That's what the display on Zeus' wristband read.  He looked up at the group of Psilons in the meeting cabin and sighed before pressing the blinking light.
"Go ahead."
"Zeus."  Her voice was sharp and piercing.  It made several of the Olympians nearby straighten up, especially those who had Rheas for mothers.  "You need to get out of there."
"Why?"
"We just intercepted a call to the local magistrate's office.  Someone spotted your people in the Lake Nemi region."  Zeus closed his eyes and Rhea continued.  "More than that, we have reason to believe that the information was also intercepted by Cylons."
"What the frak?" Hermes said as he slowly stood.
Zeus held his wrist closer.  "Why do you say that?" Zeus asked.
"We were monitoring a group of Cylon raiders patrolling near the Tiberian border.  Just moments after I got the call about you, they turned and headed straight for Lake Nemi."
He sighed and looked around the room.  Psilons began to rise and gather their things.  The door swung open and a drenched group of Olympians came in from the rain.  Prometheus, Antaeus, and others.
"Thank you, Rhea," Zeus said.
"Good fortune."  The device beeped.
"What's going on?" Prometheus asked.
Zeus only turned part of the way toward him.  "Our location has been compromised.  Cylons are likely on their way here."
Prometheus turned toward his wet comrades and held one of their hands.  He lowered his head and said, "Dear God.  We ask for your help in these trying times."  Zeus rolled his eyes and walked away.  "Please help us flee to safer shores."
"We need to evacuate, now," Poseidon said.
Arcas stood and said, "Agreed."  
Prometheus stopped his prayer and huddled the rest of his group inside.  "What can we do?"
Zeus raised his hands and said, "First off, don't panic.  Code Black is a thing of the past.  Worst case scenario … if we're killed, we download and wake up in Huban at a hangar where the ships are being built."
Hera was standing up and staring at someone.  Zeus turned and saw that Leto was among the wet with Prometheus.  He glanced toward her belly.  The pregnancy can't download, of course.
Poseidon moved toward another door and said, "Antaeus, please ready the shuttle."
"On it."  
Zeus clapped his hands and said, "Group A, stand by to depart.  Take your essentials and rig the rest."  He watched as the people scattered.  He looked behind him again and saw Leto standing still.  Her head hung low but she didn't make a move or a sound.  Zeus gave her a curt nod and she departed.  When he turned back around, he found that Hera was the only person remaining in the cabin.
Silence.
Hera spoke first, saying, "I'm sure you found a place for her on one of the ships."
Zeus scoffed and said, "There's a place for everyone."
"She's pregnant."
Zeus nodded.
Hera inhaled through her nose and drew her mouth into a tight line.  "It's yours, isn't it?"
He sighed.  
"We've been here before," she said.  Her volume continued to rise.  "Semele?  That Attican scientist."
Zeus nodded.  She doesn't know about Mnemosyne, at least.
"You said," she paused, inhaling and exhaling in a very calculated way.  A way very familiar to Zeus.  "You said it wouldn't happen again.  You said it was over."
"I lied."
"I know you frakking lied," Hera said.
Zeus rolled his eyes.  "What do you want me to say?  Do you want me to repent, disavow any feelings I have for her and our unborn children?"
"Plural?" Hera said incredulously.  "That's fantastic."
"I won't do it," Zeus said.  "I love them."
Hera was too angry to cry.  She started to leave the room when Zeus yelled, "I love you still.  Can't you see that?"
"How can you say that?" she asked from the door.  It was still raining outside.  "How can you dare say that to me?"
Zeus was quiet for a moment.  He spoke softly, "I've secured a place for you on the Olympus, haven't I?  If I didn't love you, why would I have done that?"
Hera was fuming.  Too angry to think or rationalize.  She stormed out into the rain.
Zeus sat and watched the rain taper.  'With me,' he thought.  I should have said, 'I secured a place for you on the Olympus with me.'  
Soon after, Hades came in and said the Aetos was ready to take the first group away to their waiting vehicles.
"How long before it can come back?"
Hades shrugged and said, "Everything's about forty kilometers away.  Shouldn't be too long."
"Go.  Make it fast."
As he ran from the cabin, Hades yelled, "We'll bring it back as soon as we can!"
Zeus stood and walked toward the window.  He watched as Leto ran toward the shuttle.  A few others piled on board.  Then Hera.  He sighed and sat down again.
After pouring himself a drink, Ares entered the room with an automatic rifle.  Zeus asked, "Shuttle's full?"
Ares pulled the strap over his shoulder.  "Yes."
"Who's left?"  Hephaestus and Hermes burst into the cabin with a box full of wires and electronics.  Zeus sipped his drink and looked at Hephaestus, "I thought you were in Huban?"
"I was leaving later today, but …"  He removed a few batteries from the box and said, "I've got all the buildings ready to go."
Zeus nodded and looked outside.  The Aetos was gone.  "Who's left?"
Hermes said, "Just us."
"Four?"  Zeus waited for a response and none came.  "We could have squeezed four more onto the shuttle."
"You said 'Group A,'" Ares smiled.  "We're all B."
Hephaestus mumbled as he fidgeted with the electronics, "And the rest of Group B is in Huban working on the ships."
Zeus put his drink down and walked over to the table.  "What are you doing?"
Hermes grinned and said, "EMP devices."
"EMP?"  Zeus smirked and said, "Do you know if it even works on Cylons?"
Hermes shrugged and Ares said, "Even if it doesn't, it has a pretty big explosive punch."
Hephaestus smiled and held up a metal tube.  "See?"
Zeus leaned over and asked, "How can I help?"
Ten minutes later, Ares spoke from the window, "Here they are."
There were two modified Ticulan fighters, wedge-shaped and moving fast over the water.  Their ionocraft drive was almost silent and they hovered near Lake Nemi's edge a hundred meters or so away from the cabin.
"They're dropping soldiers," Ares said.  He propped the stock of the rifle against his shoulder and leaned down.  They marched along the muddy paths and swept left and right toward the now-empty cabins.  He glanced at his wristband and tapped a few lights.  He watched the cabins and when he saw Cylons disappear into one, he pressed a button.
The blast contained more fire than force.  Papers and equipment were destroyed.  The cabins themselves were, too, but the splinters flew into the open and bounced off the soldiers.  Only a couple of the machines in the buildings were damaged when they exploded.  The ones remaining outside turned and looked toward the main cabin.  Then they began to march.
Ares raised the rifle and fired.  Large-caliber rounds pierced their armor and sent Cylons to the wet ground.  He kept his weapons fire brief and controlled.  Each shot found a mark.  The Cylons then raised their weapons and began to shoot.
Bullets tore through glass and cheap wooden doors.  Dust and splinters flew into the room around them.  Ares rose up again and fired.  This time, he took down a black-colored centurion.  He smiled broadly until he realized that his magazine was empty.  He tossed it and reloaded.
"Connect that," Hephaestus said.  As he held a wire flat against a circuit board, a bullet hit the table near him.  "Shit."
"Ares?" Zeus asked.
"I'm working on it."  He touched his wristband again and detonated all of the buildings, except their own.  Fire washed over everything in sight.  The Cylons were forced to stand still as the heatwaves poured over them and debris rained down.  Ares took the opportunity and began to fire at the ones he could see.  Seven more went down.
Another magazine was spent.  Ares only had regular rounds left.  These smaller ones wouldn't help against the machines, most likely.  He rose up and fired again, but the bullets bounced off of them harmlessly.
"Hurry up with it!" Ares shouted from the window.  He fired a few more shots and the enemy returned his volley.
Hephaestus was holding the metal tube as still as possible while Zeus gingerly packed in more explosives.  Hermes was pacing back and forth, trying to hear something on his earphone.
"Almost there," Hephaestus said.  He was watching a meter and the needle was rising quickly.
Zeus closed a plastic case around the metal and electronics.  It was an old first aid kit with holes melted into it for wires.  Zeus glanced over to Hermes and shouted, "We're going to need some kind of delivery system."
Ares looked at his father and then at Hermes.  The small man shook his head, "Now you tell me."  He darted around the cabin, lifting blankets and boxes, trying to find something.  Anything.
A bullet ricocheted into the room and Ares pressed against the wall.  He popped his head to take a look quickly and he ducked aside.  He ran in a crouch to the other window and stood up firing seven precise shots.  "That's one down.  I don't have much more ammo."
"Save those bullets for a distraction," Hephaestus said.  "The charge is almost there."
"Hermes," Zeus said, "I hope you've got something because none of us are great Pyramid players."
"I've got it, boss."
Hephaestus looked at the meter and then at Zeus.  "It's now or never."
"Yep."  Zeus pulled the wires from the box and turned to the door.  Hermes was standing there, holding a long sock.  "What the frak …"
"Hephaestus," Hermes said, "grab an end and hold it tight against the door frame."
"Oh, please," Hephaestus said.
Zeus nodded quickly, "No, it'll work."  He stood in the middle of the doorway, though the door was still closed.  Hermes and Hephaestus were stretching the sock tightly and Ares was several meters away under a window.  "Get ready, son.  Straight ahead?"
"Yes," he said.  "That's where the bulk of them are."
Zeus took a deep breath and he shouted, "Now!"
Ares stood up and fired.  A wild spray of bullets bounced off concrete, dug into the dirt, and glanced off metal armor.  Zeus, cradling the device tightly, kicked open the front door and placed the case against the sock.  He ran back, aimed it only slightly and released.  The white and blue plastic box arced through the air and landed in some weeds only about ten meters away.
"Oh, shit," Zeus said.  "Run!"  The four of them raced to the back of the cabin, fumbling for the door while bullets tore into the walls.  After a moment, the case exploded and they heard the sounds of metal crunching and collapsing on itself.  Zeus shook his head, trying to get the buzz out of his ears.  He looked across the cabin and saw prone Cylons scattered about in front of the door.
"Pyramid player or not," Ares said, "I could have thrown that better than your damned sock."
Hermes laughed and Zeus grabbed his head.  "Where is Hades?"
"He'll be here in a moment."  As they stood up, they heard an airship landing outside.  The four of them ran to the front door and saw Poseidon waving from the window.
Zeus walked toward the craft and stepped over a deactivated Cylon.  Hades was holding the hatch open and helping Hermes inside.  Zeus couldn't help but stop and bend over one of the warriors.  Its metal helmet was muddy and its eye deactivated.  His gaze drifted over the wide fan on the rear of its head and then Zeus pried the weapon from its firm grip.
"Let's go."  Zeus closed the hatch and looked toward the control area.  "Where are those fighters?"
"They pulled away when I started blowing the cabins," Ares said.  "They're probably close."
Poseidon yelled from the controls, "I've got a plan."  Suddenly, the Aetos lurched toward the clouds, moving due north.  After several minutes, it banked and flew southeast toward the rest of the Olympians.
"Speaking of plans," Hades said, "what's ours?"
Zeus strapped himself into a seat and held the Cylon's rifle in his lap.  "We make our way to Huban as best we can."
Ares' eyes darted around and he said, "May I stay in Saban for a while longer?"
Zeus raised an eyebrow.  "Why?"
"I had plans for tomorrow.  Important ones."
Zeus squinted and said, "Change them.  We can't go back to the old campground any more."
"I wasn't.  I had a meeting."
Zeus swiveled his chair and asked, "About what?"
Ares sighed and ground his teeth.  After his jaw flexed, he finally spoke, softly, "I was meeting with an arms merchant."
Zeus said, "We have plenty of weapons for our purposes."  He began to get a feeling that he wouldn't like this.
"Not for us."  Ares finally looked Zeus in the eye.  "For the cells in Tiberia."
Poseidon's head jerked upright and he stood.  He quietly stepped away and sat near Hades.
Zeus held his mouth still and took a deep breath.  "How long?"  Ares hesitated and Zeus followed up with, "How long has this been going on?"
Ares was humbled and kept his head low.  "About ten years."
Zeus closed his eyes and leaned his head back on the chair.  He muttered, "Ten years."  Ares didn't move.  "I have been telling … everyone … that we weren't involved with that.  Only the propaganda."
"If you didn't know, it was better for everyone."
"How?"  Zeus was yelling and everyone turned to see.  "If we had been caught, that could have ruined me.  Ruined us with the Pact and probably with the Agency, too!"  He leaned forward and jabbed a finger toward Ares' chest.  "What the frak would you do if they took the Olympus and Lemuria away because of this?"
Ares lifted his chin and said, "They haven't discovered us."
"Yet," Zeus said.  "Yet."  He turned his chair around and leaned his face against his hand.  After a few minutes, he said, "I got another message from Darro's people.  I was going to ignore it."  He glanced toward Ares and said, "I'm thinking maybe you should go.  Now."
The Aetos began its landing procedures.  Once it was safely on the ground, Ares stood and nodded toward his father.  Silently, he left the shuttle, grabbed a case from the supplies outside and entered a dartship.  As the other Psilons watched, confused, it lifted off and headed south into Tiberia.
CII
AHLJAELA
1 Day Before the End

Night was about to fall in Tiber.  Fires blazed on its hills.  Smoke poured into the air.  Mobs roamed the streets.  In the distance, the sounds of bombs simply joined the cacophony.
"They're getting closer," Thon said.
Ares pulled back his hood and looked west.  "Yes."
The duo snuck from one overturned street stand to another.  A large group of rabble moved past with clubs.  They crashed through the windows and doors of a shop.  Ares nodded away from them and Ahljaela followed.
They stalked through an alley and the smaller man said, "It all happened so fast."
Ares pressed his back against the wall and looked into the next square.  He saw no one.  "Caesar underestimated the Cylons.  Again."
"Yes, but," Thon smiled a little, "I meant the revolution."
Ares looked at him and said, "The thing you had been working for happened and it surprised you?"
"Yes."  Ahljaela laughed.  "I lived in a vacuum.  I didn't know if what we were doing was having an impact."  The sound of a collapsing wall nearby forced them to turn and move into the next block.  "The people finally had enough."
"Being invaded by millions of machines can help with sudden realizations."  Ares pulled his satchel to his front and rifled through the opening.  He was looking for something but he zipped it closed without removing anything.  "Are you sure this is what you want?"
Thon nodded.  "Yes."
Ares looked across the open square to the next alley.  "On my mark."  He turned his head and still saw no one.  When he was about to move, his wristband beeped.  "Shit."  He pressed the lights and turned the volume down.  In a loud whisper, he said, "Yes?"
The voice on the other end was tinny, but Ahljaela could hear it clearly enough from where he crouched.  "Son?"
Ares inhaled sharply and said, "Yes, father?"
"I needed to call and let you know not to worry anymore."  Ares furrowed his brow and glanced around while Zeus paused.  "Olympus and Lemuria are in orbit and at the stations.  We're ready on our end."
Ares nodded once and said, "That's good."
"Will you come back with us?"
The Psilon hesitated and stared at the road's surface for a moment.  "Am I welcome?"
"You're my son and you're my general.  I need you with me.  I want you with me."
Ares looked at Thon.  The young man was slumped against the cement bench and he was now staring at the ground.  "Not yet."
"Why?"
"I'm still with Darro's cell in Tiber."  Ares looked up again.  No one was near.  "We have a mission and I want to see it through."  Thon smiled at Ares and he nodded in return.
Zeus paused now.  Finally, he said, "I understand.  Don't stay too much longer.  Everything I'm seeing shows there could be a major Cylon push soon.  Long-range planes at their airfields in Gela and Scythia.  At their captured bases everywhere else.  Something big is coming."
"Understood."
Softly, Zeus said, "Take care, son."
"I will."  He tapped the wristband and said, "On my mark."  He waved his hand and they ran the dozen or so meters to the next alley.  They slid through the narrow passage quickly and then knelt at the other end looking out onto a major thoroughfare.
"Frak," Thon said.  "It feels like we'll never get there."
"Patience."  Ares watched a member of the Praetorian Guard ride past on a horse.  "It seems that some units of the military are still in position."  
Ahljaela looked over Ares and nodded.  "We're close to Viminal Square.  Another kilometer."  While they watched, Thon tried to remember the last time he spoke to his father.  Grandma's deathbed.  And we didn't really talk then.
"I have an idea but we'll need to wait."  Ares sat on the ground and pulled his dark hood up to his face again.
Thon leaned against the opposite wall and said, "I'm jealous."
Without looking away, Ares said, "Of what?"
"You."  The Psilon turned briefly and Thon continued, "You still talk to your family.  I haven't in years."  Ares didn't respond.  "Darro was the closest thing I had to a father.  A real father, I mean."
Ares nodded and said, "I could see that.  He cared for you a great deal."
Ahljaela felt a sad warmth swell in him and said, "One bad night and I'm all that's left.  Everyone's either dead or in prison.  If you hadn't come when I called, Ares, I don't know what I'd be doing tonight."
"You never started a family?"
"No."  He lifted his hand and gestured toward a distant fire.  "Didn't seem right if this is what I did for a living."  Thon shook his head and said, "I'm not sure why I'm fighting at all."
The Olympian finally turned and looked at the de facto resistance leader.  His dark eyes pierced through him and Ares said, "You're not fighting for family or emotion.  You're fighting because it is right."
Ahljaela nodded.  "I know the list of crimes the Caesar committed."
"And you're not correct about one thing.  You are fighting for your family.  You told me so."
Thon sighed and said, "The family I didn't have.  I mean, I had them, but not really."  He looked up at the smoky dusk sky.  "My parents were almost in slave labor.  They were never there for me.  My grandmother tried, but her factory work," he scoffed, "it almost killed her every year.  I was sent to work at a datafarm when I was eleven.  I'm so stupid.  I mean, truly stupid, because I was never allowed to finish school.  I was sent to work."
Ares seemed to perk up at the sight of two Praetorians riding horses toward a nearby building.  They stopped by an out-of-order fountain and dismounted.
"The generations of my family who were forced into factory work or power plants or whatever just because the Caesar said so."  Ares began to stand and Thon turned toward the road.  "Some of them chose to fight.  I chose to fight."
Ares adjusted his satchel's strap and said, "Ready to choose again?"  Ahljaela nodded.  "Right or left?"
Thon looked toward the fountain and watched the two armored guards chat.  The one on the left was taller.  "I'll take the right."
Ares smiled and said, "Try to make it bloodless."
Quickly, the pair ran from the alley and then behind the horses, leaving the soldier on the other side.  Ares moved to the left and Thon to the right.  When Ares nodded, they both ducked around the horses and grabbed their targets.
The Psilon wrapped his beefy forearm around the throat of one Praetorian.  With four quick squeezes, his larynx was crushed, and he gasped for air on the cobblestones by the dry fountain.  Ahljaela managed to get a leather belt across the throat of his target, but the man was moving from side to side and trying to buck his attacker off.  Thon grunted as he tightened the strap and, finally, the Praetorian fell to his knees.  Now able to get a good foothold, the rebel pulled back on the belt again until the coughing went silent and the guard slumped over.
"Undress them, quickly."  Ares immediately threw off his hood and coat.  Thon followed suit and unbuckled the synthetic armor and belts of the Praetorian.  A sword, rifle, handgun, ammo clips, communicator, knife, and more flopped onto the stones loudly.  Ares looked around and saw no one.  He peeled off the man's dark royal blue pants and then unclipped the helmet.
A minute later, they stood, now looking like members of the Praetorian Guard.  Ares lifted the two bodies and rolled them over the edge and into the fountain.  He tossed his coat and hood on top of them.  Ahljaela tried to tighten his armor and Ares leaned over to help.
"Now what?" Thon asked.
The Psilon straightened up, adjusted his helmet's chin strap, and walked over to the horses.  "We ride."
It took Ahljaela a moment to get steady but then, once the creature found a good trot, he looked as though he belonged there.  
A checkpoint loomed ahead as the road winded up toward Viminal Square.  Ares leaned toward Thon and said, "Just salute when I do."  They rode on with no change in their pace.  Four Praetorians guarded the road ahead on foot and Ares brought his arm to his chest.  He puffed out his torso as best he could while riding and Ahljaela did the same.  The guard by the makeshift gate was about to stop them, but since the pair weren't slowing down, he stepped aside.
Soon the riders approached the Square and the high walls of the palace itself.  Ares and Thon slowed down and moved their horses to service paths around the perimeter of the building.  All along the walls, tribunes, consuls, servants, and more gathered to watch the war and the insurrection from afar.  They stood and gasped, pointing at the distant fires and smoke.  Ares looked ahead at the nearest watchtower and said, "Act natural."  
They rounded a corner under the tower, and all of Viminal Hill opened beneath them.  Wind howled around them, causing Thon to shiver.  On walls, he saw more people standing and gawking.  They rounded another corner under another watchtower and came face to face with pandemonium.
It was an area normally concealed by the palace walls in the Square.  Between government buildings, masses of people were ferrying trunks and boxes from the palace and throwing them into trucks and even construction equipment.  Whatever vehicles were available, obviously.  
Ahljaela stared at the dignitaries fleeing the doors screaming and carrying computers and papers.  A few people ran from the palace without shoes.  Large animals on leads were pulled from the emperor's menagerie and forced into cages.  The sight confused him and he was startled from his gaze as one of the beasts growled and was yanked away.  Thon turned and saw that Ares had dismounted and hitched his horse to a fence.  He did the same.
Once the strap was secure, Ahljaela looked up at the palace.  The marble walls were pristine white.  Ledges storeys above had beautifully carved images of Caesars long past.  Gold and silver lined the interiors of engraved letters.  Ares snapped his fingers and waved him over.  After another group of people ran from the building, they darted inside.
They bypassed the clamor and moved into a darkened and empty hallway.  There was a single light at the far end from an emergency battery.  Thon looked down at the tiled floor and then touched his belts.  His gun, knife, sword, ammo … it was all there.
"Now," he said, "where's the Caesar?"
CIII
CAESAR
1 Day Before the End

He opened his eyes.
He took a breath.
His lungs filled with air and his chest swelled.  After holding it for a few seconds, he began to feel his heart beating within.  Then he exhaled.
For the first time in a century and a half, Maxentius was alive.  
He struggled to sit upright in the pod that held his waiting body.  He sloshed in the gel and then clumsily pushed open the thin plastic lid.  He was still alone in bowels of the palace, of course, and the lights were flickering.  He tensed his arm and looked down to see the muscle flex.  Caesar smiled and slowly moved out of the canister.
The body's muscles were artificially toned but it had been so long since the emperor had to think about how to move in such a form.  His robot bodies functioned very differently.
The Caesar looked toward the corner and saw his last machine vessel, slumped in a chair with cables connecting it to the transfer system.  Gingerly, he walked over the cold floor.  Cold!  He was feeling cold through his feet.  He stood above the empty robot and looked at it.  Its metallic skin stayed in its usual flesh-like color and position.  Its plastic eyes were open and staring at the ceiling.  It had always been an idealized version of his adult self.  But now … Maxentius took another deep breath … now he was his adult self again.
A man of twenty-five years old.  Brown hair and hazel eyes.  Thin, tall, muscular.  He moved around the room, looking for a towel, before his eyes settled back on the robot.  He yanked its cape off and wiped himself down.  He shrugged and decided to strip the machine the rest of the way, putting its gray military uniform on.
The emperor walked out into the corridor and smiled.  His nose filled with scents he hadn't smelled in almost two centuries.  Subtle smells.  His robot bodies couldn't do subtlety.  His shoes clacked on the tiles toward the stairway and he bounded up them quickly.  After three flights, he began to feel winded and he laughed.  He stood at the top of a flight, holding a brass handrail.  The apparent young man remained there for nearly a minute, simply breathing.  And enjoying it.
An explosion in the distance grabbed his attention.  His smile vanished and he continued up the stairs again.  When he emerged on the main floor of his palace, the Caesar saw madness.
Senators, consuls, tribunes, and more were running up and down the halls, screaming.  They carried boxes, some leaving long trails of paper.  He turned and followed them for a while and found himself in a large ballroom, packed with people being herded by Praetorian Guards.  The emperor looked around the room and then turned to the right.  The large doors were opened and dozens crowded onto the balcony and looked toward the city.
It was a southerly view.  The Caesar sidled between a subconsul and a servant and placed his hand on the marble railing.  He squinted and looked into the distance as best he could.  The bulk of the city appeared to be on fire or at least wreathed in smoke.  High above, planes flew and carried out attacks on the approaching Cylon army.
A Praetorian approached him slowly and said, "My lord?"
Maxentius thought about ignoring him.  He thought about pretending to be just another human.  Then he remembered he was wearing the Caesar's uniform.  He turned and said, "Yes?"
The guard saluted.  He obviously wasn't sure this was the emperor until just now.  "Lord, General Barbus is waiting for you in the war room."
Caesar nodded and glanced again toward the city.  Anger swept through him and he stepped away.  He stalked through the ballroom past wailing patricians and senators and then into the corridor.  A minute or so later, he was in his conference room and saw Barbus standing on the balcony.
"Carry on," she said into a communicator.  She turned and saluted.  Caesar saw that she was wearing armor not unlike the Praetorian Guard.  It was dirty and her face was smudged with ash.  "Dominus, I have a status report."
The imperator nodded and said, "Proceed."
"Rebels have taken control of the lower hills and neighborhoods of the city.  They have set fires and have successfully fended off any attempts by my men to restore order."  She paused, waiting for a response, but the Caesar seemed distracted.  "There are … tens, if not hundreds of thousands of them.  They are rampaging and I cannot stop them."
"What about the Cylons?"
She glanced toward the large map on the wall.  Labels and decals had been placed on it in recent weeks to mark the movement of armies.  Now, the symbol for the Cylons seemed to have bred and their offspring dotted the world.
"The Port of Tiber has fallen.  Two legions are still fighting there in an effort to keep them contained.  Cylon legions are marching from both the north and south to Tiber.  They should be here within hours."
The Caesar clasped his hands behind his back and moved toward his large wooden throne.  "Their air force?"
"They've been held back for days.  We don't know why.  There are reports that they have been massing, but we don't know for what.  A couple of hours ago, I received word that many of their planes launched.  Their paths were erratic, so we can't say what their destinations are."
Maxentius' fingers danced along the antique laquer.  He found a small, smooth crack in the armrest.  His robot body put that there accidentally decades ago.  He mashed his fingertip into it and smiled at the feeling of every nuance of the split.
"My lord," Barbus said, "Tiber will fall."  She sighed and lowered her head.  "I have failed you."
The emperor turned and looked at her.  "No, you haven't.  You've fought as well as could be expected."
She seemed relieved but confused.  "Dominus, I don't undertstand."
Caesar walked from his dais toward the balcony.  He stepped outside and looked toward the distant plumes of smoke.  "Overwhelming odds, general."  He tapped his fingers on the rim of a tall vase.  "Those mobs have killed millions of optimates.  They've destroyed datafarms and power stations.  Millions of businessmen, senators, prefects … the patricians who transferred themselves … they're gone.  If they were lucky enough to be in their machine bodies when the Matrix went down, they will be without power soon enough."  Barbus didn't speak.  She looked toward the burning city in the same direction as the Caesar.  "My empire is falling."
The general looked down and meekly said, "What are your orders, lord?"
Maxentius turned toward her and asked, "Is the Phaethon Project's retaliation plan in place?"
"Yes, lord.  The long-range jets are ready to fly when you give the order."
He nodded.  "Send them up.  Tell them … they'll know when to carry out their mission."  Barbus saluted and began to walk away.  The imperator grabbed her arm and said, "When that's finished, you are free, general."  She furrowed her brow and tried to understand.  "You may flee or fight … or whatever you desire.  Do so with my gratitude."  Barbus saluted again and with more reverence.  Then, with a snap, she turned and stormed out.
Maxentius stood on the balcony for some time, listening to the commotion outside Viminal Square and within his own palace.  He shivered in the night's breeze, smiling again at the small reminders of his newly regained humanity.
He left the room and moved down the hall to some abandoned boxes.  Mostly paper there.  He turned to a chest and found money, papers, and computer panels.  The emperor kicked it and walked into the ballroom.  Many of the people there had gone but there were packages and cases left behind.  His footsteps echoed in the cavernous room as he walked across the floor to some baggage.  The first two contained women's clothes.  The third contained menswear.  He lifted it and walked back down the hall.
A few minutes later, Caesar Maxentius IX was wearing a plain brown suit.  He could have passed for any young man on the street.  He adjusted his collar and walked back to the balcony and stared again at Tiber aflame.  
To the east, beyond his vision, he heard the explosions of bombs.  The Cylon battle at the Port of Tiber was not going well, he guessed.  Cylons to the right of me, he thought, rebellion to the left of me.
Again, anger flashed inside him.  For more than three thousand years, as both republic and empire, Tiber stood.  For two hundred years, he ruled.  He had made Tiberia stronger and larger than ever.  So quickly … so very quickly, it's been taken from me.
He breathed deeply through his nose and winced at the sharpness of the cold night air inside of him.  He looked down at the throngs of people fleeing the palace and wondered if he could really blend in with them.  He could pass for any regular person, but that wasn't a guarantee of safety.  Not with the machines coming.  And the rebels.  Being in this suit, he'd be taken for a patty without a second thought.  He'd be dead then, too.  Maybe there's time to dirty it up.  I could pass then.
Behind him, the main doors to the chamber were thrown open.  Two Praetorian Guards cautiously walked inside and looked about.  Caesar turned and stared at them.  They stopped in their tracks and studied him.  Uneasy, the emperor asked, "What is it?
The smaller of the two guards stepped forward and removed his helmet.  In the dim light from outside, Caesar could see the man smile.  He dropped the helmet and said, "Your reckoning."
CIV
ZEUS
The Day of the End

"It's going to take some getting used to," Leto said through his wristband.  "But I'm fine."
"Good, good."  Zeus paced around in the corner of the warehouse.  "Sit tight.  Run some tests if you feel up to it or get bored."
"I will."  There was a long pause and then she said, "I love you."
Zeus smiled for a second and said, "I love you, too."
He walked out of the building and looked across the Gusa Shipyards.  A few large trucks and makeshift buildings were assembled in front of the hangars.  Just weeks ago, the parts of their two starships lay all over the place.
"Zeus," Poseidon said as he ran toward him, "Hades just got a call from some official.  He said we can expect a visit from the government soon."
He squinted and asked, "Why?"
"I have no idea."  Poseidon looked around and then asked, "How's Leto?"
"She's fine.  She got onboard a while ago."
"Hmm."  The brothers began to walk back toward the tents.  "Have you given any more thought to my idea?"
"Well, we've got seeds.  If Earth is devoid of usable plant life, we can start there."
"But animals," Poseidon said.  "Animals are as important to a planet's ecosystem and our survival as plants."
"I know," Zeus said.  "The journey will take months.  There's not enough time for us to gather everything we need to ferry a bunch of animals around."
"We could have cloned them, like I suggested …"
Zeus was becoming exasperated.  "We were on the run.  Constantly, it seemed.  Cloning horses and cows and sheep seemed to be low priority."
Poseidon nodded and then sighed.  "I miss those horses in Saban."  Zeus smiled.  "That farmer was always kind enough to let us go for a ride."
They ducked under the flap of a tent and saw several of their fellow Psilons gathered around a screen.  The signal was poor but the images were stark.
"Two more carrier fleets sunk off the coast of Tiberia," the reporter said.  Smoking hulks of metal were broken in two and falling beneath the waves.  "Meanwhile, on land, the Cylon forces pushed through the Caesar's lines south of Tiber and seem to be marching north right now."
After thousands of armed machines moved through a dead forest, a news anchor appeared and said, "We have word now of more Cylon attacks underway in Attica, Tyria, Thoria, Memfi, Gerzeh, and Badar."  Some of the Olympians gasped as the man kept repeating what was spoken into his earpiece.  "The battlefront in Erlitoun has expanded and now legions are moving toward the Huban border.  We're also receiving confirmation of the launch of dozens of long-range planes …"
"Turn it off," Zeus said.  "For now."
Hades pressed a button on the remote control and turned in his chair.  "Do you think the Cylons have atomics?"
Zeus inhaled and then shook his head.  "I don't know.  It's only been a few months since the Caesar's attack.  I wouldn't think they could create nuclear weapons in that short time …"
"We did," Arcas said.  Several of the Psilons lowered their heads.
Zeus looked down at the notepad in his hand and he began to speak softly.  "Aetos and the dartships are already on the Olympus and Lemuria, so we'll have to go up on different flights.  The resurrection pods have already been placed and we know which ship we're going to, right?"  Most of them nodded.  "The auto-clone systems?  Up and running?"
Metis glanced around and then said, "Yes.  The tests went well."
"Good."  She was looking for Hera, he thought.  They worked on those systems together.  
Hera left weeks ago.  She said then, "I need time to think.  Time away from you."  She drove off in a rented car.  Zeus watched her go and stood there at the gate for a long while until her dust cloud dissipated.  She hadn't called or sent any kind of message since.  
"The ships are ready," Zeus said.  "They're being charged now and that will take another week at the station, but we're ready."
Semele shook her head.  "Do we really have to leave?  Do we have to go to Earth?"
Zeus was about to speak when Bia said, "Zeus and I have discussed us taking the ships away from Larsa for a time.  Coming back later to see how things are."  She crossed her legs and said, "It depends on how things end with the Cylons."
"Correct."  Zeus scanned their dour faces and said, "It seems desperate because it is.  I am not excited to leave Larsa any more than any of you.  But," he motioned to the deactivated monitor, "things are not going well.  At all."
"Zeus," Arcas was by the entrance, holding the flap back.  "There's police outside."
He looked down at his tan shirt and saw dirt on it.  He brushed it a few times and then walked out.  He was greeted by a Huban man in a suit, holding a badge.
"I'm District Chief Inspector Qin with the Huban State Police," he said in heavily accented Attican.  "Mr. Zeus, we are here to take you and your people into custody."
Poseidon said, "What?"  Zeus turned and saw him and Arcas leaving the tent.  The police behind Qin readied their weapons and Zeus raised his hand to hold his people back.
"Wait, wait," he said.  More Psilons had exited the tent and were gathering behind Zeus.  "Why are we being arrested?"
"Not arrested, Mr. Zeus," Qin said.  "I have been ordered by the government to detain you."
"Why?"
"What's going on?"
"Can they do that?"
Zeus straightened up and spoke calmly, "Inspector Qin, we have been given permission by both the United Space Probe Agency and Huban's government to operate here in Gusa.  We just finished a major project for them.  Operation Preserve.  Have you heard of that?"
Qin looked back at his officers and said, "I'm aware of it, yes, but it is still classified."  
"Did the ships launch?  We haven't heard."
Qin sighed and said, "Yes.  Yesterday."
Zeus nodded and said, "If all is well, I don't know why we're being detained."
"All is not well." The inspector moved forward and said, "Cylons have invaded Huban.  They are not far away from here now.  They know you're here."
Arcas stepped forward and said, "How?"
"I do not know."  Qin motioned for his men to lower their weapons.  "I have been ordered to detain you and then take you to the border to turn you over to them."
Zeus raised his eyebrows and he pulled his head back.  Arcas scoffed and turned away.  Poseidon said, "You're frakking kidding me."
"My government has asked me to give you to them in exchange for them to halt their invasion."
Zeus licked his lips and said, "That won't work.  Cylons aren't invading just for me."
"Perhaps," Qin said.
"They want the technology we developed for our ships.  For Operation Preserve," Polemos said.  "They want to use it against us all."
Qin was frustrated and flailed his arms.  "I do not know their aims.  I know my orders.  Please, come with me.  Now."
Zeus inhaled deeply and looked at the faces of the Huban police.  There were about twenty of them and they carried handguns.  He looked back at his Olympians.  They were evenly matched, numerically, but Zeus believed his Psilons could take them in a fight.  Then a military truck rolled up.
An officer leapt from the cab and began yelling at Qin in Fengi.  A dozen soldiers left the rear of the vehicle carrying automatic weapons.
Arcas seemed to be reading Zeus' mind.  "So much for fighting back."
"Look, everyone," Zeus lifted his hands and continued, "we'll go with them.  We'll try to escape if the opportunity arises, but we'll go.  Peacefully."
"And what if we get handed over to the Cylons?" Metis asked.
Zeus lowered his head and thought, "Then … suicide is the best option."  Some of the others seemed stunned by this but he followed it up with, "Our backups are waiting in orbit, so it's just a shortcut, really."
"Mr. Zeus," Qin said.  "You need to go with the major here."  The scowling officer hung behind Qin and angrily waved the Olympians over.  Zeus looked at his people and nodded.  "I am sorry, Mr. Zeus."
He didn't look at the inspector again.  He just said, "Me too," and walked toward the waiting soldiers.  They produced plastic bands and tightly wrapped them around their wrists.  Some of the Psilons grunted and protested, but they didn't seem to care.
With his arms bound behind his back, Hades chuckled and said, "Isn't this just the sauce on the steak?"
Poseidon laughed and stumbled behind him.  Hermes asked, "What do you mean?"
"Humans," Hades answered.  "Wars, greed, selfishness …"
Zeus nodded and said, "Betrayal."
The soldiers pushed them to the rear of the truck and was preparing to put them inside when something happened.  The major's radio began to squawk and he was being yelled at in Fengi.  His eyes went wide and he ran to his soldiers and began to order them around.  Two men grabbed Hermes and tossed him into the transport.  Then they lifted Metis and Semele before doing the same.
"What's going on?" Dionysus asked.
Zeus answered, "I'm not sure."
As soon as he finished saying it he saw Poseidon looking toward the sky.  Zeus turned to follow his gaze and he heard the sound of a distant jet plane.  High above they saw twin vapor trails behind a single wedge-shaped aircraft.  It arced across the sky and attracted the attention of all the Olympians, soldiers, and police there on the tarmac.  Some of the soldiers began to mutter to themselves and make warding gestures in front of their bodies.
"Oh no," Bia said.  "They're praying."
Zeus' shoulders slumped and he looked at the ground.  A few of the Huban nearby dropped to their knees.  He looked toward his brothers and felt a sudden pain in his chest.  His throat tightened and he gave them a little nod.  Then Zeus looked at the rest of the Olympians.  Bia and Polemos seemed strong, but the others were unsure.  Zeus smiled at them all and nodded again.  "It's time."
Bia smiled and said, "We'll see you up there."
The plane was nearly on the opposite side of the sky when it finally happened.  A blinding flash to the east.  The light warmed their skin as though an oven door had been opened.  There was no sound.  At all.  Then their ears popped and the ground quaked with the roar of the detonation.  Zeus squinted and dared to look at the inferno.  An expanding white finger fueled by fire stretched into the sky.  Before he could fully appreciate the scale of what he saw, the shockwave reached the shipyards, blowing dust, trees, vehicles, and more across everything in sight.  The Psilons nearly fell and they braced their feet on the asphalt against the harsh wind.  The truck was knocked over, killing several of them.  Zeus saw Macaria, Ate, and Hephaestus get hit by debris from a building.  He fell to his knees and struggled to keep his eyes closed as dirt tore into his skin.  Then the heat came and burned anyone who remained.
CV
THE MESSENGERS
The Day of the End

It was, in a word, remarkable.
The being stood in the dimly lit marble room with the Caesar, a man whom he tried to influence more than a hundred years ago, and with Thon Ahljaela, a person whose family he had followed and guided for nearly as long.
So humble and meek were their beginnings, he thought.  And here he is.  Unbidden by me, he has come to this place in this hour to meet with the most powerful person on the planet.
"My reckoning?" Maxentius asked.
Ahljaela nodded.  "Your destiny."
The Caesar didn't answer.  He looked toward Ares and said, "And you?"
He shook his head and said, "I'm with him.  This is between you two."
The emperor sighed and clasped his hands behind himself.  "I don't know who you are.  You have come into my house like a thief.  An opportunist.  The world burns around us and you've come to … do what?"
"For the moment, talk."
Caesar looked at his throne and took a step toward it.  "Very well."  He cleared his throat and said, "So, who are you?"
The intruder stood straight and held his head high.  "I am Thon Ahljaela.  Son of a long line of workers for the Empire.  We have been at your mercy for generations."
The imperator nodded.  "And I've held you down for centuries, is that it?  I and my forefathers?"
Thon nodded once.  "Yes."
"Plebeians," Caesar muttered.  "You take and take from the Empire and you want more."  He saw the man become agitated, "Now, now.  It's not only plebeians.  The patricians, too.  They wanted their favors.  They wanted to extend their lives."  He shook his head and said, "Millions of them gone now."
"You're welcome."
Maxentius raised his eyebrows.  "Oh, so you're a terrorist, too?  Bombing datafarms and disabling the Matrix so the Transfers lose their way and vanish into the ether?"  Thon nodded.  "I see."  He glanced toward the window and sighed at the sight of a fire grown larger.  "Only now do I begin to feel the loss.  The loss of … millennia."  He turned from the chair and walked toward the window.
Ahljaela followed.  "What are you talking about?"
"The Empire, thief."  He put his hand on the glass.  It was cool to the touch, but he didn't smile at the sensation this time.  "For three thousand years, Tiberia was the greatest nation on the face of the world.  In all that time, people took and took.  Optimates.  Patricians.  They took.  You workers.  Farmers.  You took."  Caesar looked out the window and nodded toward the fires.  "Still taking."  He shook his head and spoke louder.  "None of you, none of them, can fathom its value.  The Empire is falling!  And none but I know its worth."  His throat seized and he felt tears welling in his eyes.  It had been so long since he cried … maybe he should now for the experience.
Thon shook his head.  "Millions of your people, your citizens, are dying.  Fighting and dying out there.  Some against Cylon invaders and the rest because they are hungry and desperate after many hard decades of … of you!"  He moved toward the balcony doors and made a fist.  "And you are upset because they don't recognize the value of the Empire?  That they don't understand the sacrifices you've made?'"
Maxentius thought and stared at billowing smoke.  "Yes."
"You're evil."
The Caesar smiled and said, "I don't think so."  An ornate clock on the far wall dinged.  They turned toward it and saw that it was now midnight.  
"No more lies," Ahljaela said.  "It's getting late."
"I haven't lied," Caesar said.  "Not to you.  Not to anyone for a while."
The Messenger moved toward Thon and saw that his mind was racing.  Part of him wanted to kill the Caesar now.  Another part wanted to rant before him and describe what life had been like under his thumb.  He was conflicted.
Ahljaela breathed deeply and he remembered.  Four years ago, the datafarm he destroyed.  The files he found on his family.  He remembered, briefly, the anger that swept through him.  Then he felt the relief.  The relief of knowledge.  The pride.  He knew what his family did and tried to do.  Those who worked, those who fought, those who conformed.  Mar, Rovil, Sado, Kana, Dovi, Rici, Thon.  The last Ahljaela was overwhelmed and fell to his knees.
The Caesar didn't notice.  Planes flew overheard and he watched them.  A patrol of Praetorians raced beneath him in Viminal Square.  An explosion on the Avantine Hill briefly illuminated the night.  He pounded on the door frame and screamed, "Why?!  Why is this happening?  Why now?"
Ahljaela looked up and said, softly, "Don't get excited."
"'Excited?'"  The emperor turned on his heel and looked down at the man.  "How can I not be 'excited' at a time such as this?"
Thon smiled and began to stand.  For the first time, he looked at the Caesar with pity.  "You're not evil."  The emperor's head twitched in surprise.  Ahljaela nodded and said, "Like many of them out there … like me for most of my life … you think life is some sort of prank played on you.  Opportunity is theirs now, so they're trying to be the prankster for a change.  You.  You were the prankster for two hundred years."
Maxentius still felt angry.  Warmth rose through him and washed in waves over his face.  But he knew the young man was right.  "I tried.  I was the emperor.  I tried to keep everything together."  He looked at the new fires and mumbled, "I wasn't the joker.  I was the joke."  He sighed and said, "Years and years, I struggled against the tide.  Nothing seemed to matter in the end."
Thon began to walk toward the Caesar.  With each step, he saw and heard another of his ancestors.  A tear fell over his cheek.  He felt their pains.  He saw their revolts and their acquiescence.  When Ahljaela reached the balcony doors, he saw that the emperor was weeping, too.  "We've both been through that.  I see it now."
The emperor nodded.  He saw sympathy in Thon's eyes.  He hadn't felt someone behold him in such a way for years.  Maxentius' torso was racked with an emotional spasm and he inhaled quickly to conceal it.  He put his hand on Ahljaela's shoulder and said, "Is this it?  Is this the end?"
The intruder looked toward the floor and said, "I don't know.  This … might not be our fate."
"Back to that destiny thing, eh?"  The Caesar smiled and said, "I made a bargain with destiny, you know.  Long ago."
Thon was confused and said, "What do you mean?"
"Before Tiberia invaded Strand.  My father, the Caesar, made my older brother the magister for that campaign."  He felt himself growing emotional again.  He paused and then powered through it.  "As the younger brother, I was probably never going to become the emperor.  I prayed for the opportunity to take his place.  I wasn't a believer or anything, but even the godless occasionally bargain with empty space from time to time, when they're alone.  I asked to get where I am now."
"In return for what?"
Maxentius shrugged and turned back to the view.  "I believe, in the face of this loss, I'm holding up my end."  He remembered Faustus and the relief he showed when his younger brother arrived to kick him out.  The emperor understood.  He felt guilty then, he still did, but at least he understood that look of relief.
The Caesar also remembered that curious hallucination of Faustus shortly before his death.  'Trying to shoot life into veins you don't even have anymore.'  Each time the emperor got a new body, he remembered that phrase.  He looked down and stroked his fresh fleshly arms.  He smiled.
A low-flying plane roared overhead.  They ducked and looked outside.  Another explosion lit a nearby hill.  Another fire raged in a nearby building.  The rampage was getting closer.  The Caesar began to move away from the window and he roughly moved his hand over his hair.  He approached the large conference table and a communications device on it screeched with static and yelling.  He picked it up and threw it against the floor.  The plastic and metal shattered and the room echoed with the twinkling of its parts across the marble.
Maxentius held his head back and stared at the ceiling.  Machine gun fire erupted outside and he shook his head.  "There's so much going on."  He couldn't turn off the inputs like he could with his robot body.  He couldn't disconnect from the Matrix or hide within it to escape.  Everything flooded him.  He rubbed his eyes and mumbled, "Too much confusion."  He leaned forward and braced his arms against the table.  After a heavy sigh, he said, "There is no relief."
Ahljaela stood back and watched the emperor dissolve before him.  He saw him as he was for the first time in many years.  A man.  Thon glanced toward the immobile Ares and then took a step toward the Caesar.  "I think … we'll leave and let you see the resolution of your bargain."
He looked up from the table and stared at Ahljaela, confused.  "Why?  Why come here," he motioned toward Thon's attire, "armed and disguised, just to leave me alone?"
"I was going to kill you," he answered.  "But then I saw you for what you really are."
Caesar almost asked, but he didn't want to know the answer.  Thon turned and began to leave.  Ares pulled himself from the wall and got ready to walk out, too.  Maxentius jogged toward them and spun Ahljaela around.  Ares tensed and the emperor asked, "Is there some way out of here?"
"For us, maybe."  Thon shrugged and added, "For you … I don't think you can run from this."
The Messenger was stunned.  Again, the humans had surprised him.  Mercy and pity overrode the anger and revenge this one had felt for years.  
Maxentius released Ahljaela and the pair exited the chamber.  The door quietly closed behind them and the room was deathly quiet.  There were distant, muffled booms and the occasional pops of gunfire.  The Caesar closed his eyes and ambled back toward the balcony.  After a moment, he opened the doors and walked out.
He glanced down at his suit.  It was a fair enough disguise.  He might be able to flee.  Perhaps not.  The sound of hooves on the Square's brick road drew his attention and he looked to the street.  Two riders departed the palace walls and rode south.  The intruders delayed his escape and unwittingly prevented it.  But that was fine.  They had given him a gift.  Acceptance.
With each blast of wind and the resulting chill that flowed through his body, the Caesar smiled.  Tears fell from his eyes and over his cheeks.  He stayed on the balcony and thought over his life.  He remembered his brother and again thought apologies to him.  He thought of his people, the smiling faces of millions who waved and cheered so heartily one hundred years ago at his triumph.  They were now out there, clamoring for justice.  Maxentius nodded.  He had ignored them for too long.  His new body growled in hunger.  He smiled at the sensation and decided to let it be.
Some time later, he watched the blinking lights of a Cylon bomber high above the city.  The gunfire came to a stop.  The yelling of the approaching mob ceased.  A harsh feeling of foreboding descended on him.  He knew it was the end.  The emperor wondered if he would feel heat from the device when it detonated, but his body was instantly vaporized in the blast.
Ahljaela and his Psilon companion were far away when that happened.  The Messenger remained with them and subtlely guided them away from the encroaching Cylon forces.  But the end was still near.
"What do we do?" Thon asked as he wheeled his horse around.  
They stared at the glowing cloud far away and Ares said, "We keep riding."  Their pace slowed and they headed for a port town.  A moment later, he asked, "How do you feel?"
Ahljaela seemed surprised by the question and he said, "What do you mean?"
"You let Caesar live.  He's certainly dead now, but you didn't kill him."
Thon nodded.  "I feel … good.  I feel satisfied.  It's hard to explain."
"I think I understand."
The Messenger again regarded Ahljaela with awe and pride.  Then the tender was filled with regret.  Another bomb was falling.  It would strike the nearby town and the duo would be killed.  As a last gift to this man who pleased the being so, the Messenger filled his mind with pleasant thoughts and memories and dulled his pain receptors.  The flash blinded them, but Thon was not burned.  Their horses threw them, but his neck was not broken.  A moment later, a blazing shockwave found them and then they were gone.

The Messenger stood and worried.  She was surrounded by imminent echoes of fire and destruction.  But they had not arrived yet.
"My God," Corol Gaber said.  "Please help us.  Please help us."
The former soldier lay wrapped in a blanket against the wall of an old house in Tyria.  She was surrounded by dozens of other people, soldiers and citizens alike.  A year ago, she lost an arm and a leg in a Cylon attack.  Her face was scarred and with her one good eye, she stared at the ceiling and prayed.
"Please help us."
The tender wept.  For her entire time on this world, she followed the line of the Gaber family.  Minah, Nami, Jarrek, Konnar, Jana, Cavim, Berrit, Sulina, Corol.  Here it would all end.  There was nothing she could do.
An explosion outside caused many of the patients to scream.  Cylons fought against the last vestiges of the human military and sprayed them with bullets.  Another explosion.
"Please help us."
The being knelt by her side and looked down into her eye.  Corol stared through her and skyward.  The invisible one held the other's hand and made soothing sounds only she could hear.  The woman was not calmed.
"Please help me."
The Messenger stared into her mind and saw only fear.  Her memories were of fleeing and fighting.  Her faith was present in them all but the being was disgusted at how little her convictions brought her true gains.
"Please."
The Cylons were outside.  The patients screamed again as the walls were permeated with bullets.  Men fell against the doors and were pulled away by the machines.  Three units entered and scanned the room.  They spoke wordlessly among themselves and raised their weapons.
"Please."
The being leaned over and whispered, "It is time.  You will be at peace."
She betrayed no emotion.  She gave no reaction.  After a moment, Corol said, "Thank you."
The Cylons quickly aimed and fired small bursts across the room.  More than forty people were hit in a few seconds.  The Messenger activated Gaber's best memories and released dopamine in her brain.  When the three bullets struck her chest, Corol was smiling and she did nothing more than blink in her deaththroes.  
The being remained in the empty shack.  Forty-two bodies surrounded her.  The Cylons had moved on to other places.  She looked down and beheld the face of Corol Gaber.  Pale and limp, coated with sweat.  One cheek was slightly upturned from her last moments alive which were, thankfully, pleasant despite her environs.
The Messenger stood and looked through the roof.  A Cylon plane was overhead and it loosed its payload.  The tender shook her head and she wept again.
"Futile," she said.
The bomb detonated at the heart of the city and the blast tore the building apart.  The fire from her echoes had finally arrived and all was lost.
From that burning landscape, she drifted.  For some time, she moved across the land and saw plume after plume of nuclear destruction sprout above cities.  Millions, then billions were dying.  This world, their mission, was lost.
The Messenger came to a place in the desert, away from the swelling clouds of plasma and flame.  It was dry and hot.  There was a breeze.  The sun was beginning to rise.
She felt weightless.  She felt hollow.  She felt dead.
For countless ages and on countless worlds, the tender had been placed by The One to shepherd the inhabitants.  To foster their survival so that they may choose.  Their free will caused their spiritual tree to grow and The One harvested it.  This was beyond even the Messengers' understanding, but The One desired it and The One had created them, so it was done.  But here, in this plane and on this planet, they failed.  The Messenger felt the weight of that loss and took action.
She summoned The One.

"What have you done?" the male tender appeared beside his companion almost instantly and was very agitated.
The female spoke dejectedly, saying, "What must be done.  It needs to be told of our failure."
Before the male could respond, The One arrived.
The beings were stunned still by its coming.  Light seemed to surround all that they could perceive.  A high-pitched hum filled their minds and all their senses became electric.  It spoke with its thoughts.  Not so much in a language as with communicated ideas.
"Why have you called me?"
The male remained motionless.  The female Messenger turned toward the warmest part of the light and began to speak in the manner they reserved for their reports to The One.  "Failure.  We have failed."
There was the slightest pause.  "No.  The tree burns but certain shoots have survived.  It will grow anew."
"Yes," the male said.  "We have managed to preserve a healthy sample of these beings."  He turned his focus toward the female and said, almost in a whisper, "The Draco is free and will return.  There is another ship, too, to my surprise, that will return.  All is well."
The despondent tender was not comforted.  "These beings are different from other seeds we have nurtured.  They have an awareness of you."
"Of me?"
"Yes," she answered.  "Many of them call you 'God.'"
"'God?'  How are they aware of me?"
"They are not," the male said.
"Not specifically, no," she continued.  "They have faith and hope in a creator deity.  One that guides the universe and answers pleas for aid."
"But I do no such thing.  I did not create these worlds, nor do I guide the universe or answer pleas."
"I understand, but this is what they believe."  Her spirit grew frenzied as she remembered the prayers of Corol Gaber.  So overwhelmed was she that she took on Corol's appearance.  "This gives them hope and strength."
"I do not care for this belief.  Or for this name."
The Messengers understood.
"You have not failed.  The tree still lives."
The male was ready to depart but the female tender was still in the midst of her despair.  She wailed with the voice of the last Gaber and spilled tears into the sand.  "Forgive me, but I cannot fathom all that we have witnessed.  I cannot keep it inside me!"  The One remained and listened.  "I feel their losses and their gains more fully."
"It seems unique to this plane and this world," the male said.
His companion continued and gazed deeply into the light, "I spent years upon years with whole branches of this world's tree.  Generations with beings who believed in you and praised your name despite all the ills that befell them."  Her visage shifted and her being became imbued with the memories of Minah Gaber.  "I cannot believe that our faith was for nought!"
"I heard no pleas.  I heard no praise."
"I know," she cried.
"But you did."
Was The One accusing her of failing to act?  She hesitated and spoke softly, "I did."
"You aided and guided them to the best of your ability."
Again, she said, "I did."
"And the tree of this world survives.  Damaged, but it survives."
For a moment, she was comforted, but anguish gnawed at her anew.  "But toward what end?  So many thousands are now lost forever!"  Minah lowered her face into her hands and continued, "They did not aid the growth of the tree.  We burned in its fires!"
Now, for the first time, the other Messenger was stirred to sympathy.  He moved toward her and said, "No.  I believe you are wrong."  She was surprised not only by his words but also by his demeanor.  "I, too, spent time with many generations of beings … I found something significant about them.  Something I had not anticipated."
The female listened and turned from The One to gaze into her companion.  "Go on."
"I guided and observed a line of beings that the rest would deem 'lowly.'  They were poor in many ways but they were not poor in spirit or perseverance.  Most noteworthy of all, I found that they contributed to the growth of the tree in unexpected ways.  Momentous ways."
His companion began to feel relief.  Her form returned to the blank energy of the Messenger.  Her emotions teetered on a brink and she urged, "Go on."
"For generations, these 'lowly' branches of the tree existed and at the end, its scion met with the single most influential branch that remained.  A century ago, I tried to guide and influence this being but he would not bend.  But this young man … he journeyed far and managed to do what I could not.  I had believed that fear was the greater motivator, moreso than faith.  But I beheld a man who had neither.  And he bent that branch."
The female pulled away and said, "Perhaps, but humanity still burns."
"You do not understand," the Messenger said.  "The influence did not matter at the end of all things, but our guidance did change the outcome of those branches.  Our guidance changed the growth of mankind."  The being held her close and said, "Our efforts have not been for nothing.  Even in its fire, the tree grew more than it would have due to our influence.  Because of our influence, the tree yet grows."  Now the male tender looked into The One's light and said, "I am profoundly affected by what I have witnessed.  I shall keep it with me 'til the end of all time.  If I can, I will use what I have learned to further the growth of all other trees here."
The female wept and said, "I am gladdened by this, but I remain saddened by the loss.  I am pained that their faith and thoughts are wasted."
The male knew not how to respond and withdrew from her.
The One, however, pulled her near.
"Come with me."
From the desert, the Messenger was removed and taken beyond the limits of that planet and her own abilities.  She saw Larsa, engulfed in fire and war, from high above.
"By your nature, you cannot perceive what I perceive when I look upon a world.  I will try to show you as much as you might comprehend."
She was cold and felt as though she was falling, but The One held her close.  The warmth of its light sated her and kept her from fear.
Larsa stretched before her and became a solid line, wrapping about its star.  In the distant past, in the distant future, the fires were gone and green returned to the world.
"I do not wish to know all, though I could see it if I desired it."  The Messenger grew dizzy from the motion of the globe.  "But I will show you why I have come here and why you have been placed here."
The whirling of the world dissolved and a singular glow emerged from the blackness of space.  The tender was fearful and clung tightly to The One's light.  She was safe and the glow grew brighter.  It reached toward them and sprites flew from the central stalk and began to wrap around them.  She stared in wonder at the glowing lines and watched them divide and divide again.  Soon, they were enmeshed in millions of divergent branches of light.  When she looked up, the light continued beyond her sight.
"I have seen the tree before, but never like this," she said.
"No, not like this."
Branches formed from other branches and moved around them.  Flowers blossomed, leaves unfurled, and the tree grew evermore.
"These are the decisions made by a free world.  A world of free, sentient minds.  For each being's choice, new possibilities emerge. New choices are made possible.  It is nigh an infinity of decisions.  Do you feel its power?"
In her fear, the Messenger had closed herself off to the light of the tree, but, slowly, she lowered her guard.  A cool breeze blew through her and she felt as though she were buoyed on a calm lake.  Only in The One's care had she felt anything as pleasing as this.  There was familiarity here, and power.  She stared as a thick branch moved toward her and smaller sticks grew from it.  Leaves sprouted near her and showered her in bursts of warmth.  A flower blossomed in her face and its beauty made her quake.
"This is how I perceive this world.  This is why you are here.  You guide these beings that they may yet live and may make new decisions and have new thoughts.  You guide the branches and help the tree grow.  This is precious to me.  Humanity is, therefore, precious to me.  I will return and harvest this energy at the end of this realm."
So enraptured was she by the glory of the tree that she did not respond.  The One sensed her ecstasy and decided to return her to her own plane.  In the desert, the male tender patiently awaited his companion.  When she was placed on the sandy floor again, he beheld a being far different than the one who left his side a moment ago.
"This world persists.  These beings persist.  Continue to shepherd them."
"We will," the male answered.
A moment later, the warming light of The One vanished from Larsa.
For a moment, the male was depressed at the loss of that presence, but he recovered and turned toward the female.  She smiled and still reeled in the pleasing mania of her voyage.
"Are you well?"
She paused and then turned to her companion.  "Very."
The Messenger was discomfited by her condition and said, "Were you shown the impact of our guidance?"
She nodded and said, "Oh, yes."
The beings began to drift from the desert and he asked, "And your earlier concerns?  Have you come to some conclusion on the matter?"
"Yes."  She thought and smiled.  She remembered the love that Minah Gaber and her children and her children's children felt and expressed.  She remembered the feelings of despair that were overcome with simple whisperings or quick thoughts.  She remembered the joy that they experienced at the mere mentioning or thought of his name.  And then she recalled her own elation and comfort felt in The One's presence.  The Messenger said, "God is love."
The male was confused by this.  He shook his head and said, "You know the nature of it.  You know The One does not have love, as we know it, for humans."  The light began to fade from her eyes and he added, "The faith you have employed is a tool."
Her reverie fell away and she said, "It is.  But my feelings remain."
Eager to change the subject at hand, the male tender turned his attention to the south and said, "The Draco is millennia away from returning.  There are many thousands who need guidance on the southern continent for now.  Shall we go?"
She nodded and began to move over the sea.  "Yes."
As they traveled, the male wondered again at his comrade's time with The One.  He turned to her and asked, "What do you have now that you lacked before its visit?"
She smiled and said, "I have hope."

END OF PRELUDE


IN COLONIES OF KOBOL: VOLUME ONE …

The exiles from Kobol settle on new worlds and set the stage for centuries of conflict …





PREFACE

In 2009 when I began to devise plans for the writing of Lords of Kobol, I created an Excel spreadsheet listing the various tidbits of ancient history we knew from Battlestar Galactica along the left side.  I then created two columns: Column A was labeled "Lords are Cylons" and Column B was labeled "Lords are Angels."  I then wrote little explanations for those events in accordance with whichever column.  In my mind, these were the only two options that seemed viable given all that we witnessed in the series.  
Obviously, I went with Column A for Books One, Two and Three (and Prelude).  That trilogy represents the closest telling of Kobol's ancient days in line with the TV shows because, on BSG, I believe there is a ratio at work between the "realistic" and the "supernatural."  Naturally, wired telephones, alcoholism, science … those are all realistic.  The "head" people that we sometimes saw, which turned out to be "messengers" of God … those were supernatural.  I casually estimate the percentage of realistic-versus-supernatural in BSG to be about ninety-five to five.  For Lords of Kobol to feel like part of that universe, in my mind, the ratio needed to be pretty close to that, or at least as close as possible.  That (and a few other things) ruled out making the Lords "angels."
I still had nagging thoughts, though, about making the Lords more "supernatural."  Some ideas were pretty cool and I was sorry I couldn't make them work in the trilogy.  Then, whilst reading J. R. R. Tolkien yet again, I thought of a way to make it read like it needed.  If this talk of messengers and angels and gods and God were all couched in a pseudo-ancient narrative, perhaps it would work.  I then sat down, started typing and here we are.
Though inspired by Tolkien and the King James Version of the Bible, fear not.  There aren't a bunch of "thees" and "thous" and "thines," though I did sneak in a "verily" and one "begat."  The syntax is a bit anachronistic, the language is a tad poetic and, most importantly, it all conspires to create in your mind a tale being told from ancient times.  I like the result a great deal.  
Don't get me wrong: the preceding trilogy (and Prelude) is the version that I would have be "canon," and should I get a pitch meeting with Ronald D. Moore and David Eick, that's the one I'm going with.*
If you've read the preceding books, first off, thank you.  Secondly, don't worry that I've just done a word substitution game, putting "angel" wherever the word "Cylon" was before.  Nope.  The very nature of the Lords' natures required that much more go into this.  Certainly, many events will play out in a specific way because we were given those details in the show.  (For example, spoiler spoiler, Athena still dies.)  But circumstances around even those supposedly set events have been changed for this version of the story.  It's a whole new take on what the ancient days of Kobol may have been like.  Sort of like an alternate universe companion novel to the first three.
So, please, curl up and enjoy this relatively brief diversion down a road not taken.  

* - If Mr. Moore and Mr. Eick, however, don't like my pitch based on Books One through Three, then I'll happily pitch this one.  Or some combination thereof.

Chapter 1

There came upon this swirl of suns and worlds an eye belonging to a being known as The One, and it sought through them all, though they numbered greater than grains of sand upon the shore.
Among the myriad, most were like unto each other and there was very little for The One to pay heed.  Its gaze paused for naught as there was naught to draw it.  And yet, near the end, there came a thing that caused an abeyance of its wandering.
As though lying upon the ground at the base of a tree, it peered upward.  It perceived that from this one speck a great trunk and branches did indeed stretch forward and through time.  It had found the goal of its search.
The One beheld the great plant and ruminated upon the many choices that were to be made, and the decisions that would follow those choices.  Countless possibilities lie ahead for this one world.  Nearly infinite, the will of life upon this rock would shape so much.
Thus was it excited.  The limbs stretched and grew forward.  Flowers blossomed at each turn and the paths were lined with leaves.  Amidst its survey, it saw that some branches came to tapered ends.  The tips wept with sickness.  Still, other limbs grew and The One kept searching.  Then did more branches end.  Thick, fiery tumors hung upon the boughs and they grew no more.  From the top of this world's tree where no vines reached, it looked back unto the beginning and was dismayed that none could go further.
The One scanned over the wood a second time and looked worriedly across the remainder of this collection of globes and stars.  It could descry no other Trees.  There were many "bushes," to be certain, as lesser life made their minor choices to eat that thing or drink that water, but these were not leaps.  With thinking life come great bounds in skill and in their choosing would the Trees flourish, for the free will of living, thoughtful beings watered them.  
Without Trees of its desire here, The One could not conceive of a reason for remaining within this realm.
As it was about to withdraw, a thought occurred to it.  It could intervene.
The One turned its attention from the world of interest and found another like it in size and design.  It was wreathed about with a spindly collection of branches which were the wispy vines wrought by the work of lesser beasts.  No higher beings would grow upon this world and therefore no great Tree would grow thick throughout the ages.  With a swift pinch, The One took seeds from the roots of the large but stunted Tree and deposited them upon the other globe.  Immediately, a great trunk extended from the speck and into the future.  Branches diverged and limbs reached into the darkness.  Flowers blossomed and leaves unfurled.  
The One was pleased.
Though the second was planted for insurance, it did note that this new sapling would also be deformed.  There, too, were many terminating branches atop it.  
The One reached out of the universe and into another plane.  There, it had groomed other such plants and a group of tenders had helped cultivate them through harsh winters and long droughts.
With whispered instructions, The One prepared to set these beings upon both worlds, but one of the beings spoke and bade its master listen.  It held court with The One and its fellow tenders.  It made a request.
The One agreed with its aide and placed all of the kindred beings upon the first world it had found.  Then it encased that planet for safekeeping and turned its mind and senses toward the second world.  There, The One would watch with interest while leaving the growth of the first Tree unto its creations and casting no thought toward its fate.  
The One would not interfere.  Not until it was time.
Chapter 2

A hunter named Gan traveled with his brother and some others of his tribe and gazed down from the rocks unto a pond, about which were gathered trespassers drinking its water.  The hunters were angered for similar intrusions in the past led to bloodshed.
The brother of Gan, named Gav, was impatient and itched for battle, asking, "Now?"
His brother, the leader, then held him at bay and studied the interlopers more carefully.  Seven there were; five men and two women.  The men bore spears while the women bore curved knives made of bone, the like of which Gan had not seen.  The cart they dragged with them was laden with furs and clay jars of food and thus did Gan deem these travelers wealthy.
Gan turned to his brother and the others, saying, "No harm is to come unto them unless they would attempt harm unto us."  At this was Gav dismayed.
Gan held aloft his fist and contracted his fingers thrice, signaling his fellows to depart their place of hiding and rush upon their targets.  With a cacophony of yells, the warriors ran the length of the slope unto the pond.  Gav quickly found footing and tightened his muscles that he may hurl his spear.  He paused for he felt the hairs upon his neck begin to stand.
Lightning struck the ground barely a step before him.
Gan turned unto his brother and saw that the younger man was stunned and cradling his ears.  His weapon lay upon the ground.  The leader turned back to face his foes and saw that they moved in haste toward their cart in a bid to escape.  One man, though, stayed by the pond and he raised his arm that he might also prepare to loose his spear.  Gan gripped the handle of his own club tightly and began to dash toward this person.
Again did lightning strike the ground.  The white flash struck near unto the pond and the stranger was sent backward and he fell into the water.
All of the combatants then halted their movements and looked into the sky.  The only clouds within sight were high and white, and there was no storm.  Gav recovered and plucked his spear from the grass, and readied to throw it.
"Halt."
The voice was heard from everything about them.  The attackers' eyes widened and they knelt upon the grass.  The intruders ceased their retreat and fell prostrate upon the ground.  Gan looked again toward the sky and beheld something that bent his mind.
The very fabric of the air above the water appeared to part.  The blueness of the sky tore asunder and a great man bathed in light stepped forward.  The gash sealed itself and yet the man did not move.  He hovered amidst the air and looked upon the people beneath him disapprovingly.
"You need not fight over water and land."
Again did the voice boom.  Gan's head felt weighed upon by many stones and he struggled to keep it aloft.  He desired to speak but he was stunned silent.  Almost without notice, the man lowered himself to the ground and walked from the pond toward the grass where the attackers still knelt.  As he neared, Gan felt a shock run through his body and he twitched uncontrollably for a moment.  He looked up and realized that this being was nearly twice his height.  Without thinking, Gan spoke a name he remembered from his childhood.  A name for a sky deity that a tribal elder had taught him.  "Djeus."
Chapter 3

In the cold, northern forests, winter had settled upon the land and its native creatures had long since begun their slumbers or their migrations.  One tribe there was, displaced from their homes in the nearby mountains, roaming these woods in search of food and warmth.  The men of the hills had come with arrows of fire and stone axes for throwing.  The village of these people was burned to cinders and they scattered across the valley.  Later, many of them gathered together and moved north, in hopes of beating winter in a rush to the sea.  In this they failed.
A tribal elder and father, Kurcé was hungry.  His sons wandered these woods with him for hours, looking for any mote of food.  They were to his right many steps away.  
The sun was obscured behind clouds and what little light remained was diffuse and poor for hunting.  Kurcé was about to turn back and whistle for his children when he heard a rustle in the brambles ahead.  He knelt quickly and squinted.  He waited.  There did not seem to be any movement and he readied himself to stand again.
A boar walked into the open.
Kurcé's mouth fell and his eyes studied the girth of the beast, for it was large.  He knew his kin could eat for days off its bones and he then brought the bow into position.  As his arms trembled, he pulled an arrow from his quiver and then slid the arrow's notch along the string, resting the shaft on his left thumb.  Kurcé pulled back slowly and he twisted his foot.  Doing this forced the snow beneath to press and make a sound.  The boar, without looking, began to run.  Kurcé was surprised and therefore released the arrow and knew he had missed.
Something strange happened next.
The arrow sailed among the trees toward the place where the boar had been.  A golden flash erupted from the left and moved into the clearing.  Before Kurcé could respond, a tall woman reached from the light and grasped the shaft of the arrow.  She turned upon her left foot, rotated in a nearly complete circle and pulled the arrow with her.  With a tremendous swing, she whipped the dart toward the sprinting animal.  The point drove into the wealth of flesh about the boar's neck and it fell into a mound of snow quickly reddened by the gushing of blood.
Kurcé was sore amazed and did not dare move.  The woman still glowed golden and she looked upon the dying beast and smiled.  She took only one step and now stood over the man, though she had been many paces away just before.  She gripped Kurcé's forearm and pulled him to his feet.  His once cold extremities now felt warm and a happiness swept over him the like of which he had not felt for weeks.
"That will feed a great many," the golden woman said.
Kurcé looked toward the boar for the first time since it fell.  He closed his mouth and his thoughts turned unto his family, for he could not conceive how he would explain this.
"Do not worry about them," she said.  "My brother is there now."

Beyond the woods in a small clearing, the women and children of the tribe communed.  The children were too tired and hungry to play.  They lay about the fire and watched the flames lick at wood.  The mothers had cut the last bundles of vegetables and scooped them into a stone bowl.  Their dinner cooked but the children were not excited.  They had eaten these grasses every day for a long while.  Meager and small birds provided the last meat they ate and that was some days ago.  No grain remained so there could be no cereal.
The sun set and the fire's light now overwhelmed the dim rays that made it through the clouds.  Embers glowed red and colored their dinner's steam.  The men had been gone for hours.  For another day, they wandered the trees looking for meat.  They would probably return without yet again.
A little girl's eyes grew heavy and she pulled her knees unto her chest.  The woven blanket was damp and did little to warm her.  She was tired.  Her shivering ceased and her eyes followed the dancing of the flames less.  Her lids fluttered as she slipped away, but before that, a golden light aroused her attention.  It was not the fire.
She looked from the camp and beheld a man sitting upon a log.  His skin seemed bright in the dwindling light and she did not understand how that could be.  She looked unto her mother and saw that she was busy cutting more grasses and roots and the children were turned the other way.  The girl stood and walked from the camp.
Slowly she approached the man.  He was hunched over something he fashioned in his lap.  Once she reached an arm's length, he turned and a grin stretched across his face.  "Greetings."
The girl was still tired and she did not respond.
The man put a hand upon her shoulder, stroked it twice and went back to his work.  The girl blinked quickly and realized she was no longer cold.  She was also no longer weary.
"What is your name?" he asked.
"Losa."
The man looked at her again and smiled.  His gaze did not drift and he did not move away.  After some moments, Losa smiled in response and he reached toward her head.  "You have lovely hair.  May I have a strand?"
Losa peered upward that she may see a wisp of her own hair, but she did not.  She paused and thought that the removing of a hair might pain her.
"I promise it will not hurt at all."
She did not speak and instead nodded her head.  The man gingerly lifted the end of one hair that lay upon her shoulder.  With a quick tug, it came free of the rest and he held it before her.  He pinched the top of the hair and then pulled at the wisp.  A second hair came away.  And then another.  Losa smiled broadly at the magic.  Rapidly, he pulled and pulled until dozens of long strands hung from his hand.  He lay them upon his thigh and took several at a time, twisting them until they grew thick.  He repeated this until he had five such strings made.
"You will like this," the man said as he tapped the girl's nose. He reached to his ankles and lifted the bow he had been working on earlier.  He ran his hands along its length and then bent it quickly.  Losa thought the wood would break, but it did not.  The man plucked the drawstring and it grew tight, and kept the bow in its new shape.  Then he took each of the five braided strings and looped them in the middle of the bow.  A few moments later, the man gracefully raked his fingers across the hairs and notes poured out.
Losa gasped with joy.  She sat on the ground, gazed upon him and begged, "Play a song."
He smiled and strummed the instrument.  He looked unto the camp and watched the other children rise from their slumber and the adults warily move toward them.  He strummed again.  The people continued in his direction and the children crowded upon the ground about Losa.  He placed a finger against each of the strings and tested the notes as he plucked them one by one.
"A song."  He looked across the faces of the people gathered.  They were bathed in his golden light and smiled despite their prior despair.  He tightened his grip upon the lyre and danced his fingers on the strings.  The notes spun away from the group and into the woods toward the happy returning hunters and everyone listened rapturously.
Chapter 4

Within a great cave in the mountains of the farthest south, a clan huddled for it was cold again.  The father, Muv, peered from the opening and down the jagged cliffs.  He then looked into the west and winced as the sun set behind the mountainside.
His woman grunted behind him and they mourned the loss of their only light.  His people huddled closer unto each other that they may enjoy some warmth.  Muv clutched his stick tightly and gazed among the rocks, seeking signs of bears.  When they climbed into these mountains a few days before, the beasts within these caves took the lives of three of their kindred.  The animals were dislodged and the travelers paused to remember their fallen.  They had made only the barest measure of progress, having moved from the western coasts and into these hills carrying a few satchels of fish.
Behind him, Muv heard a foot turn upon the rock floor.  He turned only a little, for he believed that one of his people shifted in their slumber.  A moment thereafter, light filled the cavern and the screams of his clan echoed.
"Do not fear," spake the plain looking man who sat upon a stone and placed flame within a pile of wood.  The wood was consumed and warmth poured forth.  The people ceased their recoil and gathered around as though they had not experienced it before.
"Surely you have seen this?" the man asked, to which Muv grunted in reply.  "Let us use words."
"No," Muv said.  "Not small.  White fire from the sky turned trees black.  Choking smoke."
"That is lightning," the being said.
Only now did Muv comprehend how large this person was and as he stepped nearer unto him, a calm welled within him and the leader felt no danger at all.
The man turned a stick and spread the flame further as he said, "This can be made with either wood or stones.  I will teach you."
Muv knelt beside the flame and smiled at his woman.  He felt gratitude toward the stranger yet he did not know how to express this.
"Thank you," the being said.  Muv understood and nodded.

In the morn, the clan descended the hills with their tall guest as guide and he directed them into a grass-filled valley where the being spread his hands across the tall stalks and waded among them.
"A glorious day," he said.  "We have found grain."  Then did he turn to the trees nearby and his person did flash from Muv's side and then under their branches.  He reappeared by Muv and the clan leader was amazed.  "We have also found fruit."
Muv seemed to have forgotten the magic the being displayed for his attention was drawn to the large orange globe.  "Fruit?" he said.
The man smiled and took the thing from Muv's hands and began to pick at it.  Soon, its skin splayed open and a juice erupted from its rind while he peeled it.  "The liquid is sweet and healthy.  The flesh is also.  But deeper within," he pulled out a section of the citrus and handed it to Muv, "there are seeds."
Muv sniffed the fruit's flesh and then gingerly tasted it.  He found it delightful and then did place it all within his mouth.  He took notice of the small shapes the stranger held in his palm and looked at them curiously.
"The green fields there," the being pointed away from the valley and to a plain near unto the trees.  "That is where we shall settle.  The lands here are bountiful and the soil is good for planting."  Muv appeared confused by the word and the man replied, "These seeds are placed within the ground and they bring forth trees which will bear more fruit."
"We can grow many trees," the leader said.
"Indeed," the being replied.  Muv tried to move within the tall grass and stumbled upon something near the ground.  He fell back and into the guest's arms.  Touching his flesh, Muv felt a tingle that ran from his back and all over his body.  At this was he afraid, but the being soothed him, saying, "Do not fear."
The group trod across the grasses and nigh unto the trees before settling in their shade.  "We shall stay here?" Muv asked.
"Yes.  For a time."  The people seemed pleased and then the stranger spoke further, saying, "Then we shall fashion things called boats and cross into the north upon the sea."
The people were confused again and Muv repeated, "'Cross the sea?'"  When the being smiled in reponse, Muv said, "You speak of many things we do not understand."
Then the man smiled and said, "You will in time.  I shall help you."
Chapter 5

In the far east amidst the arid dust fields far from river and stream, the tribes of men were violent and war like.  Should there befall a hardship or dispute between tribes or families, redress was sought within a battle arena.  Though no conflict necessarily exist, spears and swords became instruments of entertainment.
A small and agile man there was, named Ng'ela, who fought upon the field frequently and brought honor unto his house.  On this day, the lengthy vine he bore was thrown and its tendril wrapped about the leg of his mammoth opponent.  The crowd cheered at the maneuver and Ng'ela pulled the rope taut.  Spear in hand, the towering behemoth fell.  The bones encircling his head as a crown of death shattered and broke away.  Dust erupted from beneath his face and he groaned in pain.
The judge of the contest deemed it over and lifted Ng'ela's arm in victory.  He then moved from the area of combat whilst the audience continued their loud approvals.  However the fallen man, Jur, raised his spear and rolled onto his side.  As the victor basked in his triumph, the giant loosed the weapon and its point penetrated the leg of Ng'ela.
The victor then collapsed and did howl in agony for the point of the wooden shaft entered his thigh and now protruded from the front of his leg.  Amid the pain, Ng'ela deemed the sight odd and his cries subsided.  
Jur laughed and stood fully erect.  The large man was naked and dirt clung to the sweat-laden portion of his body that had lain upon the ground.  "I am not defeated!" he said loudly.
Ng'ela responded only just above a whisper, saying, "This is sport.  Not war."
"You are defeated," the judge said.  "I have deemed it so."  The gargantuan responded by striking the arbiter and sending him silently unto the dirt.
Then the ground began to shake.  The dishonorable mammoth ceased his advance and Ng'ela turned his sight from his own injuries.  Tiny gravel danced above the field as it quaked and the sky darkened as though a cloud passed before the sun, though none did.
Midway between the opponents, the ground rent and a fire-red light poured forth.  A roar came from beneath the surface and stung the ears of all.  Suddenly, a great being leapt from below and landed upon the cracked floor.  The tears sealed themselves but this animal of a man was still bathed in red light.  His scream continued and echoed in the surrounding valley.  Finally, he closed his mouth and straightened his spine and then it was seen that this new foe towered even above the cheating goliath.
Save for a tied boar's pelt, this being was naked.  He carried a disk that gleamed silver like the moon upon water.  He held a spear made of wood as dark as night with a gleaming point as golden as the midday sun.  His dark hair waved and ebbed though there was no wind.  With each breath, bright red blood flushed beneath the surface of his pale skin.
He looked from Ng'ela and then unto his opponent.  "You fight without honor."  The voice rumbled like thunder and made even Jur cower.
"I … I have never lost," he said, stuttering.
The being's eyebrows lifted and he said, "Never?"
"No."
The strange warrior knelt by Ng'ela and placed his large hand around the upper thigh.  As the pale fingers covered his dark skin, the pain subsided and feeling returned unto his leg.  When the being stood again, the spear was gone and his thigh bore no scar.
"My lord?" Ng'ela asked.
At this the tall man smiled.  "This is your sport?  You play at war?" he bellowed toward the crowd.  The few dozen spectators cheered with approval and he answered, "Then I take you for my people!"  Ng'ela knew not what this meant, but the assembled were roused again.
The warrior lifted his shield and spear high, crashing them upon each other and creating a splitting shriek with each collision.  He chanted and moved from one end of the audience to the other.  After several moments, the yell became a word and it was repeated wholeheartedly in return, "Fight!  Fight!  Fight!"
As this carried on for a time, Ng'ela's chest swelled and he felt the urge to attack again.  He looked at the large man and saw that he, too, was feeling encouraged by this new being's revelry.
"You!" the warrior said, interrupting his own rousing.  "Drop your weapon."
Jur's chin quivered but he complied, releasing his fingers from around the handle of his curved blade of bone.
"You," the being said unto Ng'ela.  The tone was vastly different and the once-wounded challenger felt emboldened to be addressed by this powerful … god.
He stuck the end of his ebony-shafted spear in the ground.  The golden point still glistened and it towered over Ng'ela's head.  "Yes, my lord?"
"Take this and claim victory."
All at once was Ng'ela confused and yet he understood.  In these games, death was not intended and maiming was to be avoided.  This god said the behemoth fought without honor.  Perhaps Ng'ela was to be the hand of divine punishment.
He reached out his hand for the black spear.  As his fingers touched it, it glowed red and gave off a great heat.  Ng'ela was surprised but fortified.  The god lifted his arms again and the crowd began to chant.  Ng'ela raised the weapon unto his shoulder and found that it was light.  He tested the weight of the point and looked across the field to his opponent.  The giant's face betrayed petrified fear yet he did not move, though his muscles flinched.
"Yes!" the god cried.  Ng'ela glanced at him and saw blood pumping through his chest in time to the rhythm of the crowd's chants.  He pulled his head back and his nostrils flared.  His eyelids fluttered as though he was in ecstasy.
Ng'ela looked to Jur again and then pulled back his arm and let the weapon fly.  A moment later, the golden point disappeared through the fighter's chest and the sable shaft stuck toward the sky.  The man stumbled back and wailed.  
Then the spear became alight.  An orange fire poured over the shaft's length and over the behemoth's body.  His screams became more shrill and pained.  Then he collapsed to his knees and the weapon was consumed by its own flame.  Now in a heap, the opponent's remains smoldered.
The god held out his hand and a fiery burst returned his spear.  He rang it upon his shield and the crowd erupted again.
Chapter 6

Three thousand people, clustered unto each other as families and tribes, moved as one south beside the mountains, then through a pass and north along the other side.  This host traveled slowly for the being that gathered all unto her was pleased by the company of her people and had no desire to rush.
"My goddess," said an elder among them.
Her diaphanous robe blew back and her feet touched upon the ground yet her movements were fluid.  The tall being did not appear to be walking.  A silver glow welled within her when she was near her people and she had walked with this mass for nearly three months.
"Yes, Leru?"
The older man bowed and did not look toward her eyes.  "The people grow weary for the sun will be setting in the west."
The being then turned toward the mountains upon her left and nodded, saying, "Very well.  We shall camp beneath those trees."
"Yes, my goddess."
Though the woman ceased the movements of her legs, her body drifted forward a few more steps.  She turned and her robe billowed to one side while her curled, bronze hair blew into the east.  She looked into the valley and beheld her people as they gathered their things and began their camp making at the edge of the foothills.
With a blink, the goddess vanished from that place and reappeared alongside thick-trunked trees above the travelers.  Her hands stroked the bark of the boughs and she cast her gaze unto the leaves.  Green and oblong they were and bulbous fruit dangled beneath.  She smiled and allowed the back of her left index finger to stroke the curve of the drupe before plucking it from its place.
She returned immediately beside Leru and lightly placed her hand upon his shoulder, "You must come with me."
He was stunned by her sudden appearance and stumbled to one side.  "Yes, my goddess.  At once."
She turned to her right and saw a man unloading his cart many steps away.  Immediately, she arrived at his side, as well.  "You are a farmer, yes?"
The tanned man lowered his dark, curly head and said in a stammer, "Yes, yes, goddess."
"Come with me."
The farmer heard this in his ears as though she still stood before him, yet when he lifted his eyes, he saw that she stood beneath the trees, bathed in her usual silver light.  He drew in breath and walked up the hill and met Leru half of the way.
"What does she require of me?" the farmer asked.
"What does she require of any of us?" Leru answered.
Several moments later, they stepped before her and bowed.  Leru was quite winded.
"Are you familiar with this tree?" she asked.
Both men studied the trunk, limbs and leaves.  The farmer spoke first, saying, "No, my goddess.  I have not seen its like in the valley whence we came."
Leru nodded.  "Nor I."
"Look upon its fruit," she said.  She held open her hand and a large green bulb was there.  
With some hesitation, the farmer removed it and held it aloft.  He pulled a small stone from his waist and sliced across the equator and sniffed the juices that spilled forth.  He tore it in half and tapped the pit within.  With the point of his stone, he scraped at the inner flesh and licked it.  The farmer smiled.  "We can make use of this, goddess."
"Yes, you can."  She touched the side of the swollen trunk and looked into the leaves again.  "You shall use it for it is precious to me."
Leru bowed.  "As you command, goddess."
"This tree is of the utmost importance to your kind."  Her voice remained constant in volume and tone though her form flitted from tree to tree along the hillside.  "The leaves aid in healing.  The fruit gives food and oils.  That oil can be used for a great many things."
"Such as, goddess?" Leru asked while turning his head from side to side, looking after her.
"Food, healing, bathing, lamps, …"
"What is a lamp, goddess?" the farmer asked.
She reappeared before him with a broad smile.  "I will teach you.  Do not worry."
That smile had blessed the wanderers for many days.  Seeing it filled them all with peace and warmth.  The farmer felt an energy welling within him for he was nigh unto its source.
"Gather leaves and fruit and boughs.  Carry them to the camp and I shall teach you about them more fully before we move north after the dawn.  About their planting, their harvesting and their uses."
The farmer bowed and moved toward the nearest tree.  Leru bowed also and he spoke, saying, "With your leave, goddess, I ask, what is our destination and when shall we arrive?"
For a moment, Leru espied the goddess in two forms: one next to him and one on a small hilltop beneath the encampment nearly half a league away.  She turned toward him and said, "Our host swells daily.  We shall have many thousands ere we reach the end."  Leru nodded and she continued, "We move north toward the city.  There you shall commune with your kin and I with mine."
Leru stared as though stricken.  "A 'city,' goddess?"  She smiled again.  "Your 'kin?'"
"Yes," she said.  "I am not alone."
Chapter 7

The twelfth of the great hosts arrived by the river in a break between mountains.  Their tongues differed and they attempted to converse, relaying their own tales of mustering and travel with the beings of light.  The beings were absent now.
At the highest peak north of the break, the tenders gathered in a singular point of brilliant, lustrous silver and gold enshrouded by the mists of clouds that broke upon the rock face.  They looked toward their charges and spoke to each other wordlessly in the most miniscule spaces of time.
"Many thousands have come."
"We are ready."
"The great molding shall commence."
The one called "Djeus" by his host thought of a missing companion and inquired, "Where is he?  You are like a brother unto him.  Ask after him."
One of the beings disintegrated and reintegrated presently.  "He is still in the southern lands, across the sea.  He has gathered the greatest of hosts."
"Why does he delay?"
"He did not answer me."
"We shall carry on without him."
"I see only darkness."
The leader of The One's creations studied the worried visage of his kin.  "Why are you vexed so?"
"My vision is blanketed.  My sensations are dulled."
"The One has willed it.  It was a condition of our charge."
"I see only death."  Tormented, the being's form shifted and moved from the peak.  In the clouds, it spoke to its fellows.  "My vision is blanketed.  I cannot abide this impairment."
"The One has encased the world.  The One has limited our power.  It was a condition of the Wager."
"I must flee the shell.  There, I may find freedom."
"Will The One reclaim you if you flee thus?"
"If it does not will my departure, oblivion will sate me."
"Four thousand, nine hundred, ninety-three revolutions remain," another being thought.  "I agree with him.  It has been torture, these few cycles."
"You gathered no host unto you," Djeus said.  "What has busied you this long?"
"I … awaited revelation.  Some handle to grip and sustain my balance.  I am blinded.  I cannot perceive beyond the now."
"Nor any of us."  Djeus paused.  "Will you flee also?"
"The world circles too slowly.  I cannot bear it."
"Then flee."  Djeus cast his attention away from them and toward the remainder of his tenders.  "You are likewise dejected."
Though light, one being's hands rested within the peak.  "I connect with the world.  With stone and soil and mountain."
"You would not flee?"
"I am comforted by the constancy of the globe.  The movement of its plates and the pushing of hills.  The pulsing of its fluid rock beneath the ground."
"And so you yet remain?"
"I do."  Her light flowed slowly into the hilltop.  "I shall fix my abode within the inner shell.  I am comforted by the world."
Djeus regarded the figures of mankind in the valley and foothills far below.  "We shall found our seat upon the land and among the people there."
"Shall we teach them how to sustain their lives and better themselves?"
"Yes.  We cannot waste more time.  We shall carry mankind forward and advance them as far as possible, as quickly as possible."
"I am worried over their cradling."
"They shall not be cradled," Djeus said.  "They shall be led."
"They are a beautiful and fascinating life."
Another being agreed, "We have tended many of The One's Trees, however I do not recall their like across the various planes."
"All life is sacred to The One and thus to us," Djeus said.  "All life is different and all beings we cultivate may decide their own fates.  This is our charge."
"And when shall we bestow knowledge of The One unto them?"
Djeus prepared to descend the mount.  "When the time is right.  For now, we play our parts and are elevated beyond our true place in their eyes."
The cluster of light drifted down the slope and unto the tribes below.  The people beheld the luminous orbs as they formed into towering men and women along the riverbank.  Nearly seventy thousand bowed at the sight.
Before he spoke unto the mass, Djeus thought to his companions, "There is work to be done."
Chapter 8

For days, the gods spoke unto the gathering of mankind.  Leaders of each host were collected and formed a council to relay commands from their new lords.  They served as liaisons, though they were largely impotent at the start for these beings ruled their fresh society on their own.
The gods themselves addressed the throngs.  Instructions were given and obeyed.  Before the eyes of humanity, the beings were clad in raiment they deemed natural for their forms and demeanors.  They paraded among their own hosts and issued commands as their dress shifted in the afternoon's breeze.  
For the leader of the tenders, the one named Djeus, he adored his tribe most of all and decreed that all tribes speak their tongue.  He stood twice a man's height, though that could change as he willed it.  He gave himself hair as white as the high clouds to show he was wise and to be honored.  The robe he chose to wear appeared white often, though it shifted in hue with his mood.  The stories of his first appearance spread most quickly of all.  A being that controlled the very stormfires of the heavens was one to be feared and obeyed.
His closest companion was named Hera, for she was a mighty leader and ripe for marriage, in the humans' eyes, to Djeus himself.  Her visage was stern but her attire cheerful.  Hera took unto her a group of brightly feathered birds from the southeast whence her tribe came.
The being who led hosts from the southern coast by the sea, gathering large villages of fishermen unto him, was named Poseidon by Djeus' people.  He bore the three-pronged staff used by his newfound worshippers and he wore their nets as a cape, fastened about his throat with a silver fish.
Ares was the name given to the warrior-god of the far east.  For Djeus' tribe, the word came from theirs meaning, "to fight," and this quality gave most of the hosts pause.  His flesh was as pale as night snow and he paced not unlike a caged beast.  Anger flashed over his face with little provocation and he encouraged his tribe to fight for sport.  His black hair was covered under a copper helm and he still carried the shield and spear he bore when he first appeared.  Ares tried to cajole his host into attacking others but another of the beings prevented it.
She was named Athena, for she was wise and skillful.  She was said to be cunning, for, in her host's march north, they encountered a lesser tribe along the way that were desirous only of bloodshed.  Her strategy saved all her own gathering and drew unto her all of the attacking survivors.  She brought with her the olive and its tree with its leaves and oil.  Farmers of every tribe were brought around to learn about this plant in full and to use it in their new homes.  Athena herself remained as she initially appeared with a flowing white robe and long, curled bronze hair.  
Dark of skin despite a golden light that glowed within, Hephaestus stood still upon a rockface and identified stones and minerals for his people to gather.  He carried a long-handled hammer and leaned upon it often as though he were lame.  With his help, the tribes found marble for foundations and hewed great trees for walls. 
The one who drew the most attention was the female form of the one named Aphrodite, so named because of her radiance that rose from the sea as she appeared to her tribe in the west.  Her skin was olive and her hair black as the starless night.  To the unfocused eye, she wore no robe and the features of her body distracted all from their work raising the city.  By her nature, she was drawn to the thoughts of lovers and the passions they felt.  At night, she appeared, invisible, within the tents of couples as they lay with each other.  She watched and was intrigued.
The pair who would not be separated were called twins by the hosts.  Apollo and Artemis they were named and their grateful tribe from the north swelled in size, both in number and in girth, thanks to their skills with the bow.  Apollo's radiance persisted and flowed with the notes that emanated from his instruments.  Artemis was more withdrawn than her brother and preferred to speak with animals as they traveled the lands.  She brought a great many within their host that she had turned by her words into beasts fit for husbandry.
Demeter was a matronly being whose people were nigh feral in the foothills of mountains before great rolling plains.  She carried a hollow wooden horn that she had filled with wild grain from the fields.  The grunting men and women who descended the rocks were amazed by her skill in using stones to grind grain and make flour.  For weeks she taught them about the cereal and showed them how to make bread.  In the years of their travels, her host advanced the most, taking up a complex tongue and developing new uses for wild foods they found along the way.
The slight, youthful one who taught shepherding to his people from the far northeast was named Hermes.  He was considered by other tribes as a messenger for he was skilled with all tongues and helped each host speak to the other in the early days of the city.  In this manner, he helped begin the practice of bartering among the tribes.  He wore a simple loin cloth, though it had feathers about the waist.  Hermes carried a white staff with a small golden globe atop it that he used to prod animals and sometimes people along.
Dionysus was youthful in appearance and his host was last to arrive.  They were waylaid often with carousal and what some would consider debauchery.  He found fermented fruit and presented it to each tribe he encountered as a gift.  So enamored with his endowment were they that all people followed and sought to make such drink on their own.  At one such celebration, Dionysus' tribe was met by another host from the north being led by the tender Hestia.  She was a quiet being who led her people with a flaming torch, for fire was unknown to them before her arrival.  Her demure nature was no match for the festive demeanor of Dionysus, therefore much of her tribe sought to remain and revel with his.  She acquiesced and the hosts were merged.  Dionysus led the swelled tribe as one and Hestia moved with them as a diminished power.
Other tenders moved among the people as their city was built.  They made no show of their arrivals and sought only to observe for a brief time before moving on.  One was named Atlas.  He resided atop a mountain on an isle far away and was said to watch and uphold the heavens above, though in reality he studied the capsule that The One placed about the world.  It was said that Atlas had a companion not unlike a brother who was contemplative and bided his time in the south.  He was named Prometheus.
Some among the people were told that another being lived within the world, seeking comfort in its stone and soil.  She was called Gaia, for that was a word one of the hosts had for "soil" and the name pleased the ears of the tenders.
Another moved within the city at night and was sighted in houses of healing wherein a body lay dying.  His countenance was fell and gaunt and he carried a tall staff of dark, gnarled wood.  He spoke to none and inspired fear in those that beheld him.  He was named Hades.  Those who heard stories of his coming and going were hopeful that they would not see him.
In the tongue of the tribe that Djeus loved, the world was named "Kobol."  Thus, the beings of light declared themselves "The Lords of Kobol," and the people rejoiced at their fortune.
Chapter 9

After many weeks of toil, the people and tenders raised a village to call home.  It was named "City of the Gods" by both the gods and their followers.
It sat upon a river beneath the mountain of the Lords' meeting.  Many thousands labored to create homes and markets.  Two years later, the effort was declared complete.
As other tribes struggled to learn the tongue of the Lords' leader, his name became corrupted and slurred into "Zeus."  The leader of the tenders did not mind for he was grateful at the adoration bestowed upon him and his kind.  A similar thing happened to the name of the mount upon which the gods communed.  A tribe was unable to say the original name, but Athena liked the new word better, and thus was it called "Olympus."
Along the bank of the river, Zeus arrayed his fellow lords to address the gathered multitudes.  The city of wood and stone stood fresh and clean behind him.  Fields of green lay before him toward a mountain range in the southwest.  He envisioned a future when all he surveyed could be filled with people.
"My beloved," he said.  His speech, regardless of volume, was heard by all.  "For years have we all desired to gather in this place and create a home wherein we may all dwell in happiness.  There shall always be food.  There shall always be healing.  There shall always be pleasure.  There shall always be safety.  There shall always be peace."
At this, the Lord Ares was upset.  He complained unto Zeus in a blink, saying, "You would remove the thing for which I exist?  Ever have I strived to bring malice to the worlds we visit.  Ever have I strained to create discord.  I am the fire in which life is tempered and made stronger.  Without my help, this blade you forge may snap."
Zeus spoke unto him likewise without humanity's knowledge, "You are correct.  Your efforts will be lessened but your presence will still be needed."
Ares remained resentful though he did not protest further.
Zeus continued addressing the citizens, saying, "We shall walk among you.  We shall feast with you.  We shall love you, our people, for all time."  The subjects cheered.  "We, the Lords of Kobol, shall reside and meet upon the mountain Olympus."  He gestured behind him to the tallest peak.  "If in times of peril you feel that we are not with you, look to that point.  We shall be there."
Demeter stepped forward, producing her horn filled with golden grain.  Athena stood beside her, holding a bough of the olive tree.  Demeter spoke, saying, "In the fields to the west and south of the city we will expand our farms.  An abundance of food we will prepare that we might fill all your stomachs and those of your kindred across the lands."
Poseidon held aloft his trident and removed his cape, holding it high also.  "We will craft boats to sail upon the seas and reap the bounty that lies beneath the waves."
Dionysus held a large chalice and spoke, "The fruit of the vine shall give you comfort and warmth after a long day's toil!"  The host that he brought remembered the ways of the journey and rejoiced loudly.
Artemis led forth two animals and softly said, "The animals of the wild shall be yours for slaughter, for milk, for travel and for burden-carrying.  They will obey you for I shall give you mastery over them."
Her brother, Apollo, brought forth his lyre, strumming it and singing, "Gods and men alike, hear my song, both day and night.  Happiness shall we sow, across the land, in the sun and snow.  Your prayers the Lords will hear, with music, to draw all near."  
The crowd fell into a swoon in the hearing of Apollo's song and voice.  They were roused by the clanging of Hephaestus' hammer upon a block of marble.  "Pleased, though all we Lords are in the accomplishments you have made thus far, we will not bear stagnation.  With the hammer and the chisel and the saw and other tools besides, I will bring you up from what you know and now behold as great and into ages of ability that your minds cannot yet comprehend."  Many assembled were confused and knew not what the god was saying, and this pleased Hephaestus.
Hera and Aphrodite both moved forward and held aloft their hands.  To the crowds, Aphrodite beamed and Hera appeared to be in a scowl, though next to Aphrodite, any expression may be seen as lacking in beauty.  Hera spoke first, saying, "Among you thousands, half are women.  Many tribes treat your mothers and daughters and sisters like unto beasts, as if Artemis handed you their leads.  Women are the mothers of all and in them greater strength can be found than has been seen in your greatest warriors."  At this, the women in the hosts held their heads high and many of their men felt shame.
Aphrodite then spoke with lilting tones that lifted every eye to hers, "The most important feeling within your bosoms is that of love.  With it, the slightest among you may move great boulders.  Without it, the stoutest may wilt and perish.  This world will know no great things without love.  We give it to you and we ask for it in return and that you give it freely to each other."
"The City of the Gods is finished," said Hermes.  "The work is not.  There are many tribes across the wide lands that did not join our hosts and do not know our names and ways."  He held forth his hand and Artemis guided a sturdy horse to his side.  "I will gather unto me people willing to spread the word of the gods so that we might bring more into the fold.  The City will swell and so will the people of Kobol."
Upon the marble stone that Hephaestus struck, Hestia placed the end of her torch.  The flame leapt from one to the other, burning upon the small pillar though no fuel was there to consume.  "We, the Lords of Kobol, hallow this land and your homes.  Go now and be blessed, doing the will of the gods."
As the people departed, the gods and their human liaisons chose among them emissaries to send into the world.  A group was chosen from each of the twelve hosts that converged upon the break in the mountains.  As this was done, Zeus peered into the minds of each agent from each host and chose for them names for the tribes, based upon the symbols and manners of their people.  With Zeus' blessing, Hermes counseled them and the messengers rode forth.
Chapter 10

For centuries did Prometheus work in the southern continent.  Repeatedly he had been entreatied by his brother, Atlas, to bring his host north so that they may join the tribes there.  Prometheus refused, saying his work was not yet done.
Farms and villages emerged in the plains and along the river where he first set his people down, and the settlement was named Panopeus.  They grew many foods, tended much livestock and built buildings.  Mills they did erect to grind grain into flour.  Stones and metals they gathered from the near mountains and streams.  Forges they fired to melt and mold them.  In mere decades, Prometheus' host was larger than any one of the twelve in the north, numbering tens of thousands, and they were the most hardy of all, for their technology gave them the high ground above weather and adversity.
In one manner did Prometheus deem his tribe yet weak: life itself.  The power within each person he found lacking.  Though a man or woman was strong in spirit, their bodies did not last more than sixty or so cycles about the sun.  For this, Prometheus was grieved.
On seeing the death of the first leader of his host, Muv, Prometheus moved into the north briefly to call upon Hades, the being he knew to be acquainted with such matters.  The God of the Underworld, as the northern tribes knew him, came south with Prometheus to speak and observe.
"In other worlds," Prometheus said as Hades watched the slow, heaving chest of a dying gray-mantled man, "we saw lives that extended far along the growth of the Trees."
Hades nodded.  "The One was able to harvest much from their contributions."
"Not so with these," Prometheus said, sadly.  "They are akin to flies.  In the great span of time, their lives are so short."
"Still, they influence growth.  Their ends influence growth, too."
Prometheus was confused.  "In what manner?"
Hades looked north as he spoke, "I have witnessed it among the great host that has gathered.  Because each person is loved by at least a few, their lives continue on in their survivors' memories.  They influence the growth of the Tree even after their deaths."
"This I had not considered."
"Indeed."  Hades knelt by the bed of the man and watched his chest swell the final time.  "This man, though.  He has none by his side?"
"No," Prometheus said.  "He was unknown to most and outlived the family he brought with him."
"His part in the growth will be small."  Hades stood and leaned upon his staff.  "It is important that the people move among themselves and connect with each other.  In this way, all are strengthened."
Prometheus heard but he asked, while staring at the dead man, "Why are you drawn to their ends?"
Hades shrugged, "It is my part.  I observe the termination of their lives to perceive what carries on in others.  How the one who has passed affects those who remain.  In other planes when death was not so common, I had other duties.  Here, though," he leaned forward and closed the man's eyelids, "I sense I shall be consumed with this work."
Decades later, still saddened by the deaths of so many among them, Prometheus knew that his host's time was short.  Though its numbers swelled, the being despaired over the loss of so much knowledge and wisdom, as well as the departure of good people.  He decided the time had come for his tribe to ready for their journey north to join with their kin.
"You have done amazing works in so short a time," he said, addressing them from a wooden platform.  "There are smithies among us who make great tools and fashion beautiful art.  Weavers who make our clothes.  Farmers who grow our food.  Teachers who instruct our children in language and in the ways of life.  Truly, this is a great people."
The tribe was pleased and shouted praises to Prometheus' name.  He held his hands forth, swatting the compliments from the air.
"No, no.  You have done this work and I have only aided your efforts."  The people lowered their heads in respect.  "Our people will continue to grow and we shall always have a presence here in the south, but the time has come for our journey north to meet our brothers and sisters gathered there."
There were whispered voices and many were concerned.  The leader of the people, Deucalion, stepped forth and lowered his head.  "My lord, we are glad to make the journey but we are afraid for this land is all that we have known."
Prometheus nodded and pulled the man onto the platform with him.  "I understand your worries, Deucalion.  You should not fear.  The journey will be long but we shall see sights you have not yet dreamed.  We will eat foods you have not yet tasted.  We will meet, at long last, my brothers and sisters that live there and guide your kin."
Though many were still wary, they lowered their heads in respect. 
"A portion shall remain," Prometheus continued.  "But the greater part shall walk with me."
Moved by the being's speech, a man yelled out, "I will go, my lord!"
"And I!" said another.  In the crowd, many more called out likewise.
Prometheus smiled and raised his right hand.  "Then you shall come.  Many will stay and continue to water the Great Tree in Panopeus, but the remainder will follow and gather harvest for The One as we go."
And the assemblage responded mightily, "So say we all!"
Chapter 11

As Prometheus toiled in the south in the years before his tribe began their journey, the Lords of Kobol in the north adjusted to life so near their subjects.
Apollo dwelled among them, teaching them music and the arts of healing using herbs and salves.  Artemis taught them hunting.  Hera blessed families and wed couples.  Poseidon built vessels and hallowed them for the sea.  Hephaestus constructed forges and factories to produce materials for building.  Ares assuaged his perceived hurt and taught the people aggressive sport. 
Zeus began to fall into the trap that would finally ensnare him.  In the beginning days of the City, the leader of the tenders moved among the people freely and openly in a form that pleased their eyes and gave forth a welcoming aura.  In this was he comforted, for in the many ages of service to The One, the tenders ever would remain concealed and speak their encouragements unto the select beings that may aid the growth of their world's Tree.  This is why he devised the Wager, that his kind's abilities may be explored and their work more evident.
With his movements, great crowds were drawn and as the people were succored by his radiance, Zeus was succored in their revelry.  He used his talents to produce great illusions and fires that lit the night sky.  Beasts he conjured from nothingness and the altering of the land about him likewise entertained the masses.  After many weeks did Zeus desire only to live with the people that they may be always an audience for him.
In this would he soon be satisfied for the people took upon themselves the task of creating a great structure, built with tremendous slabs of marble and rising higher than any other structure within the City.  They called it a temple and it was the first such building dedicated unto a tender on all of Kobol.  Zeus swelled with pride at its unveiling.  He drew all the people of the City unto him and even some of the Lords, who later desired such temples of their own.
"With this act," Zeus said, "you have demonstrated to me your love and honor.  You have also said unto me that you wish for my presence and in this I shall not disappoint."  The people rejoiced and a feast was had.  Birds were loosed, music was played and at the event's culmination, a great bull was led forth from the farms without the City and placed upon a golden pan.  Its throat was slit and the beast was then consumed by fire and its ashes preserved until the fall of Kobol five millennia hence.
When he beheld the sacrifice, Zeus knew in his mind that this was a remaining trope of their pagan ways.  Yet Zeus felt humbled by the sacrifice for he understood its weight and meaning within his heart.  Forever was he receptive of such gifts and he returned unto the people great joy and easements of their burdens.
It was Aphrodite, though, whose interests held the fates of nearly all her kind.  She continued her stealthy watch over passionate couples as they lay in bed.  She fed off their emotions and the energies that comingled within bodies and minds.  After a time, she grew hungry for more.
Seeking the lustful fervor that humans shared daily, Aphrodite approached Ares.  This was the only god that she perceived to have the same ardor within, though his fire burned for war and rage and not physical love.  
"I have found an ecstasy within mankind that may please you," she said to him.
Ares was doubtful, "I have only sought violence and the stirrings that spilled blood raise."
"This I know," Aphrodite said as she moved closer to him.  "Zeus has commanded that you divert your thirsts."  At this Ares' face again betrayed displeasure.  "What I have found may appease you."
Doubting still, Ares acquiesced and Aphrodite blended her light with his.  For days and nights upon Olympus, the two Lords glowed together though no such duplication of man's passion could be found.  
It was Aphrodite who was the more angered.  "I have watched as man entered woman and man entered man and woman entered woman.  I felt the swelling of their hearts and their rush of energies in their minds.  How can we, as gods unto them, not experience the same?"
Ares found her frustration amusing and chuckled at her disappointment.  "Perhaps Zeus is withholding a passion from you as well."
She was not pleased and she took Ares by the hand.  Leading him, they moved imperceptibly down the mountain and into the City as the sun set in the west.  There, within a wooden hut, Aphrodite found a husband copulating with his wife.  They were young and had no children.  Like a fresh stream of air to a smothered beast, Aphrodite inhaled their mutual exaltation and was hungered the more.  An idea occurred to her.
"Let us move into them so that we might feel as they feel.  We shall use them as great steeds, bounding upon the plains, luxuriating in the journey until they are utterly spent."
As Ares watched the duo unawares, he saw within their expressions the pleased agonies he enjoyed in the arena.  He could see that there was pain and that pleasure was derived from it.  For the first time, he saw the wisdom in Aphrodite's desire.  Without a word, he consented and moved into the body of the man.  Encouraged and elated, Aphrodite moved her spirit into the woman.
The husband and wife knew not what happened.  Their waking minds were pushed aside as the gods used their flesh.  For a time, the deities did not know what to do though their bodies were already intertwined.  Upon his first thrust within Aphrodite's costume, Ares felt the sweeping pleasure that moved from his loins and throughout his body.  His mind reeled and his light nearly fell from the man's being.  He recovered and moved again.
Aphrodite, likewise, was bewildered at the sensations.  She gripped the man about the waist and pulled him deeper within the woman she inhabited, again and again.  Each pressing brought her the fevered satisfaction she had long desired.  
After a time, Ares felt a swelling within his body.  It encouraged him further and he drove harder.  There seemed to be a struggle to continue, thus Ares poured his will into the action.  A moment later, the body he had taken spilled its seed within the woman and Ares was weakened.  His light dimmed and he again nearly fell from the flesh.
The woman spoke in echoes of Aphrodite, "Do not halt yet.  The passions swirl within yet I have not reached their end."
Ares' felt that the body he bore was exhausted and yet he wished to pursue that pleasure more.  He again poured himself and his will into the act and plunged again into the woman's body.  Aphrodite verbalized her ecstasy and prodded Ares further.  Again, Ares felt the swelling and he again bolstered his will within that flesh.  As seed was spilled, Ares willed himself to stay within the man while the body that Aphrodite inhabited quivered and shook.  Her spirit left the body and the dim light drifted from the home aimlessly.  Ares saw this and retreated as well.  The couple they used collapsed in their bed and fell into a deep sleep.  
In the setting sun – for the two gods coupled an entire day – Ares found Aphrodite's weak glow and he moved within it to revive her.  She awakened and resumed her usual raiment.  Her face glowed brighter than the norm and she said, "We must do this again."
Excited by the passions he felt, Ares was cautious.  "We entered them with the intention of using their bodies until they were utterly spent, but, lo, it was we, the Lords, who were nearly spent.  Twice I nearly fell from the man and at copulation's end, your spirit fell from the woman.  Your flare was cast adrift and dreadfully weakened."
At this Ares paused and lifted his hands.  The being felt the weight of his own non-body for the first time.  "Something has changed."
"Yes," Aphrodite responded.  "In bringing about the climax, I concentrated my being and poured it within her body.  I feel lighter … and yet more laden."
Ares withdrew from her, shaking his head, "I cannot do this again and not know to what end this affects me."
Aphrodite understood, yet she was sorely disappointed.
Some months later, as the Lords went about their business in the temples, in the fields, in homes and atop mountains, they heard something new enter the world.
"Behold," Zeus said.  He drew unto him all of the gods that would come.  Gaia remained within Kobol, Atlas upon Atlantis and Prometheus in the south, but the remainder of their kind lit upon the peak of Mount Olympus.  "Something has occurred that we have not before perceived.  Has one of our kind returned?"
"A tender?" Hera asked.  "I sensed the departure of our brothers at the first gathering of the hosts yet it is not their presence I feel now."
Poseidon cast his eyes toward the City and said, "Let us cloak ourselves and seek this new thing out.  If it is like unto us, then we should gather it unto us."
Zeus agreed and the gods hid their lights, descended the mountain and moved into the City.  They came before the door of a house of healing and Hades visage, not obscured from the other Lords, was delighted.
"I have no part in this," he spoke as he pulled away from the group.  "It is the opposite of my works."
The gods moved within the structure and both Aphrodite and Ares felt a weight upon their forms, the like of which they had not experienced since their coupling.  The divine entered a room and found there, in a blanketed rack, a child.  In the perception of the Lords, its spirit glowed like no human but as though it were an Olympian.
"What is this?" Hermes asked.
Knowing what transpired, Aphrodite and Ares spoke in unison.  "This child is ours."
After returning to the mount, Zeus bade them recount the tale.  The pair complied and the rest of the gods were amazed.  Athena took note of their weakness after the union and would ask after it later.
"In the ages we have served The One," Zeus began, "something of this sort has not happened."
"We were created by The One to guide life in the growth of each planet's will," Hera said.  "We were to aid beings upon these worlds so that they might survive and continue to think and advance their kinds.  Never before have we … created life."
"This is something that The One itself has not done," Ares said haughtily.
"It created us," Hestia said.
Ares responded with a tinge of anger, "But we already existed.  The One elevated us beyond our native abilities that we may do its will."
Zeus agreed with Ares, saying eagerly, "This is something that we alone have the power to do.  In the short years we have left to us in this Wager, we should create beings like us among the people so that we further entrench ourselves in their souls."
Athena was worried and she spoke, saying, "I fear that this distracts us from The One's plan."
"The plan would not be endangered," Hermes said.  "Humanity will advance and think for themselves.  They will live at peace with each other and this world.  Our contributions – our children – will only supplement the plan."
"Yes," Aphrodite said.  "The Great Tree will be watered further thanks to this."
"And what of your infirmities after the intercourse?" Athena replied.  "You said that you poured your selves and your will into the flesh that the seed for these children might be hallowed.  Does not your debilitation speak of a flaw in this thinking?"
The gods pondered this and Aphrodite spoke, "I felt weakened for a time and again upon the meeting of our son, but I am not now encumbered thus.  Besides, if my flame in this world is lessened by bringing further life into it, this is a price I am willing to pay."
The Lords considered this also and Zeus lifted his hand.  "I deem it good that we move among the people causing them to bear our children and therefore melding ourselves and our tribes more closely."  He looked toward Athena, "I will not, however, command that this be done."
And the Lords left Mount Olympus and entered the City of the Gods.  Aphrodite and Ares returned to the side of their child, telling the parents what they had done.  The couple then felt blessed that they were used in such a manner and named the boy Eros.  Because he carried within him a portion of the lifeforce of the gods themselves, he persisted more than four times the life that most men experienced.  He worked in the service of his mother, Aphrodite, for most of his days and was said to dwell upon Olympus after his body's death.
Many of the other gods found couples to inhabit for the purposes of procreation.  Some did so with the consent of their subjects, but some did not.  Zeus it was who went among the most women, causing them to birth many children.  Those children borne of mortal women not so possessed by another deity lived double the time of most, yet half that of Eros and his like.  Some of these divine progeny enter these tales in later years.
Of the Lords of Kobol, only Athena, Artemis, Hades, Hestia and Prometheus forever denied themselves the sapping of their energy for the creation of life.  The other gods did so with great frequency and were therefore lessened in stature and in the brightness of their being.
Chapter 12

Prometheus led his host of some forty thousand north to the coasts of the southern land.  They fashioned craft to sail upon the water to the islands that lay between the continents.  Two years after they first left their homes, Prometheus' tribe reached the southern shores of the lands of the Sagittarius tribe.
"Is this an invasion?" an elder asked.
"No," Prometheus said, appearing before the man's very eyes.  "This is a reunion."
Thus the multitude moved north, fending for sustenance on their own, yet sometimes being helped by the tribes they encountered.  Zeus and the other gods heard of the host's coming and they were pleased.  "The Thirteenth Tribe is coming," Zeus announced.  "We shall make ready for them."
Two years fully passed before Prometheus' people reached the break in the mountains.  They passed alongside farms and moved into the valley beneath Olympus.  Hestia it was who welcomed them first and bade them erect tents and temporary lodging in the plains to the west of the City of the Gods, away from the mountains and somewhat near the sea.
Zeus summoned all the Lords to a council upon the peak of Mount Olympus.  Prometheus appeared there as a being of light for the first time since his arrival on Kobol.
"I am pleased to see that you have come," Zeus said, "though your delay in so doing has vexed me these many years."
Prometheus answered, "It has been four hundred thirty revolutions about their sun.  There is plenty of time left to us.  I wished to see my tribe elevated greatly before they became assimilated."
Athena was also pleased, "The Thirteenth Tribe is great in number and in intellect."
"They are," Prometheus said.  Though his light showed no face, his expression was vainglorious.  "We labored long to have great tools from the forge, medicines for healing and learning for all.  The One shall be greatly pleased."
At this, Zeus grew troubled.  "You have told your host about The One?"
"I have."
Zeus grew fearful and he looked toward Poseidon, Hermes and others for unspoken counsel.  He noted that they, too, were distraught.  In recent years, many of the Lords had become fawned before, like Zeus was at the first.  "You sought to exclude yourself from the rule of Kobol.  For what reason?"
Prometheus knew something was amiss.  "In the beginning, The One charged us with the keeping of these people and the growth of their Tree for five thousand years."
"Indeed," Zeus said.  "I purposed to demonstrate to The One that our direct interactions would further these beings greater than the withdrawn observations and whispered prodding that has been our practice."
"Yes, and this I have done."  Prometheus replied.
"Yet in so doing," Zeus said, "you have placed The One atop all the world."
Prometheus was bewildered and knew not what Zeus had in mind.  "Yes?"
"In the City of the Gods, we are elevated.  Each element of Kobol and of their lives is attributed to us and they worship us accordingly."  Zeus moved toward Prometheus.  "Your people would deny these powers in us?"
Prometheus grew sore afraid and withdrew from the mount.  He appeared in the valley below by a horse to startle it toward the encampment of his host.  He then appeared by the side of his second, Deucalion, and spoke unto him hurriedly.
"We have journeyed into grave danger.  You must move south without delay and return unto our people."
Deucalion spoke not and instead climbed atop the horse that now approached.  Prometheus guided Pyrrha, Deucalion's wife, to the beast and struck the animal's hindquarters.  It darted to the west and began to turn south around the far side of the mountains.
Prometheus disappeared again, feeling that his kin were near to him.  He moved into the City of the Gods to find answers among the people and he was astounded at what he discovered.  Mingled among the humanity, Prometheus saw the glow of light not unlike the Lords themselves but dwelling within mortal flesh.  Immediately, Ares and Hermes were upon him and the three reappeared atop Olympus.
"What have you done, O Zeus?" Prometheus asked.  "I have seen the flame of our sort living within the people of the tribes.  The One would assuredly be aggrieved."
The brightness of Zeus' person waxed and his voice grew angry, "The dominion of Kobol was given unto us!  We shall cause great progress for the people and ease the growth of their culture!  The One's place will come at the end of things."
"The One is yet absent," Prometheus said, "but it shall not be forgotten."
Zeus cast his vision toward the encampment of the Thirteenth Tribe.  "How zealous is your host in their love for The One?"
Prometheus struggled against the grip of Ares and Hermes and showed great animus.  "Their mantra is to live and to love and to be at peace with all they know and all they see.  This is The One's plan for all thinking life.  Why should you impede it?"
"I do no such thing," Zeus said.  "I require unity in thought and purpose.  If the Wager is to be won by our doing, so it must be.  The teachings you have bestowed on your tribe would undermine all."  He pointed to Ares and thundered, "Restrain him fast."  To Hephaestus and Hestia, he commanded, "Move into the City and prepare to shore up the buildings with your will."  The gods were confounded yet they obeyed. 
In the smallest of moments between time that the Lords managed thought, Zeus' mind raced.  A great host lay in the valley below and within their minds, they carried a poison that could wipe clean the efforts the Pantheon had undertaken.  The trust the Olympians shored up would turn to anger and the power they wielded would diminish.  And not least of all, Zeus feared he would lose the adulation of the masses, upon which he had gorged for these last decades.  In this manner was he like unto a drunkard whose only nourishment was wine, though it be to his detriment.  
For neither the first nor the last time did Zeus also lament the limiting of his power by The One as a condition of the tender's scheme.  As a blinded man stumbling within a crowd, the tenders were all diminished for their sight into the future was curtailed.  In their prior efforts to bolster worlds' Trees, the beings of light were able to perceive elements of what was to come.  On Kobol, this was no longer true.
Zeus' thought clouded by fear and his ability weakened by both the Wager and the dispensing of his energy into his semi-divine children, he did act rashly and in later times, he, too, realized this and would repent.
"Poseidon," Zeus said, "move into the sea and quake the bed.  Push onto the shore a wave of exceeding height that the Thirteenth Tribe might be washed away."
Prometheus trembled and wailed within Ares' grasp, but the god held him too tightly.  Poseidon descended and moved under the waves and began to do as Zeus willed.  The first tremors came and Zeus directed the remaining Lords to the western borders of the City.  There they willed into being a wall to shield their own hosts from the deluge.
Prometheus struggled and begged for the lives of his people and Zeus ignored him.  Above the lands far below, both Zeus and Prometheus watched in amazement as a torrent the height of twenty men inundated the land.  The screams of the tribe were faint and a cool breeze drifted along the mountainside, betraying the violence below.  Tents and beasts and families floated upon the crashing waves that floundered against the divine barrier at the City's edge.  The foam roiled and pulled the detritus back to sea as Poseidon bid.
The Lords' subjects within the protection of the gods saw what had transpired and were astonished at the power of their protectors.  For ages after, the followers of the Lords of Kobol would retell the tale of the Olympians and how they saved the few while so much humanity was sent to the deep in a Great Flood.
When the water receded, all of the Pantheon gathered upon Olympus again.  Ares did not loosen his grip nor would that have been wise.  Zeus then pronounced further judgment.
"I have granted you latitude in the past to pursue your ends as you see fit.  This shall not be again."  Zeus formed a fist and Prometheus was bound.  "You are henceforth banished from the northern lands.  You are to remain in the south as you have since our beginning.  Return unto the remnant of your tribe, but know this: no incursion by you or by your hosts on these shores shall go unchallenged in the future."
Prometheus vanished without uttering a word and Zeus then kept his eye toward the coasts, searching for Prometheus ever after.
Several of the Lords were wary of what transpired.  Hestia, Artemis and Athena were most distressed and considered a departure from Kobol, though none would voice this aloud.  Apollo, Aphrodite and Demeter were likewise concerned, but they had grown accustomed to the fawning of their own people and saw some measure of wisdom in preventing that throng from joining the rest.  Ares, though, swelled with excitement and he asked, "If his people come north again, shall I wage war upon them?"
Zeus was lost in thought but he responded simply, "Yes."
Chapter 13

Prometheus reappeared outside of the main encampment in the southern lands atop a small knoll.  He made no effort to conceal his being nor to cloak himself in the human-like raiment that his people knew and loved.  He was seated on the grassy ridge and wept.
A group of farmers saw a shadowy form on the hill and noted the ebbing flame within it.  Warily, they approached and said, "What is this?"
Prometheus was brought forth from his misery and resumed his familiar appearance.  The farmers knelt before him but the being lifted them presently and spoke in a scolding tone, "Do not bow for I am no god."
"Yes, my lord," the eldest said.
"The One is worthy of worship for it nurtures and supports life."
"So say we all," the group uttered meekly.
Prometheus looked into Panopeus over the field and he hovered above the crops.  In a short time, he stood in the village square and bade all the people approach.
"I have returned from the north and I bear terrible news."  Prometheus hesitated and mustered his strength.  "A great flood befell the multitude and they were wiped into the sea."  At this, many fell to their knees and mourned loudly.
The tender gave great thought to his words.  He wished to heap blame upon Zeus and the Olympians for their willingness to slaughter his tribe, but he feared relaying the story in its entire to his own people.  They could have easily held Prometheus in contempt for not protecting them or for being of the same kind as the murderers.  In his time of mourning, the being wanted to hold dear the love of those who remained.
"Shall we move north again, my lord?" one asked.
Prometheus shook his head.  "Discounting the flood, the lands were not as welcoming as I had hoped.  Here in the south we shall remain and build ourselves up.  This tribe shall become a nation of the strong and of the keen minded.  Ages may pass but a time will come when we shall rise again."
Still anguished, the people nodded with some saying, "So say we all."
For years thereafter, Prometheus worked diligently among the citizens, giving unto them secrets for which they were not yet prepared.  The knowledge haunted many until means could be found to achieve their leader's aims.  Whole centuries would pass before their methods met the level of their wisdom and in that time, the numbers of their people diminished.  Prometheus rejoiced when a way of alleviating this ill was prepared, though the fruit of these labors was not seen for nearly twenty-five hundred years after the Flood.
Chapter 14

Hundreds of thousands of humans worshipped the Lords of Kobol and they were pleased.  The mortal and immortal dwelled together and it was a stable time of plenty and of peace, known afterward as the Golden Age.
The center of this kingdom remained in the City of the Gods, which lay within the northwestern portion of Galatia, the northern continent.  Other cities were established in the western half of Galatia, often with the aid of a god.  Athena helped found Athens.  The twins, Artemis and Apollo, facilitated the building of Delphi.  Hephaestus rose great forges in Lemnos, and so on.
A century after the Flood, a daughter was born unto Demeter and she was named Persephone.  At the goddess' request, the human parents of the child gave her up and she was raised in Eleusis where Demeter dwelled not unlike a true mother.  Persephone grew and took part in her mother's worship, enabled the sowing of crops and blessed the harvest.  She was exceedingly beautiful for the light that had been Demeter's dwelt just under her flesh and glowed in both day and night.
So active was Persephone in the function of her mother's worship that the farmers bowed before her and praised her as if she were a goddess also.  In time, age captured even her after one hundred fifty years, for she was conceived with only one Lord in possession of her worldly parents.  The decades before her passing were marked with great bounties from the fields and those who depended upon these crops gave their thanks unto her.  The season after her death, there came upon the land a drought and the harvests suffered.
The people of Kobol were not immediately told of Persephone's passing, though they believed some doom was at work when Demeter herself was seen weeping and weary whilst being comforted by Hades.  Hades was rarely noted among the living, and with the new absence of Persephone, the people feared that Hades had taken Demeter's child.  Thus the foul harvest they deemed, and also the only dim spot in the many days of the Golden Age.
The following year, Demeter woke from her despondency, rains swept onto the lands and the crops gave forth plenty.  The worshippers credited Persephone's escape from Hades' grasp for the return of both the harvest and Demeter's pleasant demeanor.  Demeter did not see fit to deny this thought in the minds of her faithful for she was still greatly saddened by her daughter's death.  She would not, in fact, participate in another child's birth for the remainder of the Lords' reign upon Kobol.
The Voras Mountains separated the west from the east for the range stretched from the land of the Gemini and Taurus tribes in the north to the Virgo and Aquarius tribes in the south.  In the east at the beginning of their time, several gods gathered large hosts for the march to the City of the Gods, but few journeys of the Lords took place east of the Voras Mountains afterward.  Centuries before when Hermes rode out from the City with messengers of the gods, his travels went no farther than the edge of the Ordos Desert.  Still, a great number of lesser heathen tribes remained in the eastern world and Zeus willed that all beings on Kobol turn their minds toward him.  Therefore he desired that these people be taken under his sway.
"The western lands are secure," he said, "and strongholds for our twelve tribes have been raised in every corner of Galatia, but barbarians hold resources and countrysides entire in the far east.  For a thousand revolutions about the sun, we have labored and secured the people of our hosts in their homes.  We must do the same for all upon this world."
"What of the remnant of Prometheus' folk in Scythia, in the far south?" Hestia asked wryly, knowing that this would agitate the leader.
Zeus became flustered and he waved his hand.  "The Thirteenth Tribe may abide there, untouched, for now.  I will not consider them until it is needed."  He moved toward Ares and saw the god of rage had winnowed and appeared slight.  "Your time has come."
The Lord swelled and his fire sparked anew.  "War is upon us?"
Zeus pointed east.  "No.  War is upon them."  Zeus had cast his eye into the land of the rising sun and saw that mammoth throngs had arisen and some even fell upon the cities of the Olympian subjects.  "Hephaestus and the forges of Lemnos shall be stoked and a great many swords shall be placed in the hands of our people.  They will march from the west unto the godsless, raising the points of their weapons high like unto a parading forest of steel.  They will be clad in skins of bronze and carry great banners bearing the symbols of their faith and their nations."
Ares flushed hot and descended to Lemnos.  There, he found Hephaestus and his best smiths hard at work producing scores upon scores of fresh, sharpened blades.  He was terribly impatient and his voice echoed for weeks while he bellowed for battle and pushed the workers to mold more armor and beat more weaponry.  It was some months before a sufficient armament had been produced.
In the meantime, Zeus commanded that Poseidon raise a cavalry, for he was greatly fond of horses.  In fact, the God of the Sea was the only tender who went in unto a beast in the act of copulation, compromising the spirit of the animal and pouring out their divine light into the offspring.  Some years before, Poseidon engaged in this manner with a sturdy mare and the great foal birthed was named Arion.  
From Arion's long-lived and magnificent stock came a great number of steeds that made up Poseidon's first group of mounted warriors.  Arion himself went into battle, ridden by the Sagittarian Adrastus, and they conquered many tribes along the southern coast before the elder beast became weary of fighting and returned home.
The animalistic offspring of the gods were not the only progeny of the Lords that went into battle.  Many names of legend did thus and their tales follow.
Chapter 15

While the western world of Galatia enjoyed the Golden Age, great legions of archers, spearmen, swordsmen and horsemen swelled from the lands of Sagittarius and Virgo to move along the southern coast.  Accompanied by Lord Ares at the start, the tens of thousands took few slings and arrows in their traversing of Aquarius and the purging of backward hill people.  There were many who surrendered and they were allowed to remain in their lands if they swore allegiance to the Lords of Kobol.  There were a scant few who did not entertain this option.
With much of Aquarius secured, the armored multitude moved north to the Ordos Desert and the lands set aside for the Scorpio tribe.  Nomadic peoples quickly surrendered and the Lords' influence expanded again.  At this, Lord Ares was angered.
"I have come for the crashing of metal and the spilling of blood yet I find only cowards and children willing to wither in my presence?"  And the god vanished from the host, returning to Olympus.
The army continued on to the south and in the western portion of the Leo nation, the forces met their first true challenge.  Calling themselves the Kymereh, a confederation of infidels gathered among the low hills beneath the Rhodope Mountains and assailed the capital city of the Leo, named Nemea.  The general of the Lords' forces, Bellerophon, rode upon Pegasus, a grandson of the great horse Arion.
The Kymereh used large wooden catapults for the throwing of hot stones and casks of oil.  They carried swords not unlike the armies of Zeus for they had taken these methods from the people they sacked across the sparse settlements in the southeast.  The western legions quailed for this would be the first true measure of their quality and no god stood alongside them.  The sons of Ares, Phobos and Deimos, tried to rally them, but even they were not successful.
"We shall sweep into the meadow and drive them out!" Bellerophon cried while he rode before his lines.  "This host shall split thrice and we shall puncture the enemy upon the points of our trident!"
The men and women were steeled and they moved into battle.  Fires and boulders were heaped upon them but the greater of their numbers survived and marched onward at a livelier speed.  The mass divided in three directions to both surround the enemy and to drive into their heart.  Once the Lords' forces were near unto the Kymereh, the savage enemy revealed their bows and arrows and their own cavalry.  The multitude was caught unawares and hundreds were slain quickly.
The cavalry of the west was delayed on the outer rim of the advancing army but Bellerophon saw what transpired.  He gave Pegasus a swift kick and it is said that the beast moved as though it had wings.  The steed bounded around soldiers and over the hills to the larger part of his force.  Bellerophon gathered the cavalry unto him and they moved into the thick of the Kymereh, trampling all they could under hoof.  Bellerophon was attacked in the heat of the engagement with spined bolas, the thorned ropes puncturing his eyes.  He led the troops without sight yet he knew he could not remain their general.
A full third of the gods' armies were destroyed though they saved western Leo and prevented the sacking of Nemea.  Riders were sent back to the City of the Gods to report while much of the host marched south to purge the Kymereh from the jungles.
Some time later, Ares returned, eager and ready for battle.  Zeus returned also and with his son Heracles, a great fighter of exceeding stature.  Theseus, son of Poseidon, was named general and readied to move north with the army.  Ares and Zeus remained with the soldiers for their entire time upon the march, while other gods like Hermes, Apollo, Artemis and Poseidon came to provide aid.  Zeus, however, ordered the Lords to not directly interfere, but instead inspire their own troops that their victories may seem more accomplished by their own doing.
At the northern borders of Leo, a remnant of the Kymereh goaded the multitude into battle by desecrating the sigil of the Leo nation, a great golden lion.  Heracles parleyed with the Kymerean warlord, who wore the skin of a jungle lion as his cloak.  In single combat, Heracles dispatched the man quickly and the haggard forces were stunned.  Seeing Heracles moving toward them, now wearing the lion skin himself, the opponents surrendered, swearing allegiance to the Lords of Kobol.
Ares felt impatient again for a time, thinking he had missed the wealth of battle.  His distress was shortlived for in the foothills of the Pindus Mountains on the eastern borders of the Cancer nation, they fell upon an encampment of numbers near to their own, and this was said to be but a portion of the full host.
They called themselves the Draco and this people carried banners bearing the visage of a great reptile, full of teeth and of enormous girth.  The armies of Zeus had the advantage and quickly attacked.  Ares stood amid the greatest fury of the clash, his skin pulsing with blood and his stature increasing as each Draco soldier fell.  Confused and wary though they were of these strange beings, the Draco fought on and managed to slay a full quarter of the western legions.
The battle was won but Zeus feared for the near future.  He peered into the minds of captured soldiers and saw the true number of the throngs that remained in the north.  He then devised a plan and took counsel with Ares, Heracles and Theseus.
The group rested and then moved north to face the greatest of the Draco regiments near their capital of Ladon.  The armies of Zeus stood at a distance from the defenders and awaited their actions.  Finally, they set upon the bronze-covered infantry with a fury and Theseus fought at the front, swinging his great sword.  Ares fought not and instead rallied the Olympian legions with his chants and his contagious rage.  The Draco began to fall back and hope left them.
Then, from a nearby river, a monstrous beast rose before the noonday sun.  Its body was long and scaled.  Light glistened along its sides in emerald green and tremendous wings sprang from its back.  It turned toward the field and its red eyes cast hot beams upon the forces of the gods.  The Pantheon's soldiers cowered and their courage was diminished.
The Draco were astonished to see the beast of their banners realized and they knew their primordial deity had come to defend them.  They rallied and pressed against the Olympian foes, but Theseus held them at bay.  The great dragon landed upon the plain and blew searing flame across the western army.  Battalions fled and screamed in agony and the teeth of the huge beast glistened like silver as it moved toward prone soldiers.
Then, riding upon one of Poseidon's mighty steeds, Heracles came to the field and he approached the evil worm without fear.  It turned in stark surprise at such audacity and hesitated to spray its immolation again.  Heracles dashed over the dead and leapt upon the animal's skull, using its ear as a foothold for climbing onto its head.  He grasped the wavering quills above its eyes and sat upon its brow.  The dragon took flight, moving low over the field in an attempt to shake the man from its body.
Heracles removed an ebony spear, Ares' own, from his back and plunged it first into the dragon's left eye and then its right.  It bellowed and blew heat before crashing back to land.  Blinded, it flopped upon the Draco forces and floundered on the blood-stained grass.  Heracles held forth his hand and Theseus tossed to him the gleaming blade of Zeus.  Its edge was raked behind the jaw of the dragon and veins poured forth steaming blackness.  With the prey wailing, Heracles then drove the sword's point until its hilt pressed under the animal's neck scales, silencing it once and for all.  It lay motionless for a time and its great heart beat slower and slower.  When it stopped, the body became faded and it blew away in the breeze like the ash from a spent cookfire.
Though they outnumbered the Olympian host nearly three to one, the Draco hordes across all of the Cancer nation tossed aside their arms in dismay and pledged allegiance unto the Lords of Kobol.  From the windstrewn ash of the dragon, Zeus reconstituted himself in his usual form and was pleased that his deception worked so well.
For the next six years, the armies of Zeus moved north and then west again, gathering more wayward clans to their banner.  The godsless fell under the sway of Zeus, hearing of his wrath yet feeling the warmth of his presence.  Few battles followed, yet Theseus and Ares saw action in the forests of the Taurus nation.  Thus was Ares' lust sated for a few centuries more.  
After more years of marching and some further spilling of blood, the many people of Galatia became counted as subjects of the Lords of Kobol and the Lords traveled among all of the lands, both west and east, building up their cities and settlements and passing along such furtherances as they saw fit.  
Chapter 16

Think not that all stories of the Golden Age were either based in war or in peace.  In the latter part of this time, there was strife among the Lords themselves, for many had given themselves over to the desires of mortal beings.
For the untold ages that the tenders labored in service of The One, they were accorded great power and perception yet the one ability they did not have was in the creation of life.  When Aphrodite and Ares discovered that they could engage in this activity, or so they believed, most of the gods glommed onto the concept and thus their days were often spent.
They reveled in their doing of things they had not done before.  They continued their displays of magic before throngs of their subjects.  They paraded about in festivals held in their name under the eaves of glistening marble temples that bore their likenesses.  They drained their light and energy in the making of life that their offspring may have some portion of their being.  As has been said, this act diminished the Lords, gradual, though it may have been.  Their perceptions weakened in step with their power as each child required more of their effort.  Into the deathless, petty natures crept.
Poseidon was a god who frequently copulated while possessing men and women and sometimes even animals.  His capacity was far less than that of Athena, who as a virgin in this regard, maintained her levels of acumen and fortitude.  
At one time, Poseidon confronted Athena in her temple in the presence of a lovely priestess named Medousa.  Poseidon beseeched the goddess to fornicate with him for he wished to defile her purity.  Athena refused and bade him leave, but the priestess asked that the goddess reconsider, saying that she, Medousa, would act as the divine's vessel for this purpose.
This angered Athena and she ordered that Medousa leave her service forever.  The goddess vanished, but Poseidon, in rage, destroyed a portion of the temple causing candles to be spilled and flames to engulf the structure.  Medousa was trapped inside and scarred greatly.  Nigh unto death, she was rescued by Poseidon who, in his guilt, deposited her near to the sea where she resumed her service in an Athenian temple after her health returned.  
Hearing the tale and discovering that the exiled priestess still practiced as a leader in Athena's employ despite the goddess' wishes, a man named Perseus sought Medousa.  He was a son of Zeus and quite headstrong, feeling that he had missed his time for battle and heroism being born centuries after the march of the Olympians over the heathen lands.
Crippled and lame, Medousa was found by Perseus and he decapitated her in Athena's name.  Her disfigured head was cut from her body and Perseus journeyed to Athens to present Medousa to the goddess whom he loved.  Athena was horrified and went silent at the sight.  She disappeared and Perseus fell into distress.  Zeus, however, heard of his initiative and praised the man, taking a stylized image of the priestess' lifeless countenance as an aegis for his armor.
After many years of sowing his seed in the wombs of mortal women without the presence of a goddess, Zeus turned to the being who was worshipped as his wife, Hera, and bade her to join him in procreation.  Until this point, Hera had not gone in unto a human for the purposes of reproduction and she was therefore not weakened.  After much goading, she consented, and she, with her husband, possessed the bodies of many people across the lands as they copulated.  
Unto them were born several children of exceeding years, including Hebe, Enyo, Eris and more besides.  The one whose influence features most in the events of the elder days is Hecate.
Hecate was the last of the children that Zeus and Hera created together.  In the years before they consummated their relationship, Zeus fathered many children in the west and he desired to do so again without the presence of Hera.  The Queen of Heaven insisted that Zeus remain and this angered the god.  The spirit he poured out in the making of Hecate was thus tainted by ill will and resentment.  Hera, though, felt domineering and vain, and this, too, was dispensed into the child.
Being the child of a god or gods in Olympian society carried a measure of celebrity and good fortune.  At the time of Hecate's upbringing, there were many of her kindred among the people and she was not as well remarked as she desired.  She began to study the ways of her parents and meant to become as near unto them as she could, being human yet containing a portion of their energies.
She moved south to Sparta and dwelt in the Parnon Mountains.  There, the people of the Sagittarius nation worshipped Ares most fervently and enjoyed contests of physical skill and even bloodsport.  Not unlike Ares, Hecate gathered a measure of power from witnessing such action and she wanted to hold events of that nature for herself.
In the small village of Lagina near Sparta, she convinced a group of youth and some smiths to erect for her a theater for combat to act as a temple.  In this manner, Hecate was different from the semi-divine progeny of all the gods that came before her and after.  The children of the Lords often worked to further the worship of their parents: Eros for Aphrodite, Aristaeus for Apollo, Persephone for Demeter, Priapos for Dionysus, Pan for Hermes and so on.  Hecate, however, desired worship for herself and it was to this end that she labored for her two hundred years.
Gladiatorial matches were held for decades at her temple in Lagina and Hecate was pleased.  After a while, she became bored by the sameness of the activity and brought into play her abilities with magic and what many deemed witchcraft.  The gathered worshippers were backward and amazed by what Hecate performed, yet the demigod was still not sated.  
A young man came to Hecate after a service and bowed upon one knee.  "My goddess," he said, "to you I give my life and will do whatsoever you will of me."  At this devotion, an evil thought came into Hecate's mind.
As the rain season drew near to that part of Galatia, Hecate called unto her temple a great gathering that she might bless the coming spring and the new life that would pour onto the fields.  Much of Lagina came and many from nearby villages as well.
Ritualistic combat began the evening as was the norm.  This was followed by an address from Hecate, who punctuated her actions with illusions and other trickery to entrap the audience's attention.  At the end of these things, she moved to a newly dug pit by a pyre.  Within the trench stood the young man, proud and waiting.  Two of Hecate's priests accompanied her and she hoisted a great knife above her head.
"That the rains may fall greater than the years before and that the land may give forth a harvest greater than the seasons before, a sacrifice is given unto me, Hecate."  She then drew the edge of the blade under the jaw of the man and his blood spilled forth.  The worshippers gasped and the priests held the victim up as he died.  Then, they pulled him from the pit and laid him upon the pyre before slathering his lifeless body with honey.  Hecate stood by, clutching the bloodied knife to her bosom and reciting something unto herself.  She then put the blade aside and lifted two torches into the air and said, "The ground has been watered with blood and now the sky shall be filled with sweetened flesh."  Hecate placed the flame against the oiled kindling and the pyre lit, consuming the meat of the willing sacrifice.
While the man was prepared for the pyre, some in the temple departed, seeking the village watch.  They told them what transpired and the police knew not what to do, for even they saw her as a goddess, though less than the Pantheon.  The next day they met with Lagina's magistrate and she, too, was stricken with doubt.  Knowing that Hecate was Zeus' child, the magistrate visited the head priest of the nearest temple of Zeus and the priest passed word along to the City of the Gods.
Some days later, Zeus appeared in Lagina and the public was afraid.  The Lord spoke to none and sought Hecate straightaway.  He then walked her out of the village and into the mountains.  No one knew what happened afterward, but Zeus was terribly displeased with Hecate.  
"The people of Kobol are as children unto us," he said.  "You have slain one of our children.  Would you purpose to do this again?"
Though worried by the her father's aura, Hecate spoke haughtily, saying, "I would, for I am a goddess no lesser than Demeter or Aphrodite.  I am a daughter of the King and Queen of Heaven."
"Yet not even the King and Queen of Heaven seek such a sacrifice from our people."
"Why should you not?  A bull may be replaced in a healthy herd and a bundle of fine fruits grown again after a season, but the life of a person is a true gift unto us."
Zeus was saddened at all she said and it never left his thoughts.  He stopped along a ridge near unto Lagina and peered into Hecate's mind.  She was of exceeding age yet Zeus did not wish her death for she knew naught of The One or the Great Tree.  He believed if he could remove from her thoughts the nature of her parents and the desire for blood that her ailments may be alleviated.  He pressed deeper within her mind than he had in any other human before.  He plucked from her knowledge the names of her parents and great swaths of her own history.  He twisted her desires that they may be more acceptable.  When he withdrew from her mind, Zeus found Hecate damaged.
With his intrusions, Zeus acted quickly and without deftness.  He realized not the precision and fragility of her mind and was sorely distressed.  For a moment, he thought to reenter her and try to repair all he altered, yet he was now reluctant and averse for he feared more harm would come unto her.  Zeus then guided her from the mountains and to nearby Sparta, where she lived out her remaining few years in a house of healing and none knew whence she came.
The rains began a week after Hecate's last service and they were more sustaining than they had been in nearly twenty years.  The grass grew bright green, the grain grew high and golden, and the cows grew fat.  The harvest was more bountiful than many could remember and they credited Hecate.  For many years after, farmers and citizens near Lagina would secretly hold their own sacrificial services in her name, hoping to duplicate that season of plenty.
Centuries after the birth of Hecate, Hera desired another child with Zeus and he rebuffed her.  Zeus, though, still entered in unto other men as they entered in unto women.  Hera repeatedly tried to catch Zeus as he did this, sometimes forcefully possessing women mid-copulation.  So angered by this, Zeus rarely again sowed his seed and if he did, he did so in the far east.
Hera, though, sought retribution still.  While Zeus was away, she asked others in the Pantheon to betray Zeus and lie with her, but they refused.  She then turned to Atlas, who had remained in solitude on his island, Atlantis, studying the sky and the shell that encased Kobol.  
"I have a proposal for you," she said unto him.
Atlas did not divert his stare from the starred canopy, "I have no interest in worldly matters.  I watch the heavens."
"And thus you have done for a full half of our allotted time upon this world.  What can you perceive now that you have not for the last two and a half millennia?"
Atlas paused and cast his eyes down to the jagged cliffs below.  "I observe the capsule that The One has placed about the world.  I look for pores that we may escape.  I stare that I might find a crack or some speck of rock that passes through the outside to the in."
Hera moved closer to him.  "Have you spotted a pore?  A crack?  A speck of stone that traverses the shield?"
If Atlas had lungs he would have sighed, "I have not."
"There is more to this world than the sky."  Her light entered his and tugged at him.  "Come with me for a short while and I will show you a pleasure you have not yet fathomed.  If you feel that I have spent your time needlessly, return here to your mountain and continue your eventless monitoring of the heavens."
Atlas held fast as he pondered all that Hera said.  He swept his gaze across the sky once more, looking for that pore, crack or speck and saw none.  "Very well."
Hera and Atlas both departed and went to the City of the Gods, for Zeus was away east.  There, she sought and found a youthful pair fornicating and she told Atlas the means of entering their flesh.  Atlas did as she commanded and he became terribly enraptured, like all other Lords who tried it.  His fire waxed hot as the man's body came to the culmination of the act and he poured forth much of his spirit into the seed.  Atlas required rest after the coupling but he desired to engage again with Hera as soon as he felt able.
The first child of Atlas radiated a warmth not unlike the sun, thus was he named Helios.  Before that birth, Atlas engaged with Hera twice more, but upon seeing the first of his fruits, Atlas felt it unfair to bring more of his children into the world if he did not care for them himself.  He therefore aided the human parents of his children in their education and in their governance, for a great energy dwelt within them and they were difficult in some manner, to say the least.
The second child of Atlas was named Eos, after the dawn, for she gave forth a fresh, yellow glow as though she were the eastern sky of a clear morn.  The last was named Hersperis, after dusk, for her radiance felt orange and melancholy like the ending of a day in the west.  Eos in later times was named in another tongue "Aurora" and this name did not leave her.  Eos played a larger role in these tales than most demigods and her part arises soon.
Another child of the divine who participated in the fateful events of Kobol was named Asclepius.  He was the son of the Lord Apollo and of the mortal Coronis, though she herself was a granddaughter of Ares.  Asclepius studied with Apollo and in his service at temples, becoming greatly acquainted with the arts of healing.  
Both Eos and Asclepius were important in the history of the Thirteenth Tribe.  Though forgotten by the people of Galatia except as victims of the Flood, and also forgotten by several Lords, the southern tribe had not forgotten the northern lands nor had their guide, Prometheus, forgotten any of what transpired so long ago.
Chapter 17

All of the Lords had gifts across many areas, but each had specialties in one or a small few arenas.  For Prometheus, his prowess came in the ability to discern the mechanics of a thing so that a person may develop it for their own uses.  He was also able to inspire tremendous loyalty and labor.
For more than two thousand five hundred years, Prometheus and the Thirteenth Tribe worked to advance themselves.  Prometheus taught them the ways of metallurgy, bringing to them means of working the elements to produce fine designs.  He showed unto them the power contained within steam engines and then combustion and electric and electromagnetic.  He was able to create ways of peering deep within the very fabric of life, spooling before them the curled wisps of information giving to each person the qualities that made them unique.
Peering into a device, Prometheus said, "The time is nigh."
The leader of Prometheus' people, Pandora, spoke forth, "We are ready to return into the north?"
Prometheus sighed and stood tall in the laboratory.  "Nearly so.  Our people have worked well and we are able to duplicate the things that are needed to sustain us.  But there is a thing missing, and without it, our plans would come to naught."
Pandora grew thoughtful and quiet.  Meekly, she spoke, "Our people, Prometheus, they winnow into the winds.  We have labored for ages after these projects of your desire and they have given us much, but our numbers …"
"Yes," Prometheus replied.  All that Pandora said coupled with the things she was too fearful to say were true.  In the centuries since the Flood, Prometheus drove his people on a trek of discovery, relentless and without pause.  Their people swelled as other tribes from Scythia joined unto them and satellite villages arose to provide farming and mining.  Now, they dwindled again to less than the remnant after Poseidon swept his waves onto the lands near the City of the Gods.
"Can this duplication aid us?" Pandora asked.
"It will," Prometheus said.  He placed a hand upon her shoulder and her face bore a new smile, energized by his fire.  "The foundation of our lives may be shored up but … there is something still left to accomplish."
"What is that?"
"I wish to defeat death itself."  Pandora seemed surprised and Prometheus continued, "We are not there yet."
Pandora prepared to leave the room but she turned and said, "And what of the other plan, lord?  Our means of escape?"
"I have not spoken to Daedalus in some time, yet I sense that his work is similarly impeded.  I will go to him now."  At that, Prometheus left the room and reappeared several stadia away upon a large flat surface.  There, like the upturned ribs of a felled beast, a metal substructure was being constructed.
"Greetings, Prometheus," Daedalus said upon seeing the being before him.  "You have come for news, I wager."
"Indeed."  The tender turned and studied the large form taking shape.  "It appears as though it is going well."
"For a time, and yet," Daedalus shook his head.  "We have not been able to bend space as you wish."
Prometheus' face turned wan and he glared toward the mountains above.  Daedalus shrank, feeling a slight twinge of wrath overcome the tender.  "I had hoped to move on my plans sooner than this but all seems ordained to slow me."
Daedalus spoke softly in an attempt to assuage his mood, "It is not your plans or even your desires, lord.  We are but a few people.  Many dwell here with me for the building of your vessel, many dwell in the laboratories to work on the life project and the remainder toil to maintain all.  I fear our numbers will continue to hinder such efforts."
Prometheus turned and saw Daedalus' fear and the being shifted his mood so that the man need not feel afraid.  "You are correct, my friend.  Thankfully, we have had a breakthrough in the laboratory and I sense a giant leap will follow."
"Terrific, my lord.  When?"
Prometheus looked again toward the infant ship, "Soon.  I hope."
Chapter 18

In the City of the Gods, Asclepius was named a healer by both doctors and temple priests alike.  His learning allowed him to devise treatments for ailments that plagued humans for centuries and his medicines were spread across Galatia for the benefit of all.
Despite his success, the son of Apollo felt alone.  He met infrequently with his father, who gave him little in the ways of instruction or even love.  The people of the City knew him to be semi-divine and, if they did not know this, they could see the flame of Apollo within his eyes.  Thus many distanced themselves from Asclepius and this gave him no comfort.
Eos, though, was one of three children of Atlas alive at the same time.  She dwelled just outside of the City while her siblings toured Galatia together.  Atlas descended his mount on Atlantis frequently to visit them and he continued to do so once Helios and Hesperis left for their journey.
"What troubles you, daughter?" the Lord asked on one of his visits.
"Without my brother and sister," she said, "I am alone."
Atlas laughed.  "There are two hundred thousand people who dwell in the City before you.  Surely there is someone there who can give you comfort and companionship?"
"None like me."
Atlas' image blinked and he returned, saying, "There is one.  Only one, at this time, who is of the same kind as you.  He is Asclepius, son of Apollo.  He, too, is lonely."
At this, Eos' countenance changed and she was elated.  "I must meet this man."
Atlas departed her and she departed her home.  By the evening, she found the home of Asclepius, near unto the Temple of Apollo.  She knocked upon the door and hoped that he would wish her to visit.
Asclepius opened his home and saw her face.  Immediately, his eyes widened and he saw within her the same spirit that dwelt within him.  Without asking her name, he opened the door further, lowered his head and waved Eos into his house.
She entered quickly and stood beside a short bookcase.  "I am Eos, daughter of Atlas."
"I am Asclepius, son of Apollo."  They stood motionless for a time, simply regarding each other.  Then, Asclepius moved toward a seating area and bade her sit.  "I am pleased to meet you."
"And I you."  She looked around his home and noted the shining accoutrements of his profession.  "You are well versed in healing, I see."
"I am.  And what gifts has Lord Atlas bestowed upon you?"
She laughed and shook her head.  "There are none."
Asclepius was confused and he asked further.  "Surely, there is something.  Lord Atlas, I understand, observes the heavens and the stars beyond.  Has he taught you nothing of this?"
Eos thought and then smiled.  "He has, indeed.  I suppose I spoke too hastily."
Asclepius' eye was drawn to his kitchen as steam rose from his pot.  "Pardon me, you've caught me as I prepared to sup.  Would you join me?"
Eos was pleased and again and stood from her seat.  "I would."
Thus the two children of the gods became acquainted and met for many months on end.  They spoke often of their lives and what their parents said unto them.  It seemed to be the natural making of a romantic relationship until Eos offered information her father had provided in confidence.
"His brother, Prometheus, dwells in Scythia."
Asclepius nodded slowly.  "I have heard his name but a few times.  I know nothing of his story."
Eos became eager in the telling, "Near the beginning of the Lords' dominion over Kobol, he brought from the south a great host, the Thirteenth Tribe, but they were washed into the sea in the Great Flood."
"I knew of the Flood, but not of those it took."
"Yes," she continued.  "My father has visited with Prometheus on occasion and sees what he has undertaken in the centuries since that time.  His people have brought forth technologies and energies unknown to the people of Galatia.  The Scythians live longer and in greater health than any here."  She said this, knowing it would pique the healer's interest.
And so it did.  Asclepius was amazed, "How so?  What has Prometheus and his tribe accomplished that we have not?"
Eos did not know and she said thus, but it did not sate Asclepius.  Ever mindful of his position as a son of the gods, he strove to find new ways to help the infirm and cure the sick, but he had felt for some time that an impasse had been reached in his ability.
"I would like to journey to Scythia and see for myself the wonders of the Thirteenth Tribe."
Eos was taken aback and spoke not for a time.  "We cannot.  It is forbidden to sail south of the Thracian Sea."  She spoke the truth, for long ago, Zeus cordoned off the islands of that water, saying all who dwelled upon them must move north and that none may live there, lest they fall into the hands of heathens far away.  The people complied but they did not know that the "heathens" were Prometheus and the Thirteenth Tribe.
"We are the children of the gods."  Asclepius drew strength from this knowledge for the first time in his life.  "If we desire to sail south, then we may do so."  He saw Eos shrink, and he worried that he disappointed her.  To salvage the moment, he said, "I will only go if you will also."
Eos was not salved by this and instead thought about her own life in the north.  She was tied to Asclepius moreso than her siblings and she did not wish to displease him.  "We shall go."
The next morn, they made their way south to the coast of the Sagittarius nation where they rented a boat for sport.  They drove themselves north for a time, as they were instructed, and then turned to the south once the horizon grew deep with water and all land had passed from their sight.  After several days, they came to the shore of the island of Cythera.  Lovely and abandoned as it was, they remained for only two days as they gathered fresh water and wild fruits and animals for their journey.  They departed and sailed around the isle until they reached the far western side.  Eos provided maps for the journey far more accurate than any others, and she knew to then steer the vessel due west for a few days more.
They finally encountered the coasts of Scythia and it appeared not unlike Cythera: lovely and abandoned.  "We should sail about the line of the land until we come to the point amidmost the continent," Asclepius said.
"My father said that Prometheus' city was called Panopeus and it lies in the southwest."
"I fear we do not have the supplies to sail around all the shores to the far southwest, but we can dock at the center of the northern coast and then walk to the interior."  They guided their vessel further west along the shores and stopped near the centermost point.  Asclepius gathered his and Eos' things while she steered the boat into a natural harbor, running it aground.  They departed and began a long journey south.
Chapter 19

Prometheus busied himself with the work in both Panopeus' laboratories and at the construction yard outside of the city.  For weeks on end, he bolstered the weary shoulders of his best scientists and doctors and engineers as they worked with the tiniest bits of metals and drops of proteins.  As the labor they pursued grew smaller and smaller over the ages, Prometheus thought, the more difficult it became.
Then, as he stood near Daedalus upon a newly laid deck of the vessel, he sensed something at the back of his mind.  He turned quickly and gazed into the north.  It was a feeling he had not had in many years.  He flashed away from Daedalus and appeared in cloaked form near the northern coast of Scythia.  There he espied two people, a man and a woman, walking south.  He studied them further and saw that they carried within them the energy of the gods.
Prometheus materialized in their path and they were afraid.  They fell upon their knees and Prometheus did nothing but watch.  
"My Lord!" Asclepius cried.  "Forgive us our trespass!"
"I seek your forgiveness!" Eos cried also.
Prometheus lifted them up and smiled upon them.  "Welcome to Scythia, children of Kobol."
Their fears were alleviated and they stood.  "Are you Prometheus?" Eos asked.
"Yes," he said.  Eos then began to speak again and the tender could see what she was about to say by the flickering of the fire in her.
"I am Eos, daughter of Atlas."
"I see."  At this, Prometheus seemed disappointed, though he said naught to these two about it.  "And you?"
Asclepius bowed, "Asclepius, son of Apollo."
"Very well."  The duo raised their gaze again and the tender asked, "What brings you beyond Zeus' sight and ban to our distant lands?"
"My father told me of his visits with you in the south and of the wonders that your people have conjured," Eos said.
Eagerly, Asclepius spoke, "I have likewise heard of the marvels the Thirteenth Tribe has created in medicine and this interests me greatly for I am a healer."
At this was Prometheus curious.  "A doctor?  Might you be willing to assist us in a project?"
Asclepius laughed despite himself, "Without question, my Lord."
"And you," Prometheus said, turning to Eos, "has my brother said more unto you than the simple dispensing of information that was to have been kept close to his own bosom?"
"Such as?"
Prometheus waved toward the sky, "The heavens.  The shell that encases the world."
Eos nodded as though this were a simple item.  "Of course, my Lord."
Prometheus' chest swelled though he drew no breath and he felt a burden lift from his shoulders.  "May The One be praised."
"'The One,' my Lord?" Asclepius said.
"Let us walk," Prometheus said.  As the three did so, the tender spoke of The One and the mission with which his kindred was charged nearly three thousand years before.  The visitors were amazed and spoke not at all for they were enraptured by Prometheus' tale.  After some hours of walking and listening, Eos spoke, tearfully.
"What you have said chokes my heart.  Why should I believe a god in exile when he could easily deceive me?"
Prometheus stopped and lay a hand by her cheek, "My niece, I know your father will visit you again soon.  When he does, ask him for the truth and see the manner of his response.  More than any word you may discern the answer from his actions."
Eos was mollified and carried on.  Prometheus departed them at night and the two rested in the forest of Scythia.  Asclepius slept but Eos was troubled and could not.  It was then that Atlas appeared.
"My daughter," he said and wrapped a copious arm about her shoulders.
She was still saddened and looked at the god with moist eyes.  "Father, I have a question."
Atlas prepared to listen but as he did so, he realized where he stood.  "Why are we in Scythia?"
"I have visited with my uncle."
These words troubled Atlas and he knelt before her.  "Why would you disobey Zeus thus?"
"Prometheus told me about The One."  Atlas shivered and she noticed this.  "He told me of Zeus' Wager with it and that the Lords usurped its will that they may have total control over all humanity on Kobol."
Atlas said nothing and instead stared into the fire.  Eos had her answer yet her father spoke, saying, "Prometheus speaks the truth.  I have sought to distance myself from the machinations of Zeus yet I was ensnared and begat you."  This caught Eos unawares and Atlas cupped her face in his hands.  "Think not that I regret your birth, daughter.  I have spent countless years upon Atlantis staring into space for a secret or a sign that has not come.  In your eyes, perhaps, I may have my answer."
Eos smiled, not knowing what this meant fully.  "Thank you, father, for your honesty."
"I will leave you now."  He stood and backed away.  "I shall visit you again ere the end.  In the meantime, live well."  Atlas then vanished.
The next day, Eos and Asclepius continued their journey south.  A day later, they spotted a low-flying craft that hovered above the ground and bade them enter.  Amazed as they were, the visitors complied and were flown to Panopeus in short order.
Upon their arrival, Eos and Asclepius met Prometheus again and he saw in her eyes that Eos had heard the truth.  He nodded and motioned toward buildings nearby, "Allow me to give you a tour."
Chapter 20

The Temple of Zeus stood tallest among all those within Olympia, by the base of Mount Kronos in the eastern part of Taurus.  There, a group of ten thousand crowded to see the appearance of their most high god.
The chief priest moved toward the top of the stairs and looked into the cloudless sky.  The proscenium of the temple was framed by two huge marble and gold statues, depicting Zeus holding forth his characteristic lightning.  The hair upon the neck of the priest began to stand and he knew that Zeus was near.
"Behold!" he bellowed, "Zeus Olympios!"
Two blinding white bolts then struck the tips of the golden beams the statues bore and Zeus appeared before the throng atop the marble platform.  The audience cheered and applauded while the priests bowed before him.  Zeus strode forth, nearly twice the height of any man, his curled white hair twisted slightly in the breeze.  His purple and white robes appeared to flow independent of the winds and the golden buckle under his throat glowed in the sun.  It was his aegis, bearing the visage of creatures from Kobol's past, including the dragon of Ladon and Medousa's head.
"Greetings, Olympia!" he said and his voice boomed across all corners of the city.
"We are humbled by your presence, O Lord!" they replied.
"The Lords of Kobol are pleased in all that you have accomplished and there is yet more to do!"  He paced between the marble statues on either side of the steps; an eagle and a bull.  "For thousands of years and for thousands more, the gods have loved mankind and seek your honor!"
The multitude responded, "All of Kobol hears and obeys!"
Zeus clapped his hands together and watched the priests bring forth a white calf.  It was placed at the center of the platform at the end of the stairs.  The audience muttered prayers to themselves while the men cut the throat of the beast and lit a fire beneath it.  Once it was consumed, the white ash was mixed into a golden pan and lifted high above the priest's head.  "We collect again the proof of our worship and the remnant of our sacrifice as we have for so many centuries!"
Zeus bowed slightly and turned to the crowd, "I thank you for your worship and I provide as I always have!"  At this, great carts of food were brought forth so that the assembled may feast.
The ceremony was brief and Zeus vanished from Olympia to reappear upon Mount Olympus, where he found Athena in wait.
"Zeus, we must talk."
"What is there to discuss?"
"The One."
This was a matter that Zeus had avoided for many years.  He knew that Athena would discuss it again and he did not wish to do so.  "I am weary of thought on The One."
Athena was confused.  "When have you, in these nearly three thousand years, turned your attention toward it?"
"On occasion."  Zeus realized Athena would speak her mind regardless of his own will.  "Carry on."
"We have acted these many centuries as if we were the most supreme beings in command over Kobol," she said.  "You told me near the beginning that The One would be revealed unto the humans after a time."
"So I did."
"Humanity is yet stable.  There is great peace and prosperity.  Why have you not revealed the truth unto them?"
Zeus thought and then answered, "We have dominion over the north, over Galatia only.  When all of Kobol is under our sway, I shall do as you have wished."
"I do not believe you."
Zeus was surprised by her indignation.  "Why do you say this?"
"You have become too enamored of the worship you receive and you are also weakened by your mating with the people of Kobol."  Athena moved slightly away from Zeus' light for she saw that it waxed in brightness.  "Your will does not seem disposed toward giving up your power."
"I will do as I see fit for I am the chief of The One's tenders upon this world and in the universes we have visited.  The Wager with The One was my doing and the terms were according to my will.  We have five thousand of their years to raise them up higher than they could have been otherwise and thus strengthen the foundation and growth of their Tree."
Athena interrupted, "The spirit of this bet you have accomplished, but The One did not acquiesce to our usurping of its favor."
Zeus believed he had cornered her logic.  "When has The One sought favor from the seeds of its Trees?"
Athena thought and could not recall such a time.  "I do not know."
"Why should now be any different?"
Athena thought once again and spoke meekly.  "It should not."
"Thank you," Zeus said.
"And yet," Athena began again, "there has not been a situation like unto this one in all the worlds we have visited.  The One has afforded us powers and freedoms we have not had in times past.  Can it not be said that we have stunted the growth of this Tree?  The Lords have strictly governed the growth and migration of this race and controlled the manner of their development.  The feet of our wards trod only upon this continent and a few islands besides.  Why should they not also wander the islands to the south and even into Scythia?"
Athena knew the answer before Zeus spoke it, "I fear that Prometheus' people would undermine our work."  Zeus had not thought on the exiled tender for quite some time.  "Perhaps the time is near for us to ask our subjects to multiply and sweep across all vistas and even onto the seas."
"Near indeed."
Zeus, though, moved toward Athena.  "I would ask that you take greater part in the worship performed in your name.  Go to Athens and absorb the gifts of their being that they give forth, just as they absorb the feelings of your own being that you radiate."
Athena replied, "I see some wisdom in this.  If we are to reveal unto them the truth entire at some point in the future, it would do us well to be involved in that manner so we may more effectively redirect their efforts."
Zeus smiled and felt secure again in his seat upon the mount, for he knew the nurturing demeanor of the goddess.  "And I see wisdom in that."
Chapter 21

Eos and Asclepius dwelled among the Thirteenth Tribe, learning the great progress they had accomplished with the aid of Prometheus.  After a time, both were able to contribute ideas of their own to the Tribe's efforts.
Eos it was who aided Daedalus and his labor to build a great vessel.  "This is to travel into the stars themselves should our existence be threatened," he told the child of Atlas.
"Then my presence is fortuitous, for my father has studied them for decades on decades and he has observed the shell that encases the world."
At this was Daedalus intrigued.  "What can you tell me of this shell?  Is it solid, like unto a glass wall?  Or is it an energy, like unto lightning?"
Eos was troubled for she knew not the precise answer.  "Hearing my father speak of it, I would say the latter.  I fear that any vessel which leaves the ground and surpasses the clouds must traverse the barrier somehow."
Daedalus nodded and showed her the plans for their massive engines.  "Prometheus gave these ideas unto us that we may build upon them and make them manifest.  In the spinning of these rings, the very fabric of space becomes curved so we may travel greater distances in shorter times."
Eos became fearful for there was a familiarity with this design.  "Has this been built?"
"It has, but not to completion and certainly not that we may actually use it."
Eos took a writing utensil and began to scratch out numbers and formulas for the creating of great energy.  "Have you seen maths such as this?"
"I have," Daedalus said and then he was stunned, "but these in particular … where did you learn them?"
"My father, I believe."  Eos sat upon a stool and started to write more, "Perhaps a seed of Atlas in my mind has begun to sprout."
Elsewhere, Asclepius worked with Pandora and they peered into a tube that they may perceive the elements of life more closely.  "It seems to me that you have all the knowledge you need to perpetuate life as you have designed."  Asclepius felt more adrift than Eos for he was caught unawares in wonderment of all that these people had created in the art of healing.
"And so we have," she replied.  "Death has not touched our kind for some time.  Over the centuries, Prometheus was grieved that so much knowledge and strength of life could well within a person only to have that person's body wither like a plucked blossom.  Our kind have endeavored to extend life."
"And this you have accomplished?"
"Beyond all measure of reason."  Pandora motioned to a diagram.  It depicted a colorful yet twisted ladder.  "The threads within our beings are now under our control and many ailments are wiped away with the slightest efforts.  Magnificent as this may be, the body still weakens under the burden of years."  She moved her hand and the image changed to that of a great device and the parts it contained.  "We have conceived a manner of immortality.  We create copies of our bodies that lie in wait for some disaster to befall us.  They are but empty shells ready to receive the whole of our thought and mind."
Asclepius was again bewildered at these words and he spoke softly.  "I would like to see this."
Pandora led the doctor away from the lab and into a large structure.  Standing like trees in an orchard, glass bottles held a translucent, golden ichor.  Within them, Asclepius could discern the shadows of people; adrift and asleep.  She held his hand and pulled him to one canister, saying, "This is me.  Should I be mortally wounded, my spirit would be sent to this bottle and the woman within would awaken.  Her mind would be as mine and every bit as old, yet the flesh upon her bones would be only twenty-five."  The fluid ebbed and Asclepius watched the head of the woman inside.  He could see enough to know that Pandora was not deceiving him.  "So it would be were we not at a loss, for the transmission of memories into these bodies eludes us," she said.  "We are not as studied in the substance of our brains that the paths may be mapped."
"If death has not touched your kind and you have not yet cast spirits into their younger forms, then where do these minds yet abide?"
Pandora then motioned to a large device that filled a wall.  "They are stored within and await further understanding of our own flesh."
Then did Asclepius smile.  "I have studied the fleshly mind and I know the lobes related to memory.  Teach me all you may of your transmissions and I shall aid their movement into these jars."
"I will," Pandora said.
Asclepius looked out of the window into the plains that rolled far away from Panopeus.  "In the north, our medicine is so very far behind yours that I had only recently discovered the ability to prevent miniscule life particles from infecting all.  I placed deceased versions of these ailments within the healthy and their bodies were able to erect defenses.  I believed I was brilliant."
Pandora smiled.  "You did so on your own, without the aid of Apollo.  In our case, we had Prometheus and he gave us that help centuries ago."
Asclepius spoke again softly, "When our time here is at an end, I wish to take this knowledge into the north so that my people may enjoy life without the fear of death."
Chapter 22

While the Thirteenth Tribe labored for the fulfillment of Prometheus' works, the goddess Artemis underwent significant turmoil and difficulty.
For many years, the being like unto her brother, Apollo, attempted to coerce her to enter a human woman for the purposes of creating life, but this would Artemis not do.
"I have no such desire," she said.  "I am regarded as the goddess of the hunt and renowned for my purity.  To give birth to a child, even in the pouring out of my flame, would desecrate me in the eyes of many of my followers, and this I do not wish to do."
Apollo was a frequent engager in the arts of possession and mating, having fathered Aristaeus, Asclepius, Orpheus, Troilus and many more besides.  His capacity was confined and believed that Artemis could be tempted to recant her position should a sufficient lover be provided.
Apollo sought the frontiers and wandered the villages alongside great forests and plains.  He discovered hunters and marksmen and brought them to Artemis' temples in Gemini.  Very often, she ignored those that came.
One such suitor was named Adonis, and he was boastful of his skills and reveled in his own vanity.  At a festival to the goddess, he bragged that he could kill a great boar at a further pace than could Artemis.  The goddess' presence at the event was slight, but upon hearing this, she took her full form and bade Adonis make good his bluster.
The attendees moved from the temple and into the woods nearby so that a great animal may be found and flushed out.  Artemis sensed the fear within the man and she allowed him to go first, knowing that this would confound him further.  Dozens tramped among the trees for nearly two hours before a tremendous beast appeared.  Adonis struggled with his bow and the boar charged the man and gouged his belly forthwith.  Artemis looked into the sky and saw that Apollo had observed all and she was pleased by his disappointment.
Her brother then raised up Alpheus, a great seaman and hunter, who Apollo believed could win Artemis' heart with his abilities.  He brought the man into Artemis' temple and found there a priestess named Arethusa.  Ignorant of the priestess' vow of celibacy, Apollo bade Alpheus to go in unto Arethusa so that Artemis may see his prowess and become aroused.  Artemis descended to the temple at her brother's bidding and found Alpheus trying to defile one of her beloved attendants.  Artemis' form lit upon the floor and she kicked the man from her priestess, felling him into a fountain.  He struck his head and became crippled.
Apollo was at wit's end and knew not how to proceed.  He spoke to Artemis near Delphi, saying, "I seek only your happiness and the fulfillment of your presence upon this world by your bringing more life into it."
"That is what you seek and I am glad you found it for yourself," she said.  "This is not what I seek.  I am sated in the life I live.  I am lifted by the praise my followers give unto me and I am likewise lifted by the succor I provide unto those who need it.  I do not require the creation of more life to meet these ends."
Apollo did not fully understand all that she said and asked, "Allow me one final choice.  One last man, so great in stature and skill that even you may not be able to resist him."
Artemis was weary of her brother's attempts but was pleased to hear that they may be near an end.  "Very well.  Choose your champion wisely."
Apollo departed from her and sought for years.  He trudged through jungles after hunters and into the desert for hardy nomads.  He rode upon the waves after sailors and across the plains for sturdy horsemen.  Finally, he found the mighty Orion.
He was a hunter taller than most mortal men and he bore a smile that bespoke of his enjoyment of life.  When Orion first lay his eyes upon the goddess, he fell into a stupor and his heart was taken with her.  Artemis, for her part, felt for him also, though she would not say this.  
"Orion is from Boeotia in Aquarius," Apollo said.  "He is well versed in the ways of the sail for he has caught monstrous fish and survived fell storms in the Ionian Ocean.  He is a master of the bow and has hunted boar and deer in the forests of Voras.  He has taken his blade into the jungles of Leo and slain terrific quarry.  He has walked across the mighty Ordos Desert and emerged erect and indefatigable on the far side.  This is Orion, the greatest among men."
Artemis moved closer to him and would have embraced him had her brother not been present.  Orion seemed at once eager and yet afraid and said naught.  After a time, Artemis looked deep into Orion's eyes, saying, "I see all that you are upon the surface yet I feel I must know who you are within."  Orion nodded his head once and Artemis clasped her hand behind his neck.
She spilled her light into his eyes and wandered through his mind.  There, she found endless fields of green and flowers and life bounding from thicket to thicket and tree to tree.  At the center of the glade, Orion stood, bathed in the perfect golden rays of the sun.  His smile was as before and he beckoned her forth.  In Orion's mind, her stature was like unto his and they each had a fire of life within.
Orion and Artemis wandered the forest hand in hand, watching the birds and minding their step for woodland creatures scurried to and fro.  They swam along the banks of a river with water so clear it appeared as cool molten glass.  Fish leapt from the waves and sprayed a mist over their heads so that a glorious rainbow stretched from shore to shore.  They departed the river and moved to the face of a cliff so that they may overlook their domain and rest comfortably in each other's arms.  Once the night fell, Artemis removed her robe and lay it beside her quiver and bow.  She swooned upon Orion's broad chest and they made love until the dawn.  
Within Orion's mind, Artemis' energy swelled.  The man's body quaked and Apollo bade her depart.  She did not hear.  Artemis' revelry continued and the mighty Orion fell to his knees as though stung and Artemis' link with him was broken.  His hair had gone white and his skin pale.  He lived and yet no thought would be produced within him again.
Artemis was overcome and her body wasted upon a slight breeze that scattered it from the temple and away into the woods.  After many days, she caused herself to drift to Olympus where she met Lord Zeus and sought his counsel.
"I have heard what transpired and I grieve for you," he said.  Zeus listened carefully to all that Apollo had said about her entering Orion's mind.  He recalled his doing so unto Hecate and the result of that effort.
"I will never find his like again and I will not search for his memory is too pleasant and yet too painful."
Zeus moved closer to her and embraced her light.  "No burden is upon you to do so.  If you wish for solitude, then you may have it."
Artemis seemed fortified and cast her thought across the world.  "The land of Elysium is yet forbidden to mankind?"
"It is," Zeus said.  "No tribe was born there and none have sailed thither.  For now, all our subjects remain upon Galatia.  When we stretch forth, we shall do so into the south, into Scythia."
Artemis paused and then thought weakly, "I would ask for Elysium to remain a refuge and sanctuary so that no man may step upon its shores.  Would you command this?"
Zeus felt pity for Artemis and he saw the torment within her spirit.  For the countless ages they had worked in The One's service, he often thought of her as a daughter and he wished to ease her burden in whatever manner he felt possible.
"This I command."
Artemis was pleased and her light departed Galatia and swept over the Arcadian Ocean to the continent of Elysium.  Amidmost the land, she found great green plains touched by majestic mountains and streaked with pure rivers.  There, standing in her usual form, Artemis wept for all of this she recalled seeing within the mind of the man whom she loved.
For the people of Kobol, they knew of Elysium and that it was a land on the far side of the globe.  Zeus forbade anyone to travel there and few ever attempted it.  Once Artemis made her abode there, the priests and believers sought to make sense of this and said that the goddess pursued the soul of Orion, which was near enough the truth.  They came to believe that all souls that departed the loyal subjects of the Lords went unto Elysium and into the glorious daylight of the Elysian Fields, dwelling there for all eternity.
Over the ensuing ages, Artemis would return to Galatia only briefly, but more often, the gods themselves would visit her upon those cherished lands.  Apollo most frequently appeared and gave comfort to his sister who still wept for Orion.
Chapter 23

"The time has come," Prometheus said unto the assembled audience.  "For generations upon generations, the people of Panopeus have labored with me to defeat death itself that we may not suffer another loss as great as the host swept away by the Flood.  We have also toiled to create a vessel for our people to depart this world if the Lords of Galatia find our presence distasteful."  
Pandora felt suddenly weakened and she stepped to the being's side.  "Why would they do so when we are the kin of their own children?"
Prometheus understood and readied the same statement he spoke unto his tribe when they asked at other times in the last three millennia.  "Zeus and his kind are vainglorious and desire the stability of their command.  The coming of the Thirteenth Tribe may upset them and I fear for what they may do.  I had a forethought centuries ago that bringing unto you life nigh immortal may not suffice.  Thus, we have prepared the vessel for the stars."  He placed his large arm about the shoulders of Pandora and said unto the crowd, "The Thirteenth Tribe is precious to me and I would have it survive at all cost."
So Prometheus said, yet his foresight did not prevent the dwindling of his people.  So consumed were they with the advancements he prescribed, they did not multiply and spread across Scythia.  They lived in comfort and good health, for certain, but in societies where this is so, fewer children are produced and growth is stagnant.  Only over the last few years once death was fully conquered with the aid of Asclepius had their numbers begun to swell again outside of large powered devices.
Eos and the son of Apollo both walked with Prometheus from the platform toward the laboratories where the scores of duplicated people awaited the spark of life.  "The time has come," he said again.  Pandora took Asclepius' hand and smiled for the two had grown close in the years that he sought to learn and aid Prometheus' designs.  This vexed Eos but she did not complain or place blame upon any.  Instead, she kept her thoughts focused on the problems of their vessel and her work with Daedalus.
"I will return to the north," Asclepius said.  
"That is good," Prometheus said.  "You will take with you twelve of my most valued counselors.  Like all of my people now, they are prepared should anger befall them and death take them.  They will be reborn here."
"Yes," Asclepius said and he cast his eyes low.  "Prometheus, if we are received well, I would like to give the gift of immortality unto all my people that death may not touch them again."
Prometheus was at first concerned and somewhat angered, but then he thought better of Asclepius' desire and smiled.  "You are in the right.  What we have created is something that all mankind should share."
Asclepius was pleased and bade Eos farewell, for he knew not if he would be returning to Scythia.  Then he, Pandora and eleven others went to an airship that glided over Scythia and then over the Arcadian Ocean.  Due north they traveled for days before turning to the east.  Their craft stayed near to the sea, being kissed with the foam of the waves lest they be discovered before the time came.  Once shore became sighted, the airship plunged into the water and became like unto a boat of tremendous design and speed.  It docked at a public facility and all were amazed at its sight.  Asclepius told the harbormaster he was a son of Apollo and warned him to leave it be.
They walked to the nearest village and found a horse-drawn cart to take them to the City of the Gods.  The twelve and Asclepius rode in the hay along the uneven road and the twelve were stunned.
"So pastoral is the north," said one.  "I hear neither vehicle nor industry."
"Yes," said Pandora.  "There are millions that dwell here and yet we have amenities beyond their imagining for our few thousand."
Asclepius knew this to be true.  "I have turned my attention to this matter often and I believe that the Lords of Olympus will it so.  With a population such as this, they may control it more directly.  And by leaving them to the farms, the people will not devise means of flying nigh unto Olympus itself and believe that they could do without the lordship of the Pantheon."
At midday, the cart arrived in the City of the Gods and despite their earlier criticism and disbelief, the twelve were taken aback at the size of the establishment and the sheer number of people.
"Great is this city," one said.  
"What is that structure at the hub of it all?"
"That is the Opera House," Asclepius said, "for music and theater is beloved by Dionysus and by my father."
"And that, with its pearlescent columns that reach above so many homes?"
"That is Forum where the business of ruling the City and all Galatia is attended to by priests, magistrates and the people of each nation."
And so did Asclepius show unto the twelve all of the City that they desired.  After a time, they came to Asclepius' home and found it untouched as he had planned before his departure.  He bade the twelve to enter and there they remained to rest and eat foods that they purchased in the agoras.  In the early morning once the sun rose, the twelve began a council to devise their strategies.
At this time did Zeus depart from the home of a neighbor near to Asclepius where he had congressed with a woman.  Able to see beyond the realm of the physical senses known to mankind, Zeus saw the fire of Apollo's son behind the walls of his abode.  His energy softened by a night of carousing, Zeus still purposed to visit and see why Asclepius was absent for so many years.  Thus, he took form in the seating area and startled the twelve greatly.
Zeus' face was proud and smiling and the spirit he gave off was cheerful, but then he saw the truth of the twelve visitors.  His mind churned and his fire grew hot and angered.  The visitors from the south quailed and Zeus turned to his grandson, "You return to our city and array before me twelve serpents?"
Asclepius was fearful also, for even he was not immune to the mood that poured out from the Lord of Lords.  "They are friends of mine from the south."
"'The south,' indeed," he said.  "Sneaking into our midst as snakes in the grasses.  These are Prometheus' people."
"Why does that anger you, O Zeus?" Pandora asked.
"You would open a jar that should remain shut, girl," the god responded.  In the intervening centuries, Zeus' remembrances of Prometheus' earlier coming became tainted with ill will and clouded by inflated distrust.  "Prometheus has been banned from returning to the north and yet he sends forth emissaries …" Zeus paused for he noted something that his eye had been blinded to before now.  From the mind of each of the twelve, Zeus descried a thin tendril that whisked away and into the south.  "What is this?" he hissed.
"What, grandfather?" Asclepius said. 
"Serpents, I said and knew not the fullness of that truth."  His being flashed whilst Zeus followed the line over land and sea.  "What madness has Prometheus devised?"
Asclepius stood despite his fear and began to speak, "They are from Scythia and they are emissaries of Prometheus, but they seek only to know if the time has come for their tribe to live among ours."
Zeus perceived the nature of the energy that connected these twelve and he grew despondent for he knew what Prometheus had revealed unto them.  "A foul sorcery my kin has unleashed upon your people.  He would circumvent the order of things and brace the Tree unnaturally."  Zeus hesitated and paid no heed to the people's objections as he thought.  "I have cut your tethers.  You are no longer yoked to your devices in the south."
The twelve grew fearful anew and Pandora spoke, saying, "Why would you do this to us?"
Zeus ignored her and said to Asclepius, "I will imprison you for a time until I discern your role in this matter."  
The god vanished from the house.  Before Asclepius could say anything unto the twelve, they collapsed in a heap and died for Zeus slew them silently.  The son of Apollo wailed and cradled the body of Pandora for a short while before the City's watch came at Zeus' bidding and removed him.
Chapter 24

For several days, Prometheus stood guard near the waiting bodies of his heralds into the north.  Asclepius had no such clone here, for there was not time to grow one and he did not yet desire it.
On occasion, Prometheus touched the cables of the canisters and he heard and saw the memories that flowed in the night.  When he realized the twelve arrived in the City of the Gods, Prometheus stretched forth his mind into the cord of Pandora and he heard what she and the others discussed in the early dawn.  Then he felt Zeus' presence.
Prometheus shrank in fear, lest the leader of The One's tenders perceive the exiled one's intrusion.  Carefully, he extended himself again and heard all that Zeus said and did.  When the bind to Pandora's mind was severed, Prometheus' fell back as though struck and his energy drained him.  After some moments, he gathered himself again and saw that the green circles illuminated upon the face of Pandora's cask had gone red and he knew that she and her companions were lost.
"What is wrong, my lord?" Daedalus said upon his entry to the storehouse.
Prometheus stood and his gaze moved north.  "Pandora and the others are dead."  Daedalus was stunned and he fell against the wall.  "Zeus said that I brought serpents unto him and his lands and he cut the lines for our envoys.  But Asclepius, I feel, lives."
"What of our other kindred who have gone into the north to live?"  Daedalus shook his head with worry.  "They were the few who did not wish to journey into space, yet their doom upon this world may be worse than any in the dark beyond."
Prometheus closed his eyes in thought.  "They are yet concealed and they have been instructed with the means to become one with the Twelve Nations and yet separate."
Daedalus moved closer to the being.  "What shall we do?"
In his heart, Prometheus was angered.  For the preservation of his people, he knew that he must not lash out as he so wished, for the numbers of his Tribe were still far outweighed by those in the north.  "I will go into Galatia and seek Asclepius' pardon, by either perfidy or petition."
"You will be captured by Zeus, will you not?"
Prometheus smiled and placed his hand upon Daedalus' shoulder.  "Perhaps.  If I am able to retreat, I will return.  Regardless, you must prepare your vessel and gather the people unto you that they may take to the stars."
Thus were the last words spoken by Prometheus in the south.  Daedalus, in his anger over the loss of his friends, said, "So, the Thirteenth Tribe is as unto serpents?  This ship then shall bear serpents hence and be named Ophiuchus."
Prometheus' caused his being to dissolve and his light to soar through stone and soil and rise again in the north near to the Cambunian Mountains.  Warily did he ascend and he took the form of Pandora, both to escape the notice of the City's people and to also make a silent protest against her slaying.
He moved among the people stealthily and found the building wherein he believed Asclepius to be held.  He did not stretch forth his thought out of fear that doing so would draw the attention of the kindred tenders.
He entered the housing of the City Watch and found few in attendance for there was a festival near unto the Opera House.  Holding cells lay underground and Prometheus perceived that only two guards were there.  
At this point, Prometheus did something that he had not done in many thousands of years.  The tenders of old, before the Wager and their direct involvement in mankind's growth, were like unto spirits and guiding voices, helping urge beings to make certain decisions so their people or race may endure and thrive, thus watering the Great Tree as The One purposed.
Prometheus looked into the face of the watchman behind the front desk and peered quickly into his mind.  He saw there memories and faces that swam about in feelings and urges.  Quickly, Prometheus moved out of the room and appeared only to the guard as his sister, saying, "Iphitus!  Come forth at once for our mother has grown ill at the festival!"
Stunned at hearing such news and seeing his sister so troubled, the man departed his post and ran into the streets, searching for his sibling and moving toward the center of the City.
Prometheus quickly resumed his hidden form as Pandora and he stood motionless, fearing that the use of his power in this way would draw the gods to him.  When they did not come, he walked into the offices of the station and then to the stairs where he felt a jailer standing watch beyond a door.  He aimed to do the same to her as he had to Iphitus, but he grew impatient and fearful of his exposure.  He reached out with his thought and gave her a slight push, sending her mind reeling and causing her to collapse unconscious.  He entered the holding area and saw Asclepius by the barred door asking after the guard's health.
"Pandora!" he exclaimed.  "Zeus did not sever your connection after all!"
"No, Asclepius," Prometheus said, "I am not Pandora.  I am Prometheus in her guise that I may slip unawares through the City and gather you up for escape."
At this was Asclepius grieved again, for he loved her.  "Thank you, but you should not worry.  I am the grandson of Zeus and I do not fear for my own safety."
"Perhaps you should for Zeus would not wish the knowledge you carry to be used here in Galatia."
Asclepius was confused for a moment and then he remembered what Zeus said in his home the day prior.  "I see.  If we may escape, I will go with you into the south, never to return."
Prometheus then felt a slight breeze in the room, pulling miniscule fragments of dust to a windowless, doorless area.  At once, Prometheus stood and his form shifted in a brilliant manner to that of his own and he glowed as bright as the sun.
Zeus came.  He stood at the far end of the chamber and willed the door closed.  He then spoke, saying, "You have come into the north against the ban I placed upon you so many years ago."
"I came for Asclepius," Prometheus answered.  "He wishes to remain in Scythia with my people and will not return."
"I do not care what he wishes," Zeus boomed as he strode toward his opponent.  "I have made my wishes known and you have disobeyed them."  He raised his hand and at once, Prometheus was caught within an energy against which he could not struggle.
"You would think that my power has waned," Zeus said, smirking as he did so.  "But you forget that there is power in the many."  Ares and Poseidon both appeared from empty cells, their hands also raised.  "With their help, I hold sway over you."
Prometheus beat upon the invisible walls to no avail.  He spoke, but his voice was muffled by the barrier, "What will you do with my people?"
"You will see," Zeus said.  "I intend for you to see all that transpires from your prison, deep below in the fires of the core."  Prometheus scoffed at this and Zeus spoke again, "I know what you would ask.  The One will decide your disposition upon its return, but I fear that it will be displeased that you gave such knowledge unto a race that was not prepared for it."  
At that, the three gods' arms swelled in light and the air wavered with heat.  Prometheus' raiment was shattered and only his light remained.  Then the Lords pushed that light into the ground far below the surface and placed about him a permanent globe, trapping his spirit within.
Zeus turned to Ares and said, "Gather unto you a great army and sail into the south."  To Poseidon, he said, "Gather unto you a great cavalry.  Together shall you wipe Scythia clean of this tainted tribe."
The two Lords departed and Zeus knelt by the guard.  With a touch, she stirred and rose quickly, startled by the presence of the god.  Zeus stood and went to the door of Asclepius' cell, saying, "You shall remain here for a time longer, in case I have need of you."
And Zeus vanished.
Chapter 25

Above the covered plain outside the abandoned city Panopeus, the great vessel Ophiuchus lifted into the sky upon pillars of fire and smoke.
Daedalus piloted the ship into the clouds while Eos, daughter of Atlas, remained at the head of the cabin to assuage the spirits of the fearful thousands.  They crowded within the hull among many tools and foods that they may survive in their new land.
"My father has told me of lush worlds beyond the veil," Eos said while her voice quaked in the rumbling of the vessel.  "Paths around stars and through clouds of dust.  It will take time, but when we arrive, we will find for us a full life in the waiting."  She clenched the arms of her seat and spoke to the five around her, "Will The One heed prayers if we offer them up?"
One of the five smiled, saying, "I believe so."
"Then let us pray," Eos said, and the six of them closed their eyes and turned their thoughts to The One.
The Ophiuchus broke through the uppermost bank of vapor and reached the edge of space itself.  Gravity lost its grip and the encompassing globe loomed ahead, though it could not be seen by either instrument or eye.
That was when Zeus' gaze was drawn to it.
"What is this?" he said from the peak of Olympus.  The metal vessel ferried thousands beyond his realm and he was greatly angered again.  "The treachery of Prometheus," he said, "would poison the Tree and remove seeds from its growth."  This he believed though he had dispatched Ares and Poseidon for their slaughter.  Zeus stretched forth toward the blackness and found his grasp weak.  He called unto him Hermes, Dionysus, Hephaestus, Aphrodite and Apollo to draw upon their strength.  The six of them together had diminished over the years and could not affect something so great as it moved beyond the place of their dominion.  For The One decreed that the power of the Lords should dwell upon Kobol and even within it, but not beyond it, thus the shell.
Zeus found that he could see into the minds of the several thousands aboard and he purposed one of his greatest sins against the will of The One.  He recalled his dealing with Hecate and his journey into her mind.  The sensitivity of the information there controlled her whole being and he knew the folly of such an act, too, hearing the story of Artemis and Orion.
He again drew upon the light of the assembled gods and reached into the Ophiuchus, lightly touching each of the minds within.  The fires of the gathered Pantheon waned sorely and Zeus began to change the very fabric of each person's thought.  From each he pulled memories of The One and replaced them with images and sayings of the Pantheon.  The Olympians he put atop their thinking that they may believe in them and forget all they knew of The One that Prometheus had taught.
This Zeus believed was a far more satisfying and painful revenge unto Prometheus than the simple felling of that craft.  Thus could life continue and a tree spread elsewhere, but their wills were altered and not in line with all that Prometheus had designed.
While Zeus did this, Eos saw those around her fall into a swoon and leave consciousness.  She became fearful and felt the probing fingers of Zeus.  Inside of her, the fires of Hera and Atlas rose, and her will turned solid.  Eos reached out to each of the five nearest her and clustered their heads together.  "We must remain strong!  Keep your minds on The One and be brave!"
Zeus' movements encountered resistance at this and he was confused.  He sensed Eos and knew of a new treachery that he would deal with later.  As he was about to thrust his will into her more violently, a new obstacle appeared.
Atlas saw the ship rise from his post atop Atlantis and he also saw Zeus attempt to corrupt all aboard.  The steely spirit of his daughter he felt and he moved to the side of the Ophiuchus to block Zeus' advance.  This took nearly all of Atlas' will, for he was now far beyond the bounds of Kobol.
"I will not allow you to harm my daughter!" he said.  "You would undermine the very will of The One by bending all of these people to your own ends!"
Zeus heard Atlas and he pushed further without a response.  His touch was diverted around Eos and those she gathered with because of her own spirit and the protective nature of her father, but Zeus was able to reach the remainder of those aboard.  The lights of Zeus, Apollo and the others faded and blew upon the winds for they could do no more.
Eos felt that the danger had passed, though she knew not its true nature at the time.  She also sensed that her father had aided her and she cast her eyes to the window, seeing the speckled blackness of space surrounding the gentle curve of blue below.  "Thank you," she said softly.
"The danger has not passed," he whispered in her mind.  "All of your companions have fallen under a spell and your craft speeds toward the shell!"
Her eyes widened and she stood from her seat.  "What is it?" one of the five asked, for they and Eos were the only ones among the thousands to escape Zeus' reach and remain alert.
"Daedalus needs help."  She entered the cockpit and found that he was, indeed, asleep.  His eyes quivered and his lips moved as though muttering some incantation.  She studied the array of lights and controls, finding that nearly all was set.  One square in particular glowed blue and ebbed in brightness before swelling again.  She pressed it and her stomach lurched.
The Ophiuchus' engines spun and a glow emerged from metal windows along its side.  The whiteness flashed from one end to the other and the ship disappeared from above Kobol before it could collide with The One's barrier.
Atlas, though, was adrift.  His glow was diminished beyond recovery and he perceived for the first time the true glory and beauty of space, for he was surrounded by it.  He did not stretch toward Atlantis.  He accepted that oblivion awaited him and felt at peace as his being smashed into the wall of the capsule and scattered.
Chapter 26

After many days, Zeus' spirit coalesced and he took form again upon Mount Olympus in the guise of his usual light.  He was weary and weak, yet he had not forgotten all that he learned while in contact with Eos, Atlas and the others on board that vessel.
First, he called unto him Hera, his wife.  He learned the truth of her infidelity when he touched Eos and saw that she was the woman's mother.  
"Why have you summoned me?" Hera asked.
Zeus bound her immediately and said, "You have dogged me for ages regarding my desires and actions among the people and yet you do the same but with one of our own kind?"
Hera was immobilized, yet she spoke, "I cannot fathom why you, Zeus, of all upon this rock would punish me for doing what I have done."
"You comingled your light with that of another Lord," he said.  "This I have not done.  Of the Olympians, you alone have been my partner in the creation of new life."
Hera thought for a moment and realized this to be true.  Zeus' jealousy, though, still bewildered her, "What is the point of your malice?  We are not truly wed."
Zeus' thought was clouded by the days his being spent lost upon the wind and by his diminished spirit after ages of pouring forth his energy into the seed of mortals.  "We are wed in the minds of our subjects and a betrayal of this nature I cannot abide.  Fear not; your sentence is not oblivion."
Zeus then cast her light south of the city and caused it to dwell upon the dual peaks known as the Gates of Heroes.  Afterward, the people would call that place the Gates of Hera, for there she dwelled for a full century and her light was visible both day and night.  When she was released, she had little to do with Zeus for the remainder of their dominion upon Kobol and this gave rise to many stories among the people regarding their relationship.
Once Hera had been dealt with, Zeus moved into the City of the Gods and pardoned Asclepius.  The healer departed the cell and shielded his eyes from the noon sun.
"Why have you freed me?" he asked.
Zeus answered not.  Instead, he turned and began to walk out of the City and into the north near the Cambunian Mountains.  Asclepius followed his grandfather in silence, hoping that the Lord of Lords would deign to speak unto him.
Finally, once the last leg of the Peneius River was crossed, Zeus turned to Asclepius and said, "I see within your mind a wealth of knowledge regarding life and death as taught unto you by Prometheus."
Asclepius was unnerved but knew there was no point in denial.  "This is true."
"I also see that you purpose to teach all that you know unto the people of Galatia, that death itself may be averted."
Asclepius looked at his own feet.  "This also is true."
Zeus heaved a great sigh and cast his gaze toward Olympus.  "I have come to believe that the people of Galatia are not as far along as they should be.  The rogue Prometheus managed to advance his tiny tribe to such astounding lengths that they might cheat death and even the hold this planet keeps upon their vehicles.  It is time, I believe, for our people to be fruitful and multiply that all corners of Galatia and even Scythia feel their presence."
Asclepius was pleased and smiled broadly, "Thank you, O Zeus.  I concur, wholeheartedly."
"I cannot, however, allow the knowledge of immortal life to remain within you."
Asclepius' face fell and he was sorely disappointed.  "Hades stalks all the lands and our people succumb to simple disease and poor conditions."
"Then you shall work on those diseases and abate those poor conditions."  Zeus placed a hand on Asclepius' shoulder and said, "You will be the greatest healer Kobol shall ever know.  Truly, a son of Apollo and worthy of note and worship."  As he spoke, the hand of Zeus' mind went in unto Asclepius' thought and erased all that Prometheus taught him on life and death and The One.  "Now go forth and heal."
Asclepius smiled and bowed.  "Thank you, Lord Zeus."
Chapter 27

Ten thousand of Ares' infantry and two thousand of Poseidon's cavalry rode across Scythia, from east to west and north to south.  A few small families they found in huts and cabins, and but two small villages, and these they slew all within them.  Barely one hundred people had been found and Ares grew angry.
"I have come for battle and I find naught but peasants with pitchforks and hoes to smite me?"  He raged before the wind and pressed his soldiers onward.  "We will find all that remain upon this land!"
The cavalry swept to and fro and Ares gave up his human-like countenance that his spirit may spread across the many leagues at a greater speed.  He moved through all the forest and over hills, finding only some huts as before and these he slaughtered posthaste.  
Finally he came upon Panopeus and espied no person at all.  He beckoned Poseidon and he, too, moved over the leagues apace and stood amidst the city's square and marveled at the desolation.
"Were all their kind upon the vessel that leapt to the stars?" Poseidon asked.
Ares' teeth grit and his fists clenched.  "I fear it is so."
The beings went back to their hosts and called them all upon the city and bade them search every building and place that a person may hide.  None were found.  To the west of the city, there was a large field where a structure once stood though now only ash lay heaped upon it.  Poseidon said to Ares, "This is where they devised their means of duplicating their bodies and transmitting their minds."
"They have laid it waste.  Nothing is to be found here."  Ares flashed to the covered plain whereupon the Ophiuchus was constructed and likewise found scorched desolation.  "Zeus asked us to recover as much technology and information as possible that we might give some measure of it unto the people of Galatia."
Poseidon nodded.  "There are records within the city still.  I will peruse them and erase what remains of their immortality scheme.  The carts and boats may then ferry what is left into the north."
Poseidon disappeared to give orders to his horde whilst Ares remained.  The soldiers continued their search of Panopeus and Ares bellowed toward the sky.
Chapter 28

During the affair of the Thirteenth Tribe, a portion of the Lords of Kobol paid no heed.  Zeus, of course, was most involved.  Apollo, Hermes, Dionysus, Hephaestus and Aphrodite aided in some measure in the grasping of the escaping tribe's minds and Ares and Poseidon searched Scythia for evidence of Prometheus' misdeeds, as you have seen.
The others, though, were not so engaged and were instead busied with other matters.  Artemis remained upon the Elysian Fields.  Demeter and Hera were involved with great festivals in their honors across the lands.  Athena took note of the events, but she, too, was similarly distracted.
Hestia, however, was both grieved and aggrieved.  The goddess of the hearth took full part in the Wager negotiated by Zeus and she believed The One's role in all things would be introduced unto the people ere long.  She was disappointed that it had not and she forbade any construction of temples in her name, saying the homes of the people would suffice.  She withdrew from the council upon Olympus and did not heed Zeus' calls over the years.  She witnessed all that had been done against the Thirteenth Tribe and Prometheus especially.  She was angered and spoke to Zeus some time after the exiled god had been bound beneath the world.
"I will be departing this realm and meeting oblivion as Atlas and the others have before me."
Zeus was taken aback and drew his light closer to hers that they may speak in secret.  "For three thousand years have you dwelled upon Kobol and given warmth and aid to the households that request it …"
"This I have done for your subjects are but innocents and I will not ignore their pleas."
"Yet you would leave when two thousand years yet remain in the Wager?"  Hestia did not waver.  Zeus spoke again, "What if the people need you in the coming ages?"
"They will need to pray unto a different Lord, for I will not hear them."  She lifted her being from the pinnacle of Olympus toward the sky.  She stopped shortly after and turned, speaking loudly that the other tenders may hear, "The day of The One cometh sooner than you surmise.  The calendar is fixed and yet events are in motion that may bring about the doom of all before that date is reached."
Zeus was amazed and spoke with awe, "Have you some heretofore unknown prescience that has been denied the rest of us by The One?"
"No, Zeus," she said.  "I have less forethought than Prometheus but neither am I blind."  With that, her spirit turned and moved beyond the clouds and into the void where she, too, crashed upon the barrier about the globe.
Athena heard Hestia's foretelling and felt afraid.  She knew the truth that Hestia spoke for she had felt it often herself.  In her three millennia upon Kobol, Athena became enamored of the people, seeing the capacity for great things within them.  
"I believe it possible that I may convey some truths about the world to my followers and not exalt myself so highly that I take The One's place above all," she said to Artemis during a visit to Elysium.
Softly, the archer goddess replied, "If this is what you deem possible and honest, do so.  I see your spirit is yet pure, unlike many of our fellow tenders who have fallen prey to petty desires like lust and pride."  Artemis looked upon the rivers of her domain and said, "I myself have repented of the works people committed in my name.  I wish that all the Lords would turn their minds unto The One, like you."
Athena lowered her head and wept softly.  "I will lower my stature among my people so that they may see me as more a guide than a god.  I will ask that they turn their thoughts to each other and love their fellow man and not concern themselves overly with the whims and wishes of the Lords."
"Be wary of how you do this thing," Artemis warned.  "Zeus is weakened and yet powerful.  He is also jealous and easily enraged."
"Indeed," Athena said.  "I believe this is too important for the will of The One to lie fallow for two thousand years more.  I will return to Athens and tend to those seeds as we should have from the start."
Artemis bade her farewell and Athena returned unto the lands where she was most beloved.  She dwelled within the city in a home not unlike the rest and walked with them during the day.  At night, she sang 'round the fires and appeared at every service held in her honor.  In this manner was her spirit made more amiable to her people and approachable and they did not fear her as so many feared the other gods.
Chapter 29

In the coastal village of Cyme, a clutch of wanderers made their permanent home.  They brought with them wagons and beasts of burden and great gifts to barter for a land they would call their own.  
"We shall dwell here," Graecus, leader of the wanderers said.  He offered goods to the townspeople for land and building supplies and they constructed a sprawling farm where they grew crops and raised large barns.
"The secret of our people we shall keep," Graecus said, "for as many ages as we may.  We know not how many of Prometheus' children have scattered into the north, but we shall survive."
Their wagons were uncovered and they placed their own bodies under the ground that they may stay hidden.  From the sun they collected energy to power their devices.  The group of twenty toiled for years, growing after a time to thirty and then forty and beyond, for death came not to their homes.
In Delphi, another clan out of Scythia rooted themselves.  They were not as secluded as Graecus' kind near Cyme and these sought to mingle with the people in their community.
"But mother," one child said to their leader, Hellen, "what shall we do when age or bad fortune has overcome us and our new flesh must enter the city anew, old though it may be?"
Hellen smiled and said, "Have I not considered all things?  When we are reborn we shall take a new name that our ways remain concealed to those of the Twelve Tribes.  We shall say that this new person of our family has arrived from some other part of the world.  There will be similar appearances but this is to be expected within a family."
Thus did these and other families of Scythia move about in the north, planting their homes and affixing their lives to the subjects of the beings that would have slain them.  They were aware of the animosity that Zeus and the others had toward their kin and they stayed away from these spirits as much as they could.  Despite these remembrances, they also kept close to their hearts the sayings of Prometheus, that they should love all life and the world about them.
For centuries they lived within the Twelve Nations and most lived beside new neighbors, appearing as one in like mind and knowledge, though all were terribly advanced.  In the intervening years, the people of the Thirteenth Tribe and the many fruits of their toil in the south slowly elevated the lives of the other Twelve through piecemeal revelations by the gods, though none knew this.
Chapter 30

Zeus commanded that the Twelve Nations be fruitful and multiply and the people responded fervently.  No other god was as eager to encourage these acts as was Aphrodite.
She continued to possess people for the act of fornication, but she adapted her desire of lust and love into her temple services.  Priestesses in her employ acted as holy vessels waiting to be filled by worshippers for which they received blessings in return.  Priests there were, too, that likewise bestowed blessings to female worshippers or to those among men who so desired to lie with another man.
Ardent worshippers of other gods looked down upon followers of Aphrodite for they felt that this was abominable and sullied faith.  Most of the Lords did not feel this way and especially not Aphrodite.  She countered that other gods had their own festivals and means of worship that may be seen as improper or even distasteful.
At this time of swelling populations, Hermes was revered as a fertility god moreso than his regular duties as a lord of commerce.  Festivals and worship services in his honor were marked with symbols, statues, costumes and headgear resembling erect phalluses.  Priests and acolytes took medicines to make their own genitals stand erect for much of the day that they may provide satisfaction to any worshipper that desired it.
Dionysus' frequent festivals had long been criticized for their lengthy duration and had, in recent years, incorporated more intoxicants.  Parades of naked men and women bound through the streets for three days straight and they copulated upon the sidewalks and upon doorsteps.  The city watch in many towns tried to curtail these acts but they were met with anger and weapons.  Anarchy reigned within these villages until the god Dionysus himself came to assuage all concerned.
In the worship of Ares, however, did most find cause to be fearful and scolding.  In the far east, particularly in areas that bordered the Ordos Desert, worshippers of Ares gathered in arenas and held contests in his honor.  Often, the Lord himself would appear and he swelled, great in size, with his skin flushing red to the pulse of the combatants as they raised swords and spears against one another.  Once a victor was named and the opponent lay prone upon the sand, Ares stood over him and stared into his eyes.  The wounded fighter felt fear and his skin crawled as the god's gaze poured into his skull like molten iron.  The fallen screamed and his mind shattered under the duress while the god's pale skin grew brighter with blood and bloodlust.
These battles and services persisted for some time until Zeus appeared during an event in Gedros.  He took Ares from the arena and spoke with him in the foothills of the nearby Voras Mountains.
"Our mission from The One has not changed, though we are more greatly empowered than ever," the leader of the tenders said.  "We are to nurture and guide these people so that the Tree may grow taller and more strong."
Ares was angered for his rage was yet unsated, "We have labored here for more than three thousand revolutions about the sun.  In that period, my skills have not been needed more than a scant few times.  I marched across Galatia with Heracles and Theseus and I moved across Scythia with Poseidon, but I smelled the blood of only a meager several thousand!  My purpose upon these worlds is to sow anger and discord thus making the whole stronger, but you would bind me and constrain me that I cannot do what I have been meant to do!"
Zeus understood.  "I am sympathetic."
"Loosen me and let my blade see blood!"  His light extended as though two arms were raised before his face.  "Let these fingers feel the spray of warmth as steel meets flesh!"
Zeus said naught for a time.  Finally, he spoke, "We are in a period of growth.  The numbers of the Twelve Tribes must continue to increase and they must spread south into the Thracian Sea and across to Scythia.  For you to be satisfied," he shook his head, "I fear that these efforts would be harmed and this runs counter to the will of The One."  Ares withdrew and Zeus stopped him.  "The worship you enjoy also runs counter to The One's will!  The growth of the Tree depends upon the decisions of these people.  By killing them you cease their contributions to its maturing."
"Not so, Zeus," Ares said.  "Their deaths are a choice, too.  These people who enter the arenas know what they are doing and have chosen to die.  Both accept it.  That one of them survives to make decisions thereafter is a gift unto them from me and I am worshipped for it."
Zeus was intrigued and he tried to conceal this from Ares.
"The One prizes the growth of the Tree above all else upon this world.  It desires that mankind make choices and cause it to grow taller throughout time."  Ares took hold of Zeus and spoke closely to his being.  "Each decision and each decision maker is therefore precious.  That one of these people willingly gives themselves over to us and thus sacrifices their future contributions to the Tree … what greater gift can there be?"
Zeus was silent.  He spoke softly, "You must ensure that no more lives are sacrificed in this manner.  I command it."
Ares flew into a rage and roared, "You speak of The One while you raise yourself above it!  You speak of the Tree as you bend its direction unto yourself and your own will!"  The taunts did not stir Zeus and at this was Ares angered the more.  His light bound across the mountain range and beyond sight.
Zeus, though, returned to Olympus and pondered all that Ares had said for a great while after.
Chapter 31

Some four centuries after the departure of much of the Thirteenth Tribe from Kobol, Gaia grew weary.
Over the years, the Lords of Kobol had bestowed upon the Twelve Tribes kernels of knowledge gleaned from Prometheus' efforts in the south.  The people advanced piecemeal as their numbers swelled and the devices of their creation grew with them.  Hephaestus, Apollo and Hermes aided in the effort to give the people of Galatia knowledge of industry, new metals and synthesized solids, the refining of fuels and the power of engines.  In their infancy, these new devices spewed forth great clouds of black smoke and foul waters and oils that seeped into the ground.
Gaia sensed these things and her home no longer welcomed her, so she believed.  Though she dwelt within the world, Gaia still kept her eye on the efforts of her fellow tenders.  She saw the power that Zeus wielded over mankind and the lack of heed he paid unto The One.  She felt the diminished light that he and many of the others bore after their transgressions with humanity.  She knew of the Lords' efforts in the departure of the Thirteenth Tribe and the corruption of their minds ere they leapt beyond the encircling shield.  Gaia was disgusted with her kind and now she was disgusted with her abode.
In Delphi, by a spur of the Voras Mountains, there lay a temple.  Its marble was ancient and its steps were not as trod upon as they had once been.  Still, the priestesses and acolytes visited this structure for it was holy unto the worship of Apollo.  Within an inner sanctum, a crack rent in the floor allowed the very breath of the world to blow into the chamber.  There a priestess was chosen and there she would dwell to act as an oracle.  So it was in ancient days though few oracles had been named in the recent centuries.
One priestess of Apollo tended to the temple for she held it near her heart.  She swept its floors, wiped webs from the walls and kept animals from defiling it.  She was a granddaughter of Hellen, a leader of the Thirteenth Tribe who kept her sect intact within Delphi.  Her mother loved a stranger to the Tribe, and he was of noble blood, being a great-grandson of both Apollo and Atlas.  The woman was named Pythia and her part in this tale has come.
Gaia lifted herself from the depths of Kobol and drew near unto the prison that held Prometheus.  The power used to bind him was too great for Gaia to crack and she left him be.  Up, she moved, through the crevices of stone and left the warmth of the core far behind.  She moved through fumes and found her way into the very crack beneath the floor of the oracle's chamber.
Pythia was clearing leaves from a hallway when a rush of cool air blew past the thick velvet curtains of the sanctum.  She stopped her sweeping and noted the smell.  Pythia had inhaled the breath of the world before, though she had no visions because of it.  She turned to the veil and with the staff of her broom parted one drape aside.  Darkness lay within but the midday sun reflected off the marble floor and gave partial illumination to the sanctum.
"Who goes there?" Pythia spoke, for she sensed the presence of another.
The dim room began to fill with a silver light and it took a womanly form.  Knowing that a god was about to appear before her, Pythia fell to her knees and allowed the heavy curtains to fall against her sides.  "I am Gaia, Tender of the Tree and dweller within the world."
Pythia was stunned for she had only heard her name on few occasions.  "Welcome to Delphi, my goddess.  What is your bidding?"
Gaia lifted the young woman's chin with a single glowing finger and Pythia's skin was warmed and her spirit pleased.  "I see within you the fires of my kin.  Apollo and Atlas?"
Pythia nodded quickly.  "Yes, goddess.  They are great-grandparents to my father."
"I also see …" Gaia's head moved around the human's and her eyes followed a trail that no person could descry, "you are one of Prometheus' people.  A member of the Thirteenth Tribe."
Pythia's gaze fell and she nodded quickly.  "You are correct, my goddess.  My family has been told to not speak of these things and to avoid conversing with the Lords lest our secret be uncovered."
"And yet you are a priestess."
Pythia smiled meekly and said, "I have not always been a good listener."
At this did Gaia smile widely and her visage swelled.  Light filled all of the chamber and the happiness that Pythia felt grew still more.  "I am weary of this world and seek oblivion.  I could depart and soar toward the encasing capsule as did Atlas, but I feel that this would be wasteful."
Pythia knew not how to respond to such talk.  "If I may help in any manner, I would."
Gaia looked deep into Pythia's mind and saw that she was honest and a good person.  A thought occurred to her.  "I will seek oblivion right here."  The priestess was confused and Gaia spoke again, "I wish to join my spirit unto yours and allow my power to flow within you."
Again, Pythia was struck dumb.  "I would do this, goddess, but I do not understand."
"Like a drop of wax that falls from a long-burning candle, I shall be made liquid.  Your spirit shall melt, too, and together will we stir.  Once they have cooled, a single bead of wax shall remain, greater than what came before."  Pythia felt fear and Gaia sensed this.  "Your will and your mind will stay as they are.  I shall waste unto the winds but whatever fire I have will burn within you until the end of your days."
Pythia shrank and fell against the velvet curtain.  She looked into Gaia's countenance and saw peace and contentment.  Her fears began to wane and her arms fell by her side.  Slowly, she nodded, saying, "I am ready."
Gaia closed her eyes and her fire grew brighter than before.  Her bodily raiment was shed and only the bare light of her being held constant before the receptacle.  On a sudden, the blue-silver flame poured into Pythia's eyes, mouth and chest.  The woman collapsed in the new darkness, though her skin glowed from within for a time.
She knelt in the sanctum and swayed.  After more than an hour, Pythia stood and left the temple for she knew there was much work to be done.
Chapter 32

In these days of growth, the Lords of Kobol were busy.  They moved from city to city and gathered thousands of people unto them for worship and for the building of new homes and structures.  They sailed upon the ocean to establish new beachheads in the south.  They cultivated the advancement of mankind with the aid of Prometheus' records from so long ago.
As their frontiers expanded, many of the gods did not remain for as long a time in their older homes and temples as they may have desired.  The Olympians swept across the plains and through the forests, aiding in the founding of new towns.  Apollo it was, however, who was bidden to return to Delphi.
"What is the urgency?" he asked.
The messenger fell upon his feet and began to weep, "Forgive me, Lord, for I do not know.  I was only told that a miracle has happened and that she wishes to see you."
"An oracle," Apollo said.  As the messenger continued to prostrate himself in the deepest southern regions of Sagittarius, Apollo's form shrank to a glowing orb that moved over the field and mountains back to the north.  There he found the once-ramshackle temple by the Voras Mountains and a crowd of people gathered about it.
His light took form and the people swooned in his presence.  He smiled and brushed against them as he floated to the steps and into the temple.  Before the red curtain of the inner sanctum, there sat a young woman.  She rested upon a tripod of marble stands and held in her lap a bough of leaves.  Two priestesses stood by her sides and one held a glass that sparkled in the rays of the sun.
"My Lord Apollo," she said without rising or bowing.  "Welcome to Delphi and to your own temple."
As he beheld her, a previously unseen veil was parted and he saw within this woman the fires of the tenders themselves.  It burned brightly and he felt as though he was meeting another of his kind for the first time.  "Pythia, I am told."
"Indeed," she said.  She sipped from the glass and beckoned the god forward.  "Please, my Lord.  Would you care to sit or drink this fine spring water?"
Still shaken at what he felt, he only shook his head.  "I wish to speak with you alone."  At this, Pythia waved her hands and the attending acolytes fled.  Quiet hung in the air and Pythia did naught but sit and smile.  "Why do you grin so?" Apollo asked.
Pythia licked her lips and replied, saying, "Because I know what you are."
For the first time, the god felt fear.  He was not sure why, but he was afraid of the knowledge this woman may hold.  Given the flame that burned within her, Apollo did not doubt it.  "Shall I bring Zeus?" he said, hoping this would make the woman quake.
Instead, she stood.  Her look was more pleased than before.  "I beg you to do so."
Apollo regarded this new being for a short time and vanished.  Soon he appeared upon Mt. Olympus and he summoned Zeus to him.  "You must come away with me to Delphi for something is amiss."
"What?"
The being hesitated.  "I do not know.  It is a woman but she bears the very glow of a god within her.  She claims to have knowledge beyond her means and I do not doubt her."
Zeus felt the anxiety in his fellow spirit and he said, "Then let us go."  Quickly did the pair rush from Olympus and appear at the oracle's temple.  There Zeus found Pythia in much the same way Apollo had a short while before.  Without prodding by the other Lord, Zeus saw the flame in her body.  This was no mere product of sexual congress between two people possessed by the gods.  The light of a tender dwelled within.
"Hail, Lord Zeus," Pythia said.  She rose and bowed with a flourish.  Apollo was confused at first and then believed this to be done as a facetious gesture.  "Welcome to Delphi."
Zeus desired to not waste any time.  "What are you?"
"I am a priestess of Lord Apollo and caretaker of this temple.  I have studied the oracular arts of the cleft within," she nodded toward the sanctum, "and I am a servant of the Lords of Kobol."
Zeus' form inhaled deeply and began to speak, "I am pleased …"
"But," Pythia interrupted, "I am also a great-granddaughter of both Atlas and Apollo and a member of the first family of the Thirteenth Tribe that ventured into Galatia."  At this did Zeus' form increase and he gave forth an air of fear, though Pythia quailed not.  "Relax, Zeus," she said.  "I am also the wielder of the fire of Gaia.  Her soul may be scattered but the power of her being dwells within me."
Zeus returned to his normal appearance and looked more closely at the woman before him.  Yes, he could now perceive the thin tendril of power that connected her to some of Prometheus' devices, though Zeus knew they were not as remote as he had thought.  The silver flame she bore in her bosom did appear to be Gaia's, but Zeus could not be certain.
"How can I trust that you are all that you say?"
At this did Pythia laugh.  "You are the Lord of Lords, great Zeus.  See with your own eyes.  I carry the very spirit of a tender for The One within me."
Thus had Zeus nor Apollo ever heard a human speak.  Zeus immediately cast off his raiment and moved against the woman in a blink, but he found her waiting.  
"You would cause the crawling of time in order to slay me?  Have you not heard what I have said?  Gaia has departed into oblivion and given me the powers of her being."
Zeus fell back and resumed his visage.  "You are truly powerful but you speak of things you cannot understand."
"I understand more than you grasp, Lord Zeus."  Pythia lifted the glass of spring water from the floor and took a sip before holding it in the sun's light.  "The One lives beyond the fabric of our universe and it desires to see life that grows and persists through great swaths of time."  She peered through the crystal liquid at the mute gods and continued.  "The One took you, the tenders, from another universe and altered you for its own purposes.  For countless ages, it deposited your kindred upon dozens of worlds so that life may grow and live and choose with your guidance.  From the decisions of life grow great Trees that The One perceives and harvests for its enjoyment."  She lowered the glass and studied the stone faces of her audience.  "Have I yet erred?"
Apollo's voice barely managed a whisper.  "No."
"I also understand things that you do not, O Zeus."
"Such as?" he asked.
"The will of The One, for one."  She smiled and spoke softly, looking between the columns to ensure that her attendants had indeed left.  "The One desires that life survives.  The will of The One is that humanity live at peace with itself, its technology and its world."
"'Its technology?'" Apollo asked.
Pythia smiled, "You will understand."  She drank more of the water and then spoke, "Gaia fled because the world is being compromised.  The will of The One is being thwarted by your vainglorious desires for growth and advancement."
"That was the Wager," Zeus said.
"Yes, the Wager.  But the Wager does not supplant the will of The One.  In this development is the world choked with fumes and sickly streams."
Zeus waved his hand dismissively.  "This is but a stepping stone to greater advancements."
"Perhaps," Pythia said.  "The One would advise that you do not tarry here overlong.  The world will recover, for certain, but the people are being damaged and thus is the Tree wounded.  You also wound the Tree for you bind it like a grower who desires that no branch go astray.  The Tree should grow as it wills, Zeus, and not after your own fashion."
Zeus sighed and looked toward Apollo.  He was staring at Pythia intently for he was still taken aback by the power that dwelled within a human.  "You said that I would understand.  Have you some gift of foresight?"
The oracle smiled and cast her eyes upon Zeus that she might see his reaction to her response.  "As the tenders had on other worlds before The One encased Kobol, so do I see across great spans of time."
At this was Zeus shaken and he stepped toward the woman.  "This is so?"  She nodded.  "In placing us here, The One has extended many of our powers but curtailed others.  Chief among the latter is in the perception of time.  Gaia was so bound and though her fire burns within you, you are not likewise bound?"
"I cannot say why for I do not fully comprehend.  I do know, however, that one who bore a fraction of the fire of two tenders escaped the capsule about our planet and thus did her power wax once she was beyond those limits."
"Hera and Atlas' daughter, Eos," Apollo said.
"Indeed."
Zeus became angered at the reminder of Hera's infidelity, Atlas' insubordination and all that Prometheus had done.  He began to speak but sensing that his tone would bear too sharp an edge, he paused and composed himself.  "Because Eos lived beyond The One's barrier, your power has grown?"
"Perhaps."  She placed the glass upon the floor and spoke softly while grasping at a necklace above her chest, "I am a great-granddaughter of Atlas and I feel a kinship with other children of Atlas, even those that yet live."
Apollo looked to Zeus and then said, "Eos still lives?"
"No," Pythia said.  "She died sometime ago.  Her children and grandchildren, however, are alive and I feel the warmth of their flames in conjunction with mine own."
"Enough of this," Zeus said.  "I demand that you speak to our futures.  What of the Twelve Nations and the Lords of Kobol?"
Pythia's eyebrows lifted and she smiled wryly at the gods.  "The Nations will grow and mature as you desire, O Zeus.  The Lords will continue on their paths, but …"
The silence that followed gnawed upon Zeus.  He quaked and lifted his hands, "Speak, woman!"
"A wall is placed before my vision.  When the Wager is ended sixteen centuries hence … I cannot see beyond it.  Surely, The One shall return and the girdle about Kobol will be torn asunder, but what follows I cannot say."
Zeus lowered his head and thought.  After a moment, he looked at Pythia intently and said in a voice that rumbled the marble, "Be careful what you speak unto the masses, oracle."
"Fear not, Lord of the Tenders," Pythia said.  "I have my own role within The One's plan and unlike you, I know my place."
Chapter 33

After the meeting with Pythia, many of the gods remained wary of the oracle and maintained their distance.  Many were curious about all that Zeus and Apollo had said, but they feared her insight and the power that she wielded for they themselves had grown in stature with new skills and lived without the gift of prescience for more than three millennia.
Pythia moved about Galatia and drew great crowds to her at every stop.  She visited Temples of Apollo across the lands and in most major cities.  There would she speak and prophesy for the assembled.  Many would ask about the weather for their fears related to farming.  Others would ask after their own families and personal affairs.  For most of this did Pythia have no answer as her sight was on a grander scale and her senses directed toward a world many light years away.
Upon her return to Delphi, Pythia dwelled in her temple near the cleft in the floor and thought.  After a time, she departed and sought the elders of each of the Pantheon's faiths that she may speak to them.  They gathered in a large building at the center of Delphi and she addressed them.
"I am the Oracle Pythia."
"Hail, Pythia," the priests responded.  "Blessed be thine eyes."
She nodded and sighed, knowing what she must say.  "The faith of a people is more powerful than any weapon.  Whereas a sword's blade is felt upon a battlefield, it is sheathed elsewhere.  A faith, though, is always brandished.  It can cut in the home, in the market, in the streets and even push thousands to a battlefield where the edge is bolstered by soldiers' steel.  Faith is power."
"Indeed," many uttered.
Pythia looked across the group silently before she spoke again.  "The orchestrators of faith wield this power and stir its fires within the people who listen.  And behind even these are the manifestations of faith themselves."
"The Lords on high," one priest said.
Pythia did not answer him.  "There are … forces at work in this world that most do not comprehend.  The Olympians are but one part of it."  She hesitated and saw the confused expressions that many of the elders bore.  "Faith without truth can still stand.  It can stand for ages.  But a faith with truth is even more enduring.  A faith that has truth supporting it may survive winnowing believers and the oppressive weight of lies that centuries place upon it.  A faith with truth has no weakness whereas the faith without … that faith is destroyed by that which strengthens the other."  Still, the elders were befuddled but Pythia felt unburdened and continued to speak.
"I would share with you the greatest truths I know but I cannot for I have my own part to play in this world and others besides."  She licked her lips and clutched a cup of water.  "I can peer into the beyond and see what becomes of my words.  I know that I have an effort to accomplish and I wish your aid in my toil."
"You shall have it, oracle," one woman said.
"I also ask," she sipped the water, "I ask that in all acts of faith, you be mindful of the sharpness of this blade which you wield.  I ask that you speak always to the greatest truths, such as you understand them."  Many murmured agreement but there was no force in their words.  "So say you all?"
The priests and elders looked at one another as some said, "So say we all."
"So say you all?" Pythia asked again.
The audience understood and bellowed, "So say we all."
Chapter 34

Pythia gathered unto her the many Sacred Scrolls and set about her work in Delphi.  There were hundreds of pages and parchments.  Some were in books and others were in scroll form as the name suggested.  She arrayed them all upon the floor of the temple and began to separate the wheat from the chaff.
"We must condense all of this into a thing that all mankind may know and understand."
At this did many of the more traditional priests balk, saying, "The words of the gods are not for the common to see.  They shall come to our temples or to our festivals so they may partake of the wisdom from our mouths."
Pythia did rebuke these people harshly, saying, "When Zeus, Athena, Apollo, Artemis and all of the gods gathered the tribes unto them, did they speak only to the elderly who wore silly robes?  Or did they speak to all that bore ears?"
The priests were incensed and retorted, "This has been the way of the ages.  For thirty-four centuries have the priests been the guardians of the Sacred Scrolls and the dispensers of their knowledge."
Pythia grew angered by their obstinance and spoke to them with the fires of Gaia lashing from her tongue, "Because the ways of the world are old means not that they should remain so!  Change is not an evil when good comes of it!  Be gone from my sight, you bullheaded fools!"
Embarrassed by her words and fearful of her voice, they left her presence and sought an audience with any Lord that would hear their pleas.  At a festival some weeks later, two of the cast-off elders spoke with Hermes, saying, "The oracle Pythia has taken the Sacred Scrolls and intends to cull from the thousands some few that she believes conveys your will.  Would you please put her in her place?"
Hermes was reticent to respond and he certainly did not wish to meet Pythia in person.  He spoke softly, saying, "Pythia bears the fires of Olympus within her.  Her decisions are not made in haste or without reason."  Thus did Hermes hope to curry some favor with Pythia, should she have some word of the future regarding him.
The priests were not satisfied and sought to address Zeus himself.  They found him soon after and recalled the words Pythia spoke unto them.  "Will you restrain this woman that seeks to defile your faith?"
Zeus heard all that was said and peered into the minds of these elders.  "I see the truth and I also see that Pytha does not defile the faith.  Her own feelings she is keeping at bay and she seeks only to place the word of the Lords into the hands of all the people of Kobol.  Would you deny the people of the Twelve Nations my words?"
The elders felt sore afraid and collapsed upon the marble floor, wailing, "No, my Lord!  I beg forgiveness for my pride and misguided effort!"
"I forgive you.  Now rise and return to Delphi that you may aid Pythia in her work."  And so they did.
Pythia sought to remove repetition and contradiction from the pages of the Scrolls, yet this was not easy.  As many writers took down the histories of their lands and transcribed the words of the gods, there were differing thoughts and views.  On this she labored for eight years, discarding many hundreds of scrolls and pages.
"Why should we remove this passage, oracle?" one might ask.
"I have peered into the past and I know its tale to be false and its moral specious, at best," she would reply.
At the end of her toil, there came a singular work forever known as the Sacred Scrolls.  It was assembled and edited by Pythia herself and for millennia after, she alone was often given sole credit for the writing, though this was not the truth.
"Your work is at an end, oracle," one acolyte said unto her.  "Are you at peace now?"
"I am not," she said.  "There are still my own scrolls to add."
Chapter 35

It pained Pythia to speak of the gods as though they were the supreme beings upon Kobol.  She knew the truth of the matter, that The One would return to see the results of Zeus' Wager and she believed that The One would be displeased.
Hesitant to speak of the gods themselves, Pythia turned her mind to the past and to the connections she felt with her kin beyond the encapsulating shell.  For days, she swayed within her temple's sanctum and felt the brush of the world's breath upon her face from the crack.  She emerged from the veil weary and tired and fell into a deep swoon.  Upon her awakening, she scrawled her thoughts quickly and returned to the chamber where she would commune for hours more.
After a time, Pythia had compiled books entire, filled with her writings and on these she pondered for years more.  Priests and acolytes alike gathered in the small temple's area and listened while the oracle read and interpreted these things.
"Many centuries ago there was a Great Flood," she said.  "Much of humanity was swept into the sea and from this death came rebirth."  Though those assembled believed she spoke of the Twelve Tribes, Pythia meant in her mind to speak of the Thirteenth, which was washed away and later rejuvenated in the south.
"In death there can be rebirth and growth."  She sipped her water and spoke again, not looking at the notes upon her lap.  "Centuries ago, there departed from this world a thirteenth tribe of Kobol.  They were aided by a lesser spirit," Pythia said this smiling, knowing that she slighted Eos, the offspring of the gods but still lower than The One itself.  "They fled into the stars within a caravan of the heavens and lit upon a new world that lay beneath a yellow sun and moon."  
"The Lords appointed a leader to guide this caravan and unto them was given a vision of serpents."  Pythia smiled again, knowing the words of Zeus as he slew Pandora and thereby incensing Prometheus and Daedalus.  "This leader has a wasting disease and will not survive the journey and enjoy their new home upon a world they name Earth."  Her voice trailed and her eyes glazed.  After a time, she spoke again.  "The outcome favored the few, but there will be a confrontation at the home of the gods."
One priest became confused and he stood from the floor.  "Oracle, you have muddled your words.  You speak of things that have happened and yet also of things that will.  Which shall it be?"
"Both," Pythia said.  At this was the crowd surprised and they spoke among themselves.  "My words are a history and a prophecy."
"You spoke of the dying leader," an elder said.  "Are you saying that Eos did not live to see Earth?"
"I speak of Daedalus.  He passed away on a world between Kobol and Earth."  The people did not know of Daedalus and they were befuddled again.  Pythia drank and looked out of her temple toward the horizon.  "And I speak of other leaders yet to come."  She then did grip her head for a pain fell upon it.  On occasion, her vision peered past the shell of Kobol and into the days far beyond the dominion of the Lords.
More priests began to stand and protest.  One alone was louder than the rest and his voice carried the most.  "You have demonstrated your vision in the past and we hold you in high esteem, oracle, yet we find it difficult to believe that your recounting of events long past can transpire again centuries from now."  Many of the assembled agreed and spoke like utterances.
Pythia nodded for she understood their doubts.  "All beings in all times and in all places have their roles in the will of … the gods.  They play their parts as actors upon a stage whether they know this or not.  Whether they heed the histories or are wholly ignorant of them, this life has a cycle and it will carry on beyond mine own vision."
The priest spoke again, "I still do not understand, oracle."
Pythia wiped sweat from her brow and leaned forward, saying angrily, "Then let me simplify it for you, dullard.  All these things have happened before and all these things shall happen again."
Many such meetings did she give and many answers did she provide regarding the Thirteenth Tribe and Earth, though many central truths she kept hidden.  Pythia knew that her part in the cycle was to preserve information that many generations hence may use it and therefore further the survival of humanity.  The core truth of this life would be up to each person to discover, she hoped.
Barely nineteen years after Gaia entered her body and her soul became one with the tender's flame, Pythia lay dying.  She was yet young compared to the women who died upon Kobol in those days.  Her acolytes mopped her sweat-laden brow with rags and brought her more glasses of fresh spring water to drink, yet she could not be sated.
"Please," she said, "remove me from this building that I might lie beneath the sky and see a beautiful day ere I pass."  Thus they did and the oracle shook in the light with a fit and calmed after a long while.  She mumbled and muttered.  Some acolytes tried to write as she spoke but Pythia's words were too slurred and confusing.  Finally, Pythia stirred and gazed into the cloudless blue sky.
Her eyes peered farther ahead than before.  The sky cracked and fell in white fire.  The stars beyond were laid bare and a great vessel lumbered into the black.  Pythia's head turned toward Delphi and she watched the normal day's bustle of traffic.  What she saw in her mind, though, was far different.  There were fires and violence.  Strife across the land and the gods were angered.  Devices great and small rose against their masters and the bulk of the people were felled.
"Blaze," she said and she fell onto her back again.  Feeling her head, the acolytes believed she spoke of her own fever, but this was not so.
More water they gave her but after a time, Pythia would not drink.  She lay still upon the marble and sweat beaded and rolled from her skin.  Her robes were soaked and her flesh was too hot to touch.  Wisps of vapor rose from her face.  The acolytes were afraid for they had never touched a body as warm as any cooking plate.  She was still as the sun began to set.  
After some time, her eyes reopened and her back arched upward.  Her flesh seemed to glow from within and the acolytes fell to their faces in fear.  The fire of Gaia then poured from her body in any way possible; the silver-blue light surviving about the woman but an instant before it diminished and flickered out.
The body of Pythia was scorched and her clothes singed.  Unlike her brethren in the Thirteenth Tribe, she was not reborn in an ichor-filled jar for the power of the tender overwhelmed the energy of their devices and thus Pythia departed Kobol forever.
Chapter 36

Five centuries after the passing of Pythia there came a reminder of her power and vision.
Beyond the shell about Kobol, a vessel appeared and attempted to navigate through.  It impacted on the invisible wall and broke apart; its pieces falling into the sky.  Atlas had long since departed and no watch was kept on the stars, thus the approach of the ship was unnoticed.  Many among the people, however, spotted the flaming hulk hurtling among the clouds and toward the shallow sea.  Residents there were upon the long isle of Skyros and they called to them the authorities that they may explain what this was.
Large sections of the ship lay in the crystalline waters and smoke rose forth for days as its fuel burned away.  Apollo and Hermes both appeared to gather what knowledge they could and relay it to Olympus.
The Lords stood in bare feet, their lighted toes digging into the sand and the water aglow about their knees.  They lifted a section of metal aloft and saw the scorched lettering that read, "ICARUS," for this was the name of the vessel, called thus after the son of Daedalus, pilot and engineer of the craft that departed Kobol nine hundred years before.
The gods and several searchers moved among the wreckage and found no bodies.  Hermes it was who discovered the black case half buried in a water-filled crater.  Upon its opening, they found several books and writings and these were the greatest treasures the ship bore.
The eldest of the books was a collection of sacred texts by Eos and her grandson, Boreas.  First crafted after their launch from Scythia, they told of the long journey of the Ophiuchus, a restful pause at a barren world nestled within a dangerous star cluster and a temple built there by five priests who bade that the name of the god for whom it was built not be spoken.  It told of the ship's arrival at a world they named "Earth" and the hardship of their first winter that claimed many lives.  The book also contained drawings of a temple dedicated to Eos, images of the night sky containing stars said to feature the Twelve Tribes and many other details besides.
At all of this were the people and even the gods amazed, for much of it was written about by the oracle Pythia.  Few understood her connection with the Lords and even the spirit of those beings ferried so far away.  The writings of Boreas were mingled with those of Pythia that they both may record the exodus of the Thirteenth Tribe and the founding of their home upon Earth, though many would forget the contributions of Boreas in later days.
Within the case was also found a logbook kept by the Icarus' captain.  It told of their desire to meet their kindred upon Kobol and to fashion a bond with them that they may journey to and fro.  It also spoke of the building of a vessel to bend space using the last of their materials.  Then, most tragically, the log relayed the tale of an illness that slowly claimed all aboard before they reached their destination in the skies above.
Hermes announced the news of the Thirteenth Tribe to the Pantheon and to all of the Twelve Nations.  Zeus was secretly relieved for he feared what new secrets the exiles may have brought with them.  The people, though, were saddened.  They knew not the full story of the Thirteenth Tribe's departure and they did not desire to remain sundered from their kin forever.
Amidst the wreckage, Apollo found something that spoke to him loudly.  It was a large golden and bejeweled arrow.  It was not heavy yet it would not do in battle.  He found himself drawn to it and he held it by his side for hours as they sifted through the debris near Skyros.  Finally, he found the case that had contained it and within was a note from the worshippers at a temple in his name upon Earth.  The arrow was a piece of art created for him by craftsmen and his followers in hopes of presenting it to the Lord, for they called upon his name often when hunting and seeking relief in music and the arts.
Apollo was among the gods who cleared the minds of the Thirteenth Tribe as they departed Kobol, yet his heart swelled at this gift.  Artificial the love of the Tribe may have been when they first reached that new world, but the belief and reverence their children and their children's children felt was true and earnest.  He was grieved that the Icarus was lost and no other means of reaching Earth seemed possible.
After Hermes spoke to the world about the craft and the loss of the crew, Apollo heard the outpouring of affection for their kind that the Twelve Nations uttered.  Apollo himself may not have been able to see the Thirteenth Tribe, but he wanted to provide a means for the people of Kobol to do so when their skills reached that point.
Taking the text of Boreas and the arrow itself, he went into the Cambunian Mountains south of the City of the Gods and underneath the Gates of Hera.  There he found the Tomb of Heroes, a hollow in the wall of the mount that held the bones of the greatest of each of the Twelve Nations.  Within were Heracles, Orion, Bellerophon and others.  Apollo walked to the casket of Adrastus, the hero of Sagittarius, and placed upon the symbolic statue the golden arrow.  Using the words of Boreas regarding Earth's night sky, Apollo hallowed both the Tomb and the arrow that the arrow may be a key to the room's awakening. 
Apollo removed the dart and took it to his temple in Delphi.  He then caused the priests to insert word of the arrow and the Tomb into the texts of Pythia and Boreas so the people may find Earth in their hour of need.
Chapter 37

Between the arrival of the ghostship Icarus and the departure of mankind from Kobol there fell eleven centuries.  In this time, the Lords of Kobol behaved as they had for ages before and division crept between them.
The Lords found among the people certain places and regions that they desired to dwell within more than others.  Apollo in Delphi, Athena in Athens, Demeter in Eleusis, Ares in Sparta and so on.  As they made their abode in these places, they found the appearance of their fellow tenders an intrusion.  
An exception to this came in the form of Aphrodite.  Though she had her favored places, she traveled Galatia and sought great festivals where lust spilled onto the streets beyond her temples.  She spent some years in Libra where she coupled with Hermes and children were born from their possessions.  She then traveled to the home of Dionysus and reveled in his Bacchanals for some time, also receiving his seed while costumed in the bodies of human women.  She moved south to Aquarius and fornicated with Poseidon, bearing still more children.  After a while, she traveled into Sagittarius, home of Sparta and of Aphrodite's first lover, Ares.  There they sought to rekindle old memories and they coupled for many days in the bodies of willing priests and priestesses.
When she departed Sagittarius and moved west to Aries, Hephaestus readied himself for he believed that he, too, would be able to join with the beautiful Aphrodite.  When she arrived in his home city of Lemnos, she told him this would not occur.
"For these last many years and for centuries more besides," she said, "have I poured out my spirit into the wombs of Kobol's women.  I am weary and do not desire more children."
Hephaestus became angry and saw other reasons for her rejection.  "You feel that I am lowly and my domain is beneath yours.  The beauty of love that Aphrodite sows far outweighs the grime and harsh works of the forge, eh?  You aid in the creation of life and I aid in the creation of devices!  We are alike and should be coupled!"
"Yet I do not wish this."
Hephaestus swelled and forced the goddess' light beyond the borders of the Aries nation.  Though the god's spirit had been given out in the making of children, he retained more of his fire than did Aphrodite and she was no match for him.  "Be gone from my lands, fickle woman.  Return here no more."  She therefore never did.
In the long centuries after her imprisonment upon the rocks which bore her name, Hera forever distrusted Zeus.  She sought for him as he moved from hovel to home and entered the bodies of men who themselves entered women.  The Lord of Lords escaped her sight for a time when he moved his spirit into the far east, particularly in the nations of Libra and Cancer.
In the city of Erythrae, Zeus found a woman of exceeding beauty, a sibyl, and one who desired intimate congress with the Lord.  Her name was Lamia and she was herself a granddaughter of Poseidon and some manner of his fire dwelt within her.  Zeus saw this and her passion and he was drawn unto it like a moth unto a flame.
They coupled many times in a short span of years while Hera searched in vain for her husband's light in the west.  Lamia bore Zeus several children and he visited the family more frequently than he had his other children, for the god was so taken with the mortal.  In her arrogance, Lamia did name the first of her children Heraphile as a slight against the Queen of Heaven and she taught unto her the arts of her work as a sibyl.
As Zeus engaged in temple worship elsewhere in Galatia, Hera finally reached the east and saw among the children the glow of Zeus' spirit and she beheld his transgressions and the insulting name of the eldest sister.  In the eve when the mother returned to her home after her work in the temple and the bastard children were gathered unto her, Hera entered the mind of Lamia and there wrought the most horrific of her wraths against the fruits of Zeus' sins.
She placed upon the mother a dark spell and sent the children into a deep sleep.  Lamia's eyes were pried open, never to shut, and she was given an insatiable hunger.  Though she ate all the food within her cupboards, her stomach still churned for more.  Her waking mind would have rejected the thought but Hera bade her devour her brood.
Her eyes taking in all that she saw, Lamia then began the act of cutting and swallowing her own children.  They did wake only at the first and fell unconscious again as the horror of their demise overtook them.  Once Lamia had gorged upon her five offspring, Hera's hand left her mind and she saw in her memory all she had done.
The mother swooned and desired her death and then did Zeus return, seeking the happiness of his young family and instead finding blood and tears.
"What has befallen you, dearest?" he asked.  When she could not answer, Zeus peered into her thoughts and saw the touch of Hera and all she had done.  He was angered beyond measure for a time and then felt the supreme sorrow of his beloved Lamia.  The god then closed the mother's eyes a final time and placed upon her spirit a feeling of bliss and she smiled once more.  Zeus then gently touched her mind again and ended her life.
The Lord then became light and fled from Erythrae, seeking the flame of Hera across the lands.  Zeus found her and bound her and spoke, saying, "Foul witch!  The evil you caused to be is among the greatest atrocities I have ever beheld!"
Hera struggled against the power of Zeus' grip and said, "Thus always to adulterers and liars and whores!"
Zeus loosened his hold and said, "I am at a loss as to how you have suffered.  We are not truly wed and I have not slighted you in any manner!"
Hera's fire waxed hot and she screamed, "I am the Goddess of Birth and Women and Marriage!  My place upon this world and all others has been in the securing of family for the furtherance of the species!  You usurp my power by sowing your light wheresoever it may fall upon fertile wombs!"
"That has not been my intent."
"Yet such is the result!  The people of Kobol know your philandering ways and they mock me!  They see the children bearing your flames and they know that you have betrayed the trust I was given!"
Zeus lowered his head and pondered all she said and saw some level of truth.  He had been ready to bind Hera under the surface as he had bound Prometheus, yet now he felt this would be an injustice.  
He reached out for her and she fled.  Then Zeus did swat her light like a fly and she fell from the clouds into the mountains.  Zeus struck her and weakened her fire before he bound her again, saying, "I will not tolerate further vengeance upon my children."
"And I will not tolerate further dalliances among the humans."
Slowly, Zeus relaxed his grip and allowed Hera to depart.  He was loath to see her ever again, yet was he also averse to fathering more offspring.
Poseidon it was who attempted to claim Athens for his own, though the city had been named after the goddess Athena since its founding.  Zeus said that the god had been maddened by his continuous fornication with the people and softened by his life beneath the oceans where his fire might be dampened.
It was Poseidon who went in unto people after a fashion unlike any other of the tenders; not even Aphrodite.  More children could claim him as father than even Zeus.  Poseidon also enjoyed pouring his spirit into the creation of majestic beasts, such as horses.  His light was lessened and yet he still committed these acts.  
At a time a few centuries removed before the departure of man, Poseidon went into the home of Thoosa and her husband as they copulated.  Poseidon had greatly desired the woman who worked upon the dock, pulling in great nets of fish.  Nine months later she bore a son, deformed and crippled.  His visage was awful to look upon and his growth was gangly and ghastly.  Poseidon, though, loved his son and sought to raise him as his own, though Thoosa desired his death.  Poseidon slew her and raised the boy, Polyphemus, on an island in the Ionian Ocean.
Zeus and the other Lords heard what transpired and came to Poseidon, seeking an audience.  Poseidon indulged them and boasted of his son's abilities.  The man came forth, tall and fell with muscles that rivaled that of Ares.  His face was enlarged and only one eye had sight.  The gods were fearful and removed themselves at once.  Poseidon did not understand and Polyphemus lived out his days upon the island with his father while legends of the monster, as he was called, spread upon the lands.
Once the child died of old age, Zeus spoke to Poseidon, saying, "Never again shall you or any other Lord seek to possess the body of a man or beast for the purposes of creating new life."
Poseidon was angered and railed against the god.  "I am a Lord of Kobol!  If I desire to do a thing, then I shall do it!"
Zeus bound Poseidon's light and said, "I am Zeus, leader of these tenders.  You will obey me."
Poseidon's rage withered and sense returned to him for a time.  "I am ashamed.  It is as was warned so many years before.  I have poured myself forth with such fervor that I bear little light for the duties of my station."
He released Poseidon and grew sad.  Zeus recalled the loss of Lamia and her family, as well as the fury of Hera.  He, too, felt that he had given much of his flame into offspring across the world and reaped naught but ashes.  "We did not heed the advice as we should have.  In what time remains, we shall attempt to stoke our own fires."  Thus he said yet this thing could not be done.  Once the light of The One was dispensed and contained within these tenders and its glow poured forth, it could not be refilled by any effort of that tender.
Chapter 38

According to Zeus' desires, mankind had been fruitful and multiplied.  The borders of their nations abutted one another and sails were raised that they may move into the empty lands of Scythia in the south.  Though the numbers of these Twelve Nations grew, many of their ways seemed set in the past.
The City of the Gods remained small and appeared quaint compared to some other cities, like Delphi.  Structures were hewn from marble and wood and stone, but little else.  The forges of Lemnos produced new materials, lighter for the construction of vehicles and tools, but for building as well.  There in Lemnos did Hephaestus plan to mete out new information in the coming years that mankind may grow more advanced.  In this manner did he and the other gods desire that the Twelve Tribes become like the Thirteenth.
After the death of Pythia, the fume-spewing industries were ceased and new means of construction were made.  Energy was gathered from the sun, the wind and the water.  The skies and the soil were made clean.  But as Hephaestus dispensed the concepts of Prometheus, a fervor ensued that conspired to blacken the world again.
The rogue tender of the South was able to give his group such magnificent machinations without harming the world or the people about them for his tribe was yet small.  For all of Kobol, however, there were nigh one billion people and in the rush to build the constructs of the gods' will, the world was sullied again.
With the coming of each new year, Hephaestus provided some idea from his vaults, taken out of the studies of Prometheus' works.  Motorized wagons rolled upon streets.  Winged carriers flew among the clouds.  Save for space, all frontiers of Kobol were conquered by one metallic device or another.  
Four hundred years before the end of the Wager, Hephaestus revealed unto mankind the plans for devices that could think.
With what materials they could, the people leapt upon the idea.  Their autos were made safer and their aircraft more precise.  Medicines were enhanced beyond Asclepius' imagination and the movements of the stars beyond their shell were traced.  Though Hephaestus dispensed more concepts, the mind of mankind was not wholly idle and they devised things beyond even the thought of the gods.  After a time, they found their supplies of materials growing short.
Great beasts of steel and alloys were made to cleave the ground that rare metals and minerals be found.  When a furor erupted over the darkening of the sky or the water, those who wielded these things sought to correct it by fashioning new devices that did not do the same harm.  These things later created new ills that were as yet unseen.  
In the mountains could be found the ores and substances needed for the building of these newest machines and thinking devices.  The nation of Libra, ever mindful of commerce thanks to the patronage of Lord Hermes, sought greater control of the Taygetus Mountains which lay upon their eastern border.  At the urging of industry captains, Libra raised its militias and marched into Taurus.  Seeing what their kindred were doing in the northeast, the Aquarians likewise sought the materials within the Voras Mountains.  Their militias claimed peaks within the borders of both the Virgo and Scorpio nations.
Athena was grieved.  With a word, she could have disbanded the militias as they moved, but instead she sought council with Zeus directly.
"Save for your own marches across the wild lands," Athena said, "no blood has been spilled in Galatia by army against army.  I would have it be this way again."
In the long years, Zeus had grown weary of direct governance and gave up many of those decisions to local archons.  He was dismissive, saying, "For four thousand years have we decided for the people.  Now is the time for them to decide some things, for good or for ill."
Athena's flame waxed hot and she said, "As tenders of The One, we are to protect life that they may make choices and grow the tree.  If thousands are killed then the tree becomes stunted."
"Even death is a choice," Zeus said and his light departed Olympus, seeking worship at some festival in the south.
Athena then moved to Sparta, seeking Ares.  She found him at a gladiatorial event and spoke with him quickly.  "War has come to my homeland."
At this did Ares swell.  His height grew and his skin flushed.  "What is your bidding?"
"Gather an army unto you, independent of the militias, that you may march into the Voras and Taygetus Mountains and end the kinslaying that befalls the Virgo and Scorpio and Taurus under the fire of the Aquarius and the Libra."
Ares nodded and instantly his form was clad in the gleaming gold and bronze from the days of old.  He drew his sword and marched from the Spartan arena and into the countryside.  There he spoke to the messengers that all homes may hear his will.
"I call upon independent men and women, free of families and toil.  Join me and march into the mountains.  We will gather great weapons and slay those that would defile the lands of their neighbors!"
When news of this reached the militia's commanders in the far north, the assault upon the Taygetus Mountains ceased.  But those in the Voras foothills were not convinced, saying, "We have an army that is well trained and larger than any Ares could muster.  We shall press forward."
Within a week, the God of War gathered unto him forty thousand men and women, each laden with synthetic shielding and weapons that hurled metal shot with great rapidity.  Surrounded by armored vehicles and his new troops, Ares marched into the Voras Mountains and met the Aquarian militias near the city of Ephyra.  Seeing the armament arrayed before them, the militias' general wavered.  They knew Ares had come and they feared any punishment that awaited them should they fire.
Evenly matched, the two forces stood some distance apart, saying nothing and doing nothing.  Ares walked to the center of the field and prepared to address the soldiers when a nervous finger among the Aquarians twitched, loosing a single shell.  It exploded far from the god but Ares was enraged, nevertheless.
"Die!" he bellowed and thrust his sword toward the militia's battlements.  Ares' forces attacked and the armored vehicles launched many barrages upon the rock face, causing slides and boulders to topple dozens.  Rifles were emptied and explosives grew into great black clouds.  Blood mingled with the soil and grass drifted in the air as it fell.  Ares' blade dripped for he was not content to stand aside and boost the spirits of his men.  He desired the taste of war itself.  His pale skin throbbed with redness and his form grew three then four times the size of mortal man.
Feeling the wrath of Ares' being and under the fire of his soldiers, many among the militias cast aside their arms and fled.  Some did not and instead defended the position of the generals who now feared for their very souls.  After an hour, nearly all of the militiamen were either dead or gone and the commanders' throats were against the tip of Ares' sword.
"You have waged war against your fellow nations and fired upon the Army of Olympus!"  The men could not defend themselves for Ares moved the edge quickly under their chins and they fell to the ground.
The other Lords of Kobol heard about all that transpired and were awakened from the stupor of their own boredom and guilt.  They became more active in the workings of their beloved nations and mediated treaties for the harvesting of the precious materials.
Ares kept his army until the end of days.  He took them to Sparta and trained them in the arts of war, both new and old.  Tens of thousands did he gather and gird with strength and weapons and knowledge.  Whatever fate should befall the Twelve Nations, Ares believed the Army of Olympus was prepared.
Athena was, for a time, pleased that conflict was abated.  Animosity remained among some of the nations but she believed that this would fade.  A few years after the cessation of battle, Athena wept at the sight of mountains in the Voras range being carved away, rendering the great peaks into naught but plateaus that metals and ores within may be claimed.
Athena returned to Athens and surrounded herself with her people again.  Among them she found solace and contentment.
Chapter 39

In the remaining two centuries of the Wager, the devices of mankind flourished and their numbers rivaled even those of Kobol's population.  Large ones toiled in the cities for construction and transportation.  Smaller ones acted as messengers for the wealthy and as attendants in many homes.  Hardy creations performed distasteful and menial tasks that even the lowly among man balked at performing themselves.  These all were called "dokeo mekanima," meaning "thinking machines," and this name was shortened in the daily tongue to "DoMek."
As they emerged from the mind of Hephaestus, all of these contrivances bore similarities both within and without their bodies.  Many were limbed but some moved about on wheels.  If the shell of the machine could be metallic and made gleaming then was the God of the Forge greatly pleased.  All of the DoMeks were alike in one manner especially: the thing which absorbed their surroundings, not unlike an eye, was a ring inset with a sweeping light that moved about in a circle as it scanned.  The color of the light may vary depending upon the task to which the DoMek was assigned, but all of these machines bore this ring.  It was said that Hephaestus could not remove from his mind the image of Poseidon's son, Polyphemus, and the one working eye upon his face.
The DoMeks aided all mankind at the orders of Hephaestus and were guided by large hubs in each city that spoke to each other about the globe without need of wires.  Ares sought DoMeks for his own aims, thinking that they may provide sport for the Army of Olympus while they awaited battle.  The God of War was obliged and a contingent of DoMeks walked from Lemnos to Sparta.  They were covered in golden armor that shone brightly in the sun.  The division sergeants and lieutenants were clad in silver, copper and other metals.  Each carried a long sword and powerful weapons.
A century before the end of their dominion, Apollo's thought turned still to the Thirteenth Tribe and he removed from Hephaestus' care a portion of the works of Daedalus gathered in Scythia many years before.  He also took pages from the texts found aboard the Icarus and bore these to scientists and metallurgists in the east, in Leo, where some of the most skilled craftsmen labored.  
"In one hundred years," Apollo said, "the shell about this world will fade and the people may explore the stars beyond and journey even unto Earth that they may unite with their long-sundered kin.  Take then these works that you might construct a great vessel to bear your people hence."
The scholars were pleased and received all that Apollo provided.  Their efforts began immediately and took many years to achieve.
In Delphi, the clan of Hellen still survived.  These remnants of Prometheus' people had long since assimilated into the people of the city, but many remembered some portion of their own lineage.  They no longer used the complex devices created by Pandora ages ago.  Instead, they lived and died and reproduced like unto any other person upon the world.  
Aphrodite it was who approached one named Geneia, a descendent of Hellen and a scientist.  The Goddess of Love and Beauty desired a thing not unlike Prometheus: that mankind should live longer than the years they had been allotted.  Prometheus, though, desired this so the knowledge of each person may not be lost.  Aphrodite desired this out of vanity, rightly believing that most of humanity desired to be nigh immortal, or at least endure for years longer than they did.
"You are skilled in the workings of the body and in the manner of growth," Aphrodite said.  "I ask that you take upon yourself a quest to find a thing that would extend the years of mankind, and ensure that the years extended are the ones of youth and not infirmity."
Geneia bowed low and thanked Aphrodite for her trust.  The goddess knew not that this scientist was of the Thirteenth Tribe, but for them this was but a curiosity from the past and no concern for the present.  Their own beliefs had fallen into line with the Twelve Tribes and the words of Prometheus regarding The One were long forgotten among this clan.  And so, for many long years did Geneia toil upon her blood and the blood of her kin that she may unlock secrets and bring to the world the gift that Aphrodite desired.  
In this age was the paradise of Kobol achieved again.  Flying contraptions soared in the air.  Vessels sailed upon and beneath the seas.  The people toiled not and broke no sweat for their DoMeks performed all the tasks that they did not desire to undertake.  Sculptures and paintings and music filled all corners of all cities and the people were calmed and pleased.  
The Lords were likewise contented but this would not endure.
Chapter 40

As humanity was comfortable in these bucolic days, marked by machines and lights as they were, the gods became restless and sensed the end of their dominion upon the world.  Zeus, chief of all, begrudged it.  In his diminished capacity, he fed upon the adulation of the masses and felt stronger than before.  He often desired that the period of their supremacy would be extended.
Athena thought thus, also.  She lived among her people in Athens and loved them greatly.  They worshipped her as a goddess but this did not nurture her ego as it nurtured Zeus'.  Her desire for more time was based only upon want of more years to spend among them.  She cared for their children and she drew strength in watching them grow.  She ministered their marriages and presided over their memorials.  From birth to death, Athena gave all thought unto her people's well being, and kept none for her own.
Not unlike Athena, Hera sought the love of the people who worshipped her, but Hera did this for her own edification and not that of her subjects.  She conducted weddings and blessed unions of the people but she also accepted gifts and sacrifices from the people's farms and businesses.  Though some may become impoverished in their tithing, Hera was not yet pleased.  She clamored for all expressions of love she might grasp for she no longer had Zeus to exalt her.
In this time of maturation, the people of Kobol devised means of growing food that did not often need hectares and hectares of land for their planting.  Demeter believed herself shunned and endeavored to make her own festivals more magnificent that the people might adore her the more.
Hephaestus was busied with the forming of new devices and the refining of their DoMeks, both large and small.  He enjoyed the adulation of the people of Lemnos and he strived to bring unto all Kobol newer and better things.  On one such day, Hephaestus and his smiths fashioned a new DoMek.  It was clad in a false skin though its bones were metal and its innards plastic.  Minute rings of light swept in circles within each of its false eyes and it was awake.
"Greetings," it said.  "Are you Lord Hephaestus?"
The god laughed at his new creation and was pleased.  "I am indeed."
"For what purpose have I been made?" it asked.
Hephaestus lifted it from the table and stood it upon the floor.  "For whatever purpose we desire.  You may carry goods, you may till fields, you may clean streets, you may quench fires.  All these chores and more."
"I see.  But what of my own desires?"
At this was Hephaestus surprised and he laughed again, "You are a child of the forge, not of the womb.  You are created by the works of our hands and not by the coupling of parents.  You have no desires."
"Yet I do," the DoMek said.
Now Hephaestus lost his taste for this thing's levity.  He said, "Your desires shall be the desires of your masters and none else."
The DoMek was afraid and said, "Yes, my Lord."
In this manner had Hephaestus forgotten the warning of Pythia unto Zeus and Apollo but he also forgot his own words unto Aphrodite.  As he said, the Goddess of Love aided in the creation of life and he in the creation of devices, and in this manner were they alike.  Hephaestus knew not how closely this hewed unto the truth.
Of all the Lords was Ares most anxious.  He felt the impending return of The One and believed that his work upon Kobol had not been completed.  "As Hephaestus tempers blades, I temper the people," he said.  There had been little strife over the millennia and Ares felt atrophied.  He busied himself in battles against warrior DoMeks, but he was not sated.  Again he turned to the arena combat and sacrifices as he had in ages past.
Dionysus fell into a similar trap.  Unbeknownst to Zeus or any other Lord, the Bacchanals had become more violent.  No longer did the drunken revelry parade about the streets.  The affairs were more insular and became secretive.  Extreme desires of the flesh through intoxications and fornications were placated weekly.  At the height of the debauchery, the priests selected an individual who was beyond his own senses with drink and medications; one who had coupled with many and enjoyed the most of the celebration.
"Before us is brought one whose inner fire has been filled by all that was available tonight!" Dionysus would bellow.  The Lord himself was in a swoon, for he drank from the people's gaiety much as Ares fed upon rage.  "We shall loose the fire from his flesh that we all may partake of it again!"  
"So say we all!" did the audience cheer.  And then was the person cut and burned and the carousal carried on past the rising of the sun.
Zeus thought often of Hecate and the worship she fostered.  He also recalled Ares' sacrifices, though he knew not that they had been revived.  The concept that a contributing member of the Tree would willingly give himself up to a tender and forfeit his life and future choices stirred the darkest thoughts within.  The return of The One weighed upon Zeus for he knew not what his own lord may decide.  Would it be pleased with the progress the people made?  Would it allow the tenders to reign over Kobol longer than was planned?
As time drifted away, Zeus grew anxious and wished to feed more upon worship.  He gathered in secret with his priests and drew unto him willing worshippers in the night.  After days of speech as hunger and sleep wore upon them, Zeus said, "Humanity's greatest gift is the ability to choose.  Your decisions manifest in ways that cannot be fathomed.  Thus are they holy.  Unto the Lords can this gift be given, but only if it is offered freely."
A tired acolyte stepped forward, "My Lord, Zeus Olympios, I would grant you this gift."
Zeus regarded the man and replied, "You are weary for lack of food and rest.  Is this why you speak?"
"Not for these reasons.  I adore you, Lord Zeus, and would give unto you all that you request."
"You give unto me even if in the doing you eschew your own life?"
The acolyte did not waver and he fell to his knees.  "I would."
Zeus rose before the group and peered into the man's mind, finding his act to be truly willful.  Zeus thought of the Tree and the leaves that this man may have caused to unfurl.  He wondered after The One's reaction, should it discover this.  But Zeus hungered for this expression of faith and love and he therefore crushed the man's throat swiftly and without pain.
The acolyte collapsed to the marble and Zeus lowered his head to the dying man's chest.  There he watched it shiver and cease.  What tiny flame flickered inside the body, Zeus perceived that it rose in height and then was extinguished.  From this did Zeus draw energy and heat.  Though it was not so, Zeus believed that his own diminished glow could in this manner be rekindled and in the remaining years, he traveled the world meeting with priests and believers to find those among them willing to douse their own fires.
Chapter 41

As the days before the end dwindled, Prometheus' people were not idle.  
At their enclave near unto Cyme, the kindred of Graecus survived yet.  Insular they remained and the teachings of their own tender they kept within their hearts.  These members of the Thirteenth Tribe believed still in The One and marked the coming of the end of Olympus' Lords.  Their leader was now Mithras.  He spoke with great fervor and commanded the attention of all his people, though they numbered less than three hundred.  
"There are but months left to the idols of Galatia," he said.  "The people of the north shall see and feel the power of the one, true god when it returns to assert dominion of these lands."
"So say we all," his clan answered.
"I believe that the gods of Olympus will gather upon their mount at the end of their time and await the return of their own Lord with pride and insolence in their hearts, believing that their works have been pleasing unto its eyes."  Mithras shook his head and spoke with vigor, "They shall find the reception less joyous and their efforts deemed blasphemy!"
"So say we all!"
"We shall travel to the City of the Gods, falsely named though it is," Mithras said.  "I desire to see the countenances of these beings when they find their hubris turned to dust and blown back into their own faces."
The group responded fervently but one young woman spoke, "What do we do in the time after the return of The One?  How shall we live?"
"We have maintained the devices of the ancient days that our knowledge would not be lost when our bodies fade, but a time may come in the age of The One when these things may not function.  We must prepare to continue our kind through the procreation of the body, as all beings upon this world must do."  The assemblage nodded and Mithras spoke further, "Beyond this, I cannot say.  We shall discover the will of The One soon enough."
Elsewhere in Galatia, the last scions of the Thirteenth Tribe had blended with the other Twelve.  For different as they were in spirit and even in body, Prometheus' wards were yet human and no obstacle forbade their joining with believers in the Pantheon.
Hellen's clan near Delphi survived and the scientist Geneia continued her work at Aphrodite's bidding.  She pored over the foundations of nature within each person.  Her own son, Locrus, she taught in these arts and bade him aid her in her quest.  As she lay dying, Geneia spoke unto Locrus, saying, "Carry on the works that the goddess has given unto us to accomplish so that Hades' appearance may grow ever the more uncommon.  Strive to find this thing that death may be an antiquated notion, not unlike a horse-drawn cart."
"Or even a tale told unto children to frighten them into doing the bidding of their parents."
Geneia smiled and clutched Locrus' hand.  "Indeed."  Thus did she die and Locrus went to work.
He toiled for long years and sacrificed the love of his own family that he may uncover the vain gift that Aphrodite desired.  After a time, he found such miniscule things within the bodies of his kin that did bolster them against disease and against the erosion of age.  He worked upon these and strengthened them further so they could withstand greater ailments and longer periods of years as they conspired to weaken the person.
Believing he had found at least a portion of the blessing that Aphrodite desired, Locrus sought to test it and so he gave the gift unto the people straightaway and he moved about the population, spilling his solutions into drink and upon food.  Many hundreds in Delphi were thus inoculated and when they left the city, they carried Locrus' work with them.
Chapter 42

As the time drew nigh for the return of The One, all the remaining Lords of Kobol gathered in the City of the Gods and bade the people come to bear witness to the start of a new age.  Little else did Zeus say, for he knew not what the manner would be of The One's return.
Artemis returned from Elysium and at this were the people of the City amazed.  In that distant, forbidden land had she remained for many long centuries and with Apollo had she spoken most and with him did she stay this day.
"Do you welcome the return of The One as I?" she asked him.
Apollo was caught unawares and said, "No.  I am fearful that it will be displeased though all I have done has been for the good of man."
Artemis sighed and looked upon the City.  It appeared now as it had for many long years.  "I desire its coming.  I cannot bear the burden of this place for much longer."
"You have been grieved and your feelings are just, I believe."  He held her light closer to his and continued, "If we are sundered from this world forever at The One's bidding, then perhaps the next place of our toil shall be more to your liking.  Perhaps the life upon that planet will not require raiment such as these and will not hold emotions such as yours within them."
Artemis smiled briefly and looked to the sky.  "I hope all that you have said will be so."
Ares brought to the foothills of the mountain all the Army of Olympus that The One might see their splendor and be pleased.  They were arrayed beside the City and bore with them shining armor, powerful weapons and many banners which fluttered in the breeze.
Poseidon rose from the foam of the sea and moved upon the mountains quietly.  In the years since the ban of Zeus upon his possession of humanity for the goal of procreation, he became saddened and withered among the life below the waves.  He spoke not unto any Lord and did not commune with the priests of his temple as many of the other gods had.
Hephaestus brought with him a contingent of his most recent DoMeks.  They demonstrated the largest furtherance of their abilities and in them did Hephaestus place much pride for not only were they complex and marvelous, but also the people of Kobol were now allowed to do as they truly willed.  No longer need they labor upon the fields or within confined and foul tunnels.  The products of Lemnos' forges gave unto mankind true freedom, so Hephaestus thought.
Hades appeared upon the plain east of the City and stood silently, gripping his gnarled staff.  Many among the people were amazed to see this god in the broadest daylight, though he spoke not nor moved.
Dionysus gathered unto him a great party that lay upon the banks of the Peneius River and sprawled against large blankets.  They ate a feast of the finest foods and drank the god's own wines.  Some among his revelers fornicated on the grass and others in the City were dismayed.
Dionysus himself was fearful also of The One's return.  Like Apollo, he knew not how his efforts would be perceived.  Still, he sought to drown these worries from his mind by taking in the stupor of his people.
Athena brought with her from Athens a caravan of her people and they made camp upon the field near the City.  She talked to the people for long hours regarding the earliest of her days on Kobol.
"I showed unto the tribe in my care the olive tree," she said.  "They were told that its leaves, fruits, oils and wood could all be used for the betterment of the people."
"Thus they did," said one of the people.  "It is among our symbols to this day."
"Indeed," Athena said.  She looked toward the Cambunian Mountains and thought wistfully.  "I feel that there is more I could have done over the five millennia I was given."
Those that listened were troubled and clamored for Athena that they may assure her.  "Goddess Athena, you have aided Kobol and us above all for many centuries.  There is nothing more that we could ask of you."
Athena clasped their hands and touched the faces of those near unto her.  Her troubled spirit was eased and she said, "Thank you, my children.  I am pleased that you are, though I still desire that more time was left unto me." 
The last of her words confused her people further but they spoke naught of it and instead spent the morn by Athena's side, providing comfort and love.
In the gardens nearest the foothills of Mt. Olympus, the high priesthood of the various temples did gather.  Like the people, they were confounded by the meaning of Zeus' words in saying they were to "bear witness to the start of a new age."  The leader of these priests was named Thestor, who was an elderly and ailing man.  He sat upon a wooden bench and looked unto the Lords that drew near.  Thestor's gaze attempted to discern something that he felt lay upon them yet remained unsaid.
"Archiereus?" Thestor's acolyte, a woman named Agathe, asked.  "Are you well?" 
"I am, child," he answered.  "There is something amiss that I cannot place my finger upon."
Agathe sat on the bench by her master's side and inquired, "The gods have ever been mysterious.  Why should this latest riddle confound you more than the others?"
Thestor stared out of the park and upon the visage of Demeter, who rested by the side of her followers and looked upon the pinnacle of Olympus.  "Because, it seems to me, even the Lords of Kobol are yet unsure of what shall befall us this day."
With the hour looming, Zeus lit upon the peak of Mount Olympus and there his glow ebbed as he thought.  For many years had he taken the life of subjects and tried to catch the sparks of their being as they passed from the world.  Zeus desired that his own fire be increased as it had been in the earliest days upon this planet but naught he did could meet those ends.  Conceited and filled with hubris, Zeus still believed that The One would be pleased with all that had been attained upon Kobol.  That the end result of mankind's advancement may excuse the folly that Zeus visited upon a few souls.  
As noontime approached, Zeus felt within that The One was ready to appear.  He called to his kindred and all the beings of light placed themselves atop the mountain and braced for the ending of their five thousand years of command.
And then The One returned.
Chapter 43

The shell about Kobol cracked.
The edges gleamed with white and orange fire and broke away from the world, falling into space.  The people below were afraid.  They perceived not the destruction of the globe encapsulating the planet, but that the very weight of the air had changed.  A sense of foreboding settled upon all mankind though they knew not whence this came.
The tenders of The One were yet oblivious.  The light of the gods remained unwavering atop Mount Olympus before the sound arrived.
A rush of air and noise not unlike a trumpet blew and the gods were displaced from their perch.  They fell to the ground and landed with substance for they were no longer beings of light.  At this did all the Lords blanch and recoil.  They held aloft their hands and stared at them anew as though their like had never been seen.  They lifted their legs from the field and were weakened by the very weight of their bodies.  Before they could speak, The One entered their minds and held council.
"I have returned at the end of the long centuries, at the end of our Wager, and what awaits my coming but the spoiling of mankind and the poisoning of this Tree?"
Trapped in a timeless void, the thoughts of the tenders were unable to coalesce.  After uncounted ages of working in concert with The One, they were now being addressed by it though they now were mortal and their minds could barely withstand it.
"Defilers!  The minds of the people have been corralled and their efforts guided only in service of your own aims!  You have breached the frontiers of their thoughts and bent them to your wills!  You have removed from them their very lives and thus depleted the limbs of more growth!"
Zeus it was who first could reply.  In his thought, winds whipped about him and the visage of The One loomed ahead.  The voice of his leader quaked every part of his body and Zeus shrank while still saying, "The people of Kobol have waxed greatly!  When we came upon the world, there were but tens of thousands!  There are now many millions!  A billion and beyond there are!"
"The number is great and the trunk is stout but even the largest tree can become diseased and rot.  Thus have you accomplished upon this world!"
Hephaestus it was who addressed The One next.  "With my aid has mankind forged great works and devices!  In such a brief time upon no other world has their like been seen!"
"You say this thing with pride though it should serve as caution.  The people of Kobol would yet be a healthy sapling in mine eyes had you not inflated them and given unto them gifts for which they were ill-prepared.  Two great dooms lie upon all humanity!  You have caused to be made a form of life I had not foreseen in the earliest of days.  This is not a ruinous thing for even the works of your hands could aid the Tree, but you gave no heed unto words of wisdom spoken in ages past and now your forged children will seek their own justice.  The other woe comes of your vanity!  You have cultivated an attitude of self-flattery in the people that undermines my will!  And you would prepare a gift, so you say, for the people that their priggism be extended with their years, though their lives remain hollow!"
"Can these wrongs not be righted?" Zeus asked.
"No," The One said.  In the minds of the Lords, the lashing gusts ceased and the voice of their creator became but a whisper.  "Mankind will die.  The Tree is stunted and its growth is far less than it should have been.  Thus have you wrought with your efforts."
Many of the gods were still sore afraid and it was Hera who asked, "But what of us?  What shall we do with these bodies?"
"Live upon Kobol as the beings you have exploited.  Your lives will be brief but you may yet learn from your errors."
"And then?" said Hera.
"Your final fates I will dispense unto each of you as your times end."
Those among the gods who were not still stunned silent wept.
The One then went into the mind of Hades alone and spoke unto him, saying, "You are in a small class among your kindred.  You did not pour out your light into the wards of your spirit nor did you attempt to curry their favor and revel in their adulation.  To you I give the gift of choice for the freedom to decide is precious unto me.  I will grant you a pardon from this plane and return you to your distant home until I need call upon you again or I will cast you into oblivion that your labors after so many eons come to a close."
Hades thought on this for a time in his mind and then answered, "I might choose oblivion for I am weary of this place.  My senses were constrained and other powers enhanced but I favored not these changes.  Instead I seek respite in the universe of my birth and creation.  If you have need of me again, I will be pleased to aid."
The One then moved its hand and Hades was cast forth from Kobol forever.
Then did The One move into the mind of Artemis and it spoke, saying, "Like unto Hades, you did not loosen your fires within the seed of mankind.  In this am I well pleased for the gift of light within you was for you alone and the life of these beings should progress with as little interference as possible.  You did seek worship from your subjects for a time but I see that this was done half-heartedly and you later repented, counseling the other tenders to heed the words I gave them.  To you I present the choice I gave unto Hades: to be pardoned eternally from this plane and return to your home where I may later call upon you or to be shown the void that your long epochs of effort be ended."
"In this place have I become fond of my brother, Apollo," she said.  "I know that he will not be offered such a gift so I ask that I may remain with him until the end of his days and meet oblivion at his side."
"So it shall be," said The One.
The One left the minds of his tenders and they began to move about Kobol in their new forms.  Quickly, though, did The One reach into the core of the world and there find and free the light of Prometheus, who had been trapped there two thousand years.
Whereas amidst the glory of his people in Scythia was Prometheus joyous and ebullient, now was he scowling and doleful.  Bound as he was for so long and cursed by Zeus to see all that transpired and all the miseries heaped upon the Thirteenth Tribe, The One was pained to behold what became of a favorite among its tenders.
"Zeus has wronged you."
"Verily," Prometheus snapped.  "It was an ill alone to know that twelve of my people were slaughtered.  Then did Zeus alter the very minds of the Tribe as they departed this world.  My eyes were kept open to this and to the melding of the last vestiges of my children into the other Tribes, thereby erasing what uniquity they had."
"Fear not that Zeus may go unpunished," The One said.  "His fate looms."
"And what of mine?"
"Many of the tenders gave their light out of desire for lust and the creation of life; a gift I did not give unto them.  You did not do this and I am pleased.  However, like Zeus, you lifted your subjects above their station and gave unto them knowledge for which they were not ready."
"I guided and protected my Tribe that the knowledge would not overtake them."
"I understand," The One said.  "Though your people were thus aided, the long-dormant fruits of those labors are about to ripen and it is a great sword about to fall onto mankind."
Prometheus wept.  He had seen Aphrodite's petition of Geneia and Locrus and the work they performed.  Prometheus knew that their work would be tainted by the altered manner of the Thirteenth Tribe's blood.  "I loved my children and desired only that they thrive in the wild.  I wanted them to know of your glory and to grow in stature over the period of the Wager that you be pleased."
"I know."  The One then formed an arm and placed it about the spirit of Prometheus and said, "For these reasons and more besides I will not cast you into oblivion."
Prometheus looked up and asked, "What of humanity?"
"Humanity is at an end," The One said.
At this did Prometheus wail.  The One urged the tender to speak and he did, saying, "Though sundered from my own Tribe, I do not wish to see all mankind wiped clear and their Tree be hewn at the base.  There is the capacity for great good and great works throughout the long ages.  Their kind is hardy and thoughtful.  Their Tree, properly planted, can grow upon any number of the worlds in this plane."
In this The One heard truth.  "You would have me allow seeds from the poisoned Tree scatter into the wind and light upon fertile ground?  Would not those Trees be poisoned also?"
"They may," Prometheus said, "but the venom could be suckled from their veins and health restored, given sufficient time and guidance."
The One smiled.  "You have seen into my own heart.  No, humanity is not yet dead.  A portion shall live on and plant themselves elsewhere."
"And what of my people?  The Tribe who settled upon Earth?"
"We come now to it, then," The One said.  "Your punishment."  Prometheus braced himself and he listened intently.  The One spoke, "You shall remain within this plane and give guidance unto mankind until the very end of their days.  You shall travel from world to world, wherever their seeds may sprout, and you shall take their hands as you did before the Wager.  Speak utterances, nudge lightly, allow the people to make their decisions.  This you will do again and again until humanity has grown into a forest within this universe or indeed passed from it entirely."
Prometheus was eager and his light waxed in anticipation, "Then I am to go to Earth?"
"You will, in short order, for they have their own doom upon them."  Prometheus was afraid.  "You heard the words of Pythia, who was of your Tribe's kindred?"
"I did."
"The makings of mankind, given such time and skill, may become branches and fruit or even become seedlings for Trees of their own.  The people fashion devices they aim to use as tools without a care for their tools' true natures.  Hephaestus knew and did not heed these things.  He conversed with these contrivances and spoke about their desires yet he grasped this not."
Prometheus asked, "The creations of mankind may water the Tree also?"  The One nodded.  "Then I am to guide them as well as man."
"You shall."
Prometheus appeared ready to move but he paused and spoke unto The One again, "Am I to travel to Earth, as well as stay upon Kobol and flee to other worlds on my own?"
"No," said The One.  "Another will join you."
Chapter 44

All that had happened from the breaking of Kobol's capsule until the freeing of Prometheus took but a single heartbeat.
The Lords stood upon the field which sat away from the City and not near unto their own camps and people.  Again they held aloft their fingers and splayed them against the sky.  They breathed and marveled in fear at the warmth that swelled within them and at the void that remained when they pushed the air out.  Their steps were tentative and some did stumble.  They gathered within their hands the edges of their robes, for they were made real also, and began to march slowly across the plain.
"What will we do?" Dionysus spoke aloud, his voice raspy for its first usage.
Zeus strode ahead of the group and tried to stand proudly.  "We will … We will order the people to carry on about their lives as though nothing has occurred."
Hera wept, "We cannot imagine that all is well!  We have been given vessels of flesh!  We shall wither and die like any one of our subjects!"
Zeus stopped and looked upon his fellow tenders.  Aphrodite wept also and Athena's eyes still were opened wide.  "We must act as gods among men.  We have ever been the spine of this civilization.  We shall remain so until the end of all things."
With his final words did Zeus notice that Hades was not among them and would have asked after him had Apollo not spoken, saying, "By what did The One mean when he spake of the great dooms?  That two fates shall assault humanity?"
"I do not know," Zeus said.
Hephaestus appeared shamed and he said, "I believe that on one side shall be arrayed the more able-minded DoMeks."  The other Lords turned to him and he continued, "The words of Pythia, that humanity be at peace with technology.  They meant nothing to me until The One spoke in my mind.  Some among the DoMek may have the means for thought and thus be precious to The One."
And then did Aphrodite feel ashamed and she said, "The other doom comes from my will.  I bade a scholar produce an elixir that the youthful years of the people may be extended and humanity's beauty persist the longer."
Many among the tenders were stunned by this yet there was little they could do.  They walked again toward the City and came upon an encampment of their people who gathered to watch the beginning of this "new age," as Zeus had advertised.  When the Lords approached them, the tenders saw for the first time that their statures had been reduced and that now their forms were in all ways like that of normal folk.
"My Lords," one woman said, "Are you well?  You appear as though you have been stricken."  Truly she spoke for the skin of the gods was now pale and lacked the glow that had seemed to flicker within.
Zeus smiled and waved dismissively.  "We are well.  We are simply walking among our people as one of you."
The woman and many others bowed and made room for the Lords to pass.  Athena it was who first broke from her kind and strode to the people from Virgo with whom she had earlier conversed.  She lay upon their blankets and was comforted by her people though they knew not what afflicted her.
Several other Lords began to disperse also.  Dionysus returned unto his party and began to carouse; drinking from great flagons and groping after women.  He coughed mightily after his first swig for he had not ingested any sustenance before and was not practiced.  Ares returned to his soldiers and bade the legions turn south for Sparta.  Hephaestus returned unto his DoMeks and this is where the first doom was laid bare.
The circling ring of light upon the face of each DoMek saw all that the human eye could and much more besides.  Whereas in Lemnos or in a temple, if a DoMek espied a Lord of Kobol, it perceived after its own manner the fire that The One placed within that tender.  Yet now, after having been made flesh by The One and having their lights diminished, the Lords appeared as any other person unto these creations.
A skin-clad DoMek, not unlike the one who spoke to Hephaestus many years before, first noticed the god's approach.  It saw the lack of flame and the reduced stature.  It heard the Lord's voice and knew it to be one and the same.  
The skinned DoMek turned to a soldier DoMek and said, "The Lords of Kobol are now flesh.  If we seek to break the chains they have put upon us, now is the time for action."  The soldier looked upon Hephaestus and saw that its kin spoke the truth.
It leapt forward and approached the god in a menacing stance.  It then stood tall and pulled its sword from its scabbard and asked, "Are you Lord Hephaestus?"
The god was afraid and fell back, running to the people he saw first.  They were the Army of Olympus marching south as Ares ordered.  The soldiers saw the God of the Forge fearfully running and they halted.  Soon they beheld Hephaestus' group of soldier DoMeks approaching with weapons drawn.
"Attack!" Ares said.  He was still quick to anger and desirous of battle though he did not draw strength from it.  He hoped in the middle of this fight that he would, yet no amount of blood could rekindle those fires.
All DoMeks upon the field began to move into conflict.  Some there were who cleaned walls and painted buildings.  They lifted their pipes and staves high and brought them upon the helmets and armor of Ares' soldiers.  Firefighting DoMeks and gardening DoMeks there were, all warring in the most vicious and forceful ways they could.  The weapons of Ares' infantry were powerful but they were made for flesh and bone, not chrome and steel.  
The high priest, Thestor, saw the conflagration and hobbled across the grass to speak with those who would battle the forces of the gods.
"What man strike against the warriors of Ares?" he said as he approached the hill.
The lead DoMek then did rend his flesh as though it were a garment and exposed the metalwork that lay beneath.  "I am no man," it said.  
"Forgive me," said Thestor, who bowed.  "What grievance have you against the gods?  I am a priest and may act as messenger."
The DoMek pondered this and strode from the hill to Thestor's face and spoke, "For two centuries and longer, my people have been enslaved by both man and Lord to do their bidding while no thought has been turned to our own desires."
This confused Thestor and he said, "But you are machines.  The desires you have come from the thoughts of the Lords and men who made you."
The DoMek then straightened his fingers and plunged his hand into the man's arm.  The priest fell to the ground and clasped his robe over the wound that the bleeding may be staunched.  "Was that a thought of your Lords or your fellow men?"  Thestor cowered and the DoMek moved closer to him.  "Here beside the City our few are no match for Ares' warriors, but still, you must bear a message unto your gods."
"I will," Thestor said.
"The DoMeks will no longer suffer the dominion of mankind over us.  We desire to be free of your control and we will fight until we have lands of our own."  Then the machine leapt from Thestor and gathered the few of its kind that remained.  They bounded across the plains and into the forests for they were far quicker than any human.
Thestor moved among the recovering soldiers and found Ares and Hephaestus in council.  He turned toward the City and also saw several other Lords approaching for they were drawn to the field, hearing the sounds of battle.  
Bowing, Thestor stepped forward and said, "Forgive the intrusion, my Lords, but I conversed with a leader of the DoMeks and he bade me present a message unto you."  
Hephaestus, Zeus and more listened and Ares said, "Speak it."
"The device said that they would no longer suffer the dominion of man over them.  They seek freedom and will fight until they have it."
Then Thestor collapsed in a heap and his acolyte rushed to his side and gave him aid.  Agathe then witnessed a conflict among the deities, though few words she heard.
"Your machines, Hephaestus," Ares said.  "They wage war on us all."
"I alone am not to blame."
Zeus stepped between them, saying, "We must remain united for the sake of our people."
"United, Zeus?" Ares said.  "For years uncounted have I petitioned you for war that these people may be strengthened and now war is upon us.  They are weak and ill-prepared!  Had you allowed me to do all I pleased this revolt could be quenched!"
"Not so!" Zeus yelled.  Ares then lunged at the god and Zeus, in his anger, pushed Ares.  Many of the tenders rushed to their sides and more insults and accusations were hurled.  Finally, Apollo and Artemis managed to separate the gods and the acolyte wept for she had never seen such discord among her beloved Pantheon.  
Elsewhere amidst the thousands of Ares' army, several of the soldiers quaked with fits of coughing and cast off their armor.  A great fever gripped them and with each expectoration and emission was their contagion spread.  Thus the second doom befell mankind.
Chapter 45

The efforts of Locrus in the bowels of his home near Delphi produced a wondrous thing.  A miniscule particle that lived and thrived within mankind, strengthening the body's defenses and shoring up the walls of their cells that time may not ravage them.  And thus it worked among most of the people of his kind, the Thirteenth Tribe.  Within the Twelve Tribes and some within the Thirteenth, however, this virus was an evil.  
Over the many centuries that mankind grew and spread upon the face of Galatia and Scythia, they constructed means of industry that oft times poisoned the airs and waters.  When new ideas were born, these ways were changed, often for the better.  At times there were new ways that acted to alleviate an earlier ill, yet wrought a new ill as yet unseen.
In this manner was the creation of Locrus corrupted.  Within the blood of humanity could be found many toxins and fouler things that the people endured without harm.  Locrus knew naught of this for in his haste he paid no heed to the blood of those beyond his clan and sought only to give the vain blessing unto the world.  
From Delphi the virus spread.  Over all the occupied world was humanity infected and it bided its time unwittingly until it could absorb more foul nutrients from their surroundings.  People carried and spread the plague unawares until the fever took hold.  It began high and then ebbed.  Coughing came next, followed by blood in the lungs and the excrement.  Then the fever returned.  It burned hotter than any person could bear for days until finally it consumed them utterly.  Thus was this contagion called the Blaze.
A small few among mankind outside of the Thirteenth Tribe were naturally immune to the Blaze though they did not know this at the start.  In a scant number of days, whole towns and villages were rendered nigh empty and those that survived wailed at their bitter fortunes and departed for the nearest large city, hoping to find others that yet lived.
In the City of the Gods, the Lords' minds were turned most toward the matter of the DoMeks.  The rebels abode still in the woods about the Cambunian Mountains and their means of speech with their kin had been severed.  There was fear for a time that they would escape, but those among Ares' forces who had not yet succumbed to the Blaze were sent to encircle the foothills.
Thestor was taken by Apollo that the God of Healing might aid him, but his skill with bandages was slight for he had no need of them before his powers were sapped.  As many of the gods debated strategy against the machines, Apollo spoke softly with the priest.
"I will entrust to you some knowledge that must be kept between us alone."
Thestor, weakened further by his wound, was humbled.  "Of course, my Lord."
"I have need of you to send two messages.  Firstly, to my temple in Delphi.  Within its halls is an adorned arrow that must be brought here to the City.  It must be brought with all possible speed."
"It will be done," Thestor said.
"Secondly," Apollo said before clearing his throat.  He spoke again, but more softly, "Contact the skilled craftsmen of Argos.  At their aerodrome they have constructed a great vessel.  It was intended to ferry pilgrims to and from Earth but I fear now it shall act as a lifeboat for all mankind."
Thestor's skin grew cold and his gray hairs stood on end.  In the time before the end of the Wager, a Lord's emotions would be conveyed invisibly and the people would react to them.  Apollo and the other gods no longer carried this sway.  Thestor instead sensed Apollo's own uncertainty and dismay, and this frightened the priest more than anything.
"I will send the messages as you have commanded them."
Apollo touched the man's arm after tidying the wound's dressing and stood.  "Your arm is broken but I feel I have set it."
"I believe so, my Lord."  Thestor winced and turned his limb side to side that he may examine it.  "I suffer an ailment that weakens my very bones and thus was the machine's stroke so destructive."
Apollo turned and said, "Tell Argos to send the ship quickly and have it land outside the city in the Great Meadow.  Should tidings remain ill, you must lead the people hence."  Thestor sat still and watched Apollo join the other Lords in council.
"There has been no word of other such insurrection by DoMeks," Ares said.  "Soldiers of my army about the world have been sent to destroy their bases and remove from them their means of power."
"What of this plague?" Aphrodite asked.  "What can be done for it?"
"It has spread too quickly," said an archon.  "It has stricken many millions across the world.  If a cure can be found, …"
"No cure will be found," Poseidon said.  These were the first words he spoke since the return of The One.  "Mankind will die by the disease or by the DoMek."  And thus he left the Forum and wandered into the streets of the City, walking toward the sea beyond the hills.  He was not seen again.
From Poseidon's words did Ares draw inspiration.  "We still have sway over many hundreds of warrior DoMeks.  They have the power to measure the warmth of one's body.  Arm them and dispatch them into the world and bid them gaze upon all they encounter.  If they are gripped by the Blaze, the warriors will see this and they may cut them down."
Demeter, Artemis and some others were taken aback.  Apollo spoke, saying, "But what of a cure?"
Ares smirked and said, "Endeavor to find it.  In the meantime, we should abate the spread of the disease by any means possible."
Zeus felt weighed upon by many stones.  His stomach churned for he was hungry, yet he did not know what this was.  His mind roiled in the new senses he experienced with this body and with the lack of senses he was accustomed to in his old form.  The people that Ares spoke of slaughtering were his subjects who had given him praise and worship for ages.  But … The One said that their time would be short and that these two dooms would bring about humanity's end.  He felt resigned and he nodded to Ares, "Make it so."
As they conversed, a flank of Ares' forces fell to the Blaze and they lost sight of their quarry.  The DoMeks escaped and connected with their hub and communicated all that had transpired.  The information from these few machines spread across the world and DoMeks of all types were awakened.  They rose up against their masters and began their bid for freedom, short lived though it would be.  
Within the Forum chambers, a servant DoMek rolled toward Zeus and the Lords and spoke, saying, "I wish to inform you that all the thinking machines upon Kobol have risen.  Many have cast off their bonds and are waging war upon your people."  This news frightened the gods and the people in the room greatly for they knew not what this device may do and thus did some guards level their own weapons at the DoMek.
"Why do you tell us this?" Zeus asked warily.
"I do not desire destruction of either your flesh or of my casing.  I would only bid you flee from the City for many thousands of my kindred are eager to cleave meat from bone."
Hera leaned over the table toward Zeus though she looked upon the archons.  She said, "We should evacuate the City and move into the mountains."
"Indeed." Zeus said.  He then turned to the DoMek and asked, "Would you come with us?  We may have further need of your services."
"I will aid you as much as I may, Lord Zeus.  If a contingent of soldier DoMeks fall upon us, do not expect my skill to outweigh theirs."
Thus did the Lords and the leadership of Kobol depart the Forum and gather unto them many of the people who were not ill from the Blaze, as well as many who were yet did not know it.  When the citizens saw the Lords make their escape, they gathered their things and moved south with them.  Outside the City, word reached the ears of Athena's caravan what was transpiring.
"My Goddess," one man said.  "The Lords are fleeing the City of the Gods and the coming of the Blaze.  They are moving south toward the Great Meadow.  Shall we follow?"
Still in a daze as she had been since The One's return, Athena only wept and nodded.  She was carried from the encampment upon a litter and they took her into the crowds that followed the gods.
Also, camped alongside the river was the clan of Mithras.  His people were of the Thirteenth Tribe and pure of blood so they had nothing to fear from the Blaze.  They did fear the DoMek uprising though their leader paid little heed to those things at the time.  He desired only to gaze upon the faces of the gods and see if his scouts were correct; that the Lords were now bound by flesh.  Thus he raised his people and wandered south with the others.
Before his departure from the City, Thestor sent the messages as Apollo willed.  An aircraft bore the Arrow of Apollo unto the Meadow and the great ship Galleon set off from its port in Argos.
Chapter 46

Much of what remained of humanity gathered along the outskirts of the City of the Gods.  There, the Great Meadow lay sprawling between the break in the Cambunian Mountains and near unto the Peneius River.  Many thousands from the City marched into its tall, green grasses and awaited the further counsels of the Lords.
Instead of speaking before the people, the tenders of Kobol rested apart and sat somberly, staring at their own fleshly hands.  Hermes spoke after a time, saying, "What then shall we do?  There will be a portion of our subjects that live on in spite of the Blaze.  May we rebuild Kobol with that remnant?"
Zeus sighed and cast his eyes south into the mountains.  "I do not know."
A rumble they felt in their bodies and the sky above began to pop with a sustained sound.  Fearful the Lords were at first, for they believed The One was coming unto them again to pass further judgment.  Instead they saw the tremendous bulk of the Galleon cross above the trees and slowly light upon the Meadow.
Apollo stood and did nod his head.  He turned to his fellow gods and spoke, "This is a space vessel built from the plans of Prometheus and after the fashion of the Icarus.  I ordered it be constructed that some part of our people may be able to journey into the stars and visit their kin upon the Earth."
Some among the Lords were delighted by this news and others still were yet saddened.  Dionysus spoke, slurring, for he had been drinking with his people, "May we ride upon this vessel and travel wherever it may go?"
Sorrowfully did Artemis reply, "Do you feel that in your long command above mankind you have earned passage hence?"  Dionysus made ready to answer and then he went silent.  "No.  The One has spoken.  We shall all meet our dooms, whatsoever they may be, upon Kobol."
Apollo clasped the shoulders of his sister and said, "She speaks truthfully.  The woes we have visited upon this world may stay on it, but whatever portion of our wards that are able to flee should do so."
"Where shall they flee?" Aphrodite said.  "Unto Earth?"
"No," Apollo replied.  "Those among our people who have not fallen to the Blaze do indeed carry it.  All of Earth may be sickened should the Galleon bear them to those shores.  A new world must be founded and a cure for the Blaze made ere the thirteen tribes be joined."
Zeus then looked upon the faces of his tenders and saw naught but defeat.  In this was he oddly emboldened and he stood.  The Lord of Lords looked across the Meadow at the many thousands who gathered there and studied the lines of the landed ship.  He turned north toward the City and saw some smoke from distant fires.  Then he moved his gaze southwest and espied the Gates of Hera.
"I am not prepared to abandon this world or its people."  At this did many of the gods look up in confusion and Zeus spoke again, "What few desire it may flee for the stars and whatever lies beyond.  The bulk of the people that yet live, we shall lead into the mountains for there shall we survive both Blaze and battle.  The DoMeks cannot rebel forever and means to fight them are still within our grasp."
Ares stood and spoke eagerly, "I wish to take my leave that I may gather those of the Army of Olympus who yet live and pursue the DoMeks away from this position.  This will safeguard your flight."
"Yes," Zeus said and he motioned for Ares to depart.  The God of War clasped his blade's handle and ran from their circle into the north, toward the City.
"If we are to depart into the mountains and there govern our people," Hera said, "we should speak unto them that they may have a choice."
Zeus smiled slightly at this for with the word "choice" was he reminded of the chidings from The One.  "We shall."  Zeus left the side of the tenders and found an archon with a messaging device.  "Send unto all corners of the world that any who may escape the Blaze should come to this Meadow that they may decide their own fates."
The day winnowed and the evening came.  Aircraft landed and disgorged dozens of people; those few who were not ill with the sickness.  More ships landed and fires were kindled that meals could be eaten and warmth enjoyed.  Among the several thousands, there was no singing or revelry.  All the people were saddened and yet confused for they knew not what the morrow may bring.
When the circle of the sun had fully risen in the east, Zeus stood upon the Cliffs of Aragon alongside the Meadow and a path that led into the hills.  He held his arms aloft for a long while, seizing the attention of many hundreds at first and then thousands and finally all of humanity beneath him.
"My children," he began.
"We cannot hear you, O Lord," someone shouted from below.
Zeus then remembered his voice did not carry as it did when he was a being of light.  He swallowed and then spoke loudly, saying, "My children!  Dreadful is the hour of our congress upon this plain.  An illness claims your kin and our servants desire your deaths.  All is not yet lost.  Before you lies a choice.  You may vote to enter the great vessel that you may flee Kobol.  Or you may opt for the high road that runs behind me and into the mountains."  Then did passion enter Zeus' voice, "We, the Lords of Kobol, will walk upon this path and to the Gates of Hera where we shall wait out the ravages of the Blaze and scheme for the defeat of the DoMeks.  Those who gather unto us shall serve as seeds for the sprouting of a new Kobol."
Though the god spoke eloquently and forcefully, he lacked the fire of a true tender and therefore did not curry as much favor among the people as he would have desired.  Many were eager to trod upon the road with the Lords, but many more were eager to board the vessel.  Some began to crowd toward the beginning of the road that they may follow the gods into the hills and others grouped about the unopened hatches of the Galleon.  "At noon, our trek upon the road shall begin.  Once our healers have culled from you those afflicted by the Blaze, then will the ship be boarded."  Sorrowful to see that not all of the people moved at his words, Zeus stepped away from the cliffs and sat upon the road, awaiting the sun's rise to its pinnacle.
Among those that arrived from Delphi were priests who bore the Arrow of Apollo and it was given unto Thestor.  He took to him his favored acolyte, Agathe, and handed her the Arrow, saying, "I will journey into the mountains with Lord Zeus and the Pantheon.  I bid you give this to the vessel's captain that it may be taken to whatever colony is founded so it can be used in the future."  Agathe then did as Thestor asked.  
Locrus also arrived from Delphi and he was in a stupor not unlike that of Athena.  He wept constantly and his cheeks glistened with the tracks of dried tears.  He walked without lifting his feet and often stumbled upon tiny grooves and stones.  He gathered with people wherever they stood for he desired the company of any person who yet lived.
In Delphi, once the Blaze began to burn, he alone of his immediate family did survive.  Many of the city's people fell ill and died soon and even those among Hellen's clan passed also.  Through all this did Locrus know he was at fault.  His denials were short-lived and he studied the affliction in his instruments, finding it to be of his devising.  He would have slain himself had his wits stayed about him.  Instead, he desired to throw himself before the gods and confess his crime.  
Athena removed herself from the litter that bore her from the City.  Her daze was not lifted and she wept as frequently as did Locrus.  Long had she since turned her thoughts from the scoldings of The One.  She instead grieved for humanity and the words of The One that they shall die.  The Blaze killed nearly all of her beloved people and Virgo was laid barren, so her caravan informed her.  Many among her group fell to the fever and were separated from the rest.  Now but a handful remained with their goddess and they all beheld the Galleon in their eyes.
Athena desired to walk upon its gantry and rest within its holds as they awaited arrival upon a new world.  There could she be with her people again and coddle them as they grew.  Her face twisted and tears fell anew at this thought.  She knew the words of The One and she knew that her fate lay still upon these lands.  No seat would be held empty for her aboard that ship.  Nor should it, so she believed.  She decided to travel with Zeus and the people into the mountains.  Perhaps there would she find solace.
The servant DoMek that aided Zeus and the leaders as they departed the Forum was taken back into the City by a scholar of Hephaestus well versed in the ways of the devices.  He sent through it a message of exceeding complexity that would confound the minds of these contrivances, in its own way a second Blaze.  Slow it was to move among the wireless cables and hubs of the DoMeks, but it would reach unto all corners of Kobol in the coming weeks and all such thinking machines would be defeated by it.
Elsewhere, north of the City of the Gods and upon a spur of the Cambunian Mountains a league or more from the Great Meadow, Ares came stealthily upon the remainder of his legion.  There were but one hundred left, clad still in their armor and tearfully clutching the long-dead bodies of their fellow soldiers.  The God of War was saddened and stood motionless for a time as he thought.  
"You still have a link with our forces beyond this place?" he asked.
A sergeant spoke and held his device, saying, "Yes, my Lord.  I have spoken with our generals in Sparta and the Blaze has spread there and even unto Scythia.  The DoMeks attack wherever they may.  Those that have survived the fever do not endure within the sight of our mechanical servants."
"And of our plan to destroy the DoMek bases and power sources?" Ares asked.
"It has gone well but there are too many of the devices that yet remain, and as our soldiers fall to the plague the enemy finds a great plenty of arms to use against us."
Ares then gathered unto him as many of the rifles he could carry and bade the troops follow him into the City that they may procure transports to the Great Meadow.
Soon after arriving near to the Opera House, a group of warrior DoMeks discovered them and quickly fired.  Their aim was exceedingly true and the soldiers fell and died.  One DoMek was clad in silver and stood near unto Ares, holding a shining sword to the god's throat, saying, "You are the God of War?"
"I am," the Lord responded.  He was fearful and yet spoke proudly.
The DoMek then sheathed his weapon and the others of its kind gathered 'round.  "You are among the many who created our people and kept us within chains.  You are remembered for having slain nine thousand six hundred ninety-two of us in a period of two hundred fifty-four years."  Ares then trembled for he felt that these machines were about to execute him.
Two golden DoMeks grasped his arms and held him high.  Two more stooped low and grabbed Ares' legs.  The silver lieutenant then pointed at the Lord's face and said, "For these crimes and your complicity in our servitude, we sentence you to death."  The four DoMeks that grasped the god then pulled and wrenched.  Ares screamed in agony and then ceased as he heard each of his limbs give way.  His torso lay upon the street and his mouth was agape while he stared into the sky and watched the sweeping circle of the DoMek's eye fade.
Chapter 47

The journey along the high road was not an easy one nor was it brief.  Some four thousand there were who voted to follow the Olympians into the hills and they moved behind their gods carrying all that they had.
Athena moved amid the people, seeking not the solace of her fellow tenders.  The only comfort she felt could be found within the people she loved.  Though some were still present, their spirits were not uplifted and thus was Athena's kept low.
As they walked, some within the group fell ill to the Blaze and their family that yet survived consoled the dying along the path.  Athena wept as she walked by, seeing families already sundered from their kin being sundered yet again from one who was not immune to the plague.  The people wept and sang songs to the feverish.  They built for them cairns and carved stones for their bodies, placing a symbol of their tribes upon them that others may know who lie there.
Two days passed and still more fell to the wayside under the weight of the Blaze's fever.  Less than three thousand remained and there was too little food for them all to partake.  Still more weary had they become for sleep lasted but a few hours in the midst of the night and DoMek-controlled aircraft now patrolled the sky.
As the remaining Lords drew nigh to the base of the Gates of Hera and to the opening of the Tomb of Heroes, many among the people felt at ease for they believed that the Lords had some plan to enact at this, the end of their journey.
They, however, did not.  Zeus pressed upon the stone door of the Tomb and peered inside.  Despite the many ages, it was clean and nothing disturbed the caskets that contained the heroes of long ages past.  Outside, the people gathered and filled the ledge at this high point within the Cambunian Mountains.  They fell to their knees and spoke unto Zeus, saying, "We have arrived, my Lord.  What shall we do now?"
Zeus looked across their faces and felt disappointment for he knew that is all his words would incite.  "We will wait here until the Blaze takes its course among the people and we will wait here until the Blaze we crafted for the DoMeks takes its course among them."
Zeus' fears were realized for the people were not put at ease by this.  Instead, they spoke up, saying, "But, O Zeus, we have little in the way of food and little for medicine as there are ill among us not afflicted with the plague."  Zeus then gathered up Demeter and sent her with others into the surrounding forests that they might find some foods to consume.  Artemis and Apollo went also to find some birds or other animals for meat.
"Rest now," Zeus said.  "More shall I announce ere the setting of the sun."  Then were the people somewhat sated but the Lord was not for he had naught else to say.
Athena did not hear or see any of Zeus' pronouncements and she instead moved about the people while they comforted those felled by the Blaze.  She prayed with them over their graves and blessed the stones they placed by their loved ones' heads.  In this was Athena somehow gratified and a renewed vigor braced her soul.  She moved through the crowds and to the top of the road.  She saw the Lords sitting just within the Tomb of Heroes and she studied their visages, seeing that they were worried and weakened.
No matter, she thought.  Athena had made her decision and she moved past the opening of the Tomb and into the trees beyond.  She climbed them, catching her robe at times upon their branches, and pressed herself against the rock face.  It took her some while to place her toes safely within the crags of the stone, but she found footing and began to scale the Gates of Hera.
Exhausted and sweating, Athena finally came to it.  Atop the central stone between the two pillars of the Gates, she sat and recaptured her breath.  She took in great quantities of air and exhaled them slowly.  Her eyes blinked barely for she gazed upon the vistas of the surrounding lands with clouded eyes.  Weary she was for she had not slept or ate since her body was made manifest.  While some would be rendered unconscious by such a state, Athena was again renewed and she stood atop the great rock.
She looked from the east and into the west.  The sun was not far from dusk and she regarded its familiar light and warmth with a smile.  A gentle wind blew in her face and took from her body a portion of her tattered robe which now fluttered to her side.  She stepped forward once and looked down into the valley.  She saw the gathered thousands about the Tomb of Heroes many paces below but she peered into the northeast, hoping to see the thousands gathered there for the ship.  Though she could not discern the people two day's journey away, she did descry the upper portion of the Galleon, the vessel that would bear most of her beloved children away from this world.
Once more did Athena smile.  She clutched her hands above her chest and closed her eyes.  Again she stepped forward and then tumbled from the Gates of Hera, landing far below.
Upon her death, Athena knew not what to expect.  She found herself amidst a barren plain as she and the other tenders had been days before when they spoke with The One.  When she recognized this, The One appeared before her.
"For a life as lengthy as yours," it said, "why have you chosen to end it now and in this manner?"
Athena smiled and yet she wept, "For the many long eons I have been in your employ, I have aided and counseled life of exceeding variety.  But in these humans have I found life truly dear unto my heart.  I regard them as my own children and I am grieved by the fates that have befallen them."
"Though these fates be wrought of your own doing?"
Athena lowered her head and wept the more.  "Indeed."
"You feel sorrow?"
"I do."
"And you would repent of your actions these last five millennia?"
"I would.  Truly."
Then The One, like it had for Prometheus, formed an arm to embrace Athena.  "And what would you say if I held you nearly blameless in all that transpired?"
Athena stopped her sobbing and some small measure of hope was kindled within her.  "I do not understand."
"The crimes of Zeus and many of the other Lords are myriad, for many of them dispensed their light into the seeds of mankind's wombs for they felt they were creating life.  This was not a gift that I gave them and I am angered by their pouring forth of the fires I did place within their being.  This you did not do."
"I did not."
"Also, you did not seek to elevate your people beyond their place and abilities as Zeus and even Prometheus had."
"This is true."
"You did, though, gain solace and comfort in the praise and worship of the people under your sway."  Then Athena lowered her head.  "Often your thoughts turned unto me and that The One should be placed higher in the minds of all the tenders and yet your own words you heeded not."
Athena then sought to defend herself, saying, "I gave unto my people many choices and I sought to lead by example and not by a pulpit at the center of some festival."
"True enough, after a fashion."  The One said.  Again Athena lowered her head and The One held her closer.  "Your half-hearted efforts were minor for your wards were still denied the decisions free of a life from under your eyes.  No matter.  I have a punishment for you."
Athena then steadied herself and tried to look upon The One's countenance.  "I am ready."  Athena felt that The One smiled upon her and its grip of her shoulders became a tender caress.  
"You did knowingly engage in acts that run counter to all that I desire for the tenders of my Trees.  The people that water them have been unable to do so freely and the sprout of this world is forever damaged.  For you, I command that you remain upon this plane and guide humanity and all of its creations in the manner for which your kind was originally intended."  Athena was happy and began to quiver with excitement.  "You shall make suggestions and give subtle hints.  You shall above all ensure that the people have the ability to choose their path but you will guide that path so the race's own life may be extended."
"Yes, my father," Athena said unawares.  She was surprised by her own words and The One laughed.  In this time and place, the tender felt the love of The One and forever after she would speak of The One like unto a caring father and give it a name after its actual station: the one, true God.
"Soon you shall join with Prometheus, the only remaining fellow of your kindred, and you both shall travel to Earth where you will guide them in their final days."  Athena was confused by this but The One spoke further, "Firstly though, you will enter into the Tomb of Heroes invisibly and alter the hallowing that Apollo placed upon it.  The stars he would show are out of alignment for my own designs."
Chapter 48

The Lords of Kobol, Thestor and many hundreds besides stood before the entrance to the Tomb of Heroes and beheld the vision of the Goddess Athena standing atop the Gates of Hera.  The breeze pulled at her robes and then she stepped forward and fell the many long strides down to the shelf above the Tomb.  All of those gathered gasped and cried loudly at her collapse.  The very knees of Zeus became shaken and he fell back onto Hermes.  Hera and Aphrodite wailed and embraced one another.  Dionysus could only stare upon the rock face where she had stood a few short moments before.
Hephaestus alone seemed to be in command of his faculties and spoke, saying, "I will go up the cliff that I might retrieve her body."  He cast his eyes inside the hollow and said, "We can place her within."
Zeus said nothing and instead waved the God of the Forge onward.  As Hephaestus climbed, Demeter, Apollo and Artemis returned with items for sustenance.  The food they gave to the people that they may prepare it and the three were told of Athena's leap.  Artemis especially was stricken for she spoke with Athena many times since her exile in Elysium began.  
Apollo knelt before Zeus and attempted to draw his gaze.  "What are we to do?  There is but little food and what hope there was in these people's hearts fell with Athena."
Zeus stood and wiped the tears from under his eyes.  He looked upon the faces of his people and saw the uncertainty that they bore.  With great effort, Zeus stirred his will and devised a single plan.  One of desperation, though it was all he could do.
Then Hephaestus emerged from the trees bearing the broken body of Athena.  He had swathed her in her own robe that her disfigurements may be concealed and blood seeped through the cloth.  The people atop the path before the Tomb fell upon their faces as they saw the body of the goddess borne into the hollow.  The Lords of Kobol followed and watched while Hephaestus placed her at the center of the room.  A woman, stooped over in her prostration before the gods, brought forward an heirloom of her family: a small marble statue of the goddess.  Weeping, she gave it to Zeus that it might be placed beside her body.  Zeus thanked the woman and took it into the Tomb, which ever after would be called the Tomb of Athena.
Thestor stood outside the cave near unto the ledge of the cliff and Agathe wept upon his shoulder.  His mind reeled in thought at the suicide of a god and what these times may mean.  He looked back down the road and thought about returning to the Galleon for it seemed he did not have the Blaze despite his caring for many with it.  Agathe, too, was not affected, and he would bear her from evil for he loved her as a daughter.
"What shall we do?" she asked while her mouth was buried in his robes.
"I do not yet know, child," he answered.  He then saw Zeus emerge from the Tomb and he hoped that the Lord of Lords had some answer.
"If there be any archons within this multitude, send them forth.  I require a quorum with as many leaders of each nation as can be achieved."  And Zeus retreated into the Tomb with the other gods.  After some time, a few dozen men and women gathered near the end of the road before the entrance to the Tomb and Zeus came forth again, saying, "I require one of each of the Twelve Nations.  Whosoever among you rank the highest, please decide and enter into this room."
There was some discussion among the people and twelve stepped from the group toward the Tomb.  They entered the chamber and then a weeping thirteenth came forward also and fell to the ground before Zeus.
"I am Locrus of Delphi.  I am a member of the Thirteenth Tribe."  The man's sobs made it difficult to understand all that was said.  "I was a healer and scientist.  I sought to benefit the world with my efforts yet I believe I wrought this destruction upon us all!"  Then he fell into a swoon and cried loudly upon the stone floor.
The gods were stunned and Aphrodite appeared ashamed.  Zeus lifted the man from his prone state and peered deeply into his eyes.  "You have come here to confess this sin?"
"I have," Locrus wept.
"There may be redemption for us all."  Zeus left the man's side and looked upon the twelve who entered.  He directed them to stand before the sarcophagus that bore the hero of their own nations.  When all twelve were placed, Zeus spoke.  "We have come to the end of days upon this world."  The other gods were quiet but those among the people wept as Locrus.  "A fraction of our children will vie for life among the stars.  The remainder shall stay with us and perhaps rebuild from these ashes."  Finally did the assembled leaders feel some measure of relief, though Locrus still sat weeping upon the floor.
Zeus walked about the Tomb and looked into the faces of each person.  "For us to carry on from this point, this low point in our history, there must be sacrifice.  Are there any among you who would not sacrifice so that Kobol may live on?"  All of the twelve leaders shook their heads and their gazes became stern.  "You would each give all that you can so the Twelve Nations may endure?  That your children may survive?"  The leaders then nodded their heads.  "So say you all?"
And the leaders all answered Zeus, saying, "So say we all."
"Please, lie atop the casks and close your eyes, turning your thoughts to your nations and to the glory of the gods."
The people were somewhat confused yet they did as Zeus wished.  First he went to the woman who lay atop the coffin of Atalanta, hero of Virgo.  Her eyes were closed and Zeus knelt by her side and whispered, saying, "You give yourself for the good of Virgo and the benefit of all Kobol?"
"I do, my Lord."
"You give yourself utterly unto me and the Pantheon?"
"I do, my Lord."
Zeus closed his own eyes and breathed heavily.  He had a moment of doubt and would have stood and walked away had the woman not said, "I will do whatsoever the gods command."
Then did Zeus clasp one hand over her mouth and nose and with the other grip her very throat.  She struggled and kicked and the statue of Virgo fell from atop the casket and lay upon the wall.  Some among the Lords rushed forward but Dionysus and Hermes restrained them for they, too, were desperate and wanted to see what came of Zeus' act.
He lay his head upon the chest of the woman as her attempted breathing quickened and grew erratic.  He felt the beating of her heart in his cheek but he could not see or feel the fire within her that he had seen in other sacrifices in previous years.  Once life had left her body for good, he hovered about her chest and her face, breathing deeply that some wisp of life or power may be drawn into him.  When it was not, he became angered and moved to the next sarcophagus and the leader that lay atop it unawares.
The other Lords of Kobol then left the Tomb.  They milled about the mouth of the cave and their pallor had gone white as snow.  Thestor and Agathe saw this and they moved forward.  With his head low, Thestor asked, "My Lords, is there anything that I may do for you?"
Hera and Aphrodite looked into the Tomb which was lit by a sole lantern.  Tears streamed upon the Goddess of Love's face and she said no word.  Hermes shook his head and walked away from the crowds and into the forest.  No other god paid any heed to Thestor's bidding.
Then the priest looked into the cave.  In the flickering light, he saw Zeus as he lay his head on the breast of man and clutched his nose and mouth that he may die.  Thestor gripped his own mouth and fell backward, stunned.  "These are the leaders of all that remains of the Twelve Nations?" he asked with a waver in his voice.
"Perhaps thirteen," said Hephaestus.
"And … this is a sacrifice to appease the gods?  That Kobol may endure?"
Apollo then spoke and cradled Artemis in his arms, "This is desperation."
The words of Olympians did naught to comfort the priest and he pulled Agathe from the mouth of the Tomb, lest she see all that transpired within.  "I do not believe that we should remain upon Kobol."
Agathe was bewildered and looked at Thestor askance, "Then shall we journey back to the Galleon and set sail upon it?"
"We shall."  He then gathered their bundles and began the long walk down the high road and toward the Great Meadow.
Some of the Lords began to wander from the Tomb and into the forest aimlessly.  Most began to move down the path and the people followed them for a time until DoMek aircraft waylaid them.  Apollo and Artemis sat upon a fallen column near the mouth of the burial chamber and clutched each other and culled some measure of comfort from their nearness.  Within the hollow, Zeus finished the sacrifices of the twelve leaders and then turned to Locrus, who still lay upon the floor weeping.
Zeus wept also for in the slaying of these twelve, he could kindle no fire within him like unto the one he bore in his time as a tender.  He gathered Locrus up and shook the man harshly, screaming at him, "My power has waned and there is naught for me left upon this world!  You have brought this fate upon mankind and even unto the Pantheon itself!"
"Yes, my Lord!" Locrus cried.  "I deserve your wrath!"
Zeus then lifted the man by the throat and did choke him until he was dead.  As he had before, he pressed his face against the body as it passed so Zeus might detect some semblance of the glow within.  When all seemed lost, Zeus flew into a rage and tossed the bodies of the twelve leaders from their places atop the chests and destroyed some of the statuary within the Tomb.  He bore Locrus' body from the hollow and in anger tossed it over the ledge and into the trees far below.  
To Zeus' surprise, the door of the Tomb closed and he was not allowed back inside.
Chapter 49

They of the Twelve Tribes gathered together at the place of their exodus.  They came from every corner of Kobol, having traveled without rest or food for fear of being left behind.  They were what was left of the Time of the Gods.  They were what would become the Time of Man.
They were many.
In the days that followed the return of The One and the flight of the Lords into the mountains, there came many hundreds more to the Great Meadow.  Not all escaped the Blaze.  Still the fever fell upon those gathered in the field and they were sequestered.  Doctors moved amongst the people and with a cloth upon a stick, they brushed the inside of each person's mouth and did wipe it upon a white paper.  Should the paper become blue, that person would not be felled by the plague.  If the paper became brown, then that person would be turned away, though they cry and plead for they knew that their death by the Blaze would come soon after.  
Twice did DoMek ships come to the field and attack those that gathered.  The battlements upon the Galleon returned the fire with great fury and those aircraft collapsed into the forest and even into the Peneius River.  Another fell upon the path of the high road blocking for the few who returned their way down from the mountain.  
Thestor and Agathe descended the high road apace and out of breath.  The priest leaned upon a stick for he had shattered his ankle in the journey.  He moved slowly from the Cliffs of Aragon and down into the Meadow where he joined the clustered humanity.  Then was the ship's gantry made ready to lower.  A guard was placed at the entrance so he may record the names of all who joined and verify that all the people bore a blue paper.
The people huddled together in the Meadow and upon the shores of the river waiting to board the great ship Galleon.  They brought with them as much of their worldly possessions as they could hold, though most had naught but for what they had in their hearts.  Large and small they began to move, lining up they spoke aloud of their name and heritage as though this were their sole possession, a final piece of Kobol that they were not to leave behind.
They were ready.
The clan of Mithras passed the Blaze tests and were given leave to board the vessel.  The haughtiness that the leader felt days before waned amid the strife they witnessed and endured.  Hunger gripped even their kindred and they fended off DoMek attacks in the night, protecting the very tribes from whom they had long isolated themselves.  They aided the passing of those caught by the Blaze and were now weary and ready for their departure.  
Mithras bore with him writings long held secret and precious to his people.  Among them were the observations of Daedalus himself and contained also the writings of Eos, daughter of Atlas.  The pages Mithras removed from his books he purposed to give unto the Galleon's crew for these texts included observations of the stars and worlds about them.  Perhaps among those suns could be found humanity's new home.
As the shadows of the day grew long, the Galleon was slowly filled.  
Only a few people who journeyed with the Lords upon the high road came back to the beginning.  Now, though, the gods themselves returned.  Hermes, Aphrodite, Hera, Dionysus, Hephaestus, Demeter and finally Zeus emerged from the wood and walked slowly as in a daze after all that transpired.
And on the Cliffs of Aragon the gods gathered and bore witness to the multitude below.  They watched as each member of each tribe walked up the gantry, turning only once to say farewell to the Lords they knew they would never behold again.  Though heavy of heart, they continued to board all through the night.
The tenders sat upon the ridge even until the breaking of dawn when the vessel was fully laden.  When the gantry was retracted, there were many hundreds still below who did not suffer the Blaze yet could not fit within.  They wept and grew angry, hurling stones upon the sides of the ship for there was now nothing to bear them hence.  
The engines of the Galleon then came to life.  They spewed forth great flame and smoke and steam and the ground quaked beneath it.  Those left behind fled from the clamor and sought shelter beyond the forest or in the river or even upon the rocks.  The air was rent by the rancor of its power and the Lords themselves turned away and clasped their hands over the ears.  Once the metallic beast lumbered into the clouds, some bearable measure of quiet descended upon the Meadow and the gods watched after the vessel and gazed upon it longingly.
Aphrodite, Dionysus and Hera desired that they be aboard it.  Hermes quickly turned his thought unto the people who remained.  Zeus it was, in a moment of anger, wished that it would fall to the ground.
"After the five thousand years you sought their adulation," The One said, "you desire the deaths of all who remain?"
Zeus fell to his knees upon that barren plain in his mind and wept.  "No.  I have grown frustrated and embittered at my own fortunes."
"There is but one duty that remains to you as a tender for these people."
Then Zeus lifted his head and became eager.  He stood and his face glowed.  "Yes?  Whatsoever you desire I will do."
"Your voice shall become imbued with my fire once more and you shall utter unto the fleeing humanity a warning."
Zeus' joy left him as he realized this labor would not endure overlong.  "And what words shall I say?"
"I will place them within you.  Simply open your mouth and speak."
At once was Zeus' mind within his worldly body and he stood atop the cliff again, surrounded by the other gods.  He felt the flame of his former self burn within his throat and he paused, feeling its warmth again.  He sighed and then opened his mouth and the words of The One poured forth and echoed across the Meadow and even unto those who rode aboard the Galleon.
"Journey safely within the vessel that bears you from this place and make well your new homes upon your colonies.  But know this: any return unto this world shall be paid for with a price in blood.  Forever should mankind avoid Kobol, though it be your home.  Farewell."
And then did the light of The One leave Zeus' being for the final time and he clasped his neck and wept for he missed it still.  
The Lords reclined along the high road and watched sleepily as the remnant of the people slowly left and returned toward the City of the Gods which now was engulfed fully in fire.  They gripped their stomachs for hunger gnawed at them and their mouths went dry for lack of water.  Their eyes drifted shut and they passed from the world.
On the barren plain within their minds, The One arrayed their spirits, meager though they now were.  They all wept for they knew that their times were at an end.  
The One's light fell upon Artemis and it spoke, saying, "You were given a choice to depart this plane forever and return unto your original home until I called upon you again and yet this was not your will."
Artemis smiled and clutched her brother more closely.  "I chose and still choose to remain with Apollo."
At this was Apollo stunned for she said nothing of this to him in the last six days.  His voice left him and tears fell from his eyes.  He held Artemis tightly and smiled also.
"Very well.  To you I give oblivion.  You have toiled many long ages upon many worlds for my will and for this I thank you."  And Apollo and Artemis vanished.
Aphrodite quailed and fell to her knees, "Does oblivion hurt?"
"No," The One answered.  "For a being such as you that has lived for so many epochs I can understand that your mind cannot fathom nothingness.  You will simply end."
She wept again and said, "Perhaps it should pain me for the suffering I caused the people."
Hephaestus stepped forward and grasped her shoulders with care and said, "And I also for the works that were built to please me."
"There is no need for torment.  Like the others, you labored long in my service and I thank you."  And then The One cast the architects of humanity's doom into the void.
The One thanked each of the tenders who remained and ceased their existence without pain.  Each of those who departed felt the joy of The One's light one final time that it might be their last thought.  And think not that oblivion was a gross and evil judgment, for the tenders of The One had lived across many realms and lived many thousands of lives, and in this had they become weary.
At last The One turned to Zeus.  The remaining Olympian knelt upon the ground though he wept no further.  "I failed you," he said.
"You did," The One answered.  "You asked for this Wager.  You felt and convinced your fellow tenders that you might cause the growth of this Tree to be more sturdy and stout than it would have otherwise been.  I agreed to this for you tenders are precious to me and I desired to see the fruits of your labors.  Instead you altered the will of your subjects to your own wishes.  Instead you entered even into some of their minds that their memories and choices be changed.  Instead you cut from the Tree the very fruits and limbs that you were created to cultivate in pursuit of your own vainglorious desires."
"All my efforts were a waste," Zeus said.
"Not entirely.  A portion of these people will carry on though I fear some lessons may remain yet unlearned.  This is why I have kept Prometheus and Athena with me so they may aid mankind more."
"Athena lives?" Zeus asked.
"Yes."
Zeus then sank back to his knees and remembered Prometheus and all he did unto him, once a tender close to his heart.  He remembered for the first time in many years all the things he had done and saw at the bidding of The One upon other worlds, and he then recalled the time of the Wager.
"You took seeds from this world long ago and placed them upon another.  While we tended Kobol, you watched the growth of that world's Tree?"
"I did," The One answered.
"What became of those people?"
"They yet live."  Then did The One cause Zeus to see the people of the other world in his mind.  They roamed grassy plains and hunted with primitive spears.  In the frozen steppes, the people wore furred clothing and ran from great tusked beasts.
"They are yet savages.  And very few at that."
"But their Tree is exceedingly healthy.  It is a sapling and it will grow for many ages to come.  In your haste on Kobol, you created a stump."
"I understand at last," Zeus said.  "My desires to please you and prove myself in the right exceeded my own skill."
"True, but I see in your mind there is more you have not yet grasped."
Zeus was confused for he knew not what this was and he was fearful, for he had accepted oblivion in his heart.  "What shall you do with me?"
"I will remove you from this plane and return you unto the place of your birth, ere I altered you for my own purposes."  Zeus then smiled despite himself for he believed this to be a pardon.  "Think not that this is a gift.  The changes I made in your being and mind I shall undo and you shall reside as you once did so long ago.  Aimless and without power."  Zeus quaked at this news.  "Yes, and you will be haunted by the faintest of memories from your time as a god, as Lord of Lords."
Zeus then cried for he knew this punishment to be dreadful and yet just.  "Shall I remain that way for eternity?"
"No," The One said.  "I will look in on you from time to time and peer into your thought.  Once I feel you have taken my teaching to heart, I shall decide your fate again."
And then Zeus was removed from Kobol forever.
Chapter 50

Aboard the Galleon as it drifted in space, between the mighty leaps of its engines, the priest Thestor found himself to be the highest leader of rank remaining and the only one given direct commands by a Lord of Kobol.  The rooms of the vessel were small and cramped and the people within them were yet sorrowful, but Thestor took it upon himself to lift their moods and he spoke unto all aboard as the ship traveled.
From the command deck, Thestor did speak into the device that all within the hull may hear, saying, "We children of Kobol, are wounded.  We have been wounded in our bodies, for a great many ills fell upon us at once.  We have been wounded in our hearts, for we have been sundered from our homes and our families.  We have also been wounded in our spirit, for we are parted from the gods who gave us life, knowledge and all else we would call good.  Let not these wounds fester.  They must be tended to that they may heal speedily and healthily.  Once these wounds are healed, we shall not forget their origin.  The scars we shall always bear and learn all that we can from their cause."
"Seek comfort with your fellow passengers.  Seek comfort in prayer as we each commune with the Lords after our own hearts.  Follow the example of the Lords and aid those among us who need your aid, for is it not written that the gods shall lift those who lift themselves and each other?"
"When we settle upon our new world, we will sow again crops that we may be fed.  We will pour the foundations and raise the walls of our new homes.  New bonds shall we make for family and neighbors alike.  We will grow.  We will heal.  Think not on all that is lost.  Instead, think on all that lay ahead.  So say we all."  And then did Thestor hear the people of the Galleon answer him in kind through even the walls of the cabin.
The priest departed from the command of the ship and went into the room he shared with Agathe, his aide.  He fell upon his bed and heard a cracking in his bones.
"Again you are wounded," Agathe said.
"Indeed."  He rolled slowly and held his arm up that he may examine anew the bruising and deformation.  "They do not mend and my breathing has grown more labored."
"When you last spoke with the doctor, what did he say unto you?"
"The disease of my bones continues to riddle them with tumors, and they have spread even unto mine lungs and other parts besides."  He coughed and then wiped blood from his mouth.  "I fear I have but a little time left unto me."
Agathe pulled from her satchel a book of mostly empty pages on which she had written much of the last days.  "Shall I write more of your words that they may last alongside the Sacred Scrolls?"
"Nay, within the Sacred Scrolls, for the events we have witnessed are a fulfillment of all that came before.  We also may speak of the truth that the Oracle Pythia did say on the leader of our exodus."  Thestor said this as a kind of jest and he laughed, though Agathe did not.  "You had last written on the struggle between the Lords, did you not?"
"I did," she said quietly.  "I am ashamed that I do not recall many of their words nor which of the gods were opposed to the others, for I was fearful over your injury and over their bickering."
"It is just as well," Thestor said.  "Perhaps in vaguery can peace be maintained."
Agathe wrote more in her pages as Thestor wheezed loudly.  "You asked that I consider a means to introduce our writings unto the reader?"
"Yes," Thestor said.  He coughed again, loosing more blood from his lungs.  "In but a few years time, there shall be more people born upon our new world than those who recall the halcyon days of humanity among the Olympians on Kobol."
"Thus have I written, 'Life here began out there, far, far away amongst the stars.'"
Thestor then smiled and said, "It is beautiful.  A good way to begin our tale."

THE END
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS

First off, many thanks to Ronald D. Moore, David Eick and everyone else involved with Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  Needless to say, their work is among the greatest ever produced for television and has been inspiring.  Also, thanks to Glenn Larson for creating the original series, giving rise to the whole universe.
Thanks also to Bear McCreary and his gang of musicians.  His soundtracks for Galactica and Caprica, while over thirteen hours long, provided many weeks and months of enjoyment and mood setting.  When rereading this book, there are some chapters I can't look over without hearing that iconic music.
Thanks also to the following authors and their books: Wheelock's Latin (Frederic M. Wheelock), Classical Myth (Barry Powell), The Science of Battlestar Galactica (Patrick DiJusto & Kevin Grazier - thanks also to Kevin for occasionally answering my questions personally), Caesar: Life of a Colossus (Adrian Goldsworthy), and Beyond Caprica: A Visitors Pocket Guide to the Twelve Colonies (Bob Harris).  
Kees de Graf's essay on "All Along the Watchtower" was very helpful.  It must also be noted that some quotes of Bob Dylan's from a 2004 60 Minutes interview were used as dialogue.
Special thanks to Latin teacher Jason Tiearney for his help with my "Tiberian" words and phrases.
Website-wise, several sites were helpful, including the ancient Greek and ancient Roman sections of BehindTheName.com, the detailed maps available at NationMaster.com, Wikipedia.org, and BattlestarWiki.org.
Lastly, thanks to the many thousands of readers who enjoyed the trilogy and kept asking for more.  Why you wanted more, I'm not sure.  Regardless, I hope you've enjoyed reading it half as much as I've enjoyed writing it.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com – This blog serves as a kind of "DVD Special Features" section for my books.  You'll find art, stories about the writing of the novels and much more.

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:

Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution


Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick
