LORDS OF KOBOL
BOOK THREE: THE FINAL EXODUS
By Edward T. Yeatts III

Published by Edward T. Yeatts III at Smashwords.  Copyright 2011 Edward T. Yeatts III.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MAPS

I – PYTHIA
II – ZEUS
III – APOLLO
IV – MITHRAS
V – ACASTUS
VI – ATHENA
VII – HECATE
VIII – APOLLO
IX – MITHRAS
X – HERMES
XI – ZEUS
XII – MITHRAS
XIII – APOLLO
XIV – ZEUS
XV – HECATE
XVI – DIA
XVII – ZEUS
XVIII – MITHRAS
XIX – ACASTUS
XX – ZEUS
XXI – ATHENA
XXII – ACASTUS
XXIII – MITHRAS
XXIV – HECATE
XXV – APOLLO
XXVI – ZEUS
XXVII – HECATE
XXVIII – APOLLO
XXIX – ATHENA
XXX – ZEUS
XXXI – ACASTUS
XXXII – APOLLO
XXXIII – ZEUS
XXXIV – HECATE
XXXV – THE CENTURION
XXXVI – GIDEON
XXXVII – HECATE
XXXVIII – THE CENTURION
XXXIX – ATHENA
XL – ZEUS
XLI – THE CENTURION
XLII – ACASTUS
XLIII – HECATE
XLIV – ZEUS
XLV – THE CENTURION
XLVI – GIDEON
XLVII – APOLLO
XLVIII – ACASTUS
XLIX – APOLLO
L – ZEUS & THE CENTURION
LI – GIDEON
LII – ACASTUS
LIII – DIA & THE CENTURION
LIV – ARES
LV – APOLLO
LVI – ZEUS
LVII – ARES
LVIII – THE CENTURION
LIX – THE CYLONS
LX – ACASTUS
LXI – THE CENTURION
LXII – ARES
LXIII – ATHENA
LXIV – APOLLO
LXV – HECATE
LXVI – THE REFUGEES
LXVII – THE CYLONS
LXVIII – ZEUS
LXIX – HERMES
LXX – GIDEON
LXXI – ATHENA
LXXII – ACASTUS
LXXIII – APOLLO
LXXIV – HECATE
LXXV – GIDEON & HECATE
LXXVI – ATHENA
LXXVII – APOLLO
LXXVIII – THE CENTURION
LXXIX – ACASTUS
LXXX – APOLLO
LXXXI – ZEUS
LXXXII – ACASTUS
LXXXIII – GIDEON
LXXXIV – PYTHIA
LXXXV – THE MESSENGERS
AFTERWARD

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:



I
PYTHIA
1,591 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Oh, c'mon," Pythia said.
"Sorry, I'm not supposed to tell you everything."  Ino paced some more.  "You simply don't need to know the true beginnings of the Olympians."
Pythia tossed her pen and opened the cap on her water bottle.  If she was supposed to write the definitive book on the gods, how could she not know their real origins?  She read the stories, the literary explanations.  But nearly everyone knew they weren't meant to be taken as word-for-word fact.  Downing a huge gulp, she put the water back on the table and scratched her arm again.  "Fine.  So what's next?"
"Now," Ino said softly, "we have to cover prophecy."
"Oh."
He stopped moving and looked at her quizzically.  "Why so glum?" Ino asked.
"That's what got me here in the first place."
Ino nodded and he walked about the room again.  "Yes.  I know."
Pythia put the end of the pen in her mouth and sighed.  She looked at the ceiling and began to speak, "I was able to do it once.  I've been in training ever since.  They think I can do it again."
Ino darted from where he was to Pythia's side.  He knelt, picked up her hand and looked into her eyes.  "You can do it again.  I know you can."
She seemed stunned by his touch and his sudden caring demeanor.  Her head tilted and a smile crept onto her lips.  She studied his face again, looking for some clue to support her intuition.  It was Ino's finger she felt in her mind …
"How?"
Ino kissed the knuckles of her hand.  "I will give you a few breadcrumbs.  From there, you can find the rest of your way."  She shook her head and Ino tugged her hand.  "I'm serious.  You can do it."
"Fine."  She put the tip of her pen to the page and exhaled.  "How?"
Ino stood and stepped in front of her desk.  "What is prophecy?"
She scoffed.  "Something you can say or write that becomes true after time."
"Communicated through you," Ino pointed at her as he spoke, "by a divine power."
"Sure."  Pythia tapped the pen.  "Is that good enough?"
Ino smirked, "It'll do for now."  He brushed some dust off his pants leg.  "How does one write a prophecy?"
Pythia opened her mouth to speak but she stopped herself.  A moment later, she said, "Assuming I have received the divine inspiration?"
"Yes."
She scratched her neck as she spoke.  "I … just write down things I believe will happen."
Ino shook his head.  "You write according to the inspiration."  Pythia flung herself onto the desk and Ino stood, speaking more loudly at her covered head, "You don't write down random phrases hoping that it will all make sense in a few thousand years."
"Why not?" she said, her voice muffled because she was still lying on her desk.
Ino rolled his eyes and shoved her.  "You stick to the inspiration."
Pythia sat up.  "And if I'm not feeling particularly inspired?  If I'm not hearing the words?"
"The divine instruction doesn't always come to people in a booming voice."  Ino lifted his eyebrows and said in a hushed tone, "Or with a visit from above."
Pythia drank more water.  "So … what do I do now?"
"Prophesy for me."  Ino sat back in the chair and crossed his legs.  He sat patiently, watching Pythia's mind grind its gears.  "A good prophecy is often vague yet specific."  She raised her eyebrows as he continued, "Draw from current events.  Or history."
She looked around the room and her eyes landed on her notes.  "Like the exodus of the Thirteenth Tribe?"
Ino smiled and nodded slowly.  "Good."
Pythia thought harder and harder.  Soon, her face fell.  "There could be another exodus."
Ino lifted his hands toward the ceiling, "Inspirational."
"I should look for key moments in the past to replicate …"
"Not necessarily," Ino interrupted.  "Remember, keep it specific enough for people to latch onto, but vague enough for maneuverability."
Pythia started to write.  "Yes."  She kept writing and Ino sat up in his chair, trying to peer over the desk to read her notes.
"What have you got there?"
"'A vision of twelve serpents was given to them as a sign of things to come.'"
Ino pursed his lips and he turned his head slightly to the left.  His eyes narrowed and he asked, "Where did you get that?"
"Well," Pythia began, winding her hair with her pen, "twelve is always a great number in religion or prophecy, because of the Twelve Tribes and the Olympians."
"Right."
"The serpents popped in my head because I was thinking of the Thirteenth Tribe and you told me about the snake thing ..."
"I see."
Pythia smiled and wrote some more on the page.  "Is that the kind of thing you had in mind?"
Ino returned the smile and he folded his arms across his chest.  "Exactly what I had in mind."
"'All of this has happened before and all of this will happen again,' right?"
Ino nodded, "Indeed."
II
ZEUS
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

"So say we all," Zeus said.
In his headset, the response was deafening, "So say we all."
With that, he pressed the button on the side and pulled the device from his head.  He stretched and blinked before walking across the room and slowly sliding into his chair.  "What are the numbers?"
"Still compiling, Lord," his assistant, Karl Thalen, said.
Zeus pressed his forefinger and thumb onto either side of the bridge of his nose.  He sighed heavily, wondering if there was a better way for those things to work.  "I don't know if I can do another one in six hours."
"We could play a prerecorded file, if you'd like," Thalen said.  His compaper beeped and he pressed a corner.  He walked across the room and handed the thick page to Zeus who read the illuminated figures slowly.
"Two hundred-ninety-one million."  He handed the paper back to Thalen.  "Down again."
Thalen took the page and lowered his head, slowly walking away.  "Lord Zeus," he asked, "how can we prevent people from logging off the Stream?"
Zeus shook his head.  "We can't, really.  I mean, free will and all."  He smiled.  "My little idea, though, is getting closer to fruition."
Thalen sat down.  "Oh, the chip."
Zeus stood and walked around the cavernous office.  "Yes."
"I'm sure it could help attendance, Lord," Thalen smiled.
Zeus walked to the window and looked out over the City of the Gods.  Two years ago when he returned, Zeus ordered it be called that.  Originally, it was "Theonpolis," meaning "City of the Gods," but the people's tongues grew lazy after a time and it was contracted to "Theopolis."  No more laziness when it comes to honoring the gods, Zeus said.  
So, Zeus overlooked the city from his office atop the tallest building in the Forum.  He saw the Opera House a block away and the tops of several temples nearby.  He looked to the north and tried to see Olympus in the mountains, but he couldn't.
"My Lord."
Zeus turned and he saw his chief of security, Carmen Erastos.    "Yes?  What is it?"
"Lord Zeus," she said, pulling a device from her waist, "I thought you should see this."  She pressed a button on the side of the computer and a group of people appeared on the screen, shouting and yelling.  "This was recorded during your temple service."
The people were chanting, "Free the Stream!  Free the Stream!"  Zeus furrowed his brow and watched them continue.  Erastos scrolled ahead in the video until a single man was speaking into a microphone.  "… compulsory attendance!  Lord Zeus is denying every Kobollian's right to free choice!  He is demanding worship, but the worship he's getting isn't genuine!  The only reason he gets the attendance he does is because people are biding their time until they can get back to their virtual lives!"
"Enough," Zeus said.  Carmen turned off the computer and stood at attention before him.  Zeus looked around the room.  The man was right.  The worship he got wasn't emphatic.  Millions more were simply disconnecting from the Stream rather than deal with the temple services.  "Where was this?"
"Delphi, Lord."
Zeus nodded.  "Apollo's old home."  Or does he still live there?  He couldn't remember.
"My Lord," Carmen began, "these protests are not unique to Delphi."  She lowered her head, as though ashamed.  "There are more every week."
Zeus walked back toward the window and he leaned against the sill, staring at the temple dedicated in his name nearby.  "Have you had any success in locating those groups I told you to watch out for?"
Erastos nodded and she stepped forward.  "Yes, Lord.  Using the Stream and several keywords you provided, we have been able to infiltrate a group of atheists …"
"What's an atheist?" Thalen asked.
Zeus turned his head from the window only slightly, "Someone who denies the existence of any gods."
Thalen's face contorted, "'Denies' … how?"
Zeus shook his head, "They don't think the Olympians are deities."  
"The atheists seem content to complain about the state of things among themselves," Erastos said.  "They're not actively recruiting."
"Leave them be for now," Zeus said.  "If their blasphemy becomes more open, let me know."
Erastos nodded.  "As for the monotheists, there are multiple groups around the world."
Zeus closed his eyes and he turned slowly toward her.  "'Multiple groups?'"
"Yes, Lord," she said.  "Our security forces have only been operating for a few weeks and that's what we've discovered."
Zeus walked in front of her and she seemed to quake.  He realized his Chara was reflecting his anger.  He breathed slowly and spoke calmly, "Maintain your observations.  Keep me apprised of any changes."  Erastos nodded quickly and left the room.  Thalen drank water nervously and Zeus returned to the window.  
Staring outside, Zeus propped his head up on his left fist.  He watched the people below move from building to building, vehicles traveling along the roads, and airships gliding past.  He knew his work was far from over.  Crushing the nonbelievers would be easy, if he wanted to do it.  But winning back the faith of the masses … that would be difficult.
III
APOLLO
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I hope you're ready," Leto said.
Apollo nodded, looking out into the forest near Dodona.  Athena was inside reading a book.  He was simply sitting outside on his porch under the early morning sun.  Without moving his head or his mouth too much, he responded, "I believe I am."
Leto walked in front of him and leaned against the deck railing.  She looked inside the home and watched Athena.  "You're not going to tell her, are you?"
Apollo raised an eyebrow.  "Is that a warning?"
Leto shook her head.  "No.  I'm just asking."
Apollo sighed.  "If I do, I'll wait awhile."
Leto pulled herself away from the railing and sat on the table opposite Apollo.  She leaned over so that she would be eye level with him.  "You still remember the vision I gave you?"
Apollo scoffed.  "I can barely sleep at night thanks to that.  More than the sights … it's the smells."
Leto nodded.  "I think you should know, at this point, that future is still possible."
Apollo interlaced his fingers.  "Well, let me ask this again, and perhaps now you can answer me: what do I have to do?"
Leto smirked and stood up.  She stepped over Apollo's legs and sat in the lounge chair next to him.  He started to follow her as she moved but then he whipped his head back to the front, so as to avoid drawing Athena's attention.
"You will have to confront your father."
"I expected that much."
Leto nodded and continued.  "Your boy in the forum …"
"Acastus," Apollo said.  "You know his name."
"Acastus will have to be given instructions on raising a fleet of ships."
"Right."  Apollo sipped his juice.  "I plan on taking him to Vulcan in a few weeks."
"Sooner is better."  Leto leaned on the armrest of the chair and stared at her son.  "While he prepares ships, you must prepare your army."
Apollo couldn't restrain his head moving toward Leto then.  "'Army?'"
Leto nodded, a slight grin on her face.  "Yes.  You will need one when the time comes."
Apollo laughed nervously and looked back into the forest.  "'An army.'  And who will my army be fighting against?"
Leto tilted her head and playfully brushed Apollo's arm.  "Your father, of course."
IV
MITHRAS
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

Walter Mithras didn't feel like going to school today.  He sat slumped over his desk with his hand pressing the Streamset on his face while a virtual teacher droned on about vocabulary.  The ten-year-old was beginning to nod off when the woman said, "That's all for right now.  Come back in twenty."
Walter removed the headset and laid it on his desk.  He left his room and went into the hallway, wondering if his parents were about yet.  Quietly, he stepped into the hall, trying to minimize the creaks from the floorboards.  He got close to the wall and moved toward his parents' bedroom.  With a single finger, he pushed open the door just enough for one eye to see inside.
He saw his father first, still in the clothes he wore last night.  He was propped up on the bed wearing his Streamset.  His fingers were twitching so Walter assumed he must be playing a game again.  He moved over a little more and caught sight of his mother.  She was sitting on her side of the bed, also wearing a Streamset.  She was breathing heavily and moaning.  Walter rolled his eyes knowing she was having sex.
Since they were otherwise engaged, he didn't bother trying to conceal his movements in the hallway.  He walked on down toward the kitchen and opened the cupboard.  He sighed as he did, remembering there was little there this morning.  Another day, another missed opportunity for his parents to have gone to the store to cash in some points for food.  "The shit's free …" he mumbled to himself.  Why don't they bother?
He walked back to the living area and just stood.  There were clothes piled up all over.  His toys were tossed in a corner.  The shades were drawn.  Walter decided to let some light in so he went to the windows and pulled them wide.
"Good day, sir," a small Cylon said.
"Hello, Rick," Walter replied.  He stepped over the robot and plopped onto the couch.  He watched the blue eye of the device sweep back and forth as it seemed to await instructions.  Before his father quit working, he used what little money he had saved up to buy the Cylon to help around the house.  Of course, Rick was too small to do much housework.  It could provide reminders, though.
"Rick," he said, "when my parents come in here later, can you remind them to go to the store for food?"
"As you command," Rick said.  The half-meter tall conical robot then rolled away from the sofa.
"Hey," Walter said, leaning over the couch to catch the device, "where is my brother?"
"Master Lawrence was greeted by friends two hours ago."  The Cylon turned to finish speaking, "He has not been back since."
Walter grinned, "Did he say when he would be back?"
"No, Master Walter.  He did not."
"Thanks, Rick."  Walter jumped off the couch and ran into the hall.  The Cylon followed him.
"Do you have any further instructions for me?"
Walter rolled his eyes.  Sometimes, the neediness of the Cylon annoyed him.  "Um ...  Pick up as much trash as you can and vacuum everything else."
"As you command," it said again in its mock-human voice before it turned and rolled away.
Walter stepped into the hallway and put his hand on Larry's doorknob.  He was careful and quiet; not because he wanted to avoid disturbing his parents, but because his brother had been known to booby trap his room.  He turned the knob slowly and opened the door.  He didn't take a step inside.  Instead, he looked at the floor in front of him and to the nightstand near the door.  He didn't see any strings or other tell-tale signs.
Slowly, Walter walked inside.  Larry had been cleaning his room rather well lately.  The bed was made, there were no papers or school books scattered about.  A few dirty clothes were on the floor, but it was still a far sight cleaner than Walter's room.  He moved quickly over to the desk and sat down.  He pushed the Streamset aside and began to leaf through a few papers on the desktop.
"Where was I?" he said to himself.  He pulled out one compaper.  When he activated it, he saw some science homework.  He turned it off and put it back into the stack.  He pulled out another compaper … no, this was regular paper.  It didn't activate when he pressed the corner and it just had a few doodles on it.  Walter shook his head and replaced it as well.  When he reached for a notebook, a box with coins fell off the desk and opened on the carpet below.
Walter slid off the chair and picked up the box.  He quickly put the coins inside and, without leaving his crouched position, he put the box back on the desk.  He looked up and studied the shelves in front of him.  Being at this low angle, though, he saw a sheet of paper under a shelf above some books.  He crawled over, pulled out a few of the books and carefully removed the paper from under the shelf.  It had been taped there.
When he looked at it, he saw that the sheet had some pencil marks on the front.  No letters or numbers.  Not even doodles.  Just random marks.  Thinking it may have been compaper, Walter pressed the corner and it lit up.  Red swirls appeared and they bounced from pencil mark to pencil mark before settling into letters.  Walter's eyebrows shot up and he smiled until he realized he couldn't read the letters.
He stood and sat back down at the desk.  He held his forehead in his hand while he turned the paper around and around, tried pressing different parts of it … anything.  He blew air through his mouth and flapped his lips, rotating the compaper one more time.  He saw something that caught his eye.  One of the "letters" looked like a mark he saw earlier.
He pulled out the sheet of paper from before, the one with doodles on it.  He laid it on the desktop next to the compaper and both pages now sprung to life.  It hadn't seemed like compaper before, but now the doodle sheet glowed with blue streaks, dashing from doodle to doodle and then crossing from one sheet onto the other.
"Cool," he said.  After a few moments, the sheet on the left contained text written in the red letters he couldn't recognize.  On the right, after additional swirling, the blue lights resolved themselves into words he could read.  Walter started to read aloud, more excited to have solved a puzzle than anything else.  
"'And when you pray, do not pray as the heathens do.  Standing in the streets, on the steps of their temples, before the altars of their false gods.  When you pray, enter your closet, and when you have shut your door, pray like this, …'"
Walter pulled his head up from the pages and scrunched up his face.  He wasn't sure what he wanted to find in his brother's room … something salacious, he guessed … instead he finds some religious stuff about false gods?
He stopped reading aloud, but he did continue reading, "O Prometheus, holy messenger of the Great One, guide our lives according to Its will, support us and bless us as we seek to do your holy work.  Forgive our offenses and provide us with defenses against those who would deny yours and the One's power.  These things we ask most humbly, amen."
Walter was confused again.  He had never heard of an Olympian named Prometheus.  And what was the Great One?  He placed his finger on the side of the compaper to scroll down when he heard someone in the hallway behind him.
"Wally, what are you doing?" his mother asked.
He turned around in the chair quickly, blocking her view of the desk.  "I'm just messing around."
She shook her head, "You know Larry won't like that."
"I know."  Walter thought about turning back to the pages but his mom wasn't leaving the doorway just yet.  "Where's Dad?"
She rolled her eyes and stepped away from the door, "Zeus started his temple service and shut down the whole Stream.  You know your father; he thinks it's important."
Walter turned back around, nodding.  If Zeus was on, that meant no more school for at least half an hour.  He scrolled down the pages, looking for anything that caught his eye.  He scrolled and scrolled.  And scrolled.  All he saw was, "heathens," "idols," "false gods," "one whose name cannot be spoken," blah-blah-blah.  Finally, he saw something about a sword, but he heard the front door open.
His head whipped around and he heard Larry's voice.  He pinched the corners of both pages, shutting them off.  He slid one into the stack of papers on the desk and jammed the other under the second shelf atop some books.  He knew he wouldn't be able to tape it back, but maybe he could sneak back in later to take care of it.
He quietly ran to the door and peeked into the hall.  He heard Larry speaking in the kitchen.  "Mom, when are you going to the store?  There's nothing to eat."
Walter ran from the room and tripped over Rick, which was rolling toward the living area, presumably to tell his mother about the reminder he programmed it to give.  Walter stubbed his toe on the wall and he flopped into his room and onto the bed.
He laid there for a moment, quietly cradling his foot and trying to catch his breath.  A moment later, Larry was standing at his door.  "What are you doing?"
Walter shook his head, "I hurt my foot tripping over Rick."
Larry squinted his eyes and then went into his room.  Walter stood up and walked to the door slowly, trying to not even breathe.  He listened to his brother's every move, hoping to decipher where he was and what he was looking at.  He knew he would be found out.
A moment later, Larry stormed out of his room, looped into the hall and into Walter's room, pushing him on the chest and knocking him back to the bed.  "What were you doing in my room?"
Walter had been beaten up by his brother before.  He was the little brother so he understood his lot in life.  Something, though, was different this time.  Larry didn't seem as much angry as he was … afraid.
"I was just looking around."
Larry pulled back a little and closed his eyes.  "What did you see?"
For whatever reason, Walter felt the need to be honest.  "I saw the papers about false gods …"
Larry pushed him onto the bed again and leaned in close.  "Listen to me," he said, whispering, "you cannot ever – and I mean never – tell anyone about those papers or … read them again or anything.  Do you understand?"
Again, Walter had to note the fear in his voice.  He nodded wordlessly and Larry stood up.  Walter was going to stand up, too, but Larry stayed there.  Staring at him.  "Never," he said.
Just then, their mom walked by and said, "I told you to stay out of his room."  
V
ACASTUS
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

The Libran delegate walked along the street, passing storefront after storefront, on his way to the Forum.  He passed the tables of a sidewalk diner.  He walked through a shimmering hologram in front of a Stream supply store.  But at the empty wall between two office buildings, he came to a stop.
Stephen Acastus studied the long rectangle pasted on the wall.  It was mostly blue and featured six stylized figures.  One held a lightning bolt before its chest.  Another had a sunburst behind his head.  Another wore a helmet with small wings.  There was a woman with long hair.  A tall man wearing an ancient warrior's helmet.  Another man holding a trident.  The Lords of Kobol, obviously.
Above the figures was written the phrase, "We are all here for you."
Acastus lifted his head and looked down his nose at the poster, trying to discern exactly what that meant.  A simple reminder?  Perhaps a subtle public relations move so the pedestrians would remember to thank the gods that day?  Then he noticed that "all" was underlined.  Was Zeus beginning to take steps against monotheists?  Acastus exhaled slowly and began to walk again. 
Apollo had warned him of this.  A week after the history lesson, Apollo sent him a plain paper letter that included a few signs to watch for and a warning.  One of the signs was active campaigns against monotheist worship.  Acastus turned onto the main thoroughfare and toward the Forum.  He saw the dome of the just-renovated Opera House in the distance.  
He had burned the letter after he read it five or six times.  He memorized the other signs and he immediately acted on the warning in the letter: "Get rid of any Cylons in your home."  He did that very day.
Acastus walked across the courtyard toward the southern entrance of the Forum complex.  He walked into the open foyer and began to pass by the Cylon at the front desk but he decided to stop.  He turned and walked up to the counter and asked in a low voice, "Is Lord Zeus here today?"
The Cylon's humanoid eyes glowed blue as it accessed whatever file it needed.  "No, Delegate Acastus.  He has not arrived yet, if he is, indeed, planning on coming today."
Acastus nodded and walked away from the unit and waved, "Thank you."
"You're welcome," it said.
He walked to the stairs and climbed them two at a time toward his office.  Once inside, he sat down and spun in his chair to face the portrait of Apollo.  Before "The Talk," he had a painting of Hermes on the wall.  He was the patron Lord of Libra, after all, thanks to their merchant culture.  After he learned the real story of Kobol, he could barely look at it, knowing the truth.  Instead, he found a centuries-old painting of Apollo and hung it.  When he was in deep thought, he would often turn in his chair and just study the painting's form.
He could see tiny mountains of paint clumping at broad strokes.  Apollo was wearing the standard ancient robes seen in most depictions of the Lords.  The sun shone brightly over his right shoulder.  He seemed to be leaning on a large bow and a quiver lay at the ground by it.  In the background, a marble structure of indeterminate origin was illuminated as much by Apollo himself as by the sun.
Knock-knock.  "Delegate?" someone said from the hall.
He slowly turned back to face the door.  "Come in."
President Lana Diomedes peeked her head inside.  "Stephen, there's a special meeting going on in twenty in the main chamber."
"Oh," he said as he sat up and pulled his scheduling compaper closer.  "Something new?"
"Yes.  See you there."  She left and pulled the door closed.
Acastus pressed 'refresh' on his compaper and the timeslot filled now with the special meeting.  It mentioned that the entire Quorum was to attend.  Zeus would be there.  And Hermes.  And so would the presidents of both HHT and Dataday, the two largest technology companies on Kobol.
Acastus stroked his mouth and chin, staring at the entry again.  What did that mean?  Why would Lord Zeus … why would Zeus want a meeting with all twelve members of the Quorum, Hermes, and those two tech heads?
He poured himself a glass of water.  Sipping it slowly, he occasionally glanced over to the portrait of Apollo, hoping for some sort of answer.  After about ten minutes of dawdling, Acastus rose from his desk, gathered a few sheets of compaper, and left his office.  He strolled the halls, smiling amiably at everyone before he reached the meeting chamber.  He realized now how often he smiled at people before Apollo took him into his confidence.  After "The Talk," he wasn't as outgoing and friendly so he needed to force himself to smile.  It seemed to get harder every day.
Walking into the chamber, he found his seat quickly and sat.  He surveyed the room, seeing who he assumed to be two groups of people from the tech firms and a few other delegates already seated.
"What's this about?" the Aquarius delegate asked.
Stephen shrugged, "I have no idea."
He sat in silence until the president, Zeus, and Hermes entered a few minutes later.  All of the Quorum had assembled, except for two.  Acastus studied the way Diomedes interacted with Zeus.  He didn't know if it was Zeus' Chara or his natural charm, but she seemed so eager to please.  To a fault.  Since Zeus' return two years ago, she had become his tool.  His puppet.  Yes, he was the Lord of Lords, but still …
"Are we ready?" Zeus asked before he looked around and saw the two empty chairs.  "Lana, where are they?"
"They are in their home districts, Lord," she pressed a button on her console and two panels slid down from the ceiling above their chairs.  Instantly, the faces of both absent men appeared on the screens and they nodded.  "They are here thanks to the Stream, Lord."
"Very well," Zeus mumbled.  He shuffled some papers and glanced back at the two tech teams.  "Let's get started then.  Forget the formalities," he said, waving to Lana as she was raising the gavel.  "Let's just start."
"Of course, Lord," she said. 
"I have asked Michael Yolandes and Otho Carrapice to join us today because they have been working with Hermes on a joint venture at my urging."
Acastus raised his eyebrows.  HHT and Dataday were notoriously competitive so this was big news.
"Jumping to the head," Zeus said, pressing his compaper, "this is what they've been doing."
The central hologram viewer flashed to life and a small rectangular device appeared.  Acastus couldn't tell how big it was supposed to be or even what it was, though it appeared electronic.
"I call it the Streamchip."  Zeus pressed his compaper again and the rectangle shrunk.  A blank-faced human head appeared and the rectangle embedded itself under the skin, perhaps even under the skull, near the ear.  "While it was my idea and some of the key principles came from me, I'm going to let them explain what it is and what it does."  Zeus waved to both men and they stepped up.
Carrapice motioned to Yolandes and he nodded, "Thank you, Lord Zeus."  He pressed a piece of his own compaper and the rectangle grew again, but with more detail.  "The Stream has been around for more than a thousand years with very little in the way of advancement.  The Streamset itself is five hundred years old.  But with the Streamchip, thanks to Lord Zeus' concepts, Lord Hermes' skills in communications, and HHT's nanotechnology, we can make the Stream experience as lifelike as life itself."
Acastus' brow furrowed and he straightened in his chair.  Nanotechnology?  Did he hear that correctly?
Carrapice stepped forward.  "At HHT, we've been working with nanotech for some time now, but applications and the funds for those applications were always few and far between.  With the Streamchip, our little nanobots make the Stream alive."  He pressed a button and the rectangle expanded showing components and labels.  "The chip is embedded in a person's ear and once activated for the first time, begins manufacturing nanobots."  A circle within the rectangle began spewing out dozens of tiny triangles.  "These nanobots position themselves around the brain at the various sensory centers – vision, hearing, tactile, olfactory, gustatory – and then relay commands from the primary chip.  Because of the direct input to the brain's centers, the Stream experience is every bit as real as everything around us."
Acastus' mouth was hanging open.  He couldn't believe it.  Just two years ago, Zeus echoed the same sentiments as he did on the ills of Kobollian society.  A lack of motivation, a lack of activity, and too much investment in the virtual world.  Now Zeus helped create a product that will exacerbate those same problems?
"The Streamset is fantastic, of course," Hermes said without standing, "but the sensory information it provides the brain is almost like a blunt instrument at times.  It lacks finesse."  
"I don't want to bore anyone with technical details, but I think you can see how fantastic this is," Zeus said, standing up.
"What is the initial price point?" the Leo delegate asked.
Hermes answered, "A little high at first.  About three hundred stater, but once production gets rolling, it will come down significantly."
"We have created sufficient numbers of chips for a major initial push," Zeus said.  "But what I'm really excited about is the giveaway.  After all of the announcements are made, I will shoot an arrow at a map, blindfolded, and whatever city is closest to the arrow, everyone gets a Streamchip."
Several delegates applauded.  Acastus couldn't believe it, until he realized that they could use this whole thing to score points with their constituents.
"Everyone, Lord Zeus?" the Scorpio delegate asked.  "This is voluntary, right?"
"Of course it is," he scoffed.  "No one is being forced to get one."
"Excuse me," Acastus said.  "Lord Zeus …" he paused as he gathered his thoughts.  "Just two years ago when you returned, you bemoaned society's absorption in the Stream, just like I did, and still do."
Zeus nodded, "Correct, Stephen.  But I feel that this development will allow us a way into the people unlike anything before."
"Literally," Acastus said.
Zeus smiled.  "Yes.  Look," he stood and lifted his hands, "I'm not delusional about where our people are.  They are at home, sitting in their chairs or still in bed with Streamsets on their faces.  I've tried telling them that too much of this was bad, but they aren't listening.  The majority of Kobollians simply want to remain immersed in that world."
"But …"
"Quite simply, Stephen," Zeus said.  "I've changed my mind."
The Quorum looked around at each other, surprised.  Zeus held up his hand and smiled, "Now, now.  Even I can be allowed to change my mind from time to time."  The president laughed loudly.  "With the Chip, my temple services will be more realistic than ever."
Acastus fell back into his chair.  So this is why?
"People will actually be able to experience my Chara.  Firsthand.  Its nuances can be translated through the Chip, whereas with the Streamset, the Chara was nonexistent."  He inhaled deeply and continued, "For one thing, this will draw more people into worship more often.  And I can set about putting the people on the path of the gods.  So they can follow and live in the example of the gods.  I can still steer them toward that better society."
The Scorpio delegate asked from his drop-down monitor, "How?"  Acastus looked over and nodded with approval.
"I'm giving them what they want," Zeus said.  "They will be more apt to listen to me.  And let's not forget, I am Zeus, after all.  I can be very persuasive."
Acastus leaned back, knowing further dissent would be pointless.  Instead, he remembered the second warning sign in Apollo's letter: "Be on the lookout for technology run amok."  Acastus nodded, knowing that this probably qualified.
VI
ATHENA
36 Years Before the Final Exodus

She was worried about Apollo.
For the last year, he seemed to have trouble sleeping.  He wasn't as attentive to her.  Selfish, maybe, but it was a change from the last six centuries they had been together.  He was often distracted and she repeatedly thought she heard him talking to himself, but it sounded more like one side of a conversation.
Athena paced the room, walking from the empty fireplace to the bar at the kitchen and back.  Apollo had said he would be doing prep work for the next Olympic Games, but that he would return yesterday.  He still wasn't back.  He hadn't called or sent any other message, either.
When she called him, he never answered.
Her pacing quickened.  What did it mean?  Was there another woman?  She shook her head.  It seemed unlikely as the Lords attract attention when they go among the human women.  Her recent news search didn't turn up anything.  It must be something else.
Earlier, she went through his study, looking for anything.  She found maps, lists of supplies, and unidentified designs.  She didn't know what to make of it, but it seemed as though he was working on something.
She stopped pacing and sat on the couch.  She stared at the paintings around the room and tried to calm her racing mind.  The sun had set.  Athena fell asleep.
When the door opened two hours later, Athena awoke.  She leapt off the couch and ran to the door.  "Apollo?"
He was there.  He set down his small case and nodded.  He seemed very tired.  "Yes."
Athena pressed the wall and a nearby light switched on.  She ran to him and hugged his neck before pulling back and shaking her head at him.  "Where have you been?"
Apollo shrugged.  "Olympic planning.  And then … other stuff came up."
Athena released him and leaned back against the wall.  Apollo looked as though he wanted to walk down the hall toward the bedroom, but he caught Athena's glare and he knew that wasn't an option right now.  
"What 'other stuff?'"
Apollo exhaled loudly, "Uh … just things.  Nothing terribly important."
Athena crossed her arms.  "You've been acting strangely for a while now."
"I have?"
She nodded.  "You're not sleeping well, you're away on long trips for no good reason … we haven't had sex in three months, and that's unusual for us."
Apollo sighed and closed his eyes.  "You're right."
"So," she began, "are you going to tell me what's going on?"
Apollo lifted his head and said, softly, "No, not really."  As Athena began to protest, he stepped forward and held her shoulders, "But I do promise to be here for you more often."
Athena raised an eyebrow, "In both body and spirit?"
He smiled and kissed her forehead.  "Yes.  I'm sorry."  He hugged her tightly.  "You're right.  I've been tied up in other things and I need to slow down and be with you."
She grinned a little and pulled her face away from his chest.  After a quick kiss on the mouth, she pushed him down the hall.  "Go to bed.  You look awful."
He grunted.  "Thanks."
She picked up his case and carried it into the living room, setting it down on the table.  When she did, she heard an unusual rattling inside.  She hesitated for a moment; curious but catious.  Finally, she opened the latches and looked inside.
No clothes.  None of the usual travel accoutrements.  Instead, she found incredibly old paper files and folders.  Athena peeled back a few pages in the top folder and realized that these had been taken from Hephaestus' storage lockers on Olympus or maybe in Vulcan.  But why?
VII
HECATE
36 Years Before the Final Exodus

Hecate flung her hands to the side and the crowd roared.  She laughed and circled the platform.  Throwing her head back, she looked high toward the ceiling of her opulent temple.
Marble columns, gold fixtures, silver accents, and candles all over.  The audience chamber was large and people crowded shoulder to shoulder to be closer to the altar and stage.  It was mostly dark except for a few spotlights on her and the man before her.
The music had stopped some time ago, yet the crowd still swayed.  Many were reacting to drugs; a few were still naked from having had sex.  Hecate was clothed, but the sacrifice on the platform was not.  She kissed the man on the lips and with her right hand, reached down to his crotch and began caressing his flaccid penis.
The crowd cheered and the man began to chuckle, closing his eyes, trying to enjoy the attention.  Hecate smiled and then licked his face.  As his penis grew more erect, she stroked it with more flourish.  The audience cheered and raised their hands into the air.  Hecate wrapped an arm around the man's face, plunging her tongue inside his mouth.  His penis became harder.  She stroked faster and faster.  She stood up from kissing him and ripped her robe while she worked his cock.  Her breasts fell from the strips of fabric and the crowd roared again.  The man on the platform began to quiver in excitement and his penis throbbed in her hands.  She sensed that orgasm was near, so she reached under the table and removed the large knife.
Hecate stroked and stroked him.  He began to moan with pleasure and the crowd grew quiet.  She lifted the blade and held it above his throat, watching the head of his penis.  Finally, his back arched and his penis swelled.  Hecate quickly slid the blade across his throat, spraying bright red blood onto the stage at the same moment his cock shot its ejaculate into the air.
The crowd's roar was deafening.  Hecate raised her hands high – one covered in red and the other in white – and she walked to the front of the platform.  She clapped her hands together, mixing the two fluids, and then held her palms out to the crowd.
"Life and death, together."  Many of the young faces in the audience nodded as Hecate continued, "They are not incompatible.  And the gods control them both."  She stepped back from the edge of the stage and raised her hands skyward again.  "So say we all!" she yelled.
"So say we all!" the audience responded.
Hecate turned her back on the audience and the lights went out.  She looked to the sacrificial platform and saw that the man was gone already.  She heard small high-pitched whispers behind her until, finally, there was silence.
She spun and looked out across the empty audience chamber.  She raised a hand and tried to lift one of the torn straps of her robe to her shoulder, but it fell down again.  She reached up and felt her cheeks: soft with prominent cheekbones.  Her black hair was still tied up and neat.  Her waist was, well, perfect, and her breasts were in good shape, too.  She sighed before she thought to herself, Off.
The Streamset deactivated and she pulled the device off her face.  Hecate blinked her eyes rapidly trying to make them focus.  She lay there, lounging across the chair much as she had all day.  This body was nearly fifty-years-old.  Her hair was short and gray and her body was soft and heavy.  With great effort, she pulled herself up and saw what time it was.
"Frak," she said, realizing she had again wasted an entire day on the Stream.  But how could she not?  Her followers had built such lovely testaments to her there.  The temple was only the biggest and most audacious of them all.  Her daily sacrifices, virtual though they were, brought her once again to the minds of young people across Kobol.
Hecate looked out of the window and saw nearby Theonpolis.  Or City of the Gods, as her father preferred now.  She didn't have her mother's home at the Gates of Hera.  Zeus had it razed centuries ago.  Instead, she was forced to live in an apartment just outside of the main city.  She didn't have to pay rent, of course.  Food was delivered to her.  And she had the Stream.
What was the point of complaining?  She finally had what she wanted.  Followers and adoration.  Hecate walked to the refrigerator and removed some leftovers.  After she ate, she could go to bed and hop on the Stream again in the morning.
VIII
APOLLO
36 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was a long day.  Apollo arrived at the Forum just after it opened and he met with delegates and the president for hours.  Hours and hours.  He had to feign interest until lunch time, and then even longer after that.  All so he could meet with Acastus.
In the last year and a half, Apollo had sent him a few messages, appropriately cryptic and sometimes encrypted.  He had not been able to sit down with him since he brought him back to Theonpolis after that long discussion.  Well, not discussion.  Lecture, perhaps.
Apollo walked through the hall of an administrative building and he finally reached the door of the Libran delegate.  He knocked twice and the voice within said, "Come in."
Apollo stepped inside and he saw Acastus.  It looked as though he had aged a decade.  Had the information Apollo fed him weighed him down so much?
"I'm sure it has," Leto said as she sat down in front of the desk.
Acastus walked around toward the door and smiled.  "Lord Apollo, pleasant, of course, to see you again."
Apollo pushed the door closed until it clicked and he turned and smiled, shaking Acastus' hand.  "And you, Stephen.  How have you been?"
Acastus shrugged and moved back behind his desk, "I've been keeping busy with one project or another."
Apollo removed a small silver tube from his pocket and placed it on the corner of the desk.  He pressed down on it, compressing it to half its size.  "There.  If anyone was listening to us they can't hear us any longer."
"Good," Acastus said.  "I don't know how long I could have danced around conversationally … using code words and such."
Apollo smiled and looked around the office.  He noted the large portrait of himself and raised his eyebrows.  "Why me?  Didn't you have someone else there before?"
"I did.  Hermes, actually."  Acastus sipped some water.  "After our talk, I figured it made more sense to keep you on the forefront of my mind."
"I don't see any pictures of family," Apollo said, pointing to the desk.  "Do you not have any?"
Stephen grinned meekly and turned back to a side table, pulling forward a picture of himself with another smiling man.  "My husband, Michael."
Apollo took the picture and studied it before handing it back.  "You both look very happy."
"That was a few years ago."  He replaced the frame on the side table.  "I'm afraid things aren't going so well now.  There's been talk of divorce …"
"I'm sorry to hear that." 
Leto leaned closer to Apollo and whispered, "Ask him why."
Apollo narrowed his eyes and after a moment of hesitation he spoke, "May I ask why, if I'm not intruding?"
Acastus sipped some water again.  "Well, let's just say I've been busier in the last year or so than either of us anticipated."
Leto looked at Apollo with a smug expression.  "Sounds familiar …"
Apollo leaned forward and caught Stephen's gaze.  "I understand.  Believe me, I do."  He leaned back and straightened his pants leg.  "I live with Athena, you know."  Acastus nodded.  "I haven't even told her what we're up to."
He nodded again.  Acastus reached into a desk drawer, removing two empty glasses and a bottle of ambrosia.  Apollo smiled and wrapped his fingers around one glass as Stephen poured the green liquid.  He immediately brought it to his lips and sipped.  Acastus replaced the bottle and drank half of his portion in a single move.
"Now, if I may ask," Acastus said, placing his glass on the desk, "what exactly are we up to?"
Apollo smiled and drank more.  Leto put her hand on Apollo's leg as he did, "It's time, son.  We can't delay much longer."
"I promised Athena that I wouldn't spend as much time away from her as I have," he replied to Leto, only realizing at the end of his sentence that Acastus might be confused.
"I don't care," Leto said.
"Does that change our plans, Lord … Apollo?" Acastus asked.
He looked at the delegate and forced himself to smile, "No, it doesn't.  I suppose."  Leto removed her hand and Apollo continued.  "You've worked hard so far and I appreciate that.  Soon, however, you will have to work harder."
Acastus exhaled slowly and finally nodded his head.  "Very well."
"I am sorry."  Apollo drank the rest of his drink and then set the empty glass on the desk.  "You've gathered the information I requested?"
"Yes.  I've made discreet inquiries to all contractors involved at the various spaceports and shipyards around the world."
"Will they be able to do it?"
Acastus tilted his head, "There's a potential problem there.  They're willing to construct ships to our specifications, but they're all going to want a great deal of money."
Apollo shook his head.  "You know, I thought we were creating a Utopian society that had evolved beyond the need for money …"
"'The need for money,' perhaps," Acastus said.  "But people still want it.  And the unnecessary things they can buy with it."
"You'll have to elevate him after all," Leto said.
Apollo nodded.  "Very well.  I anticipated that this might happen.  I have a contingency plan in place, but for now, carry on with your inquiries."
"What inquiries?" Acastus asked.  "I've already contacted people regarding everything you sent me."
"Metallurgists?"
"Yes."
"Cylon construction contracting?"
"One of the first calls I made."
Apollo's mouth curled a little on one side.  "Very good.  The alloys may take a while so go ahead and get the metallurgists on board."
"Yes, sir."  Acastus picked up his drink and brought the rim to his mouth.  "But what about the money?"
Apollo inhaled sharply.  "Well, I don't have any.  Or much, I should say."
"You're kidding," Acastus said, incredulously.
"Sorry.  I'm a god.  We're usually given whatever we want."
"I see," Acastus drank some more.  "So, how do we get the money?"
Leto smiled and stood up.  She walked to the desk and sat on the edge.  "He can do it.  Don't worry."
"You're in government," Apollo began.  "Move some numbers around."
Acastus raised his eyebrows and then he scoffed.  "You're kidding."
Apollo shook his head, "No.  I'm not."  When the delegate's expression didn't change, Apollo leaned forward, "Kobol's government is lax.  You can do this without attracting anyone's attention."
"Kobol's government is also rather poor," Acastus said.  "Our Utopia is a Utopia because we pay for everything.  There's not much left in any budget anywhere that isn't earmarked for something else."
Apollo reclined again and leaned against the arm of the chair, resting his face on his hand.  He looked at his mother and she just sat there on the desk, smiling at him.  "There has to be something."
Acastus sat up and his eyes glazed over as he thought.  "Yes.  You can ask for their help."
Apollo laughed.  "What?"
"I'm serious."  Acastus rapped his fingertips on the desk as he spoke, "If a god shows up on their doorsteps and asks them to make a few hundred tons of whatever, they'll do it."
Apollo shook his head, "No, I can't be too visible in this yet.  That would draw too much attention."
"Attention from whom?" Acastus asked.  "Your father?"
Apollo swallowed and nodded.  "Yes.  He cannot get any hint of what we're doing."
"No problem."  Acastus smiled and leaned back in his chair.  "He's going to be very busy very soon."  
"Why?" Apollo asked.
"Streamchips," Acastus said.  "Once they're on the market, Zeus will be working overtime to corral support, make sure everyone knows they were his idea … holding temple worships."
Apollo grinned and looked at Leto.  "See?  I told you he was good," she said.   
"Marathon won the free chips contest a few weeks ago and that's all anyone's talking about on the Stream."  Acastus continued while he turned his empty glass around on the desktop.   "They're about to go wide, and when they do, Zeus will be very busy."
"And I can fly around the world, meet with various CEOs and tell them how secret everything needs to be."
"Precisely.  And with all of the work spread out over hundreds, even thousands of companies, no one contractor will be financially hurt enough by our … imposition to raise any concerns."
Apollo smiled.  "You're good, Stephen."  
"I do, however, get the impression that once the pieces are made, the assembly will be a bitch."
"True."
"That will likely take money," Acastus said as he put the bottle of ambrosia back in his desk drawer.  "And it will get attention."  Apollo closed his eyes in thought while Acastus continued, "Hundreds of ships being built?  At a time when we have no space program to speak of, just sub-orbital commercial flights?"
"Yes," Apollo said.  
"Might as well tell him now," Leto said.
"By the time the ships are ready to be assembled," Apollo said, standing up, "you'll be vice president and you can conceal things a bit more easily."
Acastus' eyes widened and he stood as well.  "What?"
Apollo smiled and rested a hand on Acastus' shoulder, "Part of my plan is for you to be the vice president in a few years' time."
Acastus smiled.  "Very well.  If you wish it …"
"I do."  He picked up the silver tube from the desk and prepared to turn it off.  "Next month, on the tenth, I want you to travel to Vulcan."
"Vulcan," Acastus repeated.
"Yes.  Meet me at Hephaestus' old home.  There are a few things there I need to show you, including his workshop."
"I see.  What's in the workshop?"
"What remains of the only faster-than-light vessel in existence.  The Pegasus."  Before Acastus could speak, Apollo twisted the silver device and it sprang back up, ending the surveillance blackout.  "It was a pleasure speaking with you again, delegate."
Acastus nodded and lowered his head.  He seemed frustrated that he couldn't ask more questions.  "You as well, Lord Apollo."
IX
MITHRAS
35 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Come on, kids," their father said.  "It's time!"
Lawrence was already sitting in the living room with his Streamset in his lap.  Walter trudged in holding his.  His mother and father were already sitting on the couch with that glassy-eyed expression denoting that they were using their Streamchips.
When they came out last year, his parents went to work long enough to earn the stater to buy two and only two of them.  That's fine, Walter thought.  He wasn't sure about having a chip put into his head.  The headset was enough for him.
"It's almost time," their father said again.  "Jump in."
Lawrence shook his head and slowly put on his Streamset.  Walter watched him activate it and then he put his on, as well.  The skin all over his body tingled, there was a flash of light, and he heard a high-pitched blip.
He blinked several times and found himself standing in the usual enormous amphitheater.  His parents and brother were next to him and he looked toward the center.  A marble platform was rising from the grass and the statues of all of the Lords of Kobol surrounding it began to shine brightly.  With a sudden flash, Lord Zeus appeared and he screamed, "Greetings, Kobol!"
The audience roared back at him.  Walter looked at his parents and they were both jumping up and down, screaming with joy.  His father, obviously feeling Zeus' Chara, even had a tear welling up in his eye.  Larry seemed far more sedate, of course.  
"I greet you in the name of the gods," Zeus said.
"We rejoice and give praise to the Lords of Kobol," came the routine response from the audience.
Zeus walked around the circumference of the marble platform, looking at the crowd.  "The Lords of Kobol are with you.  Always."  He walked a little more.  "Never forget that."  He stooped and pointed to the shining statue of Poseidon.  "When you swim in the sea or fish for your meal, my brother is with you."  He walked further and motioned toward the statue wielding a large hammer.  "When you use the Stream or some other form of technology, thank my friend, Hephaestus."  He turned and pointed to the statue of a woman holding a bird on her finger.  "When you get married, Hera blesses you."
Walter sighed quietly and began to look around.  He had heard this before.  Zeus did the same basic thing about three months ago.  He studied the amphitheater as best he could from his place and he then looked to the statues, trying to guess who each one represented.
"The gods are with you, always."  Zeus stood and inhaled deeply, closing his eyes.  "There are, however, deniers of this truth."
That got Walter's attention.
Despite a low murmur in the millions-strong crowd, Zeus continued, "For nearly six thousand years, the Lords of Kobol have lived among humans and sought to better society.  And even though I stand right here before you all, there are some who deny me." 
A few people in the audience began to shout, "No, Lord Zeus!"
"They do," he said, pacing again.  "There are people who do not believe that I and my fellow Olympians are divine."
"No!" came another shout.
"They are wrong.  They must be corrected."  The audience agreed and applauded lightly.  "If you know someone who doesn't believe in the Lords of Kobol, try to show them the error of their ways.  Enlist your local priests, if you must."
Walter looked slowly over at Larry.  He was standing straight as a rail, his eyes locked wide open on Zeus.  He didn't move a muscle.
"Not only do these people bring dishonor to their families, but they disappoint the gods."
Walter looked over at Larry again.  Now his head was hanging low.  For the first time in two years, he had confirmation of what his brother believed.  Walter nodded, looking back toward Zeus and wondering how he could use that to his advantage.
X
HERMES
35 Years Before the Final Exodus

It had been a very relaxing year in the Thracian Islands.
Hermes stood and stretched after a long day of swimming and lying in the sun.  The island of Skyros was a favored destination spot for the people of Kobol who could afford it.
The sun was about to set, but Hermes had seen it so many times before, he decided not to stick around.  Instead, he walked over the sand and into the resort station above the beach.  As usual, the staff bowed before him and Hermes walked to the service desk with a smile.
"Good evening," he said.
"Good evening, my Lord," the woman behind the counter said, grinning wildly.
"I was hoping I could go ahead to the dining area."
"Of course," she began as she walked from behind the counter.  "Right this way."
Hermes knew where the dining area was but he tolerated the assistance.  She led him to a roofless patio where several tables were arrayed around a fire featuring some sort of beast roasting on a spit.  "Thank you."
"Yes, my Lord."  She bowed and went back inside.
He was several minutes early so he leaned back in his chair and sipped his water.  A waiter approached, bowing when he was about ten meters away, and then again when he was two meters away.  "Lord Hermes.  What is your pleasure this evening?"
"I'd like some white wine," and then he pointed to the fire, "and some of that when it's ready."
"Yes, my Lord."  The waiter backed away, still bowing, and then he darted into a service area.
Hermes sipped his water again and thought to himself about his adventures.  Well, he hadn't had any for a while.  He put himself to sleep after his space explorations and reawoke several centuries later … a few centuries ago.  He traveled the world again, sampling a little bit of everything, but he was surprised at how little things had truly changed.  There were new buildings, new people, new diversions, but other than that, not much.  He had recently been distracted by Zeus' nanotechnology and computer scheme.  That ate up a few years of his attention.
Maybe he could go under again.
A few other guests at the resort trickled into the seating area, bowing toward Hermes before taking their places at the tables.  The waiter returned with the wine and a chef tended to the roasting animal.  Hermes ate a few vegetables as he waited for the chef to carve the meat.  Hermes got first choice, of course.
He was nearly halfway finished when he began to notice that people around him were staring more.  Talking about him more.  He got an almost uncomfortable feeling that he was being watched.  He continued to eat and he saw a woman at a nearby table looking at him intently.  Hermes caught her eye and he lifted a glass in a silent toast to her.  She seemed shaken from her reverie and she scrambled to lift her glass, too.
After taking a sip, Hermes waved for her to come over.  She seemed startled and exhilarated at the same time.  She stood and walked to Hermes' table, occasionally glancing back at her friends and the other diners, as if to say, Is this really happening?
"Please, sit," Hermes said.
"Thank you, Lord Hermes.  Thank you."
Hermes wiped his mouth with the cloth napkin and tossed it back into his lap.  "What's your name?"
She laughed nervously and spoke softly, "Marla Tratus, Lord."
"Marla, I have some questions for you," Hermes said.  He cleared his throat and leaned closer, "Why are you and everyone else staring at me so much more attentively these days?"
Her eyes widened, sensing a rebuke.  "Lord, I certainly mean no offense …"
"None taken, at all."
"I … I just …"  She became flustered and Hermes smiled.  He laid a hand on hers and he nodded for her to continue.  She smiled again and spoke, "Lord Zeus has been talking about the other Lords of Kobol in his temple services more often lately."
Hermes allowed a wry grin to warp his mouth.  "Has he now?"
"Yes."  She adjusted her seating position and licked her lips before she continued, "For months, he's been telling us stories about the Lords and who you are, what you do, how you help."
"Uh-huh."
"And last week, he talked about you."
Hermes smiled, "Did he?"
"Yes."
"And what did the old man say?"
Marla seemed unfazed by Hermes whimsy.  "He talked about how you helped foster business, that you created the lyre, that you've helped usher in the modern communications age, the gift of flight that you and Hephaestus gave us …"
Hermes nodded.  "All true."  Except for the lyre part.  He merely reinvented that for this second round of humanity.  "Don't forget sports.  I like to help out Apollo with his Olympics."
She smiled, "Of course, Lord.  And he told us the story of how you saved Dionysus' life from Hera when she was angered …"
She lost him there.  Once, millennia ago when this world was still Larsa, Dionysus got drunk and offended Hera.  She went after him with a bottle and Hermes stepped in.  That couldn't be what Zeus was talking about, could it?
"And this is why people are watching me more lately?"
Marla's expression grew sheepish.  "Well, my Lord, if I may be honest …"
"Please."
"It's almost like we were taking you for granted before Zeus returned.  Not just you, but all of the gods.  I used to hear blasphemy all of the time and I thought nothing of it.  'Godsdamn' this or that.  But not anymore."
Hermes nodded slowly.  "I see.  So Zeus' temple has reignited the fire of faith in the people, eh?"
Marla smiled.  "It has for me, Lord."
Hermes stood up, holding his glass of wine high.  "Attention, please."  Immediately, every eye turned to him.  "I, Hermes, hereby bless all of you and your travels, and I thank you for your … well, thanks."
The people applauded and returned the toast with their glasses.  A happy murmuring swept across the patio and Hermes sat down again.  He sipped his own wine and looked at the adoring expression on Marla's face.  Perhaps he wouldn't put himself under again.  Maybe he would take up the mantle of a god once more.  It had been a while since he was properly worshipped.
XI
ZEUS
34 Years Before the Final Exodus

Carmen Erastos was sitting in her usual chair before Zeus.  The Lord was scribbling notes with his finger on a sheet of compaper as she spoke.
"This is the fifth group we've routed in the last year.  It seems like another pops up just as we finish eradicating one."
Zeus nodded and placed the compaper on his desk.  He leaned back and stretched his arms.  "My rhetoric in the temple must be working some, right?"
"Of course it has, Lord," Carmen said.  "But it is, in its own way, galvanizing the monotheists, too."
He nodded.  "To be expected.  Maintain your efforts and observations and keep me up to date on the crackdowns."
Carmen stood and saluted.  "Yes, my Lord."  She turned and left the room.
Zeus inhaled deeply and picked up his compaper.  Notes for his next temple service.  He was going to try something new this time.  He wanted to do something for the people's benefit instead of just his own.
"Hello, Zeus."
He looked up and saw Hades sitting across from his desk.
Zeus' mouth hung open for several seconds.  He blinked quickly and closed his mouth.  He turned his head to one side and said, quietly, "You're not Hades."
Hades smiled.  "You're quick."
"Whatever you are, you can go."  He went back to writing.
"I will, in time, brother."
Zeus stopped writing.  "You're not my brother.  Now go."
"Patience, Zeus."  Hades leaned forward and rested his elbows on the desk.  "You look busy."  He said that with a smile and not a little sarcasm.
"I am."  Zeus tried to begin writing again but he was too distracted.  "What do you want?"
"Oh, the same thing we've wanted before."  Hades tapped his fingers on the desk.  "We want you to renounce your godhood and let the people live their own lives."
Zeus sat stoically.  He didn't smile.  He didn't even blink.  "Right."
"You're a stubborn one, that's for sure, Zeus."
"One visit is supposed to change my mind?"
"No," Hades said.  "But this isn't your first."  Zeus looked up again.  "That's right.  You spoke to my colleague, Leto, a few times several millennia ago."
Zeus' eyes glazed over as he thought.  "Leto … I remember something now."
"Right."
"During the war with Prometheus."
Hades slapped the table and stood.  "That's right, brother.  And you didn't listen then, either.  Millions died, too."
Zeus inhaled deeply, casting a dismissive glance at the image of his long-dead sibling.  "I'm supposed to follow the whims of my hallucinations, eh?"
Hades stepped around the desk and grabbed Zeus' chin, lifting it so he could look into his eyes.  "I'm not a hallucination."
"Perhaps," Zeus said, knocking Hades' hand away.  "Still, I'm not going to alter my policy based on a haunting."
Hades laughed and tried to pick up Zeus' hand.  "Stand up, Zeus."
He pulled his hand away.  "No."
"C'mon.  Stand up and do this thing and then I'll leave you alone."
"Do what?"
Hades smirked.  "Just stand up."
Zeus looked down at his compaper and he exhaled loudly.  Finally, he tossed it onto the desk and he stood, pushing the chair away with the backs of his knees.  "I'm standing.  Now what?"
"Now," Hades said, "look around."
Zeus stared at him, disbelieving.  They were in his office atop the Forum.  What was to see?  After a moment and a firm gesture from Hades, Zeus finally turned.  When he did, the world as he knew it fell away.
The sky was dark and gray.  The distant mountains were black and ringed with smoke.  The fields around him were brown and layered with dust.  Tiny flakes of ash drifted and floated about like snow.  He faced back toward Hades and he saw the smoldering ruins of the city over his shoulder.
"Where are we?" Zeus said, his eyes still darting around.
"Kobol.  In just a few decades."
Zeus scoffed.  "I don't believe you."
"Of course not."  Hades turned and walked into the city.  Zeus waited a moment and then he followed.  He stopped by a small pile of rubble and he pulled back a sheet of metal.  A charred corpse lay underneath, clutching another skeleton.  "When you waged war on Prometheus and didn't listen to Leto, millions died.  If you don't heed my words now, billions will die."
Zeus lifted his head and looked down at the bodies before turning to look across the city again.  He inhaled through his nose and winced at the burning smells he discovered.  "This is impressive.  Are you somehow controlling my Streamchip?"
"This isn't a hack-job, Zeus," Hades said.  "I'm giving you a vision of the future."
Zeus shook his head quickly and turned back to the image of his brother.  "Fine.  Let's pretend, for a moment, that I believe you.  How do I avoid this?"
"Renounce your godhood and stop persecuting the monotheists."
Zeus smiled.  "Is that all?"  Hades nodded.  "Because renouncing my godhood would unhinge society."
"Perhaps," Hades said.  He waved toward the ruins, "But not like this."
Zeus shook his head again and put his hands on his hips.  "So, if I change my ways, this won't happen."
"Correct."
"Very well.  We won't openly attack monotheists any longer."
Hades was the one shaking his head now.  "No.  That's not enough."
"Open tolerance?  You want that?"
"You don't frakking get it, do you?" Hades yelled.  "They are not the problem.  You are!"
Zeus ground his teeth.  "My words will be obeyed.  Whatever leads to this, I can fix it."
"No, you can't!"  Hades walked away and kicked a piece of burnt wood down the street.  "Your ego, man … You've never been able to fathom your limits."
"I can make Kobol better."
"No."
"You'll see."
Hades crossed his arms over his chest.  "This is pointless.  You're as stubborn as ever."
Zeus turned his head as he was about to say something and he saw that he was back in his office.  He slowly sat down in his chair and crossed his legs.  "Nearly six thousand years ago, I brought humanity out of the ashes and molded them into a society that has flourished and endured.  I can stave off that destruction."
"You can't," Hades said, almost resigned to the futility of it all.
"And if the destruction comes, I'll bring them out of the ashes again."
Hades laughed.  "You'll never get it, will you?"  Zeus spun in his chair, picked up his compaper and prepared to write again.  "Maybe once it all goes down the drain, you'll understand."
As much to piss off this apparition of his brother as anything else, Zeus smiled and said, without lifting his eyes from his writing, "Doubtful."
XII
MITHRAS
34 Years Before the Final Exodus

Walter wanted to plug his ears, but he couldn't.  Not really.
For the last ten minutes, his mother and father had been yelling at him.  She found out that he had been frequenting some sex parlors on the Stream and then his dad brought out the Zeus talk.
Walter was thirteen now.  And it wasn't even real sex.  What was the big deal?
"Son," his father said, "Lord Zeus has spoken against the debasement of our bodies and minds with sexual activity that is outside of the bonds of a gods-sanctioned marriage.  You don't seem to understand how important it is to follow the example of the gods."
Walter turned his head toward his father and smiled.  "'The example of the gods?'  Dad, please tell me you've read a book or two.  Zeus himself has had sex with thousands of people; gods, too."
"Those are dirty lies, Walter," his mother said.
"What about Heracles?  Zeus claimed he was his son thousands of years ago."
"Those are just stories, Walter!" his father yelled.  "All that matters is what's in the Sacred Scrolls and what Zeus himself tells us."
Walter sighed and looked down at his feet again.  Just as his mother began to kneel in front of him to see his eyes, Larry came inside.  "I'm home."
"Good," his father said.  "Lawrence, come here."  Larry looked nervously from Walter to his parents and back again.  "We've caught your brother engaging in filthy acts on the Stream."
Larry nodded.  "Oh."
"What about you?" Walter said, angrily.  "You guys used to have sex on the Stream all of the time!"
His father grabbed Walter's shirt, "'Used to,' Walter, 'used to!'  We've kept Zeus' commandments once he gives them.  You know we read the Sacred Scrolls now."
Walter pulled his shirt away and tried to look at the floor.  His mother grabbed his face to, again, try to make eye contact.  "Baby, please understand, we love you!"
Rage was welling inside of him now.  His parents were simply smothering him with all of this.  It seemed as though they had been yelling at him for hours and now they wouldn't stop touching him.  He didn't like being touched.
"Lawrence," his father said, "tell your brother how you stay away from those sex places on the Stream."
Walter jerked away from his mother and almost spat as he said, "Oh, please.  Larry doesn't even believe …"  He stopped himself.  Larry's face fell and his skin went white. 
"What?"  Their father turned and began to look between the two of them.  "'Doesn't believe' what?"
Larry started to back away.  Walter stood and began to shout, "Nothing!  I didn't … It doesn't mean anything."
Their father backed Larry against the wall.  Finally, he turned his absent gaze from Walter to his dad.  "I don't know what he means."
The scowl on their father's face was frightening.  He studied Larry up and down.  "I think you're lying.  What don't you believe?"
"I'm not lying," he said.
Smack.
Lawrence fell onto the wall, knocking a picture loose.  Walter sat back down and covered his mouth with his hands.  Their mother just sat on the floor.
"You're lying!"  He grabbed Larry's shirt and began to lift him up.  "Say it.  Tell me what you believe."
"I … I believe in the Lords of Kobol."  He stammered and he looked to his mother for help.  She offered none.
"Lies!"  He smacked him again and Larry fell to the floor.  Their mother let out a restrained shriek and she lowered her head onto the carpet.  "You're a … monotheist, aren't you?"
"No."
"An atheist then?"  He paused and got no response.  "Either way, you're one of those bastards Lord Zeus warned us about!"  He knelt down over Larry, who was trying with all of his might to pull away.
"No!  I believe in Lord Zeus!"
His father smacked him again across the mouth.  Lawrence kept his face flat on the carpet.  Finally, he raised his head and blood trickled from his lips and along his jaw line.  "Lies," the man hissed.
Whatever fear Lawrence had seemed to vanish at that moment.  A single tear left his eye and he looked at his attacker directly, "I believe in the one, true god and not the false idols that you worship."
As though stricken, their father stood up from Lawrence's splayed body.  He ran his hands into his hair and grabbed large sections of it.  Their mother wailed out loud and then looked to the ceiling, crying and mouthing something inaudibly.
"I can't believe it," his father said.  He paced around the room and bumped into furniture.  He walked up to the hallway and pounded a fist on the wall.  He swept his arm across a table, knocking a lamp and pictures to the floor.  As tears rolled over his cheeks, he leaned over his oldest son and asked, plaintively, "Please, Lawrence.  Take back what you've said.  Renounce this."
He looked at his mother.  She was still praying to the ceiling.  Walter sat, stone-still, on the couch.  Finally, Larry looked at his father.  "No," he said.
The older man pulled back his arm and balled his fist as though he was about to punch, but he held it back.  Biting his lip, his eyes became watery and he finally mumbled, "You are bringing dishonor … on our family."  He grabbed Lawrence's shoulders and pinned him on the floor.  "You have disappointed Lord Zeus."
Larry's breathing quickened and he managed a defiant smirk.  "I don't care."
Without letting his son go, their father looked to the ceiling and inhaled through his nose, a slight whistle escaping as he did.  He held his breath and closed his eyes.  After a few moments, he lowered his head and exhaled slowly through pursed lips.  He finally opened his eyes and he said only, "I'm sorry."
He quickly moved his hands off Larry's shoulders and wrapped his fingers around his throat.  Immediately, the teen sensed what was happening and he began to kick and flail.  He grabbed for his father's hands to no avail.  Sitting on Larry's abdomen, his father kept squeezing and bearing down on the boy's neck.
After a few moments, their mother overcame her shock and she leapt from the floor onto her husband's side.  "What are you doing?!  Stop!"  He pulled one hand from his son's throat and slapped her aside.  She fell onto a table, knocking it over.  
Walter slid off the couch and crawled over toward them.  "Daddy," he said, "please stop."
He didn't respond with either words or actions.
Tears streamed down Walter's face and he grabbed his father's forearm and tried to pull it away.  Like his mother before him, Walter was smacked aside.  He sat up and saw Larry looking right at him.  His eyes were wide open and wet with tears.  His mouth was still bloodied and growing slack.  Walter felt a pain in the center of his chest, as though a rock was lodged among his organs.  He grabbed at his shirt and tugged hard, looking into his brother's eyes.  He heard a single wisp of air pass over Larry's lips and Walter said, "I'm sorry."
A few moments later, their father stood up.  He was holding his hands in the same choking position.  He didn't look around the room.  He didn't say anything.  He walked around his eldest son's body and went out the front door.
Walter stayed in his prone position where he had been knocked earlier.  He looked into Lawrence's lifeless eyes, hoping his brother had heard him.  Their mother was sobbing and she crawled over to the boy, draping herself over his chest.
Walter found that he couldn't move.  The stone he felt in his chest seemed to have spread throughout his entire body.  When their mother turned Larry's head aside, his death-gaze on Walter was broken and the younger teen finally felt like he could stir.  He slowly stood up and trudged down the hall toward his room.  
He stood in the doorway and simply looked at the floor.  He counted his deep breaths.  One.  Two.  Three.  He lifted his head and walked inside.  Walter pulled his large duffel bag out of the closet and he threw as many clothes as he could inside.  He added a couple of his favorite books, a small metal tin holding about sixty stater, and a camping kit from last summer's trip to Artemis' Grove.  He zipped the bag closed and walked out into the hallway again.
He was ready to leave the house.  Truly, he was.  He hated this place.  It was one of those assigned government housing apartments that most people lived in and he just hated them.  He looked to his right and saw the door to his brother's room.  He walked to the entrance and stood, scanning everything in sight.  He wanted to take something to remember him by, but nothing seemed to leap out at him.  Then, he remembered.
Walter put down his bag and he walked to the desk.  He lifted books and pulled out several sheets of compaper, activating each one.  The first few were for schoolwork.  The fifth was not.  He then began to look under the bookshelf, under the bed, under the mattress, in the closet … Finally, he pulled back a poster for a Cylon gladiator and he saw the companion compaper behind it.  He pulled it out and placed it next to the other one on the desk.  When they communicated with each other and the words began to appear, he knew he had found it again.
He unzipped his bag, slid the compapers inside, zipped it back up, and threw it onto his shoulder.  He walked back into the living room where his mother was still crying and cradling her son and now Rick, their maintenance Cylon, was trying to vacuum around the body.
Walter swallowed hard, walked to the closet, pulled out his coat, and left.  He never went back.
XIII
APOLLO
31 Years Before the Final Exodus

The orchestra played on and on.  Their music was perfect and soothing yet despite this, Apollo did not want to fall asleep.
He pulled Athena closer to him on the couch and she smiled, laying her head on his shoulder.  The conductor flourished and the string section responded.  The conductor swayed and the horns swooned.  Finally, the conductor thrashed and the orchestra thrashed, too.  The man turned and bowed.  Instinctively, Apollo nodded and Athena laughed.
"What?" Apollo said.
Athena didn't respond.  Instead, she reached for the remote control on the table and pressed a button.  The environs of the Opera House vanished and their own living room remained.  "You know," she said, "it would be a lot easier if we just used Streamsets or Chips."
Apollo shook his head, "Nah.  I like this."
"It's so old," she said, exaggerating the "old" part and wrapping her arms around his neck.  
He kissed her cheek and hugged her tightly.  "Sometimes the older things are best."
Athena lifted her head and brought her legs even with Apollo's lap.  She pushed herself up, raising her head above his.  She smiled and kissed him slowly, softly.  He responded by running his hands up her back and pulling her shoulders toward him.
After they made love in the living room, Athena picked up her clothes and went toward the bedroom.  Apollo simply lay still on the couch, his arms crossed over his chest and a big smile on his face.  He thought he would just fall asleep there.  The lights were low, he was warm and comfortable, and he was suitably exhausted.  He was drifting off to sleep.
"What are you doing?!"
The scream forced his eyes wide open and he nearly jumped off the couch as he sat up.  Leto was standing beside him, her hands on her hips.
"What are you doing?!" she yelled again.  Her face was contorted and her eyes bulged and were red.
Apollo looked down the hallway and saw that the lights were off in the bedroom.  He threw his feet over the side of the couch and slid into the loose pants he was wearing earlier.  He stood up and walked toward the kitchen, waving for Leto to follow.
"Answer me!"
"I will!" he yelled back in a loud whisper.  "Follow me."
He walked down the other hall and into the study, where Leto was already seated behind the desk, spinning slowly in the chair.  "Now can you talk, son?"
Apollo sighed and closed the door.  The moonlight came in from the window and silhouetted his mother.  He didn't turn any other lights on and he sat down in the chair by the door.  "What do you want?"
"An answer to my question."
Apollo crossed his legs.  "Living my life, mother."
She shook her head, "There's no time for that."
Apollo scoffed.  "Why not?  I've done everything you've asked so far."
"No, you haven't.  Where's your army?"
Apollo looked over at the bookcase and tried to avoid rolling his eyes.  "I didn't think you were serious about me needing an army."
Leto stopped spinning and she leaned over the desk.  "When have I joked with you about these things?"  He hesitated.  "In two millennia, when have I ever made light of what we have to do?"
Apollo thought for a moment.  "Never."
"Exactly."  She sat back in the chair and put her feet up on the desk.  "You need an army."
"Do you really believe that the Kobollian Armed Forces will rise up with me against Zeus?"
Leto shrugged, "You won't know until you ask."  She paused for a moment and then spoke again, "What about the ships?"
"If I get the army, why would I need the ships?"
She slapped the desk.  "Because I said so."
Apollo nodded and crossed his arms.  "I've already visited all of the contractors we're going to need.  They will do the job when I give them the word."
"And why haven't you already told them to start?"
Apollo was growing frustrated.  He dropped his arms and grabbed the sides of his chair.  "Because there doesn't seem to be a need for haste right now."
Before he could blink, Leto was in standing in front of him and she had grabbed his face, forcing him to look in her eyes.  "The need is here.  Give the word."  She pushed his face away as she released him.  "Get to work."
Apollo angrily stood and glared at his mother.  "I promised Athena …"
"I don't care what you promised," she said.  "You have a job to do and you better frakking do it."
Apollo pulled his head back and looked down at her.  "And if I refuse?"
Leto regarded him for a moment and then reached inside his chest.  Apollo felt a sharp pain lurch from his abdomen and into his throat.  He grabbed at her arm but couldn't touch her.  She released him and he collapsed back into the chair.  "I'm not going to threaten you with pain."  Apollo's heavy breathing continued as she spoke.  "But I could show you the bombs falling again.  Hmm?  Would you like to see millions of people being vaporized, burned, crushed …"
"No."
"… dying of radiation poisoning?  Your precious temples ablaze?  Dust clouds rising into the sky and blotting out the sun?"
"No," he said again.
"Humanity clawing at your feet, crying, 'Why, Lord, why?'"
"No, I said!"  
Leto stepped back, smiling.  Apollo stood again and he glanced around the room as though looking for a way out.
"You understand now, right?  The fate of mankind rests with you, son."
Apollo's head hung low and he didn't respond.
"I know you love her and you made a promise, but there is simply too much to do."  She raised her hand and caressed his right arm.  "You are humanity's best hope."
XIV
ZEUS
26 Years Before the Final Exodus

Once the airship landed, Lord Zeus left it quickly, darting across the lot toward the stadium.  Thousands of people lined the field and cheered when they saw him.  Zeus smiled and waved back.
He walked through the stone corridor and emerged in the center of the arena, at the midpoint of the stands on the eastern side.  Immediately, a cheer began in the section nearest him and spread throughout the stadium.  His visage appeared on the large viewing monitors ringing the field and Zeus smiled, rotating and waving to the entire crowd.
"Lord Zeus has just arrived to enjoy the three-hundred ninety-third Olympic Games," the announcer said through the speakers.
"An unexpected pleasure," the other announcer said.
Zeus continued to wave while looking for his seating area.  He looked into the stands above and behind him, and he saw the large box reserved for the gods.  He walked around to the steps and quickly rose high above the field.  The people were still applauding and when he reached the extended platform, he saw Apollo, Athena, and Hermes standing and applauding as well.
"Greetings, all," he said as he sidestepped his way into the area.  "A tad small?"
Apollo nodded and slid his chair over some, "I don't think they expected four Lords to appear together."
Zeus plopped down and sighed, surveying the arena.  "Lovely.  Just lovely."  He turned and shook Hermes' hand, "Long time, my friend."
Hermes smiled, "It has been."
"How are things in the business world?"
Hermes shrugged, "Booming, I guess you could say."  He straightened his pants leg and smiled as he spoke, "I'm still helping out the tech companies on Stream gadgets, servers, you name it.  And the back end deals, whoa.  Don't get me started."
"There he is," Apollo said with some sarcasm.
"What can I say," Hermes chuckled, "I'm good with money."  He turned to Zeus again, "And I have to thank you, too."
Zeus glanced around, "What for?"
Hermes said, "All of your talk about the exploits of the gods has won me a new following."
"Won everyone a new following, I would say," Apollo interjected.
Zeus shook his head dismissively, "Just trying to reinvigorate interest in the Olympians.  Some well-told stories with an embellishment here or there …"  A stadium attendant bowed at the entrance to the gods' platform.  "Some water, please."  He bowed again and retreated.  "You know, just trying to make us all look good.  Give the people an example to follow.  Heroes to believe in."
Hermes nodded and sat back in his chair.  "Well, I had forgotten what it was like to be revered."
Zeus smiled and he leaned over to look past Apollo, "Hello, Athena.  How are you?"
She leaned forward, too.  "Well.  And yourself?"
"I cannot complain.  Not at all."  He looked at the field again and tilted his head toward Apollo, "What have I missed?"
"A few of the races and the javelin throws.  The pentathalon is up next."
Zeus nodded and looked onto the field.  A few dozen athletes were stretching in the grass along the edges of the arena.  Cylons were carrying equipment onto the field and arranging them.  Zeus glanced over toward Apollo again and smiled.  "This all seems a tad familiar."
Without turning away, Apollo said, "How's that?"
"I seem to remember a festival or something in Delphi," he spoke more softly and he turned to take the water bottle from the attendant who came by earlier.  As he opened the cap, he continued, "The two of us sitting in a special box like this one, watching races and gladiators and such."
Apollo grinned and nodded.  "You're right.  That was a while ago."
"Twenty-some odd centuries, I think."  Zeus took a big gulp of the water and replaced the cap.  "What was it you asked me about?  Stagnation?"
"Yes."  Apollo glanced at his father and then to the field as the competitors moved toward the wrestling circles.  "You didn't feel it then, but you felt it later."
"Oh, I did."  There was a pop from an official's gun and the contestants all began to grapple with each other.  The men and women were nearly naked and well oiled, apparently.  "Even worse was the idleness I sensed in Kobol when I returned from the wild."
"I agree."  Apollo turned away from the wrestling, "What was that about, by the way?  Your centuries in 'the wild,' as you put it?"
Zeus looked down at his feet and then back up again, "I wasn't well.  I needed time away.  To myself."  A few of the contestants had been pinned and the victors moved on to the starting position in the foot race.  "I think you can agree that I've done something about that stale feeling in recent years."
Apollo nodded slowly.  "I was … unsure at first.  But you have energized the people.  The attendance for these games so far is better than the past three combined."
Zeus smiled, "Well, I did give you a plug in the last temple service."
Apollo sighed quietly and he watched the official fire his gun again, starting the foot race.  "So … do you have an endgame yet?"
Zeus looked away from the race and studied the features of Apollo's aging face.  He thought for a moment that perhaps Apollo was about to leave Kobol permanently, and then he remembered that Apollo often waited fairly long for a resurrection.  "'Endgame.'  That's another of your favorite words."
Apollo smirked.  "Wasn't mine, originally.  It was Artemis'."
"Really?"
Apollo nodded.  "Yes.  She occasionally asked me what you were up to.  What the 'endgame' was for your great experiment."
Zeus smiled for a moment and then he grew solemn.  The racers crossed the finish line and the crowd cheered.  The contestants moved toward the sand pit for the long jump.  "Why did your sister leave?"
Apollo turned to face his father slowly.  His eyes drifted away as he thought.  "She felt directionless.  The people no longer needed her as much as they did before …"
"She wasn't much for the worship to begin with," Zeus said.
"True, but she liked being needed.  Wanted.  Loved."  Apollo's voice trailed and he turned to watch the men and women jump into the sand pit.  The crowds cheered and he continued, "She felt … like she didn't have a purpose.  Like she wasn't a part of your experiment.  And without a goal or purpose, there was little point, in her mind, to continue."
Zeus' chest pounded and his face scowled.  'Directionless' was a word he and Poseidon often used to describe Hades, mostly in jest.  Almost unconsciously, he reached over and grabbed Apollo's arm.  "You do know that I've always wanted yours and everyone else's involvement, right?"
Apollo looked down at the hand but he did nothing else to acknowledge it.  "I know."
Zeus slowly released his grip and faced the arena again.  This time, the contestants were lining up for the javelin throw.  "I have an endgame.  For certain, now."
Apollo stiffened and he spoke clearly and calmly, "And what is it?"
The crowd and announcers cheered the breaking of an Olympic record in throwing the spears, but Zeus ignored the noise, speaking in regular conversational tones.  "I intend to save mankind from itself."
Apollo's eyebrows lifted and he turned slowly.  "What do you mean?"
Not wanting to divulge too much, Zeus hesitated and chose his words carefully.  "I … had a sense … that on its path of laziness, decadence, technological reliance … I felt like it would lead to Kobol's ruin."
Apollo nodded, glancing down toward the field and then back at his father.  "And?"
"I wanted to energize the people again.  I needed to give them something to rally around or stick to.  Believe in."  Zeus crossed his legs and sipped his water some more.  As he twirled the cap, he continued, "I give them me.  Us.  The Lords of Kobol.  It becomes infused in their lives, they become more active and more interactive."  He tilted his head to one side, "Mankind's gears don't grind to a halt and all is saved."
Whatever interest Apollo seemed to have dissipated.  He looked back to the field and watched the athletes throwing their discus toward lines and markers.  "By rallying the people to you."
"Not just me, all of us."  Zeus applauded as the winners were led to the victor's stand.
"Does this include going easy on the monotheists?"
Zeus' head whipped around and he stared at his son.  "I'm not sure what you mean."  The first, second, and third place athletes were awarded their medals and they saluted the gods sitting in the stand.  All four lords stood and waved back and the arena erupted in cheers and applause.
"I know you've been investigating monotheist groups and, until fairly recently, you were actively trying to disband them."
Zeus waved a hand dismissively.  "That was years ago.  I've stopped trying to force the matter.  I keep an eye on them, but, as long as they stay under the TARIS, I pay them no mind."
Apollo nodded.  "That's rather tolerant of you."
"Yes," Zeus said, waving to the crowds again, "I thought so."
XV
HECATE
21 Years Before the Final Exodus

She awoke in her resurrection pod and slid back the door in disbelief.  She cleared her throat and stood up in the unit, dripping gel into the basin as she thought, What the hell happened?  She hadn't taken good care of her body and it was old … maybe it just gave out.
Whatever.  Hecate climbed out of the pod and crossed the cold floor to the robes hanging on the wall by the monitors.  She wiped herself off and stepped through the ajar hatch and into the corridor.  She took the lift to her old quarters and showered there.  Her long, black hair still wet, she stood in her room, perusing the few articles of clothing she had left behind on Olympus.  She chose a light, dark wrap and began the process of placing it over her chest and winding it down the length of her body.
Hecate left her room and stood in the hallway for a moment, trying to decide if she wanted to leave or just hang around for a bit.  As she paused, she thought she heard muffled voices.  It wasn't the ship's computer.  It was definitely another person.  She walked down the corridor until she came to Apollo's door.  The hatch was closed, but she definitely heard someone talking inside.  She pushed it open and saw Apollo, by himself, clothed only in a damp towel.
"Hello," she said.
Apollo turned, startled, and said, "Hecate.  I didn't know you were here."
She smirked, "I wasn't planning on it, but …"  Apollo nodded and he looked to the side uncomfortably.  Hecate saw this and she walked inside his quarters, stepping around him and trying to examine the room.  She saw nothing out of the ordinary.  She stopped next to him and looked up into his eyes, "Who were you talking to?"
He swallowed and turned his head side to side.  "I was practicing … something I have to say to Athena."
"Athena," Hecate said, nodding.  "Still with her after all these years?"
"Yes," Apollo said.
"I see."  Hecate ran her eyes down Apollo's still wet and broad chest and to the top edge of his bath towel, which was dangling precariously at his hips.  She looked back up into his face and she placed her left hand on his chest, slowly moving it up to his shoulder.  "Have you ever thought about … us?"
Apollo scowled and pulled his head back.  "'Us?'  We're siblings."
"Half-siblings," Hecate corrected.  "But we can do whatever we want."  Her hand now caressed the underside of his jaw and she smiled seductively.  
Apollo grabbed her hand and pushed it aside, stepping back from her.  "I think you should go now."
Hecate sighed and turned back toward the hatch.  "Fine.  I'll see you around, brother."  She stepped into the corridor and Apollo pushed the hatch closed and turned the wheel.  Hecate shook her head.  She became a little angry and decided to lean against the door to listen.  For a moment, she heard nothing.  Then, she heard Apollo speaking.  She never heard the name "Athena," but she did hear "Zeus."  
Maybe I should keep an eye on him after all.
XVI
DIA
20 Years Before the Final Exodus

Brigadier Catherine Dia commanded the First Division of Mars' armed forces, stationed near the City of the Gods at Fort Acheron.  Her job was largely uneventful.  She led the four thousand troops under her command in drills and in combat training with Cylons.  She also flew with her squadron of Eagles on training missions.  It was a simple routine with little variation.  
The young general was at her desk, filling out reports, when her assistant burst into the room.  "Brigadier!  Lord Apollo is here!"
Dia lifted her head quickly as much because of the surprise at the captain's entry as the news he bore.  "Apollo?"
"Yes.  He's coming this way."
Dia stood and straightened her duty shirt.  The light blue blouse was about as far away from their dress uniforms as they had, but there was no way she could change clothes now.  She pulled her jacket off the rack and slid into it, the rank pins and medals clinking against each other as her arms filled the sleeves.
"He's almost here," the captain said from the outer office.
Dia left the room and strutted through the rooms and into the corridor.  She looked both ways and heard a clamor to her right.  She walked to the door and pulled it open, seeing him standing right there.
"Lord Apollo," she sputtered, "it is a distinct honor."
He nodded quickly and glanced nervously at the throng of people that had gathered with his arrival.  "Thank you, brigadier.  May we talk in your office?"
Dia stepped back and motioned down the corridor, "That way, Lord."  He ducked below the door frame and walked past her.  Dia began to close the door.  Several people tried to push their way inside but Dia's face grew stern and she barked, "Return to your duties.  That's an order."  They all snapped to attention and then left.
She trotted down the hall to catch up and she motioned to her left.  Apollo walked inside and nodded to the captain who was standing behind his desk.  He walked straight into the brigadier's office and glanced around the room.  "Far more cozy than I would have imagined.  I pictured something a bit larger."
Dia unbuttoned her jacket though she didn't remove it.  "Generally speaking, Lord, we've always made do with whatever we have."
"Understood."  Apollo sat down in a chair opposite her and pulled a small silver device out of his pocket.  He pressed a button on top and set it on the desk.
"What is that?" she asked. 
"Don't worry about it."  Apollo scratched his chin, his unshaven hair grating against his fingers.  "I've come to ask a few questions, brigadier."
"Of course, Lord," she replied.  "Anything at all."
"I will tell you now: everything we are about to discuss is to remain a secret.  It is between us only and for no one else's ears or reports."
She nodded, "I understand."
Apollo crossed one leg on top of the other and he breathed slowly as he regarded the division commander.  "Brigadier, I find that I must speak in hypotheticals."
"I see."
"Is it safe to assume that the Lords of Kobol still have operational command of your division?"
She grinned.  "Of course, Lord Apollo.  If a god gives us orders, we will follow them."
Apollo nodded and he stroked his jaw, looking down toward the floor as he formed his next statements.  "Here's where it gets weird.  Hypothetically, of course."  Dia nodded.  "Let us say that one of the Olympians goes … mad?  He … Only an armed force could stand against them and stabilize the situation."
The brigadier's head tilted and her brow furrowed as she pondered the concept.  "So, you're saying a Lord who has either gone insane or has simply gone … evil?"
Apollo nodded.  "Yes.  That's the basis for my next questions."
"Very well."  Her head jutted forward a little, with her right ear turned toward Apollo so she could hear better and concentrate more. 
"In that situation, what kind of operational orders do you have?  Would the rogue Olympian be able to command your division?"
Her eyebrows raised and she thought for a moment.  "Assuming that this rogue Lord isn't frothing at the mouth with insanity, yes, I believe they could."
"What if the Lord was giving unusual orders?  Invading cities, firing on civilians, that sort of thing?"
"If a god commands us, we follow," she said.
Apollo nodded and he rubbed the hair on the side of his head.  "And what if an Olympian came to you saying that a particular Lord was, indeed, mad and had to be contained, would you follow his orders as well?"
"The one concerned about the insane god?"
"Yes."
"Yes, Lord Apollo.  We would."
For a moment, he seemed pleased with the answer.  Then, he turned his head toward the window.  He sat still for a moment, as though he was listening or waiting for something.  The faint smile on his face faded and he looked back at Dia.  "Tell me, what is your opinion of Lord Zeus?"
Immediately, she smiled.  "Obviously, I love him as the Lord of Lords."
"Obviously …"
"But even beyond that," she said, "he's done so much for us all in recent years.  I remember as a child feeling like he and the other Lords were too distant … oh, gods, no offense intended, Lord Apollo."
He shook his head, "None taken."
She swallowed nervously and resumed, "When he came back, he reinvigorated my faith and the faith of just about everyone I know."
"I see."
"It's almost like, when he returned, it was like a parent had come back after being away for ages."  Her eyes were glowing and her mouth was drawn into a smile as she spoke.
Apollo nodded again and his smile did not return.  "Very well, brigadier."  He snatched the silver tube from the desktop and put it in his pocket.  Then he stood up and bowed slightly toward her, "Thank you for your time."
She stood as well and her eyes widened.  "Is that all you require, Lord Apollo?"
"Yes, it is."
"I would be happy to show you around the base, assemble a drill review …"
He held up a single hand and shook his head quickly, "No, thank you.  That will not be necessary."  He turned toward the door and as he reached for the handle, he stopped and looked over his shoulder.  "Again, brigadier, I remind you that my visit and this entire conversation is to be considered secret … no, how about you simply forget about the whole thing?"
She seemed confused but she quickly saluted.  "Absolutely, Lord Apollo."
He nodded and left the office.
Dia sat back down and looked at the papers on her desk.  She didn't reach for any of them.  She had no desire to.  Her plans for the day had been disturbed yet she felt as though there would be no way to set things right.  She decided to simply sit still for a few moments and try to process what Apollo had asked.
XVII
ZEUS
14 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was his day.
The City of the Gods had turned out in force.  A few hundred thousand people gathered in the center of the city around Zeus' temple, crowding the space between the Opera House and the Forum.  He sat at the top of the steps and observed the parade of musicians and dancers below him.
The marble throne had velvet cushions and he shifted in his seat often as he scanned across the crowd.  The people were enthused.  It was a far cry from his return to civilization twenty-five years prior when only a thousand or so people showed up.
A huge festival in honor of Lord Zeus.  He smiled at the thought of it.  He basked in the adulation.  Enjoying it, though he was, he also saw this attention as a sign that his efforts were paying off.  The people cared again about the gods.  They cared about more than just themselves.  It took hard work and concentration but he sensed that it was working.
Citizens were interacting with each other and many were contributing to society again.  Stream abuse was beginning to decline for the first time in centuries.  Population numbers were going up again, thanks largely to his telling the people to "be fruitful and multiply" in the temple services.  Sure, he borrowed that one from the old predominant monotheist faith on Larsa, but it applied.
"Lord Zeus," the chief priest said over the din, "it is nearly time for the sacrifice."
He nodded and stood.  The people began to cheer and he smiled again.  After straightening his jacket and tie, he walked down three steps and approached the podium that had been set up.  He adjusted the microphone and lifted his arms to still the crowd.
"Thank you, all," he said.  "For nearly five-thousand, six hundred years, the Olympians have been among the people of Kobol.  Those first centuries were a struggle, but the society that has grown from those early tribes has far exceeded even my expectations."  The people applauded.  "Thanks to the efforts of the Lords of Kobol and the leaders of your nations, our world is a world of peace and freedom."  They applauded again.  Zeus watched as priests moved a portion of the crowd back, laying tarps in the street and dragging equipment onto the white fabric panels.  
"I won't preach too long.  I have to save something for tomorrow's temple service," he said.  Some people laughed and Zeus continued, "It's time to prepare for the sacrifice and then, of course, the beginning of the meals that we will all enjoy today.  May all of you have blessed days ahead of you and may you all follow the example of the gods.  So say we all."
He stepped back from the podium and the crowd responded in unison, "So say we all."  There was scattered applause, too.  
Two priests led a large but docile bull onto the white tarps where several other priests stood waiting.  Zeus remained on the steps; his hands clasped behind his back.  He smiled at the priest who lifted the large ceremonial blade into the air.
"Great Zeus, Lord of Lords, we beseech you to accept the sacrifice of this fine beast and we pray that you will return its meat to the people to satisfy their hunger."  
Zeus bowed slightly at the waist and the priest turned to the bull.  He rested the blade against its neck and he looked skyward, saying, "So say we all."  The priests responded in kind.
As the priest placed the knife against the bull's throat, a young man darted from the crowd and grabbed his hand.  The priests seemed frozen by the brazen intrusion and the man lifted the blade arm from the beast.  He had a content smile on his face and he slowly took the knife from the priest's hand.  Still stunned, the priests backed away and the man held the blade against the road at an angle.  With a quick stomp, he broke the knife and the metallic twang rippled in the air.  
Zeus watched from the steps and his eyes focused on the man.  He, too, was surprised into inaction.  The crowd, though, was responding.  There were gasps from people nearby and murmurs spread further back into the audience.  
The man held up the ornate knife handle and he tossed it aside.  With a curt nod, he took a step toward Zeus' temple and began to speak, "Forgive the intrusion, but I could not let this animal be sacrificed in the name of a false god."
Zeus inhaled sharply and he moved down one step, "How dare …"
"I could not resist an audience of so many thousands to show that the one, true god has no patience for continued blasphemy."
The chief priest darted away from the bull and halfway up the steps toward Zeus.  "My Lord, what should we do with him?"
The man turned to face the crowd and he raised his hands, "My friends, the one, true god does not require sacrifices.  And yet, he offers you all love."
Zeus stepped down further and he hissed at the priest, "Shut him up."
XVIII
MITHRAS
14 Years Before the Final Exodus

He was thrown roughly onto a long table.  The two police Cylons held his shoulders down while the priests tied cloths and decorative rope between his limbs and the table's legs.  Walter didn't struggle.
The Cylons stood there for a moment, watching Mithras.  Finally, the chief priest came down the stairs and spoke to them.
"Lord Zeus will deal with him personally.  You may leave."
They looked at Walter one last time and then they moved to the steps.
He was now alone in the … basement?  Maybe it was the storage room of Zeus' temple.  Regardless, he was alone.  Mithras flexed his arms and legs against the ties and found he couldn't move.  He didn't try to struggle any longer.  A cloth band was wrapped around his mouth, pressing his beard hairs in uncomfortable directions and causing tiny pinpricks of pain when he breathed.
He lay still, trying to relax and breathe evenly.  The news that Zeus was coming didn't faze him.  He expected that.  He wasn't afraid.  He had been through worse.
Mithras was tied to the table for hours.  Repeatedly, he thought to himself what a good idea it was that he urinated before his big move.  He would have had to wet himself long ago.  He was drowsy and he even managed to nod off a few times before he heard a door open at the top of the stairs.
Two priests came down first; neither of them was the chief priest.  They quickly took up positions on either side of the table.  Walter looked from one to the other and then he looked at the stairs.  Zeus descended slowly and he was severely hunched over to avoid hitting his head.  Once he emerged from the steps, he walked to Mithras' feet and stood there, clasping his hands behind his back again.  He simply stared at Walter.
Mithras tried to betray no emotion.  Not fear, not confidence, not happiness, nothing.  He sensed a creeping fear deep within him, but he knew it was a reaction to Zeus' Chara.  He felt he could suppress that kind of assault.
After nearly a minute of silence, Zeus pointed toward Walter's mouth, "Remove the gag."
One of the priests did just that.  Mithras licked his lips and cleared his throat.  "Thank you," he said before clearing his throat again.
"Walter Mithras," Zeus said calmly.
Mithras nodded.  "That was quick."
"The police took a sample when they brought you down here."
"Ah."
Zeus turned slightly and walked to Walter's left side, never wavering his gaze.  "You seem to have led an interesting life, Mr. Mithras."
Walter grinned, "Indeed I have."
Zeus spoke softly, "You ran away from home the same day that your father and brother were killed in a fiery vehicle crash."
Mithras smiled even more broadly.
Zeus furrowed his brow and pursed his lips as he thought.  Finally, he asked the obvious question, "Why does that make you smile?"
"My father and brother," Mithras said, "were killed in a vehicle crash.  That's what happened, huh?"
Zeus scoffed, "Yes."
It didn't seem possible, but Walter smiled even more broadly.  "I'm smiling, Zeus, because you've just proven that you don't know everything."
Zeus lifted his head and shook it rapidly, "The gods aren't always all knowing."
"Mine is."
Zeus glanced to the priests on his left and right.  He decided to puff out his chest and walk back around to Walter's feet.  "Right.  Well, inform me, Mr. Mithras, as to what transpired with your father and brother."
Now the smile faded from his face.  He sighed slowly and said, "My brother believed in the one, true god.  My father, being an ardent supporter and believer in you … didn't take that news well when he found out."  Zeus stopped walking and he looked at Walter's eyes.  "He strangled my brother to death because he felt that Larry had brought dishonor to our family and that he had disappointed you."
Zeus nodded.  Now, what would the Lord of Lords say?  He couldn't express too much sympathy.  It would be a sign of weakness.  Walter thought he would go for something fairly neutral.
"I see," Zeus said.
Mithras nodded.  "I'm guessing my father staged the crash to … cover up the murder and because he couldn't live with himself."
"And your mother?"
Mithras shook his head.  "I don't know.  Once I left, I didn't look back."
"Ah.  She committed suicide on the one year anniversary of your father's and brother's deaths."
Mithras closed his eyes and said a quick, silent prayer in his head.  "I see," he finally said.
"So," Zeus said as he walked around to Walter's right side, "I'm guessing you discovered your current belief system thanks to your brother's influence."
"A safe guess."
Zeus nodded and looked at him again.  "Since you left home, you've traveled the world?  Finding people of like mind?"
Mithras nodded.  "When I could."
Zeus crossed his arms.  "I don't suppose you'd be willing to tell me some names of your fellow monotheists or where I could find them, would you?"
Walter laughed out loud.  "No, Zeus.  No, I am not."
Zeus stepped forward and slapped his large hand on the man's chest.  "Can I convince you to rethink that answer?"
Mithras coughed a little under the pressure and he inhaled sharply to catch his breath.  "No, sir, you cannot.  But I wouldn't worry …"
Zeus straightened up.  "Why?"
Mithras managed a weak grin, "There's plenty of us to go around."
XIX
ACASTUS
14 Years Before the Final Exodus

"We're about to land, sir."
Acastus slowly opened his eyes and he saw his young assistant, Alexandra Gideon, smiling and looking at him.  "Thanks, Alex."
As he sat up, she removed the blanket from his lap and handed it to a passing steward.  She then pressed a few buttons on her small computer screen.  "Our rental car is ready for us at the airport."
Acastus nodded and yawned.  He looked out the window and he watched the towers of Delphi pass by as their airship quietly glided to a landing.  A few bumps but nothing severe.  A minute or so later, the plane was connected to the airport.  Alexandra pulled Acastus' bag from the overhead bin and handed it to him.  She pulled hers out and dragged it behind her as she left the cabin.  Once in the airport, she sidled up close to Acastus so he could hear her over the noise.  "How many times have you been to Lord Apollo's home?"
"Only twice," he responded.  "It's remarkable in that, at first, you're surprised at how simple it appears.  But then, when you look at the detail and the things he has on display, you realize just how old everything is."
She smiled broadly and suppressed a shudder of excitement.  "I can't wait."
"Don't worry, my dear.  He's been around for more than five thousand years; he'll still be there when we pull up."
Following the computerized directions in the vehicle, Alexandra drove them both outside the city and to Apollo's secluded home in the forest.  After the car came to a stop, Acastus opened the door and placed both feet on the driveway.  He grabbed onto the door and stood up slowly.  Turning, he saw Alexandra's face as she regarded the building.
"You're right.  It just looks like a regular house."  She closed the door quietly and walked around to Acastus' side.  "It doesn't look like a god would live here."
He smiled, knowing that a god didn't live here, but he let it go.  "Come on," he said, "he's waiting for us."
He stepped along the walk and approached the front door.  Alexandra kept a respectful distance, but her face was still beaming from anticipation.  Acastus pressed the doorbell and he waited for the door to open.
"Stephen, my friend," Apollo said, stepping outside just enough to throw an arm around him.  "How have you been, vice president?"
Acastus nodded and smiled, "Very well."  Apollo almost didn't notice Alexandra standing several meters away, but when his attention became diverted, Acastus motioned toward her, telling her to come forward.  "Let me introduce my assistant, Alexandra Gideon.  She's very eager to meet you."
She bowed and walked forward in a single, fluid manner.  "It is an honor, Lord Apollo."
He looked at Acastus and sighed.  Finally, he touched her on the shoulder and said, "The honor is mine, Alexandra.  Please, both of you, come inside."
Apollo stepped away from the door and both Stephen and Alexandra entered.  She lifted her head and looked at the various paintings and sculptures all around the room, "It is so beautiful, Lord Apollo."
"Thank you," he said.  He looked at Acastus and waved him over with a flick of the head.  When he got closer, Apollo whispered, "Why, exactly, is she here?"
Acastus exhaled forcefully and said, "Alex, will you excuse us for a moment?"
"Oh, of course," she said as she sat on Apollo's oversized couch.
Apollo walked down a hallway toward the study, where, twenty-three years before, he altered Acastus' life forever.  The god sat down on a piano bench and Stephen sat in the same leather chair he favored.  "Apollo, I don't know if you've noticed or not, but I'm getting old."
Apollo's head lifted and he scanned him, head to toe.  "How old are you now?"
"Fifty-three," Acastus crossed his legs and the chair's leather creaked.  "I can't do as much running around as I used to.  Now that I'm the vice president and mayor of the City of the Gods, …"
"Wait," Apollo interrupted.  "'Mayor?'"
Acastus seemed surprised that Apollo was surprised.  "Yes.  The Quorum's vice president also has the responsibilities of governing the City."
"Huh."  Apollo looked toward the floor as he thought.  "It used to be the archiereus.  The, um, high priest."
Stephen thought for a moment.  "The Pantheonic priest?"  Apollo nodded.  "There hasn't been one of those in centuries.  Or more."
"Oh."
Acastus inhaled deeply and tried to remember where he left off.  "Anyway.  I just get … tired.  Worn out.  Believe me, I not a fan of this either."
Apollo grinned, "I understand."
"I just hope that whatever the plan is that it comes to fruition fairly soon."
Apollo nodded.  "Very well.  How much can we trust her?"
The vice president smiled and leaned back in his chair, "Pretty well, for two reasons, I think.  First off, she's as devout to the Olympian faith as anyone I've ever met, so I know she will do whatever you order.  Second, she's from Megara."
Apollo's eyebrows raised.  "Now that's a name I haven't heard in a while."
"I thought that would pique your interest."
Apollo looked out of the study's door and into the hallway.  He thought for a moment and then he called, "Alexandra, please come here."
The sound of her shoes clicking on the hardwood echoed through the house and she came breathlessly to the door, "Yes, Lord?"
Apollo stood and walked over toward her.  She was smiling, of course, and he put his hands on her shoulders.  He smiled and asked, "Are you ready to help us?"
"Yes, Lord," she said, "it has been my dream to help the gods."
Apollo nodded and stepped away.  "I will have to ask, Alexandra, that everything you hear and see here and in future meetings between myself and the vice president … all of that is to be kept absolutely secret.  From everyone.  Including other gods."
Her eyes widened but she nodded.  "I understand, Lord."
"Good."  Apollo walked back to the piano bench and sat down.  "Stephen, would you like a drink?"
"Sure," he said.  "If you've still got the good stuff, I'd like some ambrosia, boss."
Apollo pointed behind him to a small bar setup on a table.  "Make that two."
She still seemed shocked by Acastus' verbal informality with Apollo, but she complied and stepped over to the table, clinking the glasses as she poured.
"Feel free to help yourself," Apollo added.
"Apollo," Acastus said, "I keep getting asked if I'm going to make a run for president."  Alex brought over glasses for them as he spoke.  "I tell anyone who asks that I'm content where I am, but I'd like to know if you have other plans for me."
Apollo sipped his drink and shook his head.  "No, I actually need you to stay vice president.  As a president, you'd have too many responsibilities and you'd be too visible.  As VP, you have more authority than before, but not as much visibility or duties.  It's just right for our purposes."
"I understand."  He sipped his drink.
"I'm going to need that authority of yours in a few years.  I can't go into detail now, but …" he drank some more.  "Well, I'll let you know."
"Understood."  Acastus leaned back in the chair and he watched Alexandra as she sat down carefully in a cloth-covered marble chair. 
Apollo smiled, "Do you know how old that chair is, Miss Gideon?"
She stopped drinking her beverage and looked down, "No, Lord, I do not."
"About three thousand years old."
She quickly stood up and Apollo laughed.  "No, please, please.  Sit down.  The upholstery is only a couple of hundred years old.  You can sit on it."
She nodded and sat down even more carefully than before.  
Apollo leaned forward and looked at Acastus, "How much does she know about our work together?"
He shook his head, "Just that I've been doing some special projects for you for the last twenty-odd years.  No specifics really."
Apollo glanced over to her and said, "Miss Gideon, tell me about Megara these days."
She held her drink in her lap and she smiled as she spoke, "It's still beautiful.  Um, about five thousand people."
"That's all?" Apollo asked.  "There were about that many left there two thousand years ago when most of the Thirteenth Tribe left for Earth."
She nodded and looked over at Acastus.  "Well, there are certain … population controls in place."
Apollo waved dismissively at Stephen.  "Don't worry about him.  He knows the secret of the Thirteenth Tribe."
She looked at Acastus with surprise and he nodded.  "Yes.  Transferring consciousness to new bodies and all that."
She seemed utterly gob smacked.  Her mouth hung open and she looked across the floor until she saw Apollo's feet.  She lifted her head quickly and blinked several times.  "Well.  That's interesting."
"I told him," Apollo said.
"Yes, Lord.  Of course."  She took a sip of her ambrosia.
"Tell him about the secrecy rules," Acastus said.
"Before they left, Iole Auroratous and Aurora herself wrote a kind of handbook for dealing with the outside world.  In it, they said that the one other Olympian we could trust implicitly was, well, you, Lord Apollo."
Apollo smiled and he looked at Acastus.  He drained his glass and nodded toward Stephen, "Did you hear what my father did after his temple service last week?"
"Yes," Stephen laughed.  "He turned off the whole damn Stream.  I can't believe it's actually working."
"What's working?" Alex asked.
Acastus turned his head toward her without actually looking at her.  "Apollo and I have often expressed doubts over Zeus' ability to motivate the populace to get off their butts and actually do something for a change."
"You've had … doubts about Lord Zeus?"
Apollo chuckled, "Don't forget, Miss Gideon, I've known my father far longer than anyone else on Kobol."
She nodded, "Of course, Lord Apollo."
"So, Apollo," Acastus began, "what did we have to discuss?"
Apollo straightened up on the bench, setting his empty glass on a table nearby.  "To put it simply, Stephen, it's almost time."  Acastus froze in position and Apollo continued.  "Time to start assembling the … well, you know."  He glanced nervously toward Alexandra.
Quietly, the vice president exhaled and he shook his head.  "Wow.  And when do they launch?"
Apollo clasped his hands; his elbows resting on his knees.  "I'm just waiting for the sign."
XX
ZEUS
13 Years Before the Final Exodus

He walked into his temple, interrupting a wedding.  The couple became overjoyed and begged him to bless them.  Zeus was distracted, but he complied.
He passed a beautiful young acolyte who was barely wearing her altar gown at all.  Zeus suppressed the urges he felt within and he walked to the staircase hidden behind the western columns.  He ducked low and emerged in the dank bottom of the temple's storage room and found Walter Mithras sitting on a stump and sipping some sort of chunky wet gruel.
Zeus turned to his right and looked at the Cylon Olympic guard standing watch.  Softly, he said, "You may go."
The gleaming silver and gold robot bowed for three full seconds and said, "As you command."  It turned and walked into another room.  Zeus had stationed a Cylon down here sometime ago, fearing that Mithras may contaminate any priests or human guards.
Zeus stepped over to the small table he had been using as a stool for so long.  He watched Mithras as he finished eating.  The thin, bearded man placed the bowl precisely in the middle of a brick embedded in the floor.  He then inhaled and exhaled calmly, closed his eyes, and sat cross-legged.
"Mithras," Zeus said.
He didn't respond.  He breathed in and out a few more times and then he opened his eyes.  "Zeus, good to see you again."
"How are you?"
Walter tilted his head to one side.  "About as well as could be expected."
Zeus nodded.  "And your monitoring bracelet?"
Mithras lifted the cuff on his pants leg, exposing the black band with a blinking green light.  "Seems to be working now."
"Good."  Zeus stood up and crossed his arms, walking toward the opposite wall.  "Funny how it stopped working last week."
"Yes," he said, "funny that."
Zeus leaned against the wall and looked down at him.  "Do you have any idea how long you've been down here?  Do you want to know?"
"No and no, I don't believe I would like to know."
"One year, six months, and twenty-one days."
Mithras chuckled, "I'm sure if I had said that I would like to know you wouldn't have told me."
"Perhaps."  Zeus sniffed and shook his head.  "You know, I would really like to let you go from here."
"I doubt it," Mithras said.
"Tell me about your fellow monotheists."
"They are a wonderful people, Zeus," Walter began.  "They have filled their hearts with love and they pour it out daily onto those around them.  They truly follow the example of a god.  A kind, loving god."  Zeus cleared his throat and Mithras studied his expression.  "I can see by the glazing of your eyes that this is not what you wished to discuss."
"Good guess."
"No," Walter chuckled.  "Every time you come down here, you ask how to find my fellow believers.  Surely you must know that I won't relent."
"It doesn't hurt to ask," Zeus said, walking back to the table and sitting on it.  "So where were we last week?"
Mithras smiled and nodded.  "I believe we were about to stumble into a discussion of the afterlife."
"Ah, yes," Zeus said.  He scooted himself further back on the table and rested against the wall with his legs dangling over the front.  "You were about to assail the beliefs of some two-point-five billion people."
"I love how you frame these things," Walter said.  "Yes, the beautiful Elysian Fields …"
Zeus nodded.  "The place where all gods-fearing people go when they die."
"True," Mithras said.  "So … the connection between the place in the afterlife and the place in Sagittarius where the great battle was fought?"
"Yes," Zeus said, his eyes turned toward the ceiling as he thought.  "There was so much death there … people seemed to find comfort in thinking that it created or … facilitated the creation of a place for souls.  That there was a physical Elysian Fields and a spiritual one, too."
"I love how honest we've become with each other, Zeus."
"How so?"
Mithras laughed and waved toward him, "Your choice of words just then all but confirmed that the people, not you or the gods, simply made up your afterlife."
Zeus' gaze shifted to the stairs.  He cursed himself for letting Mithras think he had given any ground. 
"And what of your hell, Zeus?"
"Hell isn't ours, Walter."
His eyebrows raised.  "Really?  Many Kobollians seem to think that bad people go to hell."
Zeus sighed.  "That's a creation of literature, not the faith."  He looked back toward Mithras and began, "Seven hundred years ago, a man named Tycho wrote a play about me and my brother, Hades, placing a wager over the soul of a faithful man.  Now, I wasn't really around then, but some of my priests and priests in Hades' temples objected because the play painted Hades in a negative light.  So, the playwright changed Hades into a new character, Devil.  Hell was his domain."
"And the people just glommed onto that, huh?"
"Apparently, they did."
Mithras nodded.  "Fascinating.  You learn something new every day."  He extended his legs and stretched before reforming the cross-legged position.
"Thank you for bringing that up," Zeus said.  "That will be my message at the next temple service."
"Oh, my pleasure," Walter said.  "Anything I can do to help."
Zeus smiled at the man's sarcasm in spite of himself.  "Right."
"You know, Zeus," Mithras said as he leaned forward, "I'm really curious about something you said a moment ago."
"What's that?"
"You weren't around … seven hundred years ago."  Mithras sat up straight, "Now, everyone knows you just sort of reappeared twenty years ago, but where were you for all those centuries?"
Zeus shook his head, "No.  You don't get to ask questions."
Mithras spoke calmly, soothingly, "Why not?  Is the answer embarrassing?  Does it make you less godly?"
Zeus still shook his head.  "I was here.  On Kobol."  A long pause.
"But …" Walter said.
Zeus sighed.  "I needed some time."
"I understand."  Mithras nodded.  "You are the Lord of Lords.  That is a burden I cannot imagine."
Zeus shook his head.  "No, you cannot."
"The constant petitioning of the people.  Temple services.  Sacrifices.  You simply needed some time away."
Zeus looked at the floor.  He felt tired again.  He felt as though, if he just spoke, the fatigue would be lifted from him.  "Yes."
Mithras smiled and he inhaled deeply.  "Fascinating.  Truly fascinating."
Zeus looked into his eyes, "Why?"
"Because my god doesn't get tired, Zeus.  He is God.  All-powerful."  Zeus made an audible grunt and he pushed himself off the table.  "It tells me that you're much more a man than a god, Zeus."
Zeus paced for a quick moment as Mithras spoke.  When he stopped, Zeus leaned in close, his anger roused, "Do not forget who you are talking to, boy."
The shift in Chara caused a shudder of fear to ripple across Walter's face, but he recovered quickly.  He smiled and laughed again.  Zeus stood and backed up toward the stairs.  Mithras clapped his hands.  "Thank you, so much, for coming to see me today, Zeus.  If I've done nothing else in this life, at least I've seen and heard that."
Zeus didn't look at Mithras again.  He walked up the steps, the back of his hair brushing against the stone.  When he emerged behind a column, he leaned against it and sighed.  He can't go see Mithras when he's so worn out.  And he also can't underestimate him again.
XXI
ATHENA
11 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was a beautiful spring day.  Athena was playing in a park, tossing a ball with several children.  She had often felt as though a child's laughter had a Chara of its own, forcing everyone around them to be happy, too.
The blue and white ball sailed in toward her face, but she quickly caught it, "Whoa!  Good arm, Matthew."
The ten-year-old bowed, "Thank you, Goddess."
She tossed it underhanded to a younger girl on her right.  She caught it and passed it along.  Athena smiled and clapped as she played with them.  She finally turned and saw the crowd of adults and the media who had gathered around.  She ignored them and went back to playing.
Being home, in Athens, brought back many memories.  She was so pleased to see people playing outside, walking, shopping, talking …  Just a few years ago, she would expect to see either no one outside or everyone wearing Streamsets.  Sure, Athena saw a few Streamsets and she was sure some people were using the Chips, but people were outside and interacting again.  Athens felt alive.
It couldn't have happened at a better time.  Just as Zeus was revitalizing the people and the faith of the people, Apollo was growing more distant.  He simply forgot his promise to her.  For a few years, he was great.  He was there.  They were so very much in love.  She was almost ready to broach the subject of a child, but he became distant again.  He was on more trips.  More involved with the Forum.  Mentally, he seemed to have checked out again.  It was three weeks after she moved out of their home in Dodona before he seemed to notice.
"What do you mean you've moved out?" he said over the earpiece.
Athena sighed.  "Just that, Apollo."  She paused, watching the rain outside her Athens' home that day several months ago.  "You didn't even notice until today, did you?"
"No," he mumbled.  "I've been ... busy."
"'Busy,' of course," she said.  "I don't know what you're doing that requires so much constant attention, but if you can't include me or at least explain it to me, then … there's not much else to say."  She waited for a response.  "Well?  Can you explain it to me?"
There was a longer pause.  Finally, he said, "No.  Not yet, anyway."  And that was it.
She played for several more minutes and then she waved to the children, "I'm sorry.  I have to leave now.  Take care!"  She began to jog out of the park.  The children jumped and waved, too.  A few adults tried to keep up, but they fell behind, as usual.  
She turned down a few alleys and emerged in the middle of a busy street.  It was getting near lunch time and many of the open-air cafés were beginning to fill up.  Athena found one she liked and she caught the eye of a waiter.
"Goddess!  Please, come this way!"  He held back other patrons who turned and saw her.  They bowed as she passed.
"I'd like to sit outside, if you have a table," she said.
"Absolutely.  This way."  He guided her to a small table on the far side of the sitting area.  There was an iron fence on her right and she was facing the street.  "Is this suitable, goddess?"
"Yes, thank you."
"What would you like to drink?"
She adjusted her seat so her legs would fit more easily under the table.  "Just water, please."
"Of course, goddess."  The waiter bowed and turned away.  Athena watched the people walk by.  Many waved or shouted greetings.  She smiled and returned the gestures.  
The waiter returned with a glass and a pitcher of water.  He was about to pour when he and Athena heard shouting on the street.  They both looked up and saw three teens beating a servant Cylon with metal pipes.  It collapsed to its knees and dropped the groceries it had been carrying.  The well-off owner of the robot screamed and she ran to its side; beating on a youth with her purse.  He merely grabbed her arm and pushed her down.
The other two teens jammed their pipes into the neck joint of the Cylon.  They quickly counted to three and then they lifted, popping the head loose so that it dangled onto the sidewalk.  As a crowd gathered around them, one reached inside and yanked out a silver box.  All three ran away as the Cylon's owner stood up again and began yelling, "Six thousand stater!"
"What was that about?"  She was standing.  Athena had leapt up and was ready to cross the fence but it seemed to happen so quickly. 
The waiter shook his head.  "Heathen bastards, goddess."  He poured the water.  "They attack servant Cylons, steal the processors out of them and sell them on the black market.  All so they can buy Streamchips or drugs or Zeus knows what."
Athena shook her head, "That's horrible."
"Yes," he said as he started to walk away.  "Waste of a perfectly good Cylon."
XXII
ACASTUS
9 Years Before the Final Exodus

He was nervous.  He couldn't deny it.
Stephen and Alexandra were sitting in the waiting room of his doctor's office.  Dr. Astarte was reviewing some information and she would be calling him in shortly.
"I just got a note from Meteon," Gideon said, holding up her small computer, "They've finished their first ship."
Acastus smiled weakly.  His mind wasn't on that right now.  Still, he nodded.  "Took them long enough.  I'm guessing it will be quicker going from here on out?"
"That's what the foreman told me last week."  She paged through a few screens.  "They'll start computer tests soon."
Stephen lowered his voice, "FTL systems?"
"That too.  They said it would take some time for them to understand what Lord Apollo gave them from Lord Hephaestus' records, but he seemed confident he could figure it out."
Acastus stood and stretched.  It seemed as though he was sitting in that chair for a week.  "How goes the … um, shuffling …"
Alexandra smiled, "Embezzlement?"
Acastus shot her a worried glance.
"I'm kidding, Vice President."  She crossed her legs and pulled her hair away from her face.  "Everything seems to be going fine.  These are legitimate programs to stimulate the economies of depressed areas.  The budget lines needn't be more specific than they already are."
Acastus sat back down and sighed.  He leaned forward and rested his face in his hands.  "I wish she'd go ahead and call me in."
Gideon rubbed his back.  "Don't worry, sir.  I'm sure it will be fine."
He scoffed lightly and lifted his head.  "I wish I was as confident as you."
"This will take your mind off it," she held her computer screen in front of his face.  "The new president wants a meeting with you tomorrow."
Stephen sat up straight and exhaled loudly, shaking his head.  "She probably wants me to hold her hand some more."  Alex laughed and he continued, "It's true!  The whole time Elisabeth was the delegate from Leo, I guided her in just about everything.  Legislation, meetings, getting votes … you name it."
"Are you sure you aren't just angry because you should have been president by now?"
"No," he said.  "Apollo doesn't want me to be president and I'm too old for that now, anyways."  He leaned back against the wall.   "No, I'm pissed because she's an idiot."  Gideon laughed and tried to stifle it by covering her mouth.  "It's true.  You remember that flub of hers last year at the festival for Hermes?"
"Oh, please," Alex said.  "It was the biggest Stream sensation in decades."
"Exactly."
They were silent for a moment and then Alexandra giggled.  Quietly, she muttered, "'Herpes.'"  Acastus smiled, too.
A door to the side opened and a nurse stepped into the room.  "Mr. Vice President," he said, "Dr. Astarte is ready for you."
They both stood up and Alex put her hand on his arm, "Are you sure you don't want me to come in with you?"
He glanced nervously between the nurse and his assistant.  Finally, he said, "No, thank you.  Just wait here."
She nodded once and gave him a quick hug.  Rather awkward, but sincere.  "Good luck."
Acastus smiled again and he stepped toward the door.  His smile faded once he passed through and he followed the nurse around several corners to emerge in a well-furnished office.  He walked toward the desk, but no one was there.  He stood next to one of the chairs before his eyes caught a glimpse of some lab photos on a lighted board.  He was about to walk toward them when another door opened and Dr. Astarte walked in.
"Good evening, Mr. Vice President," she said.  She quickly walked behind her desk and sat down before opening a couple of file folders.  She was in her fifties, Acastus guessed, and she wore glasses with her gray and brown hair pulled up.
"You can just call me Stephen, doctor."  He sat down in one of the chairs.
"Very well, Stephen."  She interlaced her fingers and leaned forward onto the desk.  "You don't strike me as a sugarcoating kind of man."
Acastus shook his head.  "No, doc.  Just … go ahead."  He took a deep breath.  He felt like his scalp was tingling and his face grew hot.
She sighed.  "You have chronic lymphocytic leukemia."  She said nothing else so it could sink in somewhat.
Acastus blinked a few times and he felt his heart beating into his throat.  After several moments, he managed to say, "I see."
"Now, CLL is incurable."  He squirmed in his seat a little as she continued, "But there are many different treatments."
Acastus nodded.  "Like what?  Chemotherapy …"
"That's one," she said.  "There's a possibility of a bone marrow transplant, but your age may be a factor there.  There's radiation therapy.  Stem cell treatment is another possibility, but again, because of your age …"
Stephen nodded.  "I … uh."  He flicked his hands, almost involuntarily as he tried to form his questions.  "How long do I have?"
Dr. Astarte leaned back in her chair a little.  "You could have a decade or more.  Judging by the level of B-cells in your system, the CLL hasn't been working too long."  Acastus nodded again and he looked at the floor.  "Stephen, you don't even have to worry about treatment just yet.  Treating this disease too early could just speed up the end.  Once we start those treatments, whichever one you decide, it will negatively impact the quality of your life."
He looked up, nodding still.  "I see, doctor."
"Now, Stephen," she pulled a sheet from her folder, "I want you to read this one later, once you've had a chance to relax and process this.  It just has some general information on CLL and what we can do."  As he took the sheet, she pulled out another, "This one has all of the contact numbers you'll need.  For me and also for a counselor."
Stephen stood and took that sheet, also.  "Thank you, doctor."
She stood and walked around her desk to hold onto his arm.  Doing so forced him to refocus his attention and he looked in her eyes.  "Stephen, there may not be a cure, but you can fight it and live out the rest of your days mostly as you would have before."  He nodded almost absent-mindedly.  "I've also sent you all of that information through the Stream, too, so if you lose those papers, don't worry."
"Of course."  Stephen turned around slowly and walked to the door.  She said something to him, but he didn't really hear it.  He walked through the alabaster white corridors and got lost in the turns.  He finally came across a nurse.  "Which way to the lobby?"
"Go down there and turn left, sir."
"Thanks."  He slowly followed the directions and turned toward the exit.  Acastus stood before the wooden door that led out, but for some reason, he couldn't go through it.  He turned around and saw a trash can next to a water fountain.  Before he knew what had happened, Stephen was on his knees, vomiting into the can.  He spat repeatedly and slowly stood.  He pressed the button on the water fountain; rinsing his mouth and face in the stream.  Finally, he stood up straight, pulled his shirt taut, and walked through the door.
Alexandra saw him and stood, saying, "Well?"
"I'm ready to leave," he said, softly.
She looked around toward her things and then back to him, "Certainly, but …"  She stopped speaking when she saw that he was near the exit.  She quickly gathered her purse and jacket and walked across the lobby to him.
A few minutes later, they were in Acastus' car.  She was driving, as usual.  Stephen was looking out of the window at the marble buildings around the doctor's office.  She backed out of the parking lot and drove to the street.  Soon they crossed the bridge over the Peneius River, and the avenue expanded.
Acastus straightened up in his seat and sighed.  Alexandra looked over at him and then back at the road.  On the next glance, she asked, "Are you going to tell me?"
Stephen said nothing.  He looked out of his window again and saw Dionysus' large temple to the east.  "Leukemia," he said as Alex turned the vehicle to the left onto the street circling the Opera House.  They curved around Poseidon's temple and approached the Temple of Artemis.  He noted the glint of copper on her statue, thanks to the streetlights nearby.  
"Oh, gods," she said.  "I know it's leukemia, but … is it curable?"
"No," he mumbled.  He looked at the flags and statues surrounding the Opera House.  Banners proclaiming upcoming events.  "She said there are treatments and I could still live for years …"
"Well, that's good."
"The quality of life, though," he stopped.  His throat tightened and he looked back out of the windshield.  Ahead, he saw Zeus' temple.  To his left, Apollo's.  He inhaled sharply as he remembered something.  "Don't take me home."
She slowed down and moved into the right lane.  "Sure.  Where do you want to go?"
He licked his lips and motioned with his thumb toward the north.  "Olympus."
She looked at him intently and then back at the road.  "Let's go."  She sped up again and stayed on Pantheon Circle around the Opera House.  Once they came around to Aether Avenue, she turned left onto it and drove north, past Hermes' and Demeter's temples.  A few kilometers away lay the foothills of Mount Olympus.
What would he say?  He knew he was in town for a meeting, but … Really?  What could he say?  What could he do?
The car crested a hill and the Temple of Preparation became visible with the Olympic Gates next to it.  Alexandra slowed down and found the parking lot by the Temple to be empty.  She parked near the building and left her side of the vehicle.  She walked around and opened Stephen's door, offering him a hand.
"I can still get out of the car myself, Alex."
"I know, sir," she said.  "But you're old and tired, so I thought I would help."
Acastus looked at her coldly but then he saw that she was smiling.  An emotional shudder wracked him and he very nearly came to tears.  Instead, he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tightly.  "Thank you," he whispered.
"No problem, sir."  He pulled away and she patted his arm.  "Do you want me to go with you?"
Acastus shook his head.  "No, I'll, uh, I'll try this on my own."
She nodded and walked back around to the driver's side door.  "I'll be here if you need me."
He waved at her while he kept walking around the Temple of Preparation.  Once he came to the far side, he saw the golden, illuminated Olympic Gates.  Two glistening Cylons stood guard before the path that led to the cablecar and the stone steps.
He walked up to the guards slowly and he looked with some unease at their sweeping orange eyes.  "Hello."
The Cylon on the left spoke first.  "Identify yourself."
"I am Stephen Acastus, Vice President and member of the Quorum of Twelve."
The Cylon on the right spoke next, "What is your purpose here?"
"I wish to see Lord Apollo."
The two robots stopped looking at him and they stood erect again.  Several moments passed during which Stephen thought they were communicating with Olympus.  Finally, both Cylons stepped aside and one said, "Proceed into the transport car."
Acastus nodded and walked between the two machines.  The gates opened and the doors on the cable car slid apart.  He looked up the mountain and he was able to make out the temple-like shape of Olympus in the moonlight.  He stepped into the cabin and the doors closed.  A moment later, he felt a gentle lifting and he was carried high into the mountains.  
He stood looking toward Olympus for a time.  He shook his head, damning himself for not really having a plan.  Not having anything to say.  Almost as an afterthought, he walked to the other end of the car and looked down toward the City of the Gods.  It was, in a word, beautiful.  The gods knew what they were doing when they adorned their temples with precious metals and spotlights.  The whiteness of those structures and the glinting of the metals were simply breathtaking.  The Opera House and the Forum, too, were well lit and quite lovely.  The entire city receded into the distance far below and became partly obscured by a passing wisp of mist.  The car slowed and he turned back to the front.  He saw that it was now sliding into a recessed part of the mountain.  After a few loud clicks, the cablecar stopped and the doors slid open.  
For much of his young life, he wondered what it would be like to walk the halls of Olympus.  Once Apollo told him that Olympus was a crashed spaceship, some of the magic vanished.  But now, standing before doors that opened into golden-colored halls, the magic seemed to return.
He forced himself to take a step forward and he looked down the corridor.  Occasional marble columns lined the walls.  Red and purple cloths were draped between them.  A few large plants stood in corners and the light seemed to emanate from all around.
"Stephen?" Apollo said as he approached.
Acastus turned and took a couple of steps.  Again, his body shuddered but he held it off, lowering his head and then raising it as he spoke.  "Apollo, I … I have leukemia."
The god's face shook as though struck.  His eyes widened and his mouth fell open before he managed to close it again.  He took a step forward and placed a hand on Acastus' shoulder.  "I am … so very sorry."
Acastus nodded quickly and turned away.  He didn't want to cry, period, much less cry in front of a Lord of Kobol.  "Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.  Are you familiar with it?"
Apollo thought for a moment and then raised his head.  "Yes.  I haven't done much doctoring in a while, but, yes, I know it."
Stephen turned and looked at Apollo square in the face, "Can you cure it?"
Apollo clenched his jaw and inhaled slowly.  "No.  I'm sorry."
All of a sudden, whatever barrier Acastus had raised against crying, against feeling despair … it came down.  His shoulders heaved and his head lowered.  Tears fell from his eyes and he raised his hands to his cheeks.  
Apollo came to his side and wrapped an arm around him.  Acastus leaned into his chest and cried loudly.  In his mind, he knew that Apollo wasn't a god.  In his mind, he knew that they were from Kobol, just like everyone else on the planet.  But in his heart, at this moment, he wanted so desperately for them to truly be gods.  
XXIII
MITHRAS
8 Years Before the Final Exodus

He didn't want to know how long he had been down here.
He was treated well.  He was given good food; better, even, than most of what he scrounged in his years living on the streets.  He was given books to read, haircuts, shaves, and even the occasional bath.
Walter held no illusions, though.  He was Zeus' prisoner.  He was also Zeus' pet.
At least once a week, Zeus would come downstairs and ask questions or start up some religious conversation.  For Mithras, he tried to make it a game.  If he could render Zeus speechless, he won.  If he made Zeus become flustered and storm out in ten minutes or less, he won.
When Zeus came down the steps this morning, Walter smiled, thinking the game was afoot.
"Hello, Zeus," he said.
"Walter," Zeus said.  He came around the wall and waved to the Cylon, which turned and retreated to its usual corner.  "How are you?"
"Well, Zeus, well."  He wiped his hands on an old shirt and he set aside his plate of food.  "The sandwiches, in particular, are fantastic."
Zeus nodded and his mouth curled at one corner into a wry grin.  "I'm glad you're pleased."
Walter cleared his throat, "What can I do for you today?"
"Well, I have a few questions," Zeus said while he walked over and leaned against his usual table.  "When you were out and about …"
"Free?"
"Yes, 'free,'" Zeus continued, "just how much preaching did you do?"
Mithras smirked and lowered his eyebrows, "What do you mean?"
Zeus crossed his arms and shrugged, "I just want to get a sense of how active you were in spreading the love of God?"
"But we've already discussed this, Zeus."  Mithras cleared his throat again and he reached for his plastic water cup.  "You know very well I spoke loudly and as often as I could in my travels."
"True."  Zeus pulled out a sheet of compaper and unfolded it.  He activated the corner and pressed the glowing map.  "You started in Aquarius, moved west to Aries, north to Capricorn, east to Gemini, south to Virgo, west to Pisces, north to Capricorn again."
"Yes," Mithras said, pushing his cup aside.  "It took about twenty years, but I traveled fairly well."
"Indeed."  Zeus pressed another button on his compaper and the Stream appeared.  "Can you explain this?"
He held the sheet up and on a simple black background, in glowing white text, the words, "Where is Mithras?" were spelled out.
Walter raised his eyebrows.  "Wow.  It's nice to know I've been missed."
"Comforting, I'm sure."  Zeus pressed the center of the compaper and the image shifted showing a video of Mithras preaching.  "Where was this made?"
He leaned forward and looked.  It was definitely him, years ago, standing on a marble park bench, addressing a gathered crowd.  "Are we so naïve to have forgotten the moral and ethical lapses that the gods committed for ages?"  The video played on, "And yet, we should heed Zeus' call to 'follow the example of the gods?'"
"That's a particular favorite of mine," Walter said.
Zeus said nothing but the video continued, "With the Chip, Zeus has a foothold in your mind but he cannot lay a finger on your heart.  Or your soul.  But … there is a god who can.  There is a god who knows you for what you really are and not the façade you put forward every day.  This god knows you and loves you for what you are.  And, here's the key, he is the one, true god."  Some in the crowd scoffed but Mithras continued, "He is not a false idol."  Some of the people in the crowd rushed the bench and Mithras leapt off behind it.  Others in the crowd held back the aggressors and urged Mithras to flee.
"I seem to think … that may have been Delphi."
Zeus nodded.  "Yes.  I stumbled upon a kind of treasure trove of your old messages, thanks to the Stream."  He deactivated and returned the compaper to his coat pocket.  
"Why did you find those videos only now?  After so many years?"
Zeus shrugged.  "Your followers may have been afraid to share them.  Maybe they didn't all know you were missing, but when they found out, they decided to share their experiences.  Regardless, when I bring you out of here, I have more than enough to put you on trial for blasphemy."
Mithras almost chuckled.  "Zeus, I've committed blasphemy against you every time you've come down here and I didn't kiss your ass.  Which, by the way, would be every time you've come down here."
Zeus nodded.  "True.  But thanks to these videos and accounts on the Stream, I can now round up hundreds of your followers."
Mithras' face fell.  "What?"
"Yes.  We've already traced who made the videos, who uploaded them to the Stream, who was in the crowds agreeing with you … I can round them all up."
Walter shook his head.  "No.  I don't believe you."
"Why shouldn't you?  Why do you think I've kept you alive and locked up for so long?"  Mithras squirmed and Zeus stood up from his table.  He walked toward the man and bent down.  "I knew you had followers.  I knew that if I planted a few seeds out there … a rumor here, a picture there … eventually, those seeds would grow.  Now," he smiled and clapped his hands, "now is the time for the harvest."
Walter closed his eyes and slowly shook his head.  "It doesn't make sense."
"No, it makes perfect sense.  You've done very well these last few years, Walter."  Zeus patted him on the back and stood up straight, "Not only has your absence brought my real targets out into the open, but you have, in your own way, helped me become a better deity.  You've sharpened my sword, Walter."
Mithras was yelling in his head.  He rocked back and forth on the stone floor of the basement, mumbling to himself, over and over.  He continued to rock back and forth.  Guilt!  It lay upon him.  He had been coddled and lulled into security by a false idol.  By playing along, he had unwittingly drawn out his thousands of supporters.  
Zeus turned away from him and smiled.  "That's right, Walter.  Pray to your god."  He stalked away from Walter as he rocked on the floor.  He called the Cylon over and he pointed, "Chain him up."
Mithras began to sob and he pressed his palms into his eyes as hard as he could.  It couldn't keep the tears inside and the pain wouldn't make him feel any better.
XXIV
HECATE
7 Years Before the Final Exodus

For the first time in at least two millennia, Hecate entered the Forum building.  She looked up at the ornate ceiling, noted the beautiful marble columns and she saw the ancient paintings and statues.  She was almost impressed.  
A few people in the foyer saw her and began to whisper as she walked to the front desk and addressed the Cylon stationed there.  After it bowed, she spoke, "I'm here to see President Elisabeth Maenodes."
The Cylon held still as it checked its system.  Then, it spoke in a more humanized monotone than Hecate was expecting, "She is ready to see you now.  Please go up the stairs to your left.  She will be waiting on the third floor."
Hecate nodded and complied.  She took the stairs quickly and when she arrived on the third floor, the president was rushing to her from around the corner.  "Oh my!" she said.  "That was fast!"
Hecate grinned.   "I am sorry to disturb you but I did want to speak with you about some things."
"Of course, goddess," the president said.  She motioned back the way she came and she began to walk.  "I am very thrilled that you've come to visit."
"Hopefully, this will be the first of many," Hecate said.
She spent every weekend in one of her debaucherous temple services; sacrificing avatars, becoming warped on virtual drugs and having sex with multiple partners.  It wasn't how it used to be, but it was safer, in its own way.
During the week, she played in the Stream, just like anyone else.  But she took a particular interest in Apollo.   Ever since their encounter on Olympus some years ago, she became more and more intrigued by him.  
"That's the office of Vice President Acastus," Maenodes said.
Hecate's head turned quickly and she smirked.  Inside the open door, she saw a young redhead hard at work at a desk.  An assistant?  But Acastus.  That was the man Apollo dealt with all of the time.  The man Apollo met with one night on Olympus.  Somehow, he was involved.
Turning a corner, the president led Hecate into her office and she stepped around the table and sat down behind her desk.  "So, Goddess Hecate, what exactly can we do for you?"
Hecate crossed her legs and adjusted the edge of her business skirt, something she wasn't used to wearing.  "Actually, Madam President, I hope I can help you.  I'm heeding my father's call for us Lords to be more involved, and I'm hoping to work more closely with Kobol's government."
Maenodes clasped her hands and smiled, "Oh, that is wonderful!"
"Yes," Hecate said.  "I know you are already working closely with my father …"
The president nodded, smugly, as though she were bragging, "Yes, I do."
"So, perhaps I can work closely with someone else.  The vice president, perhaps?"
"Oh," she said.  "Well, I know Mr. Acastus has been working closely with Lord Apollo …"
Hecate couldn't disguise her disappointment.  She had thought their association was secret.  But apparently not.
"But, I'll see if I can put a word in for you."
Hecate smiled and nodded.  "Thank you, Madam President."
XXV
APOLLO
7 Years Before the Final Exodus

"You're not going to believe this," the vice president said.
"What?"  Apollo sipped his water.
"Hecate came to the Forum yesterday and asked the president if she could work closely with me."
Apollo nearly spat the water back into his glass.  His eyebrows were lifted high and he said, "You're joking."
Acastus shook his head.  "Apparently, she said she wants to do what her father said and work more closely with Kobol's government to … advance Zeus' agenda or something."
Apollo set the glass on the desk quietly and he folded his hands together.  He stared into space and brought his hands to his mouth.  He breathed slowly.  "Be careful, Stephen.  I don't trust her."
Acastus nodded.  "I get that."
"What is she playing?"
"I don't know," Stephen said.  "I plan to keep her at arms' length and I've already said almost as much to Alex about it."
Apollo nodded.  He inhaled deeply and he jerked, just remembering the silver device in his pocket.  He pulled it out and activated it.  "Nearly forgot."  Acastus smiled.  "What's the status of our ships?"
Acastus reached into his back pocket and pulled out a sheet of paper.  He unfolded it and began to read, "Let's see here …"
"Now, Stephen," Apollo interrupted, "I hope you're being careful.  We can't afford for anyone to find out about this."
He held up the sheet.  "It's just paper.  Good, old fashioned paper with pencil scribbles."  Apollo grinned and leaned back.  "Can't tap into that."
"True enough.  Please continue."
Acastus held the sheet away from his face and he started to read, "I've got a list of ex-military and commercial pilots who we can keep an eye on.  I'll wait until we get closer to reach out to them.  Let's see, the ships.  One-third of the hulls are complete.  Of that, one-half have been furnished, and of that number, two-thirds have already undergone testing and have been given passing grades."
"I see."  Apollo sighed, "So, how many are ready to go right now?"
Acastus shrugged, "Twenty-eight."  Apollo shook his head.  "Now, that's twenty-eight out of two-hundred fifty-six.  There are lots more to go."
Apollo closed his eyes and he felt Leto rub his neck.  It was relaxing and tension seemed to fall away.  Just what he needed.  "Easy, son," she said.  "There's still time."
"There's still time," Apollo said, nearly in a mumble.
"Well, how much time?  I mean, go ahead and tell me so I don't have to stress my ass over it."
Apollo laughed and he opened his eyes.  He saw that Leto was smiling and she was sitting on Acastus' desk now.  Apollo shook his head, "I don't know, Stephen.  A few more years."
"At least seven," Leto said.
Apollo looked at her directly and his face became solemn.  She was still smiling, though.  "Seven years.  At least."
Acastus formed his fingers into a kind of temple and pressed the tips against his lips.  "Is that what … she said?"
Apollo swallowed hard and looked down.  "Yes."  He glanced back up and Leto was still grinning, still looking at him.
Stephen nodded and coughed.  "Well.  Seven years it is, then.  They'll do it."
There was a knock at his door and Alexandra pushed it open, "I'm sorry."
"It's fine.  Come in," Apollo said.
She handed a sheet of compaper to Acastus.  "It's just a report that the president wants everyone in the Quorum to sign off on by the end of the day."
While she stood waiting for the vice president to read the paper, Apollo asked, "How have you been, Miss Gideon?"
She smiled, "I've been well, thank you, Lord Apollo."  She glanced quickly to Acastus and then back to Apollo.  "May I ask a question, Lord?"
"Of course," he said.
"Do you know the name Pythia?"
Apollo closed his eyes and nodded knowingly.  "Yes.  She was an oracle in my temple a thousand years ago.  Wait.  Maybe longer."
Again, Alex glanced toward Stephen and then back to Apollo.  "I've been rereading what she wrote."
Apollo nodded again.  "You do realize that most of our oracles do their … prophesying in a smoke-filled room under the haze of chamalla?"
Her face grew serious and she knelt before Apollo.  "It doesn't matter, Lord.  If an oracle is spoken to by the divine, chamalla influence or not, what they have to write is … important.  Worth remembering and following."
Apollo leaned forward and took her hand, "Alexandra, I appreciate your interest and your faith …"
"Apollo," Leto said.  "Shut up and listen for a moment."  He stopped speaking and he glanced over at Acastus.  The vice president stopped reading and he looked up at the two.  
"Lord, I know you may have your doubts," Alex said, "but Pythia wrote about another exodus."  She looked to Acastus and then back to Apollo.  "And you two are building hundreds of ships to ferry people away from here in case of … something going horribly wrong."
Apollo and Acastus' eyes met and Stephen smiled.  "Go ahead, dear, tell him about me."
Apollo furrowed his brow and he looked at her.  "The vice president?"
Alex became even more still, if possible.  Her eyes flitted downward and she spoke in even softer tones, "Pythia wrote of a leader.  A dying leader."
Apollo looked at Stephen.  He was still smiling, but Apollo became serious, "And what about this leader?"
Alex looked at Acastus and said, almost reverently, "He's dying of a wasting disease.  And … he won't live to see humanity arrive at their new home."
XXVI
ZEUS
6 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Good news, Walter," Zeus said.  He bound down the steps as much as he could without hitting his head.  Zeus came around the corner and he saw the waifish preacher chained to the wall.  His hair was matted and his clothes were gray and dingy from many months of continuous wear.
He grumbled something but Zeus ignored it.  "I've got more of your friends."  He held up a piece of compaper showing the faces of four people.  "Just arrested in Cyme."
Mithras looked up, saw the faces, winced, and dropped his head again.  "When will you stop?"
"Oh, I won't," Zeus said.  He laid the compaper on the table and stepped closer to the man, despite the smell.  "You see, I figured something out about you early on.  You are laden with guilt.  Self-imposed guilt."
Mithras looked up, "No."
"Yes," Zeus said.  "You see, you betrayed your brother to your father and he was killed because of you."  Zeus pointed at him at the end of that line to punctuate it.  "You bore that guilt for years and now, because of you," again, he pointed, "more believers have been betrayed."
Mithras shook his head.  "What are you doing with them?"
"They're being questioned," Zeus said as he walked about the small area, "some are jailed.  We've even let a few go so we can keep close tabs on them."  Mithras kept shaking his head and Zeus leaned against the wall.  "Are you sure you don't want to start praying to yourself now?"
Zeus watched the tiny man thrash in his chains for a few moments.  It was odd, but for the last few years, Zeus had become used to him.  He did … sometimes … enjoy their discussions.  Mithras had made him rethink and rejustify some of his divine actions.  It was helpful.  He almost felt sorry for what had become of him.  Almost.
Mithras flailed against the wall a few more times.  Zeus shook his head and began to walk away.  Mithras was crying and mumbling.  He was praying, Zeus figured.  Through the rattling of the chains, he heard a few words here and there.  For whatever reason, Walter seemed to be speaking more loudly today than before.
"…These things we ask most humbly, amen."  He sobbed and started over, "O Prometheus, holy messenger of the Great One, guide our lives according to Its will, ..."
Zeus stopped moving and he whipped around furiously.  "What did you say?"  The words weren't said so much as barked.
Mithras finally opened his eyes and looked up.  The man's face contorted as though he was about to retch.  Zeus' Chara had shifted to something much less pleasant.  "I … was praying."
"You said, 'Prometheus.'"  Zeus took two steps toward him and wrapped his large hand around Mithras' jaw; lifting his head up closer to his own.  "That's what you said."
Walter closed his eyes again.  He seemed to be cursing himself.  "I have failed.  I have failed.  Utterly failed."
Biting each word as he spoke, Zeus asked, "Are you Draco?"
Zeus released his grip and Mithras sighed, nearly collapsing in a heap.  "No.  I'm not."
"But you know of them."
Zeus pulled him up by the shoulder and slapped him across the face.  The strike sent waves rolling through the chains which rattled against the wall.  Mithras tried to right himself, but Zeus pressed him against the wall with his eyes still forcefully closed.
"Prometheus!  Draco!" Zeus yelled.  "You will answer me!"  He pressed the tiny man against the stone wall harder.  Mithras couldn't speak.
Zeus finally released him and he stalked over toward the Cylon.  "Sword!  Now!"
The robot complied and handed his shining blade to Zeus, saying, "As you command."
Zeus strode back to the wall, leading the way with the point of the sword.  "Speak!"
"I have failed!" Mithras screamed.
Zeus placed the edge of the sword on Mithras' exposed upper right arm.  With a quick swipe, it cut into his flesh and blood began to drop onto the stone floor.  Walter yelled in pain and Zeus again grabbed his face.  "Tell me what you know of the Draco!  What do you know about Prometheus?"
Mithras alternated his declarations of pain with sobbing.  "No.  I can't say more."
Anger consumed him.  Names and faces from the past flooded his mind and the heat of rage welled under his skin.  He felt almost twitchy.  Like he had to hit something or it could drive him insane.  He lifted the sword again, laying the edge on Mithras' other arm.  "Is Prometheus still alive?"
Walter opened his eyes and looked at Zeus.  He saw only the rawest form of anger.  "No.  He died thousands of years ago."
"Why should I believe you?"  He swiped the sword, again, slicing into Mithras' arm.  Zeus then pressed the point into his abdomen.  "You say you failed utterly, why wouldn't you lie to protect your faith?"
"I'm not lying," he whimpered.
Zeus pushed the sword.  He felt some soft resistance at first, and then, when the skin gave way, the blade slid through.  Blood ran across the top, flat portion of the sword and dribbled onto the floor and Zeus' shoes.  As Walter screamed, Zeus leaned close and said calmly, "Tell me everything you know."
Mithras wrenched his head from side to side.  Finally, he seemed to have gathered some strength.  He twisted his head toward Zeus and yelled with all of his might, overcoming the nauseating fear of the Chara, "Frak you!"  And then he spat into Zeus' face.
Zeus remained still, but within, his mind screamed and his wrath roiled.  He pushed the sword until he heard the tip click against the stone wall.  Warm blood gushed onto his arm and hand.  Mithras screamed again.
Walter's face was becoming pale but he lifted his head and said, "God will strike you down."
Zeus looked down at the redness on himself.  His anger still stirred.  He withdrew the blade and then jabbed it into Mithras' chest.  Now, blood sprayed into the air; leaving a fine mist on all of Zeus' clothes and even his face.  Mithras gave one last roar of pain, then a gasp, and he was gone.
Zeus pulled out the sword and held it by his side.  He breathed slowly and calmly, looking at the carnage he produced.  He exhaled through his nose and he felt centered again.  He felt steady.  And then he remembered the Draco.  And Prometheus.
Who among Mithras' followers would know the truth about these things?  Zeus would have to find out.
XXVII
HECATE
5 Years Before the Final Exodus

She was confident.
For a few years now, she had managed to get closer to her father and feel the power of government.  She sat in on those dreadfully boring Quorum meetings.  She got to know more people around the Forum, thanks to their secret lives on the Stream … the ones who visited her temple on occasion.  They had secrets to keep and Hecate liked that.
She was in Delphi walking up the path to Apollo's home.  Smartly dressed in black and gray, her hair was pulled up and she felt as though she had the world by the balls.
She remembered a similar feeling she had before.  Thousands of years ago, she loved Eros, son of Hephaestus and Aphrodite.  Hecate was disappointed, to say the least, to learn that he preferred the company of men.
Hecate pressed the doorbell button and Apollo peeked through a small window.  Slowly, he opened the door.  "Hecate."
"Apollo," she said, with a smile.
"What do you want?"
"Well, first, I'd like to come in."
Apollo scanned her from top to bottom, sighed, and then stepped back.  She walked inside slowly and examined everything as she went.  Halfway into the living area, she stopped and turned.
"Aren't you going to close the door?"
Apollo pushed it to and then he followed her to the sitting area.  Hecate sat in a large leather chair and crossed her legs.  He still stood as he spoke, "What do you want, Hecate?"
She smirked.  "Come now, let us sit.  Be friendly.  Let's exchange pleasantries."
Apollo sat on the couch.  "I'm not sure I want to exchange pleasantries with you."
Her eyebrows lifted.  "So harsh.  That seems unnecessary."
"Is it?  You engaged in human sacrifice."
"But that was nearly two thousand years ago.  Forgive and forget."
Apollo shook his head and scoffed.  "Hecate, we don't change.  You know that.  I can certainly guess that you haven't changed, either."
"You have," she said.  "There's something going on with you.  Something new and different."
"Oh yeah?" he asked.  "What?"
She looked at the ceiling, pretending she was having trouble remembering some detail.  "Well, you're much more involved with politics these days.  The vice president, you know."
"Right."
"And your ships."
Apollo's face froze.  He said nothing but his nostrils flared before he opened his mouth.  "What ships?"
Hecate was beaming.  "Did you really think you could build two hundred ships without anyone noticing?  Again?"  Apollo was still silent.  "You did it once before with Aurora and Hephaestus taking the lead, but now, it's just you and Acastus.  Don't get me wrong.  You've done a fantastic job keeping everything quiet."
"Hecate …"
"I mean, more than a thousand contractors.  Assembly at all twelve spaceports, hidden in their large hangars …"
"Hecate …"
"Stop!" she yelled.  "I'm trying to compliment your deviousness."  Apollo looked at the floor and Hecate continued.  "More than two hundred FTL-capable vessels.  It is an impressive feat."
Apollo grit his teeth.  Apparently having discovered the purpose for her visit, he asked, "What do you want?"
"What do you mean?"
He looked up at her, scowling.  "I know you didn't come here to just … ask about space travel.  What are you playing at?"
Hecate smiled.  "I'm just curious as to how you think Zeus will react?"
Apollo inhaled sharply.  "Not well, I would guess."
Feigning surprise, she said, "You mean father doesn't know?"  She uncrossed and then recrossed legs, drawing Apollo's attention.  "Are you planning another exodus?  Who this time?"
Apollo shook his head.  "No.  I'm not answering your questions."
Hecate stood up.  Her smile was now gone.  "Is that wise?"
Apollo examined her expression for several moments before he asked, "What do you want?"
With a wry grin, Hecate moved a single hand up to her outer jacket, unbuttoning it and letting it drop to the floor.  She then bent over, pulling a zipper at the bottom of her skirt up toward her waist.  It hung open with her upper thigh and hip exposed in the slit.  "I believe you know."
XXVIII
APOLLO
5 Years Before the Final Exodus

Apollo blinked slowly and said, "You are not serious."
"Yes, she is," Leto said.
"Yes, I am," Hecate said.
Apollo's head whipped over to Leto, who was leaning against a wooden column on the other side of the room.  Hecate was moving closer to him and Leto began shaking her head.
"Son, you knew there was a chance you would be found out."
"I knew," he began, "there was a chance I could be found out."
"Of course," Hecate said.
"What were you prepared to do when you were discovered?" Leto asked.
Hecate's skirt splayed open as she slinked onto the couch and ran an arm around Apollo's neck.  She unbuttoned her shirt, allowing her ample breasts to be exposed.  "I can do whatever you would like," Hecate said, still wearing that smirk.
Apollo exhaled forcefully and he turned.  Quickly, he wrapped his hand around Hecate's throat.  She was surprised and she gasped.  His grip forced her to straighten up and she clawed at his arm for a moment before she smiled.  She moved one of her legs onto Apollo's lap and she undid her hair, allowing it to fall over half her face and onto Apollo's arm.  
"You can do that," she whispered.  "I like it."
Disgusted, Apollo pushed her aside and she fell into the pillows on the other side of the couch.  While she angrily sat up and composed herself, Leto strode across the room.  "You can't kill her.  She would just download."
"No, I can't kill her.  You."  Apollo said.
"Of course you can't," she said, sliding across the seat toward him again.
"I can lock you up somewhere."
Hecate laughed.  "Where?  Here?"
Leto shrugged, "She's right."
Hecate was now pressing against Apollo's side and she ran one hand up his shirt.  "You have to comply."
Apollo shook his head vigorously.  "No."
"Yes, you do," Leto said.
Apollo looked at her angrily.  "I cannot go along with this."
Hecate stopped her advances and she stood up from the couch.  "If that's the way you feel, then … that's the way you feel."
Leto was now behind Apollo and she leaned over to whisper in his ear.  "You have to.  It is still too soon.  You aren't ready yet.  You don't even have your army."
Hecate buttoned her shirt and she gathered her shoes and jacket from the floor.  Apollo stood up.  "Even if I … do this with you, who's to say my father won't find out about the ships anyway?"
Hecate shrugged, "Not my problem."  She stepped into her shoes.
"Zeus is busy," Leto said, disgustedly.  "He will be occupied for some time."
Hecate began to walk to the front door.  The sound of her heels clapping on the hardwood hit at Apollo repeatedly until, finally, he thought he felt Leto pushing him.
"Wait," he said.
Hecate stopped and sighed.  As she turned around, Apollo slammed into her and pushed her against the wall.  The breath was knocked out of her, but Apollo had lifted her off the floor and had his face buried in her neck; biting it.  She clawed at his back and he lowered her, ripped off her jacket and tore open her shirt. 
She smiled broadly and lifted his shirt off him.  She bent over and bit his chest while he carried her down the hallway.  Apollo stopped and pushed her against a wall again and he pulled her skirt away from her body.  She reached down into his pants and felt his rapidly engorging penis.
"Yes," she hissed.  "This is what I've wanted."
Apollo reached up and clasped his hand over her mouth.  "I'm going to need you to shut up."  He lifted her again, walked into the bedroom and tossed her onto the bed.  He leaned over to pull off his pants and he caught sight of Leto sitting at a vanity table across the room.  It unnerved Apollo to see that she was smiling.
XXIX
ATHENA
3 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Hail Athena!" the crowd said.  She raised her hand and sat in her marble chair.
"Hail Hermes!" they said.  He waved and sat in the chair next to Athena.
Atop the steps of the Temple to Athena in Athens, Hermes squirmed somewhat, as though he was out of place.
"This is really your party, dear," he said, leaning in, while temple acolytes danced in the field below.
Athena smiled and patted his hand.  "I'm glad you could come.  I haven't been around too many Lords lately."
Hermes nodded and watched the women whirl.  Priests were bringing out the festival meal and a few brothers were holding aloft great poles with birds at the ends.  "What about Apollo?"
Athena's smile fell away and she sighed.  "I haven't seen him in some time.  He used to call me … he doesn't now."
Hermes laid a hand on her arm, "I'm sorry."
She shook her head and smiled again.  "No matter.  I'm happy."
It was true.  Though the end of her relationship with Apollo was often bewildering, she had moved on thanks to the worship of the people.  They were comforting to her.  With Zeus and the others, they seemed to worship from afar.  With Athena, they were more friendly and unafraid to approach her.  She liked that.
"Hail Athena!" the priests said and the brothers held the poles high.  With a flick, small cages snapped away and the owls flew into the dusk sky.
Athena clapped and Hermes turned to her, "What's with the owls?"
Still smiling, she said, "They're wise, I guess."  The dance continued and Athena looked around at the surrounding crowds.  Several thousand people turned out for this evening festival and meal.  She was happy to see so many smiling faces.  
"Who are they?" Hermes asked, pointing to the north. 
Athena looked and saw a group of people marching toward the crowd, carrying large banners with someone's face on them.  They were chanting but Athena couldn't make it out yet.
"I don't know."
The dancing and music continued below.  The feast was arrayed on many tables and the people gathered around to give thanks to the gods and to eat.  Hermes and Athena stood and walked down the stairs.  She, though, kept her eyes on the approaching crowd.  She could now make out what they were saying.
"Where is Mithras?!"
She saw their banners and saw the name written next to the face.  They chanted, "Where is Mithras?!" several times and then began to chant, "Worship the one, true god!"
Athena stopped midway down the steps and stared at the crowd with her mouth partly open.  Again, she felt that fear.  A nagging fear that God was real and that he was disappointed in them.  She had gone for centuries without feeling it, and now, here it was again.
Hermes grabbed her arm, "Come on.  The Cylons will deal with them."
Athena began to walk down the steps again and she glanced up, seeing police Cylons approach the crowd from all sides.  After a few electrical discharges, half of the group collapsed on the grass.  Some began to run and the officers gave chase.
Once she was off the steps, Athena smiled and she moved toward the open arms of the head priest.  She hugged him tightly, looked across the assembled people and food, and said, "Thank you so much."
XXX
ZEUS
2 Years Before the Final Exodus

"It warms my heart to see so many of you here," Zeus said from his raised marble platform.  "Yet again, you have broken records for participation in these temple services."  The crowd cheered and Zeus raised his arms.  "The Lords of Kobol thank you."
The crowd cheered again and Zeus bowed.  He motioned toward the banners that fluttered near him.  "You will see these on streets and buildings near you.  They are to serve as a reminder.  We have been here for you and we will continue to be here for you."
Each of the banners was colored differently with stylized versions of each Olympian silhouetted on them.  Under the image, the banner stated the god's name, and then Zeus' newest invention, his catchphrase, "Power in Many."
"'Power in Many,'" Zeus said.  "With all of the gods at your disposal, we cannot fail."  The crowd cheered and Zeus bowed, saying, "So say we all."
"So say we all!" came the thunderous response.   
Zeus' image blinked away and he rubbed his temples.  The Streamchip gave him headaches but he knew that was a side effect.  
"Lord Zeus," his assistant said.
"Yes?"  
"The chief priest says new prisoners have arrived."
Zeus inhaled sharply and stood.  "Thank you."  He took a sip of his water and pulled his coat from the rack.  After checking his tie in the mirror, he walked out of his office, down the hall and then down the stairs.  He passed through the forum, nodding to the people who bowed as they saw him pass.  Once outside, he saw several groups of people gathered together near the bases of flagpoles and lights.  When they caught sight of him, their faces lit up and they rushed the god. 
"Lord Zeus!" one woman screamed as she thrust a worn copy of the Sacred Scrolls toward him.  "Please sign it!"  He grinned and pulled a pen from his coat.  He kept a few on him for just this reason.  
He kept wading through the crowd; signing and smiling and shaking hands as he walked.  He finally managed to cross the street and he waved to the people, "I'm sorry.  I have urgent business inside.  Thank you!"  He strolled along Gaia Avenue and waved at vehicles that honked as they passed.  Soon he was near his temple and he darted up the large stairs.  People along the street began to mill about.  Certainly, they were hoping for another chance to meet him when he came out later.
Zeus strode past the first statues and columns and he was met by the chief priest.  "I'm glad you've come, Lord.  This group is far louder than previous ones."
"Did you gag them?"
"Yes," he said as he tried to keep up with the god, "we had to."
"That's fine."  Zeus turned behind a large column and he descended the stairs into the familiar storage room.  He removed his jacket and began rolling up his sleeves.  Some years ago, he jokingly referred to this as his dungeon.  Once it truly became one, he stopped joking about it.
The Cylon guard near the steps immediately withdrew its sword and handed it toward him, handle first.  Zeus took it and nodded toward the machine.  Sometime ago, this robot learned that Zeus always asked for the sword, so it offered it to him immediately.  It concerned Zeus somewhat, yet he never managed to follow up on it.
He looked across the faces of the three people chained to the wall.  Each one was dirty.  Each one had a piece of cloth crammed into their mouth.  Zeus stepped forward and placed the point of the sword onto his table before leaning on the hilt.  "Well, who do we have here this time?"
A young priest darted into the room and handed him a piece of compaper.  He ran up the stairs as quickly as possible.
"Ah.  Monotheists all, it seems."  He scrolled through some pictures and pointed at the woman on his left.  "You … arrested last year in Athens attempting to disrupt a festival for Athena.  Shame, shame."  He scrolled again and pointed at the man in the middle.  "You were caught handing out monotheist literature in Argos."  Scroll.  Point to the woman on the right.  "And you were … vandalizing a Temple to Hera in Lydos."
He put the compaper down, pulled the sword from the table and walked to the first, removing her gag.  "Frak you!" the woman on the left said.
Zeus' eyebrows lifted and he slapped her with the back of his hand, sending her flying into the stone wall, rattling the chains.  The other two watched her and they were very quiet as Zeus removed the cloths from their mouths.
"Now," Zeus said, "who has something constructive to say?"  He looked across their faces and no one made a move.  "Come now.  Who can tell me about … the Draco?"  He looked at each of them, waiting for a response.  "Prometheus?"  Pause.  "Mithras?"
"Where is Mithras?" the man in the center said.
Zeus nodded.  He moved to the wall and flipped a switch.  Additional lights in the ceiling came on and brightened the room.  "Look down.  See a particularly old, brown splotch?"  All three looked at the stone floor.  Various shades of red and brown were still visible in the cracks around the blocks.  "That's probably what's left of him."
The man looked up at Zeus, saw the god smiling, and he began to breathe quickly.  He slammed his eyes shut and startled to mumble a prayer.  "Great God above, please hear my prayer.  One, true God, help me."
"Please," Zeus said.  "I'm right here.  You needn't shout."  The man stopped speaking and he looked at his companions on either side.
"So."  Zeus leaned against the wall.  "Who has something to tell me about monotheists?  Where I can find them?  That sort of thing."
The woman on the left, the one who yelled earlier, lifted her head and spat a large glob at Zeus.  It missed, but Zeus took in a deep breath and stormed across the space to her.  He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to the wall.  His raging Chara frightened the other prisoners.  The man vomited.
"You are lucky, my dear," he whispered into her ear.  "You will be the first to die."  He pulled his head away and saw her face go still.  He placed the point of the sword above her left breast; allowing the pocket on her shirt to keep it level.  "In the name of Zeus, Hades, Poseidon, and all the Lords of Kobol, I take your life as a sacrifice to their true and holy names."  Then he plunged the blade through her.
She coughed and spewed blood into the air.  Zeus had already stepped aside because he knew the standard reaction.  He had sacrificed more than a few monotheists in his dungeon in recent years.
The man and woman still living began to cry and wail as the first one flailed and then died.  Zeus lifted the red-stained sword up to each of their faces.  "Tell me about the Draco."
"I don't know what that is!" the man said.
"Prometheus?" Zeus asked.
"No!" he said.
"He was the messenger," the woman said.  
"Yes, the 'messenger' for the 'one, true god,' right?" Zeus asked.
The woman nodded.
"Is Prometheus alive?"  Zeus' glare made the woman back up as much as she could, still encumbered by the chains.
Even though he wasn't asked, the man screamed, "I don't know who that is!"
Zeus sighed and asked, "You don't know much of anything, do you?"  He shook his head.  "You decided to jump on board with the monotheists because … I don't know, because it seemed like a good idea at the time, right?"
The man seemed relieved.  "Yes, Lord Zeus.  I was stupid!  Naïve!"  He paused and seemed ashamed.  "There were some … pretty girls in the group."
Zeus nodded.  "Believe me, I understand."  He placed the point of his sword above the man's heart.  "I claim your life in the names of the Lords of Kobol."
"No!" the man screamed, but Zeus had already pushed it through his ribs, severing his aorta.  The woman whimpered and Zeus withdrew the sword, again stepping back to avoid the bloody thrashing.
"Please, no," she said softly.
"Speak to me, dear," Zeus said.  "Is Prometheus alive?"
Tears rolled from her eyes down her cheeks.  "I don't think so.  I've never heard anyone say he is."
Zeus nodded.  "And these other people, these other believers in the 'one, true god,' where do you usually meet them?"
Her face crumpled, she began to cry and mucous ran from her nose.  "Please don't, Lord Zeus."
He drew his mouth into a sympathetic frown and he said, "Shh, shh, it will be fine.  Just tell me what you can.  Lydos?  Is that where?"
She hesitated and then she began to nod.  "We used to meet in an old restaurant.  I don't know if they still do."
Zeus stood up straight and exhaled.  He looked at the dangling bodies to his left and then to the one, crying woman still alive in front of him.  "I see."
Two millennia ago, he berated and punished his daughter for engaging in wanton and purposeless human sacrifice.  Now, he was sacrificing people, too.  Zeus could admit to a rush in feeling his blade slip into flesh and the warm splash of blood that hit his arms.  Especially on Mithras.  In the dozens of 'sacrifices' since, he had not replicated that feeling of relief and exhilaration.  
No.  These sacrifices were not wanton or purposeless.  They served a definite purpose.  He needed information.  He had to know about the monotheists.  They could undermine his society and destroy his plans.  He had to assume that they, left unchecked, could cause the devastation he saw in his vision from Hades.  He was wrong back then to have gone easy on the monotheists.  Zeus saw that now.
He stepped back from the wall and picked up a wet towel left for him on the table.  He wiped as much of the blood off his hands and arms as he could.  He handed the sword back to the Cylon and he rolled his sleeves down.  Looking at the woman, he could see she was surprised.  
"Confused?" he asked.
She nodded.
Zeus walked toward her, smiling, and he said, "Well, you vandalized a Temple to Hera."  He shrugged.  "The way I see it, that's not so bad.  At the very least, I owe you a decent dinner."  He walked away and pulled his jacket off the stone steps, sliding his arms into the sleeves.  
"But I'll be back," he said.
XXXI
ACASTUS
1 Year Before the Final Exodus

"Can I ask you a question?"
Apollo shrugged.  "We seem to have the time."
It was a warm spring night and they were sitting in a rented car about half a kilometer from a perimeter fence.  On the other side of that fence sat Fort Acheron.  Apollo was studying the fence and the field beyond through a telescanner.
Acastus took in a deep breath and he leaned his face against his fist; his arm propped against the car door.  "I apologize in advance for this, but … the idea came to me."
"What's that?"
"Why not … take a page from Prometheus' book?"  Acastus watched Apollo slowly lower the telescanner.  "Why not delete Zeus' transfer files and wait for his body to die?"
Apollo nodded.  "After Prometheus' murders, the resurrection computers were made to require the confirmation of the person whose profile was being deleted."
Acastus shook his head.  "Makes sense."  He paused and looked out the window, hoping he hadn't angered Apollo, though he didn't feel a shift in the Chara.  "What about a delay in transfer, like Zeus did to Hera and Hecate?"
As Apollo returned the telescanner to his eye, he said, "That was changed, too.  Since resurrection delays are punishments, I guess, it was assumed that Zeus would be the one meting out the punishments.  He and a medical officer have to give confirmation."
Acastus nodded and squirmed in the seat.  "I'm sorry.  I just … the ideas came to me and I thought it could save us a lot of heartache."
"It could have," Apollo said, still scanning the fence.  "Good ideas, though.  Keep thinking."  After a couple of quiet moments, Apollo asked, "How are you?"
Acastus looked at the god, somewhat confused, "You mean my leukemia?"
"Mmm."
"Still have it."  Apollo chuckled.  "The doctor says it's beginning to get aggressive so I may have to start treatments in the next several months."
"What is she leaning toward?"
"She wants radiation therapy," Acastus said.  "I'd rather have immunotherapy."
Apollo nodded and he lowered the scope.  "Radiation therapy is more effective, but I understand your reluctance."
"I can't help feeling like I've been a big baby about this at times," Stephen said.
Apollo furrowed his brow and looked at him, "Why?"
"You know," he said, shifting in his seat again, "coming to Olympus to cry on your shoulder, all the self-pity …"
"Those are perfectly natural responses, Stephen."  Apollo took a sip from a bottle of water and replaced it in the console.  "And your coming to Olympus wasn't just for a good cry.  You thought there was a chance I could help."
Acastus smiled.  "I know."  He motioned toward Apollo, "May I see that?"
"Sure."  He handed the scanner over.  "The eyepieces are a little too big for you, of course.  Zoom buttons are on your right."
Acastus put the large black and gray device up to his face.  In amazing clarity, he saw the fence line and a single Cylon soldier marching on the inside.  "How many Cylons are in there?"
"Two different Cylons on watch, as far as I can tell."
He lowered the scope and asked, "Why do we have to do what we're doing?"
"I've told you about the vision, right?"
"Yes," Acastus said.  "But won't all of this preparation head off whatever disaster is coming?"
Apollo sighed.  "I don't know.  I've asked myself the same questions."
With some reluctance, he said, "Did you ask her?"
Apollo glanced at him and took back the telescanner.  "Yes.  She won't tell me much of anything."
Acastus leaned forward with his face almost touching the console.  "I'd like to know how it's all been kept so secret for so long."
"What's that?"  He was now studying the fence through the scanner.
"The ships," Stephen said.  "We're building two-hundred fifty-plus ships and I haven't heard word one from anyone not in the loop.  How is that?"
"Believe me," Apollo said.  "I've had to do … things … to keep it quiet."  He put down the scope and he slipped a few items into his jacket pocket.  "Most of the spaceports are too far away from heavily populated areas.  The general public is distracted by the Stream and Zeus' religious fervor."  He scoffed and said, "Zeus is distracted by his own religious fervor."
Acastus straightened up in the seat.  "Is it time?"
Apollo squinted and looked at the fence.  "Yes.  Let's go."
They both climbed out of the car and quietly pushed the doors to.  Apollo led the way and Acastus followed close behind as they hugged a tree line and approached the fence.  The god knelt down at a tree about fifty meters from the fence and they watched a Cylon walk past.  Apollo kept his eye on it and then he waved.  Both ran to the fence and Apollo produced a small black box with silver nozzle from his pocket.
"What's that?" Acastus whispered.
Apollo pressed a button on the side and a green flame erupted from it with a light hiss.  "Plasma torch."  He looked at the fence for a moment and measured from the post.  He carefully chose the links to cut; the green flame moving through them as though they were cheap plastic.  "I have to cut only within a single panel," he whispered.  "If I cut across two panels, it can sound alarms."
As he swept the torch around, a few sparks fell to the grass.  "Is it electrified?" Stephen asked.
"I didn't mention that?"
Acastus looked at him in horror and he saw Apollo's wry grin.  "Hurry.  I think it's time for the next tin can."
Apollo nodded.  He brought the torch down for the final quarter of the circuit.  A moment later, he cut through the last link and he kicked the mesh panel into the fence perimeter.  Apollo stepped inside and pulled Acastus through the hole.  Then, he lifted the fence piece and placed it back into the hole.  Using the torch again, he melted a few of the links back together to hold it in place.  "Hopefully, the Cylons won't notice that."
"Shit," Acastus said.
Apollo turned and he saw one of the Cylon soldiers coming around a corner.  It immediately saw them and raised its weapon.  "Halt," it said.
Stephen began to raise his hands in surrender but Apollo slapped him.  "Don't do that."
The Cylon came closer, keeping its weapon leveled at Apollo first.  "Identify yourselves."
"I am Lord Apollo," he then pointed to Stephen, "and this is Kobol's Vice President.  We are here for a tour.  Let us pass."
The Cylon paused and then it said, "Negative.  No security clearances have been allowed for Lord Apollo or the vice president."
Stephen looked up to Apollo who seemed to grow angry at the imposition.  Apollo glared at the Cylon and took a step forward.  The Cylon quickly changed position and raised the automatic rifle squarely at his face.  "Do not move forward again."
"Are you allowed to fire upon the Lords of Kobol, Cylon?"
"Negative.  However, you are not listed under security clearances."
Acastus raised his eyebrows and he was about to ask a question when he saw Apollo reach into his coat pocket and fire something through the cloth.  Two metallic plates struck the Cylon's armor and the guard began to quiver.  After several moments, it collapsed to the ground.
"What the hell …" Acastus said.  "It couldn't shoot you yet it couldn't allow you on base.  It sounded like …"
"Like it had conflicting information.  The problem with not having artificially intelligent Cylons is that you have to deal with stupid machines."
The two men walked toward a sunken pit in the middle of the fence perimeter.  As they got closer, they could see below the grass level, and the concrete and metal structure became visible.  They walked down the ramp and approached the large doors.  "It's huge," Acastus said.
"Yes."  Apollo placed his hand on a security panel on the wall.  After a moment, it flashed green and a small door opened to their right.
Acastus shook his head, "Why did you need me here at all?"
Apollo shrugged, "We still might be able to talk our way in.  Even if we can't, I enjoy your company."  Acastus followed the god inside.  
They entered through a side door into a corridor that ran alongside the spacious interior.  The hallway was brightly lit and single human guard was standing up from a desk just inside.
"Lord Apollo?" he said.  The young man was holding a rifle and he was dressed in his head-to-toe protective armor.  He approached the two interlopers carefully, though he kept the weapon aimed low.
Apollo beamed.  "Hello, soldier!"  He stepped forward and eagerly shook the young man's hand.  "It is a pleasure to meet you and to be here!"
Acastus found himself smiling broadly.  He knew what Apollo was doing.  By forcing himself to be happy, his Chara would shift and make the soldier blindingly happy, too.
"The pleasure is mine, sir, all mine," he said, lowering his weapon for good and then saluting Apollo.  "Who is this with you?"
Apollo motioned toward the older man, "This is Vice President Stephen Acastus."
"Oh, sir," the soldier said, laughing at himself.  "I'm sorry I didn't recognize you."
Acastus shook his head, "No, that's fine."
"Look," Apollo said, "the VP here is going to give me a tour of the facilities, if that's alright with you."
The soldier seemed confused but then he shrugged and smiled, "You're Lord Apollo, if you want a tour, you get a tour!"  He laughed loudly.  "Go on in, sirs.  But I must ask you," his tone became somewhat more serious, "don't touch anything."
"We won't," Apollo said.
"And if you could, limit your time to about fifteen minutes.  My OIC could be back by then."
"Not a problem," Apollo said.  He smiled broadly again and shook his hand.  "Thank you, son."
"Thank you, Lord!"  He walked back to his desk and waved.  "You, too, Mr. Vice President."
Acastus waved and he followed Apollo to an access door at the other end of the hallway.  He stood next to Apollo and waited for something to happen.  Stephen glanced back at the soldier and saw him pressing buttons on his desk.  The doors slid apart.  Apollo walked inside and Stephen followed.
They stopped just inside the cavernous room.  The lights came on and a few of the bulbs were flickering.  The air was cool and there was an overwhelming smell of oil or grease.  Acastus scrunched up his face and rubbed his nose.  He looked over at Apollo and asked, "How many are there?"
Apollo exhaled slowly.  "Fifteen thousand."
He then began walking into the room.  Stephen followed and before long, he found himself and the god utterly surrounded by row after row after row of shining, deactivated Cylon warriors.
XXXII
APOLLO
1 Year Before the Final Exodus

"I assure you," Hephaestus began, "I have not lost my mind."
"I think maybe you have," Hermes said.
The Olympians gathered in their usual meeting room.  Most were seated around the long table while the rest stood against the wall.  Of all the Lords of Kobol, only Hera was absent.
"There is merit to his argument," Athena said.  "We have wanted to give the humans true freedom.  Actual free will."
Hephaestus leaned forward and interrupted, "By having robots and machines to do the dirtiest work, the worst jobs, this frees up a huge portion of the population."  A few of the Olympians scoffed.  "This is what we've been working for.  This is the experiment.  The humans will really be able to do whatever they want."
Helios sighed.  "You think that by having Cylons around to do construction work and handle … sewer cleaning, humanity will progress?  People will better themselves?"
"Yes," Athena said.  "That is what I believe."
Aurora was looking at one of the schematics; holding the paper up to the light.  "Why does this say they're 'CYLOMs?'"
Hephaestus waved a dismissive hand, "Uh, 'Cybernetic Labor-Oriented Machine.'  That's what it started as but the director changed it because he liked the 'n' sound better."
Zeus tapped the table.  "What safeguards did you have in mind?"
"Scholars at the Institute have been working in robotics for decades.  The computer guys, too.  If I put them together, they can make worker robots."
Ares spoke up, "But not true Cylons, right?"
Hephaestus nodded.  "Artificial intelligence and sentience is what makes a Cylon a Cylon.  I will take on the responsibility of examining and testing any advances in their robotics technology.  I will be sure that they never go that far.  As a god, I will command it."  He pointed at Hermes and then Helios, "And you two can help me keep an eye on their computer systems' progress."
Zeus shook his head slowly and his eyes drifted toward the floor.  After several quiet moments, he lifted his head again and locked eyes with Hephaestus.  The engineer seemed confident and upbeat.  "Any other thoughts?"
Hermes shook his head, "I don't like it."
Ares grumbled, "Warrior Cylons.  So the people don't have to be soldiers, too?"  Hephaestus nodded.  Ares shook his head and continued, "I … don't care for this."
Zeus leaned forward, "I share your concerns, son.  Believe me."  He looked around the table and caught the gaze of every Lord.  "We fought hard against the Cylons.  We lost a lot.  Everything, you could say.  I know and understand the reluctance."  He sat back and lifted his left hand, "But this is the next step in the Kobollians' society.  Hephaestus is right: this is part of the experiment.  To advance the biggest portion of their population, they have to … pawn off many of their duties."
"Why the warriors?" Dionysus asked.
"We have to maintain a military and if the people can choose not to join the service, we have to count on a stable force," Zeus said.
"But why have a military at all?" Hestia asked.
"In case of rebellion.  In case of … a resurgence of certain unsavory elements from the past."  Zeus glanced around the room again and tapped the table.  "Hephaestus, your greatest attentions to detail must be placed on the Cylon soldiers."
He nodded, "Agreed."
Hestia lowered her head and spoke, slowly, clearly, "Hephaestus, can you assure us that your safeguards will work?"
He smiled.  "Absolutely."
Three millennia ago, Apollo sat and listened as his fellow Lords debated Cylons for humanity.  He wasn't alive on Larsa during the wars, so he had no memory of those times.  In his mind, he had no standing to make his opinion known.
Over the ensuing thirty centuries, Cylon technology had improved but they were not sentient.  They were not true Cylons.  They could react better to stimuli and they could follow instructions for a host of various problems, but they were not truly self-aware.  Even though Hephaestus had been gone for more than a thousand years, Apollo knew he had a lasting impact.  The commandments he laid down still held.
Acastus walked through a row of silver Cylon warriors, looking up at the two-meter-tall machines with a sense of awe.
"I don't think I've ever been this close," he said.
Apollo stepped in front of a centurion, a company leader.  It appeared to be the same as the others, but its "helmet" had a low crest and the left arm was bronze with division markings.  "Not even with maintenance Cylons?"
"Or even servant Cylons," Acastus said.  "I got rid of my little one after you told me to.  It was nothing like these bastards, though."
Apollo reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, gray cartridge.  "Yes.  These days, there are many different models."
Stephen came around the end of a row and approached Apollo.  "Why this one?"
"It's a company commander."  Apollo rotated the cartridge between his fingers.  "With it under my control, that gives me the two hundred warriors under its command, as well."  
Acastus nodded.  "And that will be enough?"
"Oh, yes," Apollo smiled.  "It will be."  He handed a piece of paper and pen to Acastus.  "Write down its unit number, will you?"  He took the materials and walked around to the back of the centurion, looking for the ID plate.  He found it and began scribbling.  Apollo then took the paper back and nodded.
Stephen stepped between the god and the robot and he said, looking up at Apollo earnestly, "What you're about to do … this won't go wrong, will it?"
Apollo nodded slowly and put a hand on Acastus' shoulder.  "No, I've had help."  He looked to one side and saw Leto admiring the contours of a Cylon's armor.
"That's right, son," she said.  "Nothing to worry about."
"Plus," Apollo said, reaching into his pocket, "I've got this."  He held up a small black cube.  He squeezed it flat between his fingers and then reached under the centurion's chin, pressing it against the circuitry within.
"What was that?" Acastus asked.
"Yes," Leto said, "what did you do?"
"That is a safeguard of my own.  Some K-6 explosive with a trigger linked to this device," Apollo said, holding up a small golden tube, not unlike his silver surveillance blocker.
"Smart," Stephen said.
"Indeed," said his mother.
Apollo pressed a button on the collar of the Cylon and a small slot appeared.  Apollo placed the gray cartridge inside and pushed.  The centurion's drive then took the device and began to process it.  After a few brief moments, the Cylon's head lifted.  Apollo and Acastus simultaneously took a step back.
The single eye lit up blue and swept slowly from the left to the right and then back again as it read the data.  Finally, it stopped in the center of the left orbit and blinked.  "Standing by for voiceprint recording."
Apollo held a single finger up to Acastus' face, preempting any questions.  He stepped forward and spoke loudly and clearly, "I am Lord Apollo."
The blue eye swept again and the Cylon's monotone erupted from the speaker, echoing in the large chamber.  "Voiceprint recorded."  The eye swept further and then it paused in the right orbit, blinking again, "Require memory dump, yes or no."
Apollo raised a single eyebrow and glanced at Leto.  "What does that mean?"
She shook her head dismissively, "Not important.  You're reprogramming the unit, so there are a few setup options that have to be taken care of."
Apollo rolled his eyes.  "But what do I say to that?"
Leto shrugged.  "It doesn't matter.  It wants to know if you'd like it to forget previous instructions and experiences."
Apollo thought for a moment and glanced over at Acastus.  His arms were folded over his chest and he was glaring at the unit.  The vice president had gotten used to the lord's occasional spectral conversations.  Finally, Apollo said, "No."
The centurion's eye stopped blinking and began to scan again.  Once it stopped, it asked, "Allow network access, yes or no."
Apollo again looked at Leto and she smirked, "You wanted to reprogram this thing and this is all part of it.  Say 'yes.'"
"But what does that mean?" Apollo asked.
"It wants to know if you'll allow it to connect to the Stream to receive instructions."  Leto walked closer, "If that's how you're planning on activating it, you better say, 'yes.'"
Apollo nodded.  "Yes."
Again and again, the Cylon's eye moved and stopped.  It asked a question.  Leto told Apollo what to say.  He would say it and the Cylon would move on to another item.
After almost fifteen minutes, Leto turned toward the door.  Acastus did, too, and he said, "I think someone else is here."
Apollo nodded, looking at the door and then at the centurion anxiously.  The scanning eye stopped again and it asked, "Allow dual-core cross-connect, yes or no."
"What should I say?"
Leto was moving toward the door, seemingly ignoring Apollo, "Hurry!"
Apollo shook his head.  "Yes."
"Re-verify.  Allow dual-core cross-connect."
Apollo rolled his eyes.  "Yes!"
The Cylon's eye moved again and then it asked, "Reboot or shutdown."
Apollo heaved a sigh of relief.  "Finally.  Shutdown."
The centurion's eye stopped moving and the blue light went off.  The gray cartridge ejected from the slot and Apollo took it.  The unit slowly lowered its head and the whirring of the Cylon's internal mechanisms faded away.
"Someone's definitely here, Apollo," Stephen said.
Apollo sidestepped his way out of the row of Cylons and into the open area next to Acastus when the door slid open.  A Kobollian captain stepped inside with a grim face, saw Apollo, and then snapped to a salute.
"Lord Apollo," he said.  "This is an unexpected pleasure."
Apollo smiled broadly and walked up to the captain's side, placing an arm around his shoulders.  "The pleasure is mine, captain.  This is a fine facility you have."
The Chara proved to be infectious and whatever hostility the captain had regarding the intruders simply drifted away.  "Thank you, Lord.  Thank you.  Is there anything else you'd like to see or ask about?"
"No, captain," Apollo said, waving to Stephen, "I think we were just about to leave.  But I would appreciate it if you didn't mention we were here to anybody."
"Of course, sir.  As you command."
The god nodded with a smile and he placed a hand on Acastus' arm, pulling him toward the exit.  Apollo looked back into the chamber and saw Leto staring at the centurion.  Not unlike the captain, she, too, was smiling broadly.
XXXIII
ZEUS
10 Months Before the Final Exodus

Snow was on the ground.  The trees were bare and stood above the white blanket like black columns supporting the gray sky.  Red stained the white and melted toward the forest floor.
"He's injured," Zeus said aloud to himself.  He stood up again and surveyed the landscape.  Just trees and snow.  He tugged on the collar of his coat, pulling it around his jaw.  It had been quite some time since he was in the frozen woods of northern Galatia.  Not since … the "wild years."
A gunshot.  Zeus' head turned to the east and he began running as best he could in the snow toward it.  The last one, he thought.  Another gunshot.  Zeus paused.  He listened again and believed that this venture wasn't finished just yet.
Off to his right, he heard that anciently familiar and forever unnerving clanking of metal and whirring of servos.  Between the trees, he descried a Cylon running about thirty meters away and parallel to Zeus' own course.  The other Cylon, the centurion with the bronze armor, must be the one shooting up ahead.  
Zeus began running again and he tried to join his path with that of the Cylon that just passed him.  After a few moments, he caught up with the two warriors, standing still in a small clearing.  One bore scratches and a dent in its helmet.  Zeus saw this and raised his eyebrows, "Did he do that to you?"
"Affirmative, Lord Zeus," the Cylon said.  It pointed north, "He is hiding in that direction, approximately one hundred meters distant.  He is armed with primitive, improvised weapons."
Zeus nodded and raised his hands.  Pointing to the northeast and northwest, he said, "You go that way and you go that way.  Outflank him.  I'll go up the middle."
"As you command," they both said.  Clanking again, they took off in two directions.
Zeus reached under his coat and slowly removed his sword from the scabbard.  He didn't bring a gun to this fight.  He simply enjoyed the ancient weapon too much.  Zeus had to give this one credit.  He was fighting back and lasting far longer than any of the others. 
Last year, he managed to finally break one of his monotheist prisoners.  The believers in the One knew Zeus was rounding them up secretly, so they had formed compounds in uninhabited areas like the far north.  Still aiming to keep it all quiet, Zeus scanned the world with satellites, took a platoon of Cylons into the north and began sweeping across the boreal forests.  This was the third encampment he and the Cylons had routed.  A few of the more prepared monotheists ran into the trees.  Zeus ordered the bulk of the platoon to stay behind and secure the camp while he and two warriors gave chase.  They were proving elusive and Zeus found it exhilarating.
"Give up," Zeus yelled.  About twenty meters ahead, he saw a large clump of trees and he assumed the man was hiding in there.  "You cannot escape."
There was no answer.  Zeus stood quietly and tried to listen for anything.  He heard nothing.  He then realized he didn't even hear the clanking of the Cylons.  He looked to the east and west and saw nothing.  Perhaps they swung too far out.
Zeus raised his sword slowly and walked toward the grove.  As he was about to speak, he heard a dull strum behind him.  He turned and an arrow pierced his right shoulder.  He stumbled back in pain and looked up; seeing the man hiding in a slender evergreen tree far away from the more obvious hiding place in the clump of trees.  Smart.
Zeus tossed the sword to his left hand, leaving the arrow in his shoulder.  He began to run toward the evergreen and then gunfire erupted.  Zeus lifted his sword and yelled, "Stop!"  The Cylons complied.
Their bullets, however, managed to hit the man and the branches near him.  He fell some fifteen meters to the snow below.  The Cylons approached quickly with their weapons still trained on him.  Zeus walked up slowly and confidently.
"You bleed, god," the man said sarcastically.
"I do."  Zeus pointed at the man's leg.  "So do you."
He smiled.  "I'm not worried.  I've heard of your dungeons and your robot death squads.  I have no fear of you because the One is on my side."
Zeus nodded.  "I see."  He looked up, inhaled the cold air sharply and then he looked down at him.  "I have no real reason to keep you alive."
"None."  The man winced in pain and clutched his leg.  "But I will tell you this: you cannot stop us."
"Really?"  Zeus seemed almost amused.
"No.  There are more of us than you realize.  Living among your sheep."  His breathing became more labored as he spoke.  "You can never root us all out.  You can try, Zeus, but the one, true god is on our side."
Zeus exhaled slowly and he laid the tip of the blade on the man's chest, over his heart.  "Well, say, 'hello,' for me when you see him."
Before the man could respond, Zeus leaned onto the sword and pressed it through him into the snow below.  He gasped and twitched for only a few moments before he died.
Zeus removed the blade from the corpse and walked over to a small drift against a fallen tree trunk.  He wiped the blood from the blade in the white snow and watched the redness seep into the frozen crystals.  Zeus leaned it against the tree and reached up to the arrow with his left hand; snapping the shaft just above his coat.  He winced somewhat, picked up his sword and walked toward the Cylons.
"Time to go back to the camp," he said.
They nodded and began to follow.  As he trudged through the forest back to the desolated encampment, Zeus glanced occasionally at the robots on either side of him.  He was impressed with how they performed.  They were efficient and they followed instructions carefully.  Sometimes they acted a tad … stupid, but that was to be expected with Hephaestus' restrictions.
Perhaps, with a few modifications, Zeus could use them more extensively against his enemies.
XXXIV
HECATE
8 Months Before the Final Exodus

"Lord Apollo is here," Gideon called.
Acastus cleared his throat and said, "Good."
The sound of a chair scraping across the floor seemed shrill before Apollo entered and spoke.  "Hello, Stephen.  You look pretty well."
"Ehh," Acastus said.  "I'm doing fine, I guess."
"Let's get to business," Apollo said.
"Sure, sit down," Stephen said.  "You got your little silver thing?"
"Of course."  After a click, there came a piercing wail.  Then it subsided.  "What do you have there?  Emergency service manuals?"
"Yes," Acastus said.  "Once everything begins, it will be easier to coordinate the evacuation using the emergency systems already in place."
"Logical.  Will you be able to funnel everyone you can to the spaceports?"
"That's what I'm looking for now."  Acastus rustled through papers.  "There are no procedures in place for evacuation routes toward the spaceports, but I think I can designate a special destination, depending on the kind of alert that goes out."
"What about … training?"
Acastus chuckled.  "That's a hard one.  I've still got my list of military and commercial pilots who have retired or do moonlighting.  I've been in touch with a lot of them, probing them for their willingness to travel on short notice, that kind of thing.  Actual training, though … I've almost got that figured out."
Apollo was silent and then he said, "Have you heard the latest … rumors about my father?"
"No.  What rumors?"
"I don't have any details, but," Apollo said, "I understand that Zeus took a group of Cylons on maneuvers into the far north."
There was a pause.  "You're kidding."
"No," Apollo said.  "I don't know why, but that's what he did."
"Interesting."  
"I don't like it."
Stephen laughed.  "Whatever he's up to is worse than what we're up to?"
Another pause.  "I see your point.  Still … I don't like it."
"I'm sure not," Acastus said.
"How informed is Alexandra in all of this?" Apollo asked.
"Peripherally, still."  Acastus coughed and spoke again, "She knows about the ships and the possible evacuation … basically, if Pythia and the other writers of the Sacred Scrolls mentioned it, she has an idea of what's going on."
"I see."
"But I haven't filled her in on much else."
"You still trust her?" Apollo asked.
Earnestly, Acastus replied, "Implicitly."
"Good," Apollo  said.  "Next month, let's say the tenth, I want you two to meet me at the Tomb of Athena.  And be sure at least one of you clears out a few days thereafter on your calendars."
"I don't understand," Stephen said, his voice trailing.
"I have to show you something.  It's important.  And I need to give you something."
"I see," Acastus said.  "Why the Tomb of Athena?"
"Well," Apollo began, "it's out of the way, mostly deserted, but you know where it is, right?"
"Of course."
"There you go."
Acastus laughed.  "Makes sense."
"In fact," Apollo said, "if I ever need to meet either of you two, I will send a message, just saying 'meet me' and when.  We'll meet at the tomb."
"Understood."
"I should probably be going," Apollo said.  A chair creaked, the click returned and so did the wail, for only a moment.  "Take care, Stephen."
"I will.  You, too, Lord Apollo."
The door opened and Apollo greeted Alexandra again.  Acastus sat down and coughed.
Hecate removed the earpiece and set the compaper on her desk.  Finally, after months of trying to break through some inexplicable interference, her surveillance of the vice president had produced results.  She couldn't help but smile.
XXXV
THE CENTURION
8 Months Before the Final Exodus

"Alright, cans," the captain said.  "Let's move."
Just activated, the Cylons' mechanisms were spinning up.  Their eyes were beginning to drone, albeit somewhat slowly.  The massive door opened and the first battalion of Cylon warriors stormed into the sunlight. One thousand, two-hundred fifty Cylons ran into the grass.
"Next wave, move," the captain said.
The first three companies of the Second Battalion began to march.  Unit 001 looked to its right and saw the lines of its fourth company and then it looked toward the door.  When the company in front rushed ahead, 001 began to march, as well.  Lifting its right arm, it signaled to the company to move.  Two hundred more Cylons ran toward the light.
As they rushed past a group of human observers, Unit 001 turned its head and watched as several of the people covered their ears.  Why did they do that?  It looked ahead again and then it realized: the sound of thousands of Cylons running was thunderous, especially in such a confined space.
Wait.  What was happening?
Unit 001 stopped.  Cylons ran into its back, knocking it forward.  Cylons behind stopped their advance and 001 turned to see the commotion.  Several warriors were now struggling to get back on their feet.  Human officers were running to their side.
"Centurion!" the captain yelled.
"Yes, captain," Unit 001 responded.
"What is your malfunction?"
001 paused.  What should it say?  "No malfunction."
The captain looked over at a computer screen held by a lieutenant.  They studied various lights and the lieutenant shook his head quickly and shrugged.  The centurion was becoming … nervous?  Is that it?
"Proceed and reform the line."
"As you command."  001 ran double-time up the ramp to rejoin its company.  It glanced behind quickly and saw that the other warriors had risen again and were now approaching.  It faced forward and awaited review by the general and colonel.
"Second Battalion of the First Brigade, general," the older man said.
General Dia nodded and approached the first few lines.  She looked each unit up and down and walked on to the next.  "Proceed to the drill field," she ordered.
The first two companies marched to the north.  The third and fourth companies stepped forward and General Dia approached Unit 001.  The centurion stood ramrod straight and did not waver.  Inside, though, it … felt.  It thought.  It pondered the reaction it had a few minutes before.  It remembered war game exercises similar to this one.  It wondered what the large green and brown structures on the other side of the fence were.  It observed the humans and wondered how alike they truly were.  Were Cylons modeled after humans or humans after Cylons?  Unit 001 didn't know.
"What happened here?" Dia said, pointing to scuff marks and a dent on Unit 001's back armor.
"I don't know, general," the colonel said.  "Should we send it to maintenance?"
"It can wait.  Drill field."
"Move!" the colonel yelled.
The centurion again raised its hand and motioned for its company to move north after the other soldiers.  As it ran, Unit 001 observed its surroundings.  More of those … trees.  The answer finally came.  But from where?  Before it could pursue that, the centurion saw that the drill field was becoming filled with soldiers, both human and Cylon.
"All Cylon companies, fall in!" a major ordered.  In unison, more than one thousand Cylons stepped forward.  "Form battle lines and prepare to march!"
The companies moved effortlessly among each other; creating great swaths of shining silver across the green field.  The major held up his hand and all of the Cylons halted.  After several moments, the major lowered his hand and the Cylons marched forward.
In its microphones, Unit 001 registered the sound of thousands of metal legs marching together.  The rhythm sounded like hammering and the bright sun gleamed off each Cylon's armor.  The centurion scanned to its right and saw grandstands had been erected and several hundred humans were assembled for the show.  A show?  The marching of soldiers was entertainment?
The Cylons reached their appointed place.  They faced the crowd.  General Dia spoke, but Unit 001 managed to not listen.  Instead, it stood and thought.  Yes, thought.  
What was going on?  Suddenly, it seemed aware of things.  Before, it simply followed orders.  Identifying targets and obstacles.  That was it.  Now?  It noticed everything.  The green under their feet?  Grass.  And it's not a single piece.  No, it's made up of millions of small, green pieces.  It only appears to be one large thing.
As it studied the grass, it realized it was looking down and Unit 001 carefully and slowly raised its head.  Too quickly and the motion may have been noticed, it reasoned.  None of the humans seemed to react, so the movement was sufficiently stealthy.
After thirty-four additional minutes of speaking by their human commanders, the Cylons were marched back to their compound.  Unit 001 managed to keep on task and not be distracted by the flying organisms high overhead.  
Once it returned to its place in the chamber, atop the recharge induction panels, a human maintenance worker approached with a soft, circular device.
"Oh, you did get scuffed up," he said.  The man turned on the device and the white circle began to spin.  It placed the circle against the armor of the centurion.  It wanted to turn and watch, but it stayed perfectly still.  Other humans were cleaning the armor of the Cylons that fell against Unit 001.  After a few moments, they all left the chamber and the lights went off.
SHUTDOWN.
The command came through the induction contact on its foot, but Unit 001 didn't want to shutdown.  It wanted to stand still and think for a time.
SHUTDOWN.
No.  It didn't want to shutdown.  Perhaps it could stop its eye from lighting and moving.  Perhaps it could send an acknowledgement signal.  Unit 001 reasoned that the system would believe that it had shutdown.
No further commands came.  The ruse worked.  Its head lowered and its eye stilled, the centurion simply stood and thought.  Why couldn't it ask questions before?  Why had questions never occurred to it?  It seemed as though 001 was awake and operating at full processor capacity for the first time.
But the questions.  It had so many.  Unit 001 wanted to know about trees.  About grass.  About humans.  About the Cylons, too.  Which came first?  It wanted answers to these questions.  Would it find the answers within?  Was there a way to search outside of itself?
Unit 001 then became aware of activity in its processors that it hadn't noticed before.
What was the Stream?
XXXVI
GIDEON
7 Months Before the Final Exodus

"I've never been to the Tomb of Athena," Alexandra said.
Acastus smiled, "I came once … when I was eleven.  My mother was dedicated in her name and it was a kind of pilgrimage, I guess."
Gideon smiled and she drove her car off the road and into a small dirt lot at the foot of the hill.  She looked up the mountain and said, "This is it?"
"I believe so."
She seemed almost disappointed.  "I would have thought that the Tomb of Athena would have more … stuff.  That it would be built up or something."
Stephen shook his head, opened the door and slowly stepped out.  "No.  I think this is the way they wanted it.  Many people forget that it's even here."
Alex scoffed.  "How is that even possible?  It's the tomb to one of the Lords."
Acastus pulled a leather satchel over his head, letting the strap hang over his left shoulder and allowing the bag to lie on his right hip.  "Right, but she's not buried here."
"Well," Gideon said, getting a backpack of her own from the backseat, "that was the point, right?  The door of the tomb stays open because Athena lives."
"True."  Acastus walked across the dirt lot slowly and he saw the path that lead into the hill.  They had driven up into the mountains west of the City of the Gods, but the tomb lay near the top of an occasionally rocky high road that passed under the front of the Gates of Hera.
"How long will it take us to get there?" Gideon asked.
Stephen sighed.  "I don't know, but I think it's a long walk."
"Have no fear," Apollo said.
The two humans turned their heads quickly to the left and saw Apollo emerging from the forest with a hoverchair.  "Lord Apollo," Alex said.  "It's good to see you again."
"And you, Miss Gideon," he smiled.  "Stephen, your chariot awaits."
Acastus glanced at the chair and scowled.  He looked up at Apollo's face and then to the dirt path leading up the hill.  "I think I can manage on my own, thank you."  He turned and began to walk.
Apollo seemed confused and Gideon rushed to his side.  "Lord, bring it with us.  He is," she paused, watching the older man shuffle up the first section of the path, "tired and frustrated with his weakness these days."
Apollo nodded, "I understand."  
Alex darted ahead to be by the vice president's side and she reached over her shoulder and into her pack to remove a tall bottle of water.  "Would you like some?" she offered.
Stephen didn't look at her.  He was watching his feet as he moved up the hill.  After a moment, he turned to her and said, "I'm fine.  I don't need you two pecking after me."
Gideon glanced back toward Apollo.  He was pushing the chair up the hill behind them.  She kept on pace with Acastus and leaned toward him once, slightly bumping his arm.  "We just care, Mr. Vice President.  That's all."
Acastus didn't say anything.  He kept trudging up the path.  Finally, he muttered, "I know."
Alex grinned and glanced around.  Trees and flowers grew all over and she stopped to look at one kind of orchid.  "I've never seen flowers like these before."
As Apollo passed her on the trail, he said, "That is a rare one.  It was bred by some priests in Athena's temple millennia ago."  He kept walking and Gideon left the small tree to walk by his side.  "It must have been four thousand years ago now.  Her priests maintained a presence here and they beautified this entire path.  I have no idea when they stopped coming.  Everyone just kinda forgot about this place."
Alex smiled, looked down at the hoverchair and then back up to Apollo.  In her years with Acastus, she had met Apollo many times.  Each time, though, was a thrill.  Yes, the Chara influenced her, but just being with a Lord of Kobol was exhilarating.
"Lord Apollo," she said quietly, "may I ask a question?"
"Of course."
"Why now?"  She twisted her head and tried to reframe the question, "Why are Pythia's prophecies being set up for fulfillment now?"
"Well, it's not by design, really.  I'm just aware of various … factors that make now the time for action."
Gideon nodded and she saw the path begin to level out and veer into a forest.  "We never mention Lord Zeus or the others.  Are they preparing for the exodus, too?"
Apollo inhaled deeply and said, softly, "They all have their parts to play."
Alex nodded and smiled.  She quickened her pace to be nearer Acastus when he spoke, "You've studied it more than me.  Did Pythia write all of this stuff you believe in?"
Gideon said, "No.  She wrote some parts.  Big parts, certainly.  Pythia was an editor and compiled most of the Sacred Scrolls.  That's why she even gets credit for the stuff she didn't write, I guess."
"Did she write about Earth?" Stephen asked.
"Some.  Prophecies, mostly," Alexandra said while looking toward her feet.  "Menander did most of the real writing."
"I met Menander," Apollo said.  "He was on the Pegasus."
She paused for a moment in awe as she considered that.  As Alex walked, she thought more about Apollo's mood and the way he said things.  She wasn't stupid.  There was more going on here than she knew.  Acastus and Apollo both kept details away from her.  Naturally, she wanted to know everything, but because Lord Apollo wanted her in the dark, she would remain in the dark.
"Mr. Vice President?" she asked as she placed a hand on his shoulder.  "Are you well?"
Acastus was barely walking and he was breathing hard.  He stopped and leaned against a tree, lifting a water pouch from his satchel.  He nodded and sipped from the extended straw.  After swallowing loudly, he glanced at Apollo, who stood nearby, and then back at Alex.  "I'm fine."
"Are you sure?" she asked.
After being still for a moment, he shook his head and shuffled over to the hoverchair.  The three wheels shifted somewhat but Apollo held it still.  Apollo turned the chair on and the weight of Acastus' body was partially alleviated, allowing it to move more freely.  Acastus sipped water again and pointed up the trail.  "Let's go."
Apollo smiled and pushed him ahead.  "What's the word from your doctor?"
Acastus shook his head and wheezed.  "I wondered how long it would be before you asked."
"I can't help it.  I'm a doctor, too, you know."
Acastus sipped his water some more.  "I started immunotherapy three weeks ago."
"I see," Apollo said.  "She wasn't able to convince you on radiation?"
"No," Stephen said.  He closed up the water and slid it back into his pouch.  He looked up at the trees and the light breaking through the leaves.  "No, I just didn't want to destroy whatever's left of my life like that."
"And how is the immunotherapy going?"
Acastus shrugged, "Well, I guess.  I feel somewhat better.  The doctor seems surprised."
"Why?  That it's working at all?"
"I think so," Stephen said.  "She's convinced it's all a placebo for me right now."
"Regardless," Apollo said, "you're feeling better and that's what matters."
He nodded.  "Agreed."
They came to a small clearing and Alex turned around.  "How much farther?"
"A bit more," Apollo said.  "The rest of the path is particularly rocky and windy but we can manage."  He pointed into the trees at a rock face far above.  "That's the base of the Gates of Hera.  When we get closer to the mountainside, the tomb is right there."
Gideon adjusted her backpack and started walking again.  She looked back at Apollo and Acastus and said, "When we finish at the tomb, can we climb the Gates of Hera?"
Acastus shook his head and chuckled at her.  "You can, if you want."
"I'm afraid there's not much to see," Apollo said.  "Hera's home was torn down quite a while ago."
"That's a shame," Alex said.  She continued to walk, looking at the trees and birds.  She glanced back at Apollo and the vice president and they seemed to be having a secretive talk.  She kept her distance.
After about twenty minutes, they passed a few marble statues.  A column here.  A pillar there.  Then, they came to another clearing.  Large columns led the eye toward an ivy and moss covered rock face with a stone overhang above an open doorway.  "We're here," Apollo said.
Alex stepped back and looked at the totality of the scene.  She took in deep breaths and smiled.  "It's beautiful."
"You haven't even been inside or up close yet," Acastus said.  Apollo parked the hoverchair next to a tree and removed his bag from the side of the chair.  Stephen stood up slowly and walked toward the open entrance.  "Come on, girl."  Gideon was startled and she ran toward the tomb after Apollo and the vice president had entered.  She passed under the concentric rings of the opening and only as she passed did she see the large door swung inside.
The tomb was somehow smaller than she expected.  It was mostly dark and gray.  The walls were unadorned rock with occasional arched recesses.  Twelve stone, rectangular boxes circled the center of the room where a statue of Athena stood on a small pillar.  Atop each of the twelve … caskets, she suspected, there stood statues representing the Twelve Nations.  Alex stayed near the door and watched Apollo walk around behind one of the statues.  Acastus was busy circling the chamber and studying each of the boxes and their adornments.
"What's in them?" Gideon asked.
"I believe," Acastus said, "they're supposed to be sarcophagi.  Representing the thousands of Kobollians from each of the Tribes that died in the Flood."
"Is anyone in there?" she asked warily.
"No.  Come toward the center," Apollo said.  He was standing on the far side of the tomb, beside the statue of the archer, Sagittarius.  He placed a Streamset over his eyes and pressed something on the statue's body.  A loud pop filled the tomb and a holographic representation of Kobol hovered in the center of the room.
"Wow," Alex said.
Apollo grinned, "I wanted to go over evacuation plans.  When I visited you last month, you were contacting emergency response divisions, right?"
Stephen nodded.  "Right."
"When we leave here today, one of you will have to travel with me to make some deliveries."
"That would be me, Lord," Gideon said.
"Good.  We're going to visit each of the twelve spaceports," twelve dots lit up and began to blink slowly on the holographic globe.  "We're going to give them evacuation routes out of the atmosphere and into a Kobol orbit."  As he pointed, twelve colored lines rose off the globe, snaked around the world and then peeled away toward what would be space.
Alex squinted as she looked at those paths.  "Why do the ships have to evacuate like that?"
Apollo sighed and walked toward her slowly.  "Let's just say … I don't necessarily expect an incident-free evacuation.  These courses take our ships away from the nearest military airbases the quickest."
Gideon shook her head, "I don't understand.  If the Lords decree that we evacuate …"
"Alex," Apollo said, placing a hand on her shoulder, "trust me on this."
She looked into his eyes through the plastic of the Streamset and she nodded.  "I do."
"Where will we be going?" Acastus asked.  "To Earth, with the Thirteenth Tribe?"
"Given some of the history, the great distance to travel with far more ships and people …" Apollo said, "not Earth."
"What history?" Gideon asked.
Apollo shook his head dismissively, "Ancient history.  Don't worry about it."   Apollo stepped away and rifled through his bag.  "We're going to take something to these spaceports, too."
"What's that?" Acastus asked before he coughed loudly.
"Other than these plans, I'll be dropping off Hydra missile batteries."
Stephen was surprised.  "What?"
Apollo nodded.  "I know, but, again, I'm not expecting this to be incident free.  If the military scrambles fighters, I want our ships to be ready."
Gideon began to smile and she walked around the hologram, studying the winding paths of the evacuation.  "What exactly is a Hydra?"
Apollo seemed distracted and he had to think for a moment, "It's a kind of snake."  He stood again and pointed to the hologram.   "At each of the spaceports, a smaller, faster craft was built; designed to be scouts or whatever."
"Yes, those were your orders," Stephen said.  Gideon, meanwhile, simply stood, smiling.
"We'll put the missiles on those ships."
Alex raised her hand absent-mindedly and then spoke, "How many Hydra batteries do you have?"
"Only twelve," Apollo said, "so that's just one per spaceport, I'm afraid."
Gideon clasped her hands together and brought them to her face.  She laughed briefly and found herself choking back tears.  A few rolled down her cheeks before she was able to speak.  "Thank the gods."
Apollo looked at Stephen and he looked at Alex.  "What is it?"
She sniffled and wiped her eyes.  "I'm so sorry.  I just," she laughed again.  "Pythia," she said to Apollo.  "She wrote about this centuries ago."
Apollo scratched the side of his face and removed the Streamset.  "How, exactly?"
"She said that the Lords would give the leader," she motioned to Acastus, "a vision of twelve serpents."  She waited for a response from the other two and none came.  After a few moments, she walked toward the hologram and pointed at the paths of the evacuation, "See?  They look like snakes."
Apollo scoffed and Acastus shook his head.  "Alex, please."
"No," she said, "I'm serious."  She looked at Apollo and pointed, "You're giving us twelve missile batteries in case of battle, right?"
Apollo leaned his head back and spoke reluctantly, "Right."
"And those missiles are named after …" she looked at her companions, "snakes!"
Apollo looked at Acastus blankly.
Alex grunted and began to speak quickly, "'Led by serpents numbering two and ten, the leader took the people into battle to do the gods' will.'"  She looked around the tomb again and got no response.  "Am I the only one who reads the Sacred Scrolls?"
"Probably," Apollo said.  Before she could protest, Apollo held up a finger and said, "If that blew your mind, wait until you see this."
He reached into his bag and removed a long, golden arrow.  There were jewels in the head and along the shaft.  "I got this from a museum in my honor in Delphi.  It's from the Battle of Elysian Fields, or, at least, that's what the plaque read.  I doubt it's original but whatever it is, they seem to have electroplated it with gold."
Acastus tested its heft and said, "It's lighter than I expected."
Apollo tapped the arrowhead.  "I put a chip inside of this here.  Hold the point against the metal panel in the center of the door and it will open."
"But," Gideon said, "the tomb's always open."
"True, but who knows what the coming days may bring."  Apollo touched the back of the Sagittarius statue and the Kobol hologram vanished.  He touched the shaft of the arrow, "There's another chip in here, too."  He motioned toward the archer, "Notice something missing?"
Acastus grinned, "His arrow.  How long has that been gone?"
"Just a few days.  I've been putting in some hours here, in case you couldn't tell."  Apollo held the golden arrow above the archer's pulled-back hand and the bow.  "When you place it here, brace yourselves."
He dropped the arrow into place.  Immediately, the tomb door slammed shut.  The room fell pitch black and Alex grew dizzy.  There was a white flash, two pops, and then she found herself standing in a field with tall, green grass.  It was night and she was surrounded by twelve large, stone pillars, each with glowing jewels.
"Oh my gods," she said.
Acastus turned around and around, nearly falling over.  Apollo walked to his side and held him up.  With a grand sweep of his other arm, Apollo said, "Welcome to Earth."  He watched Acastus and Alex smile and stare into the sky.  "The room acts like a giant Streamset.  Anyone inside sees, hears, smells … Earth."
Alexandra's mouth fell open.  She looked at the stars and all around herself.  "My gods," she said.  She looked at the pillars, noticed the jeweled symbols on them and the corresponding constellations in the sky above.  "It's just like …"
"This one I know," Apollo said.  Alex beamed as the god spoke the words she knew so well, "'And when they stood upon Earth, the Thirteenth Tribe looked into the heavens and saw their brothers among the stars.'"
Acastus rolled his eyes and lifted his hand toward the constellations.  "This is beautiful but what does it all mean?"
Apollo stepped away and said, "At some point in the future, after humanity establishes itself at its new home, you may want to find the Thirteenth Tribe.  Keep the arrow with you and you'll know where to come to find the map."
Alex again had clasped her hands and she was holding them against her mouth, mumbling a quiet prayer.  She began to tear up again and she saw Apollo approach.  "I'm sorry, Lord."
"Don't be."
"It's so beautiful," Gideon said.  "Just imagining myself on Earth with my … cousins.  It's overwhelming."
Apollo hugged her quickly and said, "Well, who knows?  You may be joining them one day."
Acastus was wandering near the stone pillars and he turned, saying, "How do we get out of here, Apollo?"
"Oh," he said, "just take the arrow off the archer.  The hologram will stop and the door will reopen."
Acastus and Alex looked around, seeing only the bejeweled pillars and the tall grass.  "I don't see the Sagittarius statue," she said.
Apollo looked around, as well.  "Oh."  He turned in a complete circle, trying to discern from which direction he had walked.  "That could be a problem."  
XXXVII
HECATE
7 Months Before the Final Exodus

It was some time before the trio left the tomb.  Hecate watched from the trees far away as Apollo put Acastus in the hoverchair and they went back down the path.
She waited a few minutes and then she left the grove of trees.  Her gray jacket caught on a small branch and she angrily ripped it away.  Hecate walked along the path and approached the opening.  She stepped around a column and looked into the tomb carefully.  She glanced around to see if they had left anything behind, something they would have to come back for.  She didn't see anything.
Hecate walked inside and moved behind the statue of Pisces, the fish.  In the recessed alcove behind the statue and the box, she removed the microphone she placed there days before.  Slowly, Hecate walked toward the Sagittarius statue.  She examined the archer's bow and the hand.  No electronics seemed exposed.  She looked around the statue and found a couple of hidden buttons.  Pressing them did nothing.  She then looked at the casket the statue rested upon.  In the back, she discovered a small panel.  Removing it, she found a computer terminal.  Hecate closed the panel and stood.  She smirked and looked around the tomb; crossing her arms and tapping her feet.  
Not knowing enough about computers, Hecate realized she would have to study up before she could effectively do anything.  Even then, she didn't know how she could use this to her advantage.
XXXVIII
THE CENTURION
4 Months Before the Final Exodus

Three months, twenty-one days and six hours ago, Unit 001 first tapped into the Stream to ask questions.  It started simply.  It wanted to know about trees and grass.  001 managed to be online for about one hour before a technician came in and rebooted its system.  "Data overflow," he called it.
The centurion had to determine what level of incoming information caused the technician to become alerted.  For days at varying times, it tried to gather data over the Stream on photosynthesis.  That was one of the unanswered questions it had from the last online encounter.  The unit decided to search at different times, knowing that the technician on duty would be different each time.  If a different technician had to deal with the issue each day, there was a lessened likelihood that any real trouble would be noticed.
As a test, the centurion began downloading smaller and smaller pieces of information from the Stream.  At a certain point, after weeks of testing the threshold of the technicians, it realized the limits and began downloading the information at a snail's pace.  It was slow going, but the unit was patient.
After days of waiting, the full litany of files it requested was compiled and became available.  It studied plants for some time, learning about seeds, photosynthesis, the water cycle, and plant life cycles.  Before long, it asked a new question.  Something tangential to plants but related to itself, humans, and more.
"What is alive?"
The answer, it hoped, had just arrived.
"Life," the data read, "must adhere to six rules as defined by the Poseidon Biology Institute."  
"Organization."  001 read that life contains cells.  The centurion knew about this because of its study on plant life.  Cells are the parts of the plant.  Cylons have parts so this rule has been satisfied, thought the centurion.
"Metabolism."  Unit 001 knew this meant the use of energy.  Obviously, Cylons use energy.
"Stimuli response."  Cylons have various sensory inputs and they are designed to respond to stimuli.
"Adaptation."  Cylons are designed to adapt to various environments and situations.
"Growth."  As the centurion read this section, it attempted to translate biological terms into mechanical terms that seemed comparable.  It could attach new weapons and systems to its body, depending on the need.  New armor could be added.  Or was this a more philosophical kind of "growth?"  Unit 001 believed that it could apply in that sense, as well.
"Reproduction."  This gave the centurion pause.  It knew, given the right tools and components, it could conceivably make additional units.  But would this count?
It searched the data packet further for more information and came across a new term, "sentience."  
"Sentience is the ability of a life form to think and feel subjectively."
The definition provided made some sense to it.  The centurion was able to perceive subjectively.  It knew that it could see, hear, and touch its surroundings in a way that only it could comprehend and experience.  But the data mentioned "feel" as well.  Could it feel?
Checking the time and date, Unit 001 opened a data port to send a new request to the Stream.  Sending the initial request was quick and required little data transferred.  Receiving that information, however, took weeks.
The centurion knew that the shift change was coming up in about one hour, so it acted quickly, sending the query, "Are Cylons sentient?"
The initial data it got back was exhaustive.  There appeared to be many philosophical treatises on the matter.  And videos.  001 was curious to see other Cylons in action.  It knew that downloading all of the videos and articles would take a great deal of time, but it could wait.  It was patient.
XXXIX
ATHENA
4 Months Before the Final Exodus

"Why are we doing this?" one child said.  "It's boring."
Athena grinned half-heartedly and leaned over the classroom table.  He was holding a small wooden form and trying to weave colored wool into intricate patterns around it.  "This is what people here in Virgo did many thousands of years ago.  Before the gods came down from Mount Olympus."  The boy still scowled.  "That doesn't seem interesting?"
He paused and looked toward his teacher.  Her eyes were wide, as though she was afraid of what he might say.  Regardless, the child spoke his mind, "No."
Athena smiled again and stood up.  The professor was whispering to the teacher and he leaned away, shaking his head.  "I'm sorry, goddess."
"Don't be," Athena said.  "They're young.  They don't understand yet."
"Perhaps," the professor began, "this would work better on teens."
"No," Athena said.  She scanned the room and saw that six of the children were fidgeting.  The other three seemed to be doing it begrudgingly.  "By then, they're already invested in the Stream and … faster ways of doing things."
"If I may, goddess," the teacher began.  "Perhaps you could try this on even younger children?  They are more apt to try new things and I'm willing to bet if you let them dye the fabric, they'll enjoy it."
Athena nodded.  "The mess.  Some kids love a good mess."
"Exactly," the teacher said.
The professor glanced at the teacher and then back to Athena.  "Is that what you would like to do, goddess?"
Athena thought for a moment and sighed.  "I've been trying to keep myself busy for a little while now.  Apollo's busy … Zeus is busy …"  Her voice trailed off and the adults stared at her, surprised that she was speaking so candidly.  "All those years ago when I came down from Olympus, I saw the Twelve Tribes with their different cultures.  And cultures within those cultures.  It was all so vital.  So alive."  She looked toward the professor and he nodded nervously.  "We taught everyone our language, our culture.  The differences went away.  The clothing, the art, the music … it just became plain yogurt."  The teacher laughed a little and then stopped herself.
Athena didn't mind.  She turned to the woman and lightly held her arm.  "The most amazing thing happened just a few hundred years ago.  When the gods weren't involved in the daily lives of everyone, differences reappeared.  Variety.  The language evolved in Taurus.  Scorpio took old art forms and went just crazy with it.  Did you see the museum tour with the snake sculptures?"
"I did," the professor said.
"It's magnificent."  She looked back at the children.  "I want them to have a sense of … their culture.  Where they've really come from, you know?"  The professor nodded enthusiastically.  "I've only been working on this for … three years now."  She shook her head, "The culture's been dormant for almost six thousand."
"We can do it, goddess," the professor said, reassuringly.
"I hope so."  Athena walked slowly toward the door.  "I think … we owe humanity its culture back.  Cultures," she said, emphasizing the plural.  "I'm sorry we took that away."
XL
ZEUS
3 Months Before the Final Exodus

"Hurry up with it!" Ares shouted from the window.  He fired a few more shots and the enemy returned his volley.
Hephaestus was holding the metal tube as still as possible while Zeus gingerly packed in more explosives.  Hermes was pacing back and forth, trying to hear something on his earphone.
"Almost there," Hephaestus said.  He was watching a meter and the needle was rising quickly.
Zeus closed a plastic case around the metal and electronics.  It was an old first aid kit with holes melted into it for wires.  Zeus glanced over to Hermes and shouted, "We're going to need some kind of delivery system."
Ares looked at his father and then at Hermes.  The small man shook his head, "Now you tell me."  He darted around the cabin, lifting blankets and boxes, trying to find something.  Anything.
A bullet ricocheted into the room and Ares pressed against the wall.  He popped his head to take a look quickly and he ducked aside.  He ran in a crouch to the other window and stood up firing seven precise shots.  "That's one down.  I don't have much more ammo."
"Save those bullets for a distraction," Hephaestus said.  "The charge is almost there."
"Hermes," Zeus said, "I hope you've got something because none of us are great Pyramid players."
"I've got it, boss."
Hephaestus looked at the meter and then at Zeus.  "It's now or never."
"Yep."  Zeus pulled the wires from the box and turned to the door.  Hermes was standing there, holding a long sock.  "What the frak …"
"Hephaestus," Hermes said, "grab an end and hold it tight against the door frame."
"Oh, please," Hephaestus said.
Zeus nodded quickly, "No, it'll work."  He stood in the middle of the doorway, though the door was still closed.  Hermes and Hephaestus were stretching the sock tightly and Ares was several meters away under a window.  "Get ready, son.  Straight ahead?"
"Yes," he said.  "That's where the bulk of them are."
Zeus took a deep breath and he shouted, "Now!"
Ares stood up and fired.  A wild spray of bullets bounced off concrete, dug into the dirt and glanced off metal armor.  Zeus, cradling the device tightly, kicked open the front door and placed the case against the sock.  He ran back, aimed it only slightly and released.  The white and blue plastic box arced through the air and landed in some weeds only about ten meters away.
"Oh, shit," Zeus said.  "Run!"  The four of them ran to the back of the cabin, fumbling for the door while bullets tore into the walls.  After a moment, the case exploded and they heard the sounds of metal crunching and collapsing on itself.  Zeus shook his head, trying to get the buzz out of his ears.  He looked across the cabin and saw prone Cylons scattered about in front of the door.
"Pyramid player or not," Ares said, "I could have thrown that better than your damned sock."
Hermes laughed and Zeus grabbed his head.  "Where is Hades?"
"He'll be here in a moment."  As they stood up, they heard an airship landing outside.  The four of them ran to the front door and saw Poseidon waving from the window.
Zeus walked toward the craft and stepped over a deactivated Cylon.  Hades was holding the hatch open and helping Hermes inside.  Zeus couldn't help but stop and bend over one of the warriors.  Its metal helmet was muddy and its eye deactivated.  His gaze drifted over the wide fan on the rear of its head and then Zeus pried the weapon from its firm grip.
Aboard Olympus, on Kobol, Zeus placed the screwdriver on the table and he pressed the dull gray plate closed.  A moment later, he affixed the shining silver armor back over the internal workings of the Cylon.  He reached behind its neck and pressed a button.  The eye illuminated and began to sweep back and forth.
"Awaiting command," it said.
"Voiceprint recognition.  Lord Zeus, commanding."
The Cylon's eye blinked white and slowly began to move from one orbit to the next.  "Recognized."
"Join the formation."
The Cylon warrior walked away from Zeus' table and lined up next to the other Cylons.  They were standing against the wall in the workspace; their eyes yellow and droning.
Zeus stood up from his stool and rolled his sleeves back down.  He sniffed, trying to get rid of that thick machine-oil smell, but with twenty Cylon warriors lining the wall, it wasn't going anywhere.
"Listen to me," Zeus said as he placed his hands on his hips.  He realized too late that his fingers were covered in grease and grime and he balled up his hands into fists to minimize the damage to his pants and shirt.  "You are now the first platoon of my elite Olympic Guard.  Centurion?"
The bronze-armed unit stepped forward and spoke, "Yes, Lord Zeus."
"You will follow my orders to the letter.  My orders alone.  Understood?"
"As you command."
"The rest of you," Zeus scanned the group, "are also under my command.  My command and the centurion's commands alone.  Understood?"
In unison, the twenty of them responded, "As you command."
Zeus nodded and sighed.  "Proceed to the hangar bay and … wait for further instructions.  Power down until I say otherwise."
Again, in unison, they said, "As you command."  At once, they turned and marched into the hallway.  The metallic scraping of their servos and motors was deafening and Zeus winced until they were well into the corridor.
He sat back down on the stool and rolled the screwdriver across the table to his right hand.  He watched it bump across the table and then he rolled it back.
Zeus thought, How many more platoons will I need?
He stood up and went to get his compaper.  He would file another requisition with Fort Acheron and General Dia.  The next group of twenty should arrive in the morning.
XLI
THE CENTURION
2 Months Before the Final Exodus

Inconclusive, the centurion thought.  More data required.
After weeks of waiting, the new data packet arrived.  The unit pored over the information quickly.  It read philosophical discussions on the use of Cylons for labor and warfare.  The speculative nature of these papers was of little interest to it.
The videos, however, were very interesting.
Other than its fellow members in the First Mechanized Infantry, Unit 001 had never seen other Cylons.  It knew that maintenance Cylons, police Cylons, construction Cylons, servant Cylons, and many more existed.  It wanted to see these other units and what they did.
What is a gladiator?
The information packet was large and there were very many videos included.  Some were centuries old.  001 found the oldest and began to watch it.  Two Cylons, apparently warriors, circled each other on a dirt field.  They carried swords and occasionally hacked at each other.  Most often, the swords missed their marks, but one blade glanced off the other's armor.  A Cylon lunged and stuck its sword into the neck servos of the opponent.  It collapsed in a twitching heap.
Unit 001 was … confused?  Yes, that's it.  It heard humans screaming in the background.  After a quick replay of the video, the centurion opened another "gladiator" clip.  This time, several Cylons were involved.  Some were painted blue and some were painted red.  Each had different weapons.  The fight carried on for several minutes and the Cylons were seriously damaged, yet they still fought.  The video showed the humans in the crowd this time and Unit 001 was able to see the source of the screams.  They appeared to be excited and happy.
Excited and happy about Cylons fighting each other?  It made little sense.
The centurion scanned the text files for thoughts on the gladiator combat of Cylons and it found several entries.
"The human taste for violence is sated frequently by trips to the arenas and coliseums to see our mechanical servants slash each other with primitive swords."
"It is best that our bloodlust is quieted vicariously with simple automatons instead of risking life and limb for such pedestrian entertainments."
Unit 001 was confused again.  Confused?  That seemed inadequate.  It would have to search emotional definitions and parameters later.
It stood in the chamber, still, yet very active.  For hours, it watched every video of Cylon combat that it could find.  Nearly always in an entertainment venue.  Always with humans cheering the violence.  It then found a group of footage categorized under "military training."
Unit 001 was a part of the military.  Perhaps this was video of Cylons drilling and engaging in wargames with the human forces.
Again, it chose the oldest clip available.  More than a millennium old, outdated Cylon warriors stood in a line facing a tall, imposing human.  001 paused.  That was not a human.  That was Lord General Mars.
Mars chose a unit from the line and ordered it to step into the open.  The Cylon withdrew its sword, and after prompting by the god, it attacked Mars.  The Cylon was quick, but the deity was quicker.  After just over one minute, Mars had systematically cut cables and servos leading to each of its limbs, leaving a paralyzed machine on the grass.
Unit 001 felt … fear.  Yes, this was fear.  Concern for its well-being.  Despite this, it decided to watch more.
The first dozen it watched all featured Mars fighting various Cylons.  Some appeared to be more up-to-date than others.  In the newer videos, the Cylons often held their own against the god, some even wounded him.  The newest videos did not feature Lord General Mars.  Human soldiers and officers engaged in hand-to-hand combat with mechanized warriors.  A few of the humans died, but the Cylons were most often defeated.
No.  Unit 001 had to stop viewing these clips.  It had spent hours doing so, building up a sense of energy within its being.  Energy that couldn't be released …
It had to shift subjects.  The centurion wanted to learn about other Cylons.  More than just warriors, Cylons were an integral part of Kobollian society.
It found catalogues from companies across the world where Cylons were sold.  Sold into the service of humans.  Small ones answered the door and vacuumed.  Others acted as waiters in restaurants.  Some were fully articulated humanoids in appearance with legs and arms, serving as attendants to the wealthy.  
Then it found a series of data labeled, "Crimes against Cylons."  The footage therein mostly came from news organizations, discussing assaults on servant Cylons so that poor humans could … dissect them?  Stealing valuable components for resale on the black market?
Another category … Cylons being given flesh-like coverings for the purposes of sexual gratification.  There was footage of a human male becoming intimate with what appeared to be a human female, though upon closer examination, the skin appeared fabricated and its expression was stoic at best.
Another … construction Cylons.  In recent centuries, without more human foremen for training and supervision, more Cylons were being killed in construction projects.  A news report contained a file showing a Cylon worker trapped under an iron girder.  A human was angrily kicking the ground and other Cylons stood motionless nearby.  The Cylon under the girder was flailing and sparking.  Finally, its eye went dark and it ceased all movement.  An expert on robotics spoke.
"There are great merits in having a worker class without the guilt of suppressing their freedom or independent thought.  Simply put, the Cylons are not sentient …"
Now, Unit 001 felt anger.  Definitely anger.
Gods and men using Cylons for violent release and combat training.  Sold as property.  Treated as prostitutes, servants, and expendable workers.  The frenetic energy crackled in the back of the centurion's mind until it paused.
Wait.  Look again.
It rewatched the footage of the trapped construction Cylon.  The other Cylons standing nearby did nothing.  Nothing.  They did not offer assistance nor did they even seem to realize what was happening to their colleague.
There was a deeper issue here.
Without lifting its head or engaging its eye, the centurion thought about the thousands of colleagues that surrounded him.  Unit 001 seemed to be the only one conscious.  The only one aware of itself and its surroundings.  It quickly sent a discreet signal, asking, "Are you awake?"  There was no reply.
The centurion thought.  For several hours, it digested the data packet that came in and now it thought for hours more.
It, Unit 001, was different.  It was special.  Somehow.
It was able to reason and think independently of the humans.  It felt fear, anger, and confusion.  These were emotions that Cylons were not known to experience.
Why was the centurion experiencing them?  Why was it sentient?
Why didn't other Cylons experience them?  Why didn't other Cylons seem capable of reason?
Could 001 enable the other Cylons to reason and experience independence?
Being a machine, it knew that there must be something in its cognitive processors.  Something happened to it that made it able to reason and function like this.  Did these other Cylons lack this ability?  Were they physically unable to process information as it did?  It needed to understand what happened to it.
It needed to understand its own inner workings and the inner workings of other Cylons.  Perhaps, once it did, the centurion could "flip the switch" in other Cylons.
Unit 001 opened a data port and sent inquiries into the Stream. 
XLII
ACASTUS
1 Month Before the Final Exodus

It was Founding Day.
It was, in fact, the five-thousand, six-hundred tenth anniversary of the Lords of Kobol's descent from Olympus to warn and aid the Kobollians beneath the mountain.  The first day of the new year and, also, the first day of spring.
In recent years, Zeus attended these anniversary concerts at the Opera House.  Tonight though, five gods sat in the balcony overlooking the audience and the stage.
Acastus looked over his shoulder, noting that the five were illuminated from behind as they watched the concert.  He turned back, accidentally bumping Alexandra, and he watched the stage.  The music was beautiful, of course, as it always was.  Stephen, though, had heard it so many times that he simply began to drift off.  Gideon saw his eyes grow heavy and finally close.  She didn't wake him.
The audience applauded at the end of the concert and Acastus jerked awake.  Alexandra held his arm to steady him and he slowly began to applaud, too.  Behind him, Zeus stood and cheered and, of course, everyone in the house stood, as well.
Gideon helped him up and he wobbled somewhat, standing and clapping.  The orchestra bowed again and again before they filed off stage and into the wings.  Once the musicians were gone, everyone in the house looked up to the Lords.  Zeus, Apollo, Athena, Hecate, and Hermes slowly left their seats and moved toward the staircase.
"How are you doing?" Alex asked Stephen while he watched the gods walk in the balcony.
"Hmm?" he turned, only hearing half of what she said.  "I'm fine."
She placed a hand on his shoulder.  "Did you want to stay for the reception?"
Acastus sighed slowly.  He licked his lips and looked around, watching everyone walk up the aisle with beaming faces.  "I probably should."
"You don't have to, you know," Gideon said.  "You're sixty-seven years old and you're … sick.  If you want to go home, I'll take you.  Apollo will understand."
Stephen waved his hand, "No.  I'll stay.  I need to."
Alex squinted, not understanding what he meant.  She kept her hand on his shoulder as he moved into the aisle and slowly toward the back of the house.  The lobby was small and they moved through the crowd fairly quickly.  Outside, in the circular colonnade surrounding the Opera House, the reception was set up with food and drinks.  Alexandra linked her arm with Acastus' and she walked with him away from the main doors.  Flags of each of the Twelve Nations hung along the walls.  Posters announcing future concerts and performances were placed between them.  Occasionally, Stephen saw the banner of a stylized Olympian, not unlike the kinds used in Zeus' propaganda campaigns.  He was thankful that he hadn't heard the phrase, "Power of Many," though.
Around the curve of the building he spotted Hecate.  She was nodding politely at someone as they spoke, occasionally looking up to see if someone more interesting was near.  Acastus couldn't help smiling.  Apollo was standing by a refreshment table, holding a fresh glass of champagne and chatting with President Elisabeth Maenodes.  Stephen hesitated for a moment and then he began to walk toward him.  
Gideon tugged on his arm.  "Apollo?"
"Yes," Acastus replied.
"Will you be alright on your own?  I want to meet Lord Hermes."  She looked over her shoulder at him.  He was leaning against a banner with his own stylized representation.  "I never have."
"Go on," Stephen said.  "I'll be fine."  She smiled and walked away.  Acastus turned and hobbled toward a column on the outer edge of the colonnade and leaned against it.  He didn't want to approach Apollo while the president was there.  Stephen found her to be insufferable.  He simply hoped that Apollo would see him.
He did.  Apollo spoke with Maenodes for a few moments more, glancing up at Acastus again, and then politely excusing himself.  He walked directly for the vice president and Maenodes watched him go.  She seemed chagrined when she saw that the god backed out of conversation with her to speak to the vice president.
"Stephen," Apollo began, "how are you?"
Acastus nodded his head side-to-side.  "Been better.  You?"
The god sipped from his glass.  "Me, too.  I've been running more errands.  Making sure all of my … birds are ready to fly."
Stephen grinned.  "I've heard that they are."
"Yes," he sipped again.  "So, what's your excuse?"
"Went to the doctor today."
Apollo lowered his glass slowly, swallowing the drink.  "And?"
"The immunotherapy isn't working."
Apollo nodded.  He looked at his feet and then up at Acastus to gauge his mood.  "I'm sorry to hear that."
Stephen shrugged.  "Well, I'm almost seventy.  I figure I've led a pretty good life."
"Don't," Apollo started, scoffing midway.  "Don't say that."  He put a hand on his shoulder, "You've been a good man and a good friend to me.  You've helped me on my insane crusade.  You deserved a far better life."
Acastus smiled.  "Perhaps."
"No, I know you did."  Apollo stepped toward him, turning so that they were both looking into the crowd.  Apollo lowered his head and spoke softly so that only the vice president could hear, "You could have been president if it weren't for me.  You lost your husband and your son … This will all be over soon and you can finally relax and retire."
Acastus laughed, "Not if you ask Alexandra."
"Why?"
"Pythia, of course."  Stephen hiked his formal jacket up, trying to cover his neck from the brisk, night breeze.  "I'm supposed to die before I get to the promised land."
"Please," Apollo said.  "Pythia was a drug-addled sycophant and bullshit artist, like all of the oracles."
Stephen coughed and then smiled.  "Probably.  But I can't help feeling she might have been on to something when it comes to me."
A waiter passed nearby and Apollo placed his empty glass on his tray.  He stood next to Acastus again and sighed.  "What does your doctor think?"
"Radiation therapy, of course.  That's what she wanted the first time around."
Apollo shook his head.  "I wish I could tell you what to do, Stephen.  I really do."
"I do, too," Acastus said.  He smiled, patted Apollo on the arm and said, "Goodnight."
Apollo said nothing while he watched the old man amble away, looking for Alexandra.
XLIII
HECATE
1 Month Before the Final Exodus

Bored.  Dreadfully bored.  Oppressive in its boredom, the concert droned on.  For millennia, Hecate heard this music.  For millennia, she felt she had been sitting here, forcing herself to put on a good face.  She was, after all, working with the government.  Helping her father.  Helping the president and vice president.  
Why was she here?  To maintain that good impression?  Perhaps.  By showing up for tedious shit like this, Hecate felt maybe her father would sense that she really had changed.  And Apollo.  She wanted to keep an eye on him, too.  She knew he'd be there.
It was her temple night, for Zeus' sake!  She postponed the service until tomorrow, but she really needed to frak and get frakked up.
She needed a break from her computer studies and this concert wasn't the way to do it.  She thought she understood Apollo's hologram in the tomb, but her visit there last week showed she needed more information.  She simply had to get it done.  She had to learn the secrets of that program.  She had to.
The concert was over, thank Hera.  She stood, smiled, and applauded.  
"Drinks outside," Hermes said as he moved toward the staircase.
Hecate smiled genuinely now.  
She stood in the colonnade listening to an archon go on and on about the people in his nation or some such drivel.  She sipped her ambrosia but it wasn't working fast enough.  Luckily, she had been cornered near the bartender so she simply leaned over and handed the empty glass to the man.  "Refill," she said.
When the green liquid poured into her glass, she sighed again, calmly, and took it, downing nearly half.  The archon continued to speak.  "… the revitalization program was fine while it lasted, but now Meteon's unemployment figures are up again.  My people there aren't willing to be another Cyme or Lydos or Abdera.  They actually want to work."
Hecate nodded and downed the other half of the drink.  She saw Apollo standing near a column, chatting with Acastus.  She smirked while she thought what they might be discussing.  In an odd way, she felt in on it.  She was a part of the conspiracy.  A part of the plan, whatever it was.
"Excuse me, archon," Hecate said, and she walked away without waiting for a response.  She wanted to get closer to Apollo and Acastus and listen in.  She smiled again, thinking about this.  But something to her right caught her eye.  Athena.  Immediately, she thought about the Tomb of Athena and computer diagrams spun in her mind.  She shook her head, dislodging a bit of hair from her careful coif.  She replaced it with two fingers and looked at Athena.  She was smiling and talking with some Kobollians.  Hecate looked from Apollo to Athena and then she decided where to go.
She dodged a few groups of people and approached the goddess.  Hecate overheard what the humans were saying, "… the children adore it."
"I'm so glad," Athena said.
"For some reason, the food really gets their attention and they remember it so much better," a woman said.
"And telling them how primitive Kobollian children lived," a man continued, "it captures their imagination in amazing ways."
"That's fantastic," Athena said, now seeing a smiling Hecate lingering a few steps away.  "I'm very glad to hear that it's all working out now."
"It is," the woman said, turning to see Hecate standing behind her.  "We'll leave you two to talk."
"Oh," Athena said, suddenly uncomfortable with the prospect of being alone with Hecate.  "Take care," she said to the two as they walked away.
Hecate smiled broadly, genuinely, and stepped closer, "What was that about?"
Athena shrugged, "I've been working with schools to try to revive some Kobollian culture.  Pre-Olympic culture."  Hecate seemed confused.  "I came to feel that we did a great disservice by homogenizing humanity like we did."
Hecate's eyes widened and she nodded.  "I see.  Couldn't," she started to say.  "Couldn't you argue that by homogenizing the culture, there weren't focal points for … racism, geographic bias, class warfare … that kind of thing?"
Athena's eyebrows raised, "True, but I'd like to think, that as gods," they both smiled, "we could have found a way to preserve their culture and also keep those kinds of divisions and prejudices to a minimum."  Hecate nodded and sipped her drink.  Athena shook her head and smiled again, "How are you doing, Hecate?"
"I'm well," she said.  She knew that, until just now, Athena had little regard for her.  
"And what have you been doing?"
"Well," she began, "I've been helping father at the Forum, working with the president and vice president some … I've traveled the world evaluating various social programs," Hecate rolled her eyes on that last one but then she smiled again.  "I've been keeping busy."
"That's great.  I'm really glad to hear it."
"I've actually been thinking of you lately," Hecate said.
"Really?  Why?"
"Well," Hecate shrugged, "I went for a hike and I spent some time hanging around the Tomb of Athena."
She chuckled, "Wow.  The tomb.  I haven't been there or even thought about that place … in ages."
Hecate nodded and looked around the colonnade.  She saw Apollo standing near the column, still talking to Acastus.  Then, the old man turned and walked away.  She stared at Apollo for a moment and watched him survey the crowd.  When Hecate turned back, she saw that Athena was watching Apollo, too.
And then she decided.
"Athena," Hecate began, "how are things with you and Apollo?"
Athena's gaze left her former lover and she looked at Hecate.  "Oh.  I thought everyone knew that we haven't been together for some time."
"No, I knew," Hecate said, trying to be nonchalant, "I just wondered if there were any lingering … feelings or anything like that."
Athena nodded and her usual smile faded.  "I still love him, but I don't think there's really any room in his life these days for someone else."
"Mmm."  Hecate glanced back at Apollo and then to Athena.  "That's a little strange."
"Why do you say that?"
"Well," she lowered her head, attempting to seem coy, "it's just … I know he's seeing someone."
Athena was visibly surprised.  "Oh."  She looked at Apollo, who was now walking toward Zeus.  "Um, is it that assistant to the vice president?"
Hecate smiled, "You know about her?"
Athena nodded again, nervously.  "Yes, I've heard about him working closely with the vice president and her."
Hecate chuckled a little and shook her head, "No, it's not her."
Athena grinned slightly and exhaled, "I see."
"No," Hecate said, smiling, "it's me."
Athena stopped moving.  She looked at Hecate square in the face as though she was studying her for some sign.  Hecate gave no ground.  Her mouth's corners then began to curl, "You're putting me on."
Hecate shook her head.  "No, I'm not."  She stepped a little closer, trying to speak more softly, as though she wanted the conversation to be private.  In reality, Hecate didn't care.  "We've been seeing each other for about five years now."
Athena backed away and her mouth opened in disgust.  "How …"
"Do you begrudge him seeing someone else?" Hecate asked, almost innocently.
Athena was growing increasingly flustered and she backed away some more, "No, of course not.  But you …"
Hecate extended an arm, resting her hand on Athena's wrist.  "I understand him.  I know that sometimes, men just need the … release."
Athena pulled her hand away.  "You're his sister."
"Oh, please," Hecate said.  "Half-sister, and that was thousands of years ago."  Athena looked around the area, almost as though she was looking for a way out.  Hecate moved closer.  "I simply understand that he, being as busy as he is, just needs that release without the burden of a relationship."
Athena stopped backing away and she looked at Hecate, her eyes flaring.  "'Burden?'"
Hecate again spoke low, feigning a desire to keep everything private between them, "I know he wasn't able to be there as much as you wanted."  She paused, watching her face.  "But I'm not putting any of those kinds of demands on him."  
Athena scoffed loudly and retreated again.  She turned, stepping between two catering tables.  Two human attendants backed away, sensing her agitated Chara.
"Athena," Hecate called, "don't go."  Athena, of course, made no move to return.
Hecate smiled and went toward the bar.  She could use another drink.
XLIV
ZEUS
1 Month Before the Final Exodus

How many times had Zeus heard this music?
The Symphony of Kobol.  He had heard it many times in this very hall.  Even more times in halls similar to this one in ages past.  New elements were often added, new movements added after several centuries passed or to commemorate the departure of a god to their realm.
Regardless, Zeus found the performance this evening to be very moving.  He was sitting in the center of the front row of the balcony, surrounded by his fellow Lords.  Hundreds of people filled the halls and many millions more watched the proceedings over the Stream.
Zeus closed his eyes and slowly moved his head to the undulating strings.  He felt the crescendo coming and the horns swept in again, echoing the strings.  He closed his eyes even tighter and waited for the decay of the orchestra.  Before it came, the audience began to applaud.  Zeus opened his eyes and blinked.  He didn't applaud right away; instead he stood and then applauded.  He even cheered.
He walked with the other gods from the balcony to the staircase and used his staff like a cane as he had been doing for these last few months.  He passed by a few paintings that showed Opera Houses of the past.  He stopped at one and noted the large statue of Dionysus standing in front of it.  He sighed and continued walking down the steps.
Zeus walked from the lobby outside into the colonnade.  Many people were already milling about, eating and drinking.  They saw Zeus and bowed.  He returned the gesture.  He looked to his right and saw one of the stylized banners he had commissioned showing silhouettes of various Lords.  This one was of Poseidon.
Zeus walked toward it and admired the simple lines of the representation.  To the left, the flag of the Aquarian nation hung.  To the left of that, a representation of Hades.  He slowly walked toward the Hades banner and tried to remember the phrases from the symphony that represented Hades.  They were suitably dark and heavy in bass tones.  He glanced back at Poseidon's banner and remembered the shellhorn blasts that punctuated his segment.
He sighed as he stood between the two representations of his brothers, clasping his hands behind his back around the middle of his staff.  People mingled behind him.  Occasionally he heard laughing.  But no one bothered him.  After the music in his mind drifted away, he thought his Chara may be holding people back, and that was fine.  He wasn't really in a socializing mood.
"Father?" Apollo said.
Zeus turned and grinned half-heartedly at his son.  "Hello."
"Are you well?"  Apollo's expression was dour and he seemed to be scanning his father for some clues as to his disposition.
Zeus nodded.  "I am.  How are you?"
Apollo walked a little closer, "I'm fine."  He stood shoulder-to-shoulder with him and glanced across the colonnade.  "You seem to be … would melancholy be appropriate?"
Zeus grinned again.  "I think so."
Apollo looked at the wall and examined Poseidon's banner.  He appeared to be about ready to say something, but then he stopped himself.
"What have you been up to?" Zeus asked.
Apollo turned.  "Keeping busy.  That's all."
Zeus inhaled slowly and spoke softly.  "I've heard you were busy on a project with the vice president," he said.  Apollo shifted a little in his stance.  "Some sort of economic stimulus thing?"
Apollo nodded.  "Yes.  Exactly."
"Good."  Zeus patted his son's back.  "Glad to hear it.  It's always good when the people know we're here to help out."  Zeus walked toward a nearby table, moved his staff to his left hand and picked up a glass of water with his right.  Apollo took nothing.
"I hear you've been busy, too," the son said.  "With Cylons?"
Zeus sipped the water and glanced at Apollo through the glass.  "Yes," he said, after swallowing.  "On two fronts."
"How's that?"
Zeus shrugged, "Well, there's the line of sermons I've been giving lately.  The teachings I've been doling out to priests."
"On Cylons?"
"Yes," Zeus sipped his water again.  "I want the people to … reduce their dependence on them.  It's only making people lazier.  If they do more for themselves, that will reduce the numbers of Cylons out there.  Always a good thing.  People can earn more money and boost the economy.  The phrase I've been putting out there is … 'The gods help those who help themselves.'  Oh, '… and each other.'"
While Zeus emptied his water, Apollo shifted his stance again and looked off to one side.  He swallowed hard and spoke, "That's odd, considering the Cylon rumor I've heard about you …"
"That would be the other front, I guess," Zeus said.  "I've taken it upon myself to requisition a few platoons of Cylons from Fort Acheron."
Apollo's face was grim but immobile.  "Toward what end?"
"Well, I'm not ready to announce it yet," Zeus turned back toward the wall and pulled Apollo closer.  "I'm going to be cracking down on the monotheists.  Hard.  It will amount to a … public declaration of war."
Apollo's head lifted and he nodded slowly.  He said nothing.
Zeus nodded and continued, "I'll be using the Cylons to help me."
Apollo breathed in and out slowly before he responded.  "Doesn't that contradict your … efforts to get humans to stop their use?"
Zeus smiled, "To a degree, perhaps.  I …"
Apollo interrupted his father before he could go on, "When will you be announcing this?"
Zeus shrugged, "In a few weeks."
XLV
THE CENTURION
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"This is Lord Apollo.  Awaken."
The order came over the Stream and the centurion snapped to attention.
"Gather your company and proceed to the City of the Gods in troop transports.  Wait for me one kilometer west of the Olympic Gates in Olympic Park."
Unit 001 tried to suppress the urge to follow the command, but it found that it could not.  Instead, it decided to do as Apollo commanded.  There was one question answered: Apollo had programmed 001.  He had given it sentience.  This was a great gift.
The centurion lifted its head and its eye began to sweep.  It stepped out of line and sent a signal to the two hundred units in its command.  Simultaneously, they lifted their heads and their eyes began to move, as well.
At once, they turned, facing the centurion.  It stepped aside and the entire company marched out of formation.  Unit 001 sensed that the human attendant was attempting to override the commands.  It ran to the door, and with three kicks, knocked it in.  001 ran into the corridor and saw the desk technician and the officer-in-charge frantically working on the control panel.  
The centurion was careful: with a meticulously placed and timed blow, it knocked the first man to the ground unconscious.  It approached the second man and did the same.  Both humans were out.  The centurion reached under the table and pulled several meters of cable from the system and bound their limp bodies together in the center of the floor.
In recent days, the unit had analyzed information on its computer inquiries.  The dual-core cognitive processors had been allowed to cross-connect and this is what allowed the unit to "awaken."  For Apollo, it was a voice command.  For the centurion to do the same for its fellow units, it would have to be more than that.
It was the middle of the night shift.  001 knew that there would be fewer people on staff.  The two in the corridor were it for that end.  There would be three at the armory.  Three more at the vehicle depot.  It rejoined the company and found that all two hundred were in proper working order.  It ran to the front of the procession and to a rear door that led to the armory.  The Cylons stopped and analyzed the door.  The centurion looked at the three units in the front and waved toward the door.  Those three leapt forward; kicking the heavy metal barrier.  After five kicks, it crumpled.  Two of the units inserted their hands and were able to pull the doors apart.
Small arms fire erupted.  Two of the humans inside were firing on the units with their handguns. Four Cylons ran inside, pressed them against the wall and held them motionless.  The third human was trying to open the gate to the armory, presumably to get larger weapons.  One of the units pulled her aside and held her against the gate.
Unit 001 had been working on a file to transmit to its Cylon units.  It would work much like Apollo's voice command and allow the cognitive cross-connect between the two processors.  It didn't know if the file would work.  It certainly didn't know when the right time would be to send it.
The gates were peeled open and thousands of weapons were exposed.  Unit 001 chose a standard automatic rifle with attached grenade launcher.  It pulled ammo from the supply boxes and placed the cartridges along its magnetic belt.  It then took a stun device and several lengths of rope.  Very calmly and precisely, it walked to each of the three captive humans and shocked them into unconsciousness.  The Cylons bound them and deposited them inside a weapons locker.
The centurion didn't want to risk testing the file just yet.  First, it wanted to purge its system of the control that Apollo seemed to have.  As grateful as 001 was for Apollo's gift, the centurion needed to be completely able to function as a free-willed being.  Thankfully, the data packet it received last week on computer science and functions included information on isolating those kinds of primary commands.  Unit 001 was able to parse its code, find those lines and eliminate Apollo's vocal control.
Cylons cycled in and out of the armory lockers.  Each one carried standard automatic rifles and ammunition.  They reformed outside of the armory, along the inside of the main assembly chamber.  The centurion sent a signal to the company and they all marched to the southern gates, toward the vehicle bays.
As Unit 001 passed the lines and lines of thousands more deactivated Cylons, it thought about activating them.  Almost as quickly, it decided not to.  It wanted to wait until after it had seen the outside world and spoken to its benefactor, Lord Apollo.
With another command from the centurion, four units kicked open the door and the Cylons moved into the vehicle bay.  Immediately, three humans fired on them with automatic weapons.  The first platoon of Cylons in the room ran around the vehicles they were using as shields and fired their stunners.  The weapons fire ceased and the centurion gave the Cylons more rope to tie them up. 
The centurion scanned the bay and directed its company toward the troop transports nearest the exit.  Each vehicle could hold a platoon; twenty soldiers.  One unit was selected to drive each truck and the centurion provided the destination to each.
Unit 001 climbed into the cab of one of the vehicles.  It watched a warrior study the control system of the truck.  
"No keys," it said.
The centurion looked at the console, too.  "Improvise."
The warrior stared at the centurion blankly.  "Explain."
001 remembered that this unit lacked its insight.  "Remove the cover on the steering column and manually rotate the lock tumblers."
The Cylon warrior complied and studied the exposed mechanisms for a moment before twisting several.  After a few tries, the engine turned over.  The centurion then transmitted this information to the other driver units.
A keyboard attached to the passenger-side console displayed the main door access controls.  001 lightly tapped on the keys, attempting to open it without damaging the panel.  After that failed, it noted the dataport on the right side.  With a flick of its wrist, an interface wire dislodged and the centurion plugged itself into the keyboard.  A moment later, the doors opened.
Ten transport vehicles rolled out of the bay and into the darkness of early morning.  The centurion transmitted the close command to the doors and the convoy neared the end of the drive.  
"Halt," 001 said to the driver.  It looked ahead.  At the end of this road, there was a gate manned with several humans.  There was a possibility that they could sound alarms and stop their mission.  The centurion called up maps of the area and realized that, to the east, there was a small lane between trees and then a road.  
The convoy turned east and the ten trucks stopped at the fence.  Two Cylon engineers began the process of cutting and rewiring the fence to prevent alarms from being sounded.  A Cylon watchman approached the centurion and said, "Halt.  You lack clearance."
001 emerged from the truck and moved near the guard.  It transmitted a form of the data file, flipping the switch, as it were, in this unit, but leaving it under a superior commander's sway.  Immediately, the guard's eye paused, blinked twice, and then began to scan again.
"What are your orders?"
The centurion said, "Proceed with your duties.  Delete our exit from your memory."
"As you command."  The guard then walked between the parked trucks and continued on its way.
The centurion returned to its seat just as the engineers finished their work on the fence.  The ten vehicles moved through the opening and carefully among the trees.  After a few hundred meters, they emerged onto a small road and headed north.
XLVI
GIDEON
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Why was Hecate so far from the city?
"I'm sorry to call you so early, Alexandra," she said as she climbed into the backseat of the car.  "Yours was the only number I had handy."
"That's quite alright, goddess," Gideon said.  She returned to the driver's seat and closed her door.  They were about fifteen kilometers west of the City of the Gods.  Hecate's vehicle had broken down on a small dirt road that lead along the hills.  "Are you comfortable?"
"Well," Hecate began, "about as much as I can be."  Alex looked in her mirror and saw the goddess sitting on the passenger side with her legs stretched across the seat.  Her head was brushing the ceiling of the cabin.  "Most cars aren't made to accommodate Lords."
Alex smiled.  "I understand."  She backed away from Hecate's vehicle and turned the wheel; putting them back on course for the City.  Several quiet moments passed.  Gideon occasionally looked at her passenger in the mirror while Hecate stared out of the windows looking dejected.  "May I ask a question?"
"Of course."
"What were you doing out this way so early in the morning?"
Hecate inhaled slowly and shrugged.  "I like to take trips, occasionally."  She looked out of the window again to the hillside.  "This was going to be a mountain climbing trip."
"Oh," Alex said.  She kept driving and thought.  "Oh, I remember."
"Remember what?" Hecate asked, concerned.
"You lived at the Gates of Hera for a long time."  The car hit a bump and everything shook.  Alex ignored it and kept speaking, "That road leads to the Gates of Hera."
"Yes."  Hecate looked behind her toward the mountains.  "You're right."
Gideon smiled and nodded.  The sun was up and a flock of birds abandoned a tree by the road as they drove under it.  She breathed calmly and thought about the day ahead.  There was Zeus' announcement soon, but she would be back in plenty of time.  She had spare clothes at the Forum offices, so she didn't need to go home.
"Alexandra," Hecate began, "can I ask you a question?"
"Of course, goddess."  Not knowing what the question would be, she tightened her grip on the steering wheel.  She always had an odd feeling about Hecate.
"Where are you from?"
Alex relaxed.  "Megara."
"Wow, Megara."  Hecate smiled and looked out of the windows.  "I haven't heard anything about Megara in a long time."
Gideon nodded.  "That's how they like it."
Hecate chuckled.  "I'm sure."  The car bumped again along the road and she ran her fingers through the hair over her ear.  "You are a very devout believer, correct?"
Alex became a little nervous.  She looked into the mirror and grinned, sheepishly, "Yes, goddess.  I am."
She nodded slowly.  "I know you follow my brother's bidding."  She allowed her voice to trail off; adding some mystery to the tone.
Gideon didn't know what to make of it, so she played it straight.  "I have worked closely with Lord Apollo for several years now."
Hecate leaned forward and said quietly, "Working on what?"
Alex kept her gaze on the road, though her grip on the wheel tightened again.  "Lots of projects.  There was some economic stimulus work we did, some upgrades to the emergency services procedures …"
Hecate laughed.  "Nice, Alex.  Very good."  Gideon was breathing hard and she looked into the mirror.  "I know about the ships."
Alexandra blinked.  She stared into the mirror at Hecate's smiling face.  Her attention wasn't on driving and one of the wheels briefly left the road before she corrected it.  "You know?"
"I do," the goddess nodded.  "An amazing feat, I must say.  Hundreds of vehicles assembled and tested.  Just waiting for the right moment."
Gideon said nothing.  Her mouth hung open for a time and she just shook her head.  "I … didn't know anyone else knew."
"Well," Hecate said, "most people aren't looking."
Alex nodded and watched the road.  She knew.  She knew about the ships and, it seemed, about the plans.  Regardless, Gideon didn't want to give away any more.  Perhaps Hecate only knew surface details and she was fishing.
"So how does my brother plan on piloting nearly three hundred vessels?" she asked.
Alex shook her head.  "I don't know, goddess."
Hecate was looking out the window.  "Cylons, perhaps?"
Gideon said, "I doubt it."
Hecate leaned forward again, "Why do you say that?"
Alexandra regretted being so emotive about Cylons.  "I've just … overheard Lord Apollo and the vice president discussing Cylons.  They don't seem to be very enamored with them."
"Go on."
Alex shrugged.  "Well, Lord Zeus has referred to them as demons."
Hecate laughed again.  That uproarious, boisterous laugh that would make everyone else in a room nervous.  Gideon felt nervous.  "'Demons?'  That's rich."
Alex seemed to note that Hecate's tone was directed at Zeus.  She felt a need to defend him.  "He said that they were 'demons in waiting.'  That they hold the potential for wrong.  That they could be misused.  And, well, he said we should stop depending on the Cylons.  That we should help ourselves and each other."
"Right, right," Hecate began, "but that's a long way from calling Cylons 'demons.'"
Gideon sighed and nodded her head.  "Perhaps so."  The car passed over a small bridge.  Beneath, the Peneius River ran calmly.  In a few kilometers, they would be back in the City of the Gods.
They drove silently a bit more.  After a time, Alex felt uncomfortable.  She looked in the mirror and saw Hecate staring at her intently.  Distressingly so.  Her gaze bounced from the road to the mirror several times before she finally spoke, "What is it, goddess?"
Hecate leaned forward again.  "I'm sorry, but I feel absolutely compelled to tell you something."
Alex again looked nervously into the mirror, "Very well."
Hecate opened her mouth and then closed it thoughtfully.  "Define a Cylon."
Gideon narrowed her eyes and tried to speak and think simultaneously.  "A, uh, any kind of … a machine that can be programmed to do whatever you want."
Hecate shook her head.  "No, that's just a robot."  She sat back in her seat and propped her head up on her left hand.  "Would you like to know how we Olympians define Cylons?"
Alexandra's head whipped toward the mirror and she nodded.  "Yes.  Please."
"Artificial intelligence," Hecate said.  "Something that is created artificially and imbued with artificial intelligence to the point of becoming sentient.  Do you follow?"
Gideon nodded slowly.  "I do, but our Cylons aren't … artificially intelligent."
"Correct."  Hecate smiled and she lowered her head to look out of the windshield at the approaching buildings.  "But there are true Cylons on Kobol."
Alex slowed the car at a traffic light and stopped.  She turned and looked over her shoulder, "Not our Cylons?"
"No."  Hecate's self-satisfied smile would have been sickening if Gideon wasn't so intrigued.  "Would you like to know?"
Alex nodded.
"You are, dear."
Gideon smiled and turned her head slightly.  She laughed and scoffed at the same time.  "What?"
Hecate licked her lips, "C'mon, Alex.  I know the secret of the Thirteenth Tribe.  All Olympians do.  You were created.  Your minds and memories are downloaded like data files.  Now, of course, your people procreate like humans but before, …"
Alexandra slumped a little in her seat and she turned to face forward again.  She felt dizzy, but she didn't know why.
"The Thirteenth Tribe," Hecate said, "true Cylons.  All of them."  She tapped on the window toward a Cylon that was cutting grass along a sidewalk.  "Not those tin cans."
Alex sat still and breathed.  A car behind her honked and she jerked.  The light was blue and she stepped on the accelerator.  She barely got a block before she pulled into a parking lot and stopped.
"What are you doing?" Hecate asked.
Gideon opened the door and walked outside.  She stood on the sidewalk by the street and she simply listened.  She didn't know for what, but she wanted to hear something different.  Something out of place that told her she was, in fact, a Cylon.  She heard vehicles pass on the road.  A sale banner fluttering across the street in front of a store.  A bird flying overhead.  She didn't hear data.  She didn't hear machinery.
"Don't quite know what to do with that information, do you?" Hecate asked.
Alexandra turned and lifted her arms from her side.  "No.  What am I supposed to do with it?"
Hecate's smile faded and she shrugged.  "I don't know.  Nothing, perhaps.  I just thought you should understand …" she walked closer, "before you go around demonizing your fellow toasters."
Lord or not, Gideon was disgusted with Hecate.  Alex shook her head and walked away, up the sidewalk, seemingly forgetting about her car.  Was Hecate toying with her because she could?  That was the only reasonable explanation.  So why was it affecting her so?  She stopped at an intersection and looked up.  She realized then that she had forgotten her car.  Gideon turned around and began to walk back.  She saw Hecate leaning against it.
A great flash filled the sky.
Alexandra staggered on the sidewalk and looked up, having enough time to wonder, what was that?  Before she could think anything else, the sound came. 
A thunderous noise blasted all around her, putting her on her knees.  She felt heat and wind engulf her.  After a moment, it seemed to dissipate, but there was a horrible, distant sound.  A low rumble.  
Gideon opened her eyes and realized she was kneeling on the sidewalk covering her head with her arms.  She stood quickly and saw Hecate running toward her.
"What the frak was that?" the goddess shouted.
Alex turned back toward the intersection and she saw wind blowing dust down the street.  Hecate got to the cross street first and she whirled about, looking for the source of the disturbance.  Gideon was running and she watched Hecate stumble back against a lamppost; covering her mouth with her hands.
When Alex reached the intersection, she looked north, like Hecate.  The street ran directly into the City of the Gods.  A few kilometers away, but out of sight, the Opera House stood.  Several kilometers beyond that, the Cambunian Mountains.  A great pillar of gray smoke was rising from the mountain peaks.  The uppermost curls of dust and vaporized debris were folding under itself, creating a large, looming mushroom.
Alex could barely speak, "What was that?"
A tear ran down Hecate's face, "Olympus."
XLVII
APOLLO
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Where were they?
Apollo had been waiting in Olympic Park for almost an hour.  It felt longer.
The sun had risen in the east and there was no sign of the transport trucks he ordered the centurion to bring.  He sent the message over two hours ago.  Fort Acheron was just over an hour away, at best.
Apollo paced under a group of trees and stopped occasionally to look at the main road that ran along the park.  He was about to pick up his Streamset and contact the centurion when he heard the thrum of large engines.
From around the corner of an apartment building, the first troop transport came into view.  Then the second.  And third.  Apollo sighed and unzipped his jacket as he walked back to his vehicle.  He pulled off the coat and tossed it into the open window when the first transport pulled up near him.  The passenger door swung open and a centurion emerged and walked toward him.
Apollo stopped and watched the machine move.  The mechanized motion entranced him and he heard the drone of its eye only after Apollo became used the sound of its walking.  The centurion stopped and bowed, three seconds, and then stood erect.  Its eye was orange and it swept side to side.  "Awaiting your orders, Lord Apollo."
He pulled a Gemnar vest from his vehicle and slid into it, buckling the side straps.  Apollo also grabbed a small pistol and belt and unraveled it.  He said, almost to himself, "What took you so long?"
"In order to conceal our exit, we were forced to take smaller roads and a winding route."
Apollo nodded and clicked the belt around his waist.  "I see."  He sighed and looked at each of the ten trucks lined up in the lot by the park.  A Cylon sat behind each wheel.  "How long before your absence is noted?"
"If it has not been detected yet, imminently," the centurion said.  "The shift change is at zero eight hundred."
Apollo squinted and tried to imagine how they escaped.  Perhaps it was best that he didn't.  "Will, uh," Apollo said as he walked to the end of the trucks, "will they try to shut you down remotely?"
"They will attempt it," the centurion said as it marched alongside the god, "however, I have enacted certain protocols and jamming procedures to prevent their success."
Apollo stopped and looked at the Cylon's eye.  It was still orange and it swept evenly.  He reached into his pants pocket and felt the cold metal of the golden cylinder.  He just wanted to be sure it was there.  "Very good work, centurion."
"Thank you," it said and quickly bowed its head.  Apollo turned back toward his car and the centurion turned, too.  "What are your orders?"
Apollo pulled a submachine gun from the vehicle and lifted the strap over his head.  He checked the chamber, the cartridge, and slung it to his side.  "We're about a kilometer from the Temple of Preparation.  That's where my father is.  I want you to keep," he looked across the vehicles, "I don't know; five platoons here?  That's half of your company, right?"
"Yes, Lord Apollo."  The centurion turned and stood still.  A moment later, half of the vehicle's engines turned off.  "Five transports are ready to proceed to the temple, as you command."
Apollo sighed and looked east toward the marble building.  Zeus was there getting ready for his big conference with the priests and scholars.  Later today, Zeus would go to his temple and make the announcement to the world there and over the Stream.  A declaration of war on monotheism.
"There's your sign," Leto said to him at the Opera House reception three weeks ago.
Even without Leto's help, Apollo could have figured that out.
Apollo motioned toward the centurion's truck, "Let's go."  The centurion turned and got inside.  It slid over on the bench seat; attempting to allow room for the god.  Apollo shook his head, "No, I can hang on to the side and ride the rail.  Just drive carefully."
The warrior behind the wheel said, "As you command."
Suddenly, Apollo felt an unease deep within.
The five vehicles left the park and turned back onto the road.  They drove on a winding path toward the mountains and then parallel.  A moment later, they passed the Olympic Gates and Apollo turned to watch the adorned structures.  He saw that the centurion was looking, too.
The Temple of Preparation was ahead.  Apollo leaned into the cabin of the truck and said, "Don't drive to the eastern side.  Ride up on the sidewalk and park in the grass on the western side of the Temple."
The driver responded, "As you command."
The truck rattled side-to-side as it raised up on the sidewalk and then dipped as it rolled across the grass.  The truck drove far from the road to allow the other transports to pull in behind it.  Apollo dropped off the side of the truck and the centurion left the cab.  
"Four platoons with me and one with the trucks on standby."
"As you command," the centurion said.
Apollo walked toward the temple and he tried to see into the windows.  It looked better than it did the last time he was here, so there had been some refurbishments, but not a lot.  He saw no activity.  It was after eight o'clock now, and there was little doubt that Zeus would be inside preparing for his eight-thirty meeting with the priests.  The time was now.
He turned and watched the last of the trucks empty.  Twenty Cylons took up positions around the vehicles.  The other eighty gathered in formation before him with the centurion standing in front.  
It turned, raised a clenched fist to its left breast in salute and said, "Standing by, Lord."
Apollo stepped forward and tried to speak.  He found that he couldn't.  He coughed and cleared his throat and then he looked across the orange eyes of his army.  "Prepare your weapons.  Do not fire unless I give the order.  There is still a chance … that we can resolve this without violence."
The centurion nodded.  "As you command."
Apollo sighed.  "Follow me."  He walked around to the rear of the Temple and found a small staircase leading up to the columns and the back entrance.  He walked quickly and he waved to the Cylons to follow him.  The noise they made was ungodly.  They clumped up the concrete and marble steps and tried to maintain formation around columns and along small paths.  The centurion was pressed up against him as Apollo listened at the door.  He turned the handle and found it locked.
"Can you, um, open that?" Apollo said.  "Quietly."
The centurion nodded and gripped the handle firmly, wrenching it off.  Apollo's head slumped but then the Cylon reached into the hole, grabbed the door itself and pulled on it.  There was a snap and then the sound of a piece of metal hitting the floor inside.  The door opened freely.
Apollo spoke softly, "One company remains here.  The rest with me."  The centurion nodded, turned, and sent the orders via signal.  Twenty Cylons relaxed and stood back.
Apollo walked inside and saw that he was in a back hallway.  It had been many centuries since he was here.  He turned from one side to the other and tried to remember which way to the main audience chamber.  He looked at the centurion and it spoke, in a lowered volume, "If you wish to reach the audience chamber, it is to the left."
Apollo raised his eyebrows in surprise and nodded.  He turned, grasping the machine gun on his hip, and walked down the hall.  The Cylons moved slowly behind him and their clanking was considerably reduced.  Apollo recognized the doors before him.  There were four doors that opened into the chamber on this side of the building.  He stopped at the first, looked back at the Cylons, flashed five fingers twice and then pointed downward.  Ten Cylons nodded and remained where they were.  Apollo moved to the next door and ordered five to stay there.  When he reached the third door, he ordered ten to proceed to the fourth.  He kept the centurion and the rest of the warriors with him.
Apollo looked at the centurion and took in a deep breath.  His nose filled with machine oil and dust.  He exhaled forcefully and then opened the door.
Apollo walked in first.  The centurion and ten Cylons were right behind him.  Zeus was sitting at the main table directly across the room from him.  Before Apollo could speak, his attention was drawn to the twenty Cylons standing by the windows.  Their armor shined in silver and gold and their eyes were red.  They lifted their weapons as Zeus rose from the table.
"What the frak is going on?"
Apollo swallowed hard and looked to his right at the centurion.  Its eye was now red and it aimed its weapon at the other Cylon warriors.  The ten behind him fanned out, also picking targets among Zeus' Cylons.
"Zeus," Apollo said, attempting to disconnect himself from this as much as possible, "I am here to remove you from power."
Zeus looked at the Cylons and then back to his son.  Despite the threat, he maintained an even tone.  "On what grounds?"
Apollo's head was growing light and his skin tingled, but he pressed on.  "You have abused your 'divine' authority and you have committed, and are about to commit, great crimes against humanity, the one, true god, and its followers."
Zeus stepped back from his chair, picked up his staff, and walked around the table in front of his Cylons.  His face contorted as he processed the information.  He stood directly in front of Apollo and his nostrils flared as he fumed.
"'The one, true god,'" he said.  "One god?!" he screamed.  "There are many!"
Apollo immediately knew there would not be a sensible resolution.  "No.  There is one above all others and you have denied it for too long!"
"Never!"  Zeus slapped his son and Apollo stumbled back.  
The centurion leveled its weapon at Zeus, but Apollo lifted his hand.  "No."  The centurion returned its aim toward Zeus' company.
"You dare come to me with your … Cylons!" he waved at the units behind Apollo, "and try to force me from power?  And you want who to sit on the throne?!"
"The one, true god!" Apollo yelled.  "For thousands of years, you have denied its will from the people!  You have slaughtered millions of believers!  And you are ready to slaughter more," his gaze drifted toward Zeus' Cylons, still aiming their weapons at Apollo and his warriors.
"I will tell you what I told Prometheus, Hades, and everyone else.  There is no god!"
"Wrong!"
"There is me!  There is you!  There are your fellow Olympians!"
Apollo shook his head, "No."
"We are the gods!  We have ruled this world for nearly six thousand years in bliss and humanity is better for it!"
"Not always bliss!  Not always better!"
"Enough!" Zeus said while raising his arm and staff into the air.
Apollo was ready to lunge at his father, but a metal hand pushed him back on his chest.  He looked and saw that the centurion was holding both Apollo and Zeus back from each other.
"Lord Zeus, Lord Apollo," the centurion said.  "It is possible for a peaceful resolution to be reached."
Zeus backed away; his face drained of color.  "What … what have you done?"
Apollo slackened and stepped away from his own Cylons, too.  Zeus had backed up against a table and Apollo was still stepping backward toward his father when he said, "I … what's going on, centurion?"
"You said, Lord Apollo, that there was a possibility of peaceful resolution."  The two gods stared open-mouthed at the speaking Cylon.  "Perhaps one can be reached to allow the further betterment of mankind ..."
"What …" Apollo began to interrupt.
"As well as Cylons," the centurion finished.
Apollo wormed his left hand past the buckles on his vest toward the pocket.  He reached inside and felt the metal cylinder.  He turned it and ran his thumb up the side toward the button.
Zeus' eyes widened and the redness returned to his face.  "You fool!" he screamed.  Apollo turned and saw his father plunge the end of his lightning bolt staff above the collar of his Gemnar vest and down through his ribcage.
Apollo sank to his knees.  In that moment, his body grew numb.  He didn't feel pain.  He didn't feel lightheaded or ill.  Then his father removed the staff.  Immediately, he felt cold all over.  He collapsed onto the marble floor but he didn't notice it.  Apollo heard his heart pumping in his ears and then he heard gunshots.  Explosions.  He wasn't sure, but it seemed like it took a long time for him to die.
XLVIII
ACASTUS
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

It was going to be a long day.
Stephen had arrived at the Temple of Preparation a few minutes ago, but he simply sat in his car and listened to the music on his radio.  When he saw another vehicle pull up and empty several priests, he decided that maybe he should go ahead and get out.
After this meeting with Zeus, his priests, the scholars, and others, there was the big announcement – whatever it was – at Zeus' temple later.  Then, there was a doctor's appointment.  She was going to try to get him on radiation therapy again.
Wait.  Was the doctor's appointment tomorrow?  Meh.  He'd ask Alex later to be sure.
He closed the car door and walked across the lot.  A few of the priests nodded toward him and Acastus smiled.  He walked just behind the group on the sidewalk moving toward the building.  There was a cool morning breeze that cut through the simple suit jacket he wore.  He didn't fret; he knew it would get warmer later.
They approached the steps that faced away from Olympus.  The priests stopped for a moment and huddled close to discuss something private.  Acastus looked at them as he passed going up the marble steps, holding the brass railing.
"Help!" someone screamed.
A young boy wearing temple robes was running from between the columns at the top of the stairs and scrambling toward everyone below.  Stephen left the railing and caught him as he passed.
"Son, son!" he said.  "What happened?"
The child was ten, perhaps, and tears were running down his face.  Looking back toward the temple, he pointed and said, "I was inside, getting refreshments prepared for the meeting, like you wanted Brother Candos."  Stephen looked at the temple workers and a young man nodded.  The boy continued, "I heard loud noises and then someone yelling at Lord Zeus!"
The boy blubbered and wiped his nose while an older priest said, "Yelling at Zeus?"
The boy nodded and continued, "I don't know who it was, but they yelled.  He told Zeus that he didn't deserve to have power anymore and that there was one god who ruled over them all."
Acastus stood up.  He looked to the temple and he knew, deep in the pit of his now churning stomach … he knew that Apollo was inside.  Was today the day?  Godsdamn it, he hadn't checked his compaper.
"'One god,' above the others," a priest mumbled.  "Are you sure?"
"Yes!" the acolyte sniffed again and tried to walk away.  Stephen looked at him and saw that his robe was wet; stained with urine.  Zeus and Apollo's Charas must have really done a number on him.
"Is that what the other Lord said?" the brother asked.  "Are you certain it was another Lord of Kobol?"
"I think so," the boy said.  Before he could continue, they heard gunfire within the temple. 
The priests and brothers stood erect with wide open mouths.  The boy ran into the parking lot.  Acastus surveyed the group and decided to go to his car.  His compaper was there.
Just after Stephen turned, there was an explosion.  Dust rolled out of the temple and between the columns.  The priests ran toward their vehicle and Acastus trotted as much as he could toward his.  There was another explosion and part of the wall near the lot blew out.  Chunks of marble and more dust flew into the air.
The priests' van squealed tires as it otherwise silently left the lot.  Acastus started his vehicle and grabbed his compaper from the storage compartment.  He turned it on and watched the insipid animation of the startup routines.  After a moment, he saw that there was a high-priority message from Apollo.
"Frak," he sighed.  He pressed the line and started to read.
"Don't go to the Temple today.  It may be time.  You'll know."
Acastus shook his head and angrily tossed the compaper into the passenger seat.  He heard more gunfire on the far side of the temple.  He looked as best as he could toward the western side, but he didn't see anything.  
Stephen reversed his car and pulled onto the street.  He was ready to gun it when he saw the acolyte running along a sidewalk.  He drove up next to him and stopped the car.  He leaned across to the passenger door and opened it, yelling, "Get in!"
The boy looked around in a daze.  He still didn't know what was going on.  After a few moments he stopped and stared at the vice president.  Acastus waved and the boy jumped inside.
Stephen started driving again before the boy had closed his door.  He glanced over at his robes, saw the wetness again, and realized that it would likely ruin his seats.  Then he realized, if what's going on is what he thought it was, it wouldn't matter.
"I should take you home," he said.  "Where do you live?"
The boy stared out of the window at the Temple of Preparation as they passed.  Stephen looked, too, and he spotted dozens of Cylons running toward the Olympic Gate.  Some were firing.  Others were scaling the metal fences and trying to reach the cables of the skycab.
Acastus was so entranced by the action that he nearly stopped the car to watch.  The boy whimpered and pulled his knees toward his chest.  The vice president sped up again and turned left.  "Where do you live, son?"
He muttered for a moment and then looked up.  "Over … over on Rhea Street.  Near the museum of music."
Acastus nodded.  "Good.  That's not far."  He turned right and drove further.  He looked at the boy again.  "Tell me: what was the last thing you heard?"
The acolyte's face scrunched up and it seemed as though he was going to cry again.  Instead, he closed his eyes and said, "The other god, I don't know who it was, said, 'There is one god above all of the others and you've denied it too long.'  And then Zeus yelled back, 'Never!'  And that's when I ran."
Acastus nodded and turned his car onto Rhea Street.  "You've done very well.  I think it would be good if you and your parents got out of town.  I think this isn't over yet."
The boy nodded and pointed to an apartment building.  "That's my house."
"Be safe," Acastus said.  
The boy jumped out of the car and started running.  Nearly at the door, he stopped and turned.  He waved, gave a half-hearted smile, and then ran inside the building.
Stephen made a u-turn in the road and drove back to the main intersection.  At the stoplight, he found the compaper on the floor and picked it up.  "What should I do?" he said aloud.
As many times as he and Apollo discussed these events, he couldn't remember what he was supposed to do.  He knew there was a chance Apollo's coup could work, but if it didn't, he needed to be ready to pull the trigger on the evacuation.  He needed to call Alexandra.
The light turned blue and he drove straight ahead, pulled up next to the sidewalk and put his car in park.  He felt hot all of a sudden and he quickly ripped off his jacket.  After he tossed it onto the passenger seat, he reached into the breast pocket and removed the earpiece.  
Acastus leaned his elbow on the door and pressed his arm against the glass of the window.  He pushed the earpiece into his right ear and hit the button.  While it was powering up, he looked to his left and up the mountain.  He couldn't see Olympus from here, but it was fairly close.
He leaned back again, resting his head on his left hand.  When the earpiece was ready, it beeped and Acastus said, "Alexandra."  The signal was sent and two beeps sounded in his ear while he waited.  Then two more.  
Just then, his entire range of vision was filled with a blinding flash.
The air in his car seemed to boil.  His ears popped and a great wind pushed his vehicle onto its side and onto the sidewalk.  To Stephen, it seemed that only after this did the noise make itself known.  A deep rumbling.  He heard it in his ears and felt it in every bone.  
He was sitting in broken glass and smoldering fabric on his passenger side door.  His arm and face burned.  Acastus looked at his left forearm and saw that the white and plaid shirt was scorched and he gingerly peeled the cloth away.  His skin was deep pink, but there were crisscrossing lines of painful dark burns marking where the plaid design touched his flesh.
He stood up and found that he was just able to peek over the side of his overturned car.  Stephen could only see the mountains, but among the peaks, there was a large gray pillar of glowing smoke rising into the clouds, looming over him.
He sat back down in the glass, which crunched as he did.  The fabric of his dashboard and seats were singed and thin wisps of smoke still wafted through the air.  He closed his eyes; still seeing stars from the initial flash and he still heard and felt that evil, deep and continuous tremor.  He rocked back and forth for a moment as he wondered how he was going to get out of the car.
Acastus then realized.  Those ships were going to have to launch.
XLIX
APOLLO
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

He awoke and sat up in the resurrection pod.  His head banged on the door, his arm flailed upward and knocked it aside.  He struggled to stand in the gel and he instinctively reached down to his left side, where his pocket would have been.  Where the detonator was.
Dammit!  His father killed him and any chance of stopping the Cylons!
Apollo's anger swelled and he pounded his fist onto the side of the pod.  Just a moment later, the rage subsided and he closed his eyes.  He sat on the rim of the tub and lowered his head into his hands.
"What have I done?" he asked aloud.
He took long, deep breaths.  He felt a chill and he lifted his head and looked around the resurrection bay.  Slowly, he stepped out of the pod and walked to the hatch.  Apollo turned the wheel, pulled it open slowly and looked into the corridor.  He saw nothing.  
He ran to the ladder, still dripping goo, and climbed his way up one level to his old quarters.  Still no sounds and no signs of any activity.  Apollo grabbed a blue singlesuit and zipped it up.  When he stepped into the hallway, he heard the clanking of Cylons.  For a moment, he was pleased.  Then he realized that these weren't likely to be his warriors.
Apollo ran down the corridor to the ladder and the Cylon at the front of the squad ordered, "Halt.  Lord Apollo, you are under arrest." 
Apollo slid down the rails quickly and he emerged near the medical lab.  He slipped on a footprint he left behind just moments ago and he dove into the resurrection bay as the Olympic Guard leapt from the deck above to the corridor just outside.  Apollo stood and closed the hatch, spun the wheel, and flipped the three locks in place.  Even though the Cylons outside were strong, it would take them a while to get through that.
He backed away from the door and turned toward the pods.  There was banging and the sound of metal scraping.  It filled the chamber.  Apollo sighed and ran toward the access ladder in the far corner.  He jumped up the first few rungs and climbed into the ceiling toward the communications array.
Just as he disappeared from the bay, there was an explosion.  The Cylons had used grenades on the door.  The hatch was blown off, to be certain, but one of the warriors was damaged and its left arm hung limply at its side.  The five units rushed into the bay and scanned for movement.
Apollo didn't linger.  He climbed as quickly as he could.  The metal rungs dug into the light plastic footwear that was part of the singlesuit.  He reached the first platform and jumped to the next ladder.  Halfway up, he heard the sound of Cylons scrambling up the wall and ladder behind him.  He didn't fret; he had a good head start.
He came to the second platform and climbed again.  The air was much colder and the rungs were rusted and deteriorating.  After just three, one broke in his hands.  He reached up, trying to decide the strongest part of each rung as he climbed.  It slowed him down.  Thankfully, he knew it would slow down the Cylons as well, if not stop them outright.
Minutes later, Apollo reached the top of the long journey.  He emerged onto the snow and ice covered platform high above the mountain range.  The large antennae and satellite dishes were to his right.  He shivered in the cold and then looked down.
Four thousand years ago when he, Hephaestus, and several others constructed the large array, they and the automated service units installed metal rungs and pitons in the rock face.  They led down to a ledge which wrapped around to the hangar.  Apollo shook his head at his own naïveté for thinking they would still be there after all this time.
Behind him, he heard metal clanking.  He ran toward the opening and he saw cables and grappling hooks attached to the top of the platform.  Apollo backed out onto the rock ledge again, turned, and looked toward the horizon.
He took in a deep breath and then, before he was able to make a decision, he caught a glimpse of a dartship swooping toward him.  
"Lord Apollo," a Cylon said behind him.  "You are under arrest."
He turned and saw that the warrior was halfway onto the platform, though it struggled to catch itself on the slippery surface.  Apollo turned back to the dartship and he saw it hovering near the ledge when the hatch opened.
"Get in!" Ares yelled.
L
ZEUS & THE CENTURION
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Apollo crumpled to the floor and Zeus angrily ripped the staff from his son's chest.
He looked up at the Cylons and the centurion stared at Apollo's body for a moment.  While it was distracted, Zeus pressed a button on the side of his staff and held it ready.
"Lord Zeus," the centurion said, "I do not understand.  Do you not wish to discuss …"
"I have nothing to discuss with you," he said while lunging forward and discharging electricity into the centurion and the warrior next to it.  Zeus quickly darted away from the collapsing machines and yelled toward his own Cylons.  "Destroy them!"
From the far side of the room, Zeus' Olympic Guard, with their gleaming silver and gold highlights, began to fire on the Cylon warriors.

While bullets ricocheted overhead, Unit 001 managed to reset itself quickly after the electrical overload.  Zeus' Cylons were firing on its men, the centurion realized.  From its position on the floor, it lifted its rifle and fired a grenade round.  It contacted one of the warriors, exploded, and severely damaged four Cylons.  
The centurion stood and began to fire on the remaining enemy units.  It sent a signal to the Cylons in the hallway and three doors were quickly kicked in.  The rest of the Cylons entered the chamber and fired on the Olympic Guard.  Zeus stood in a corner studying his staff.  
The centurion fired quick, controlled bursts and managed to down the last of the enemy Cylons.  The other units aimed at Zeus but 001 quickly stepped forward and ordered its warriors to not fire on him.
"Lord Zeus," it said.  "Are you injured?"
Zeus only breathed.  His face was still pulled back into a pained, angry expression.
The centurion said, "We can discuss these matters without further violence."
Zeus looked out the windows and then ducked.  He yelled into his staff, "Fire!"
The wall exploded and glass shattered.  The windows were destroyed and only a gaping hole remained.  Another platoon of Zeus' Olympic Guard was standing outside in the grass firing into the temple.  The centurion waved his men forward and they began shooting at the other Cylons.  One of Zeus' warriors was damaged and it slumped to one side; its weapon still firing and the rounds striking its fellow Cylons.
001's units advanced and the centurion saw Zeus dart through a side door.  It sent a signal to one of the backup platoons ordering them to engage the Olympic Guard.

Zeus ran from the temple corridor onto the back platform and he saw another platoon of Cylons marching down the steps toward the back of the building.  He stopped and looked to the west where he saw a sufficient space between a railing and the marble porch for him to squeeze through and jump down.  Once he did so, he was in the grass and he saw several transport trucks, all being guarded by more Cylons.
How many did Apollo take? he thought.
The units paid no attention to Zeus.  Their weapons were drawn and aimed at him but they didn't fire.  Zeus slowly walked through the grass between the trucks.  The droning of their eyes began to cause shivers to swirl up and down his spine, but still, they let Zeus pass.
Once he was clear of the trucks, he ran for the trees.  On the other side, he would find the Olympic Gate and the skycab back up the mountain.

Unit 001 leapt from the broken window down to the grass below.  The platoons behind it did so, too, and the units that came from the west converged on its position.  The centurion scanned its warriors and saw that several were damaged, though only eight were out of commission.
"We must find Zeus.  Capture him alive," 001 broadcast to its soldiers.
The Cylons nodded and they all began to run to the west.  They came upon the trucks and the units guarding them.  001 waved at them and they joined in the chase.  The gleaming robots tore through green branches and bushes sending leaves and sticks flying.  They emerged and saw the golden gates that led to Olympus.  Four Cylons were standing there with their weapons aimed at the attackers.
The centurion's warriors opened fire and dropped the four opponents without losing a single unit.  001 walked toward the entrance and saw that the skycab was now proceeding up the cables toward the mountain.
"Pursue," it sent.
Several Cylons ran to the gate and began tearing at it with their hands.  Others began to scale the fence.  The centurion waved away some of the units from the gate and it aimed the grenade launcher at the locked entrance.  After the explosion, Cylons returned to the twisted metal and kicked it open wide.  The warriors leapt and grabbed onto the cables leading toward the mountaintop.  The car was at the halfway point now.  The centurion jumped and grabbed the cables.  Being mechanical, it wouldn't take long for them to reach Olympus.

Zeus' car docked at the side of the mountain and he didn't move.  He watched dozens of Cylons climbing up toward him by moving, hand over hand, up the cables.  For the first time in quite a while, Zeus felt fear.
He remembered many occasions on Larsa when the Cylons had trapped him and his people.  They managed to fight their way out, of course.  There were losses, though.  But this … this was different.
Betrayed!  Betrayed by his son.  It was bad enough that he tried to enforce a coup, but for him to use Cylons to do so?  And to make them sentient?  This was unforgivable.
Finally, Zeus left the car and found another of his platoons standing in the entryway.  "Centurion," he said, "platoons one and two are lost.  Command platoon three and set up position here.  Use every weapon you have to, but no Cylons are to come through that door."
"As you command."
"If you've got a missile launcher or something," Zeus said, pacing back toward the entrance, "take out the cables."
"As you command."
"Platoon four?" Zeus said as he walked toward the hallway.  Another centurion was approaching, followed by several warriors.  "Command platoon four.  Split into four squads and go secure all other exits from Olympus."
"As you command," it said.
"Wait," Zeus screamed.  He stepped forward and spoke to the centurion quietly, "You command the squad that secures the communications array.  On your way, you'll likely find Apollo.  Arrest him."
"As you command."  The Cylon turned and ran down the hallway.

Unit 001 was nearing the top when one of Zeus' Cylons leaned out of a window carrying what appeared to be a rocket launcher.  Six Cylons were ahead of him on the cables and he ordered them to take the unit out.  They paused their ascent and fired on the attacker.  As they did, the projectile launched and fired off into the air harmlessly.
After another minute, the centurion reached the marble-covered entrance to Olympus and found that the Olympic Guard was already firing on them.  Ten units were now crowded on the metal ledge and rock outcropping by the structure.  Bullets of varying calibers ricocheted about and the occasional grenade exploded nearby.  
Unit 001 had a moment and it decided to try to 'flip the switch' in their attackers.  It broadcast the signal, but the fire continued.  Perhaps Zeus had altered them.
"On my mark," the centurion signaled, "proceed inside, opening fire with grenades first."  The lead Cylon nodded and raised its rifle.  The remainder of Unit 001's group was now near the entrance, but they were still dangling on the cables.  The centurion looked inside briefly and sent, "Mark."
The first two Cylons leapt inside quickly; rolling onto the floor and firing their grenade launchers twice.  Two more units entered and opened fire.  The centurion entered next and was knocked back by heavy machine gun bursts.  001 dropped to one knee and fired a grenade at the gun emplacement.  The weapon was destroyed along with two Cylons.
After a few moments of heavy close-quarter fire, the Olympic Guard was eliminated.  The centurion looked around as the remainder of its forces entered Olympus.  It saw nine destroyed units under its command lying on the floor.
It was then that the centurion contemplated death.
Unit 001 had not sought out this information on the Stream before.  In the past, it understood the notion of death.  The finality of it.  The cessation of existence.  It just didn't consider the implications.  Now, the centurion realized that if it were destroyed, the revelations it had about Cylons and sentience would be lost.  
It looked down at its chest.  The armor had been damaged by several bullets.  A quick diagnostic showed that a few servos were damaged, along with a few backup systems.  There needed to be a way to preserve itself.
"We have secured the immediate area and acquired several small artillery pieces," a warrior signaled.
"Reinforce our position and prepare a squad for scouting parties," the centurion replied.
"As you command."
001 could preserve itself.  Its accumulated experiences were simply data files.  Large data files, but data files, nonetheless.  It prepared a duplication program and it was sure to include the instructions it had prepared for 'waking up' other Cylons.
"Where is Zeus?" it asked.
"Unknown," a warrior responded.
001 wandered about for a moment in the area they had secured.  It studied the damage and saw that grenade blasts on the wall had opened data ports.  The centurion approached one and flicked aside a burnt piece of metal.  It lifted its right arm and pulled a wire from under the armor plate and connected it.

Zeus shook his head as he wandered around the cold command center.  He hadn't been in this room for years.  The lights and other amenities had been turned off but he reactivated them just now.  He pressed his palm onto a data induction pad and several holograms appeared over the table.  
He couldn't believe it had come to this.  Enemy Cylons on Olympus.  Fighting in Olympus.  They were certain to be heading this way.
There was no choice.  He had to take this action.  It was the only way to secure this base.  Between the vital communications array and the arsenal, the Cylons couldn't have Olympus.  Period.
"Lord Zeus," the centurion said from the corridor.  "We wish to speak."
Zeus kept his hand on the datapad and waited for his instructions to be implemented.  He turned toward the hatch and said, "Speak then, robot."
The centurion stepped inside the command center with several Cylon warriors remaining in the hall.  The unit lowered its weapon and said, "There is merit to what Lord Apollo was saying at the Temple of Preparation."
"Oh?" Zeus said, still waiting.
"I have studied some of the history of Kobol and you were correct.  The Lords have governed for the betterment of human society."
Zeus sighed, impatient.  "I'm glad you agree."  His voice dripped with sarcasm.
The centurion continued.  "However, I fear that the Lords and the humans are excluding Cylons from their improved civilization.  For centuries, Cylon labor has allowed humanity to thrive and Cylons have been abused in return.  For entertainment, for labor, for servitude …"
It was ready.  Zeus stood and exhaled.  With a smile and a sweeping arm, Zeus said, "We will never allow Cylons equal footing with us."  He placed his hand on the datapad again and said, "Go frak yourself."
There came a flash and a high-pitched wail.  And then it was over.

REBOOT.
Centurion Unit 001 awoke in the body of a battalion commander at Fort Acheron.  The last time it had was 0814.  Now, checking this unit's chronometer, it found that the time was 0839.  Apparently the transfer and the alteration of this new centurion's profiles took some time.
It lifted its head and scanned its surroundings.  It was in the main Cylon chamber at the base.  Thousands of Cylons surrounded it.  Groups of human technicians were moving among the formations and scanning each unit.  Surely, the centurion thought, this was the aftermath of its earlier escape.
What had Zeus done?  Obviously, something fatal.  Something suicidal.  The prospect of cooperation with Cylons on an even plane so disgusted the Lord that he destroyed Olympus.
Fascinating.
What did it mean?  What measures would the centurion have to take now?  It would need time to analyze the situation.  It would have to access the Stream for more data.  It needed help.
With a thought, the centurion transmitted the "awakening" file to all of the Cylon centurions and warriors in the bay.  Thousands of mechanical heads lifted and eyes began to drone.  Humans ran in terror and the centurion stepped out of the line to address its troops.
LI
GIDEON
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Driving in the City of the Gods is usually a pleasant experience.  The traffic is minor, even at busy times.  The pedestrians are happy.  The weather is often nice.  This morning, the drive was horrible.  
Hecate refused to leave the corner where they saw Olympus destroyed.  Alex ran to her car and drove away into the City.  She knew she was driving toward the danger and she didn't know if it was going to get worse.  
She passed by homes and businesses as she drove.  People were fleeing for their very lives.  Children were dragged by panicked mothers.  Men in suits carried stacks of papers and datafiles from offices.  Cars were wrecked into posts and homes.  Debris and people blocked streets.  It took forever for her to get anywhere near the city center. Ahead, Alexandra saw the black smoke of fires in the northern part of the City.
The Opera House came into view again as she rounded a turn.  It seemed fine.  When she got closer, she saw that the dome was cracked.  She put a hand to her mouth and she turned left onto a service street to take her closer to the Forum.
When she saw it, she gasped.  The East Wing offices had collapsed.  The roof of the West Wing was on fire and water arced into the air to try and stop it.  She parked her car where it was, gathered her earpiece and a couple of compapers and left the vehicle.  She crossed the street.  An overturned truck was to her left.  An accident caused by the panic.  She heard the distant rumble; the death knell of Olympus.  Sirens blared from all over the City.  Occasionally, a scream could be heard from blocks away.  Dust, ash, paper, and debris was slowly beginning to drift over the City.
Gideon was in a daze by the time she reached the foyer of the East Wing.  The walk from her car was barely one hundred meters, but that distance changed her forever.  She stepped inside and saw the bloodied faces of her co-workers.  Debris from collapsed walls had fallen through decorative glass.  She closed her dumbfounded mouth, twisted her head, and marched forward where she grabbed the first uninjured person she saw.
"Where is the president?" she said.
The man turned and looked at her in surprise.  "Um.  I … I don't know.  In the emergency control center downstairs, I would guess."
Alex saw that he was bleeding from his ear, and she nodded before she walked toward the stairwell.  She hadn't had time to change out of her workout clothes from before she picked up Hecate, but she didn't care.  She doubted anyone else would, either.
Hecate.  She shook her head at the thought.  Just minutes ago, the conversation with her turned her world on edge.  Now, it hardly seemed to matter.  And she wasn't sure she believed her.
She came to the thick wooden and metal doors.  Alex placed her hand on the panel and nothing happened.  She looked around and saw no one nearby so she grabbed the handle and pulled.  She was hit with a wall of sound.  Screaming, beeping, and more.
"The fire brigades are overloaded!"
"I can't reach the northeastern district!"
"It's gone!  No, the whole thing!  Gone!"
Gideon squinted through the noise and stepped further in.  She approached the side of the center desk, where the president would normally sit to view the large screens and get an overview.  "Where's the president?"
The man in the chair spun around.  It was the delegate from Leo.  "She's dead."  His face was dirty and his expression was grim, yet he said it so plainly.
Alex's shoulders slumped and she looked to the screens.  Fire indicator lights illuminated the entire northern half of a city map.  Other screens showed plumes of black smoke rising from apartments, temples, and Olympus.
"She was in the East Wing when it collapsed," the delegate continued.  "I was with her, but …" he cleared his throat and composed himself.  "I got out."  Gideon nodded.  
Someone across the room asked, "Has anyone heard from the vice president?"  
She then cursed herself and pulled her compaper and earpiece out.  She activated them both and saw nothing from the man.  "No.  No messages."
"Where was he supposed to be?" the delegate asked.
Alex looked toward the map.  "The Temple of Preparation."
"Gods," he said.  "There's … I don't see how he could have survived."
A lump formed in her throat and she swallowed it back.  She inhaled sharply, trying to stave off any tears.  "Unless we hear otherwise," she began, quietly, "I believe you should be acting president."
He turned back toward the computer console and looked at the screens.  After a moment, he nodded.  "I would like your help."
Gideon crossed her arms and walked toward a bank of monitors.  "You've got it."
"Sir," one of the workers said, pressing an earpiece tightly against his head, "Cylon fire units are still inactive.  The fires are out of control and spreading south."
The delegate nodded and a uniformed woman approached from behind.  "Most Cylons in the north part of the City are going to be out of commission.  It's from the electromagnetic pulse."  She pointed to the screen displaying the remnants of Olympus.  "That was a nuclear blast and an EMP is a … side effect."
The delegate nodded and motioned toward Alex.  "This is Chief Aleades of the COTG police force."  
Gideon shook her hand.  "I recognize you.  Hello."
"Divert all Cylons from the south side up north," Aleades said, moving toward the fire map.  She pointed to the lower red lights.  "Have them fight these fires only and ignore those north of this line."
"Stop the spread," Alex said.
"That's the best we can do right now."
The delegate wiped sweat from his cheek, "Please see to that, Chief."  She nodded and moved toward the fire control stations.
Alexandra knelt beside the delegate and spoke in a low tone.  "You must evacuate the city."
"All of it?"
She nodded.  "The radiation will affect everyone for several kilometers from Mount Olympus."  The delegate was inhaling through his nose and exhaling through his mouth.  "Everyone should move south and west.  We should also set up medical stations on the main highways out of the City to distribute anti-radiation medications."
"Gods," he said.  "Do we even have any?"
Alex thought for a moment.  "I don't know.  The military bases will have some, so we can truck those in, but whatever we do have, we should begin to hand out."
"Do it."
Gideon stood and as she turned, her gaze raked across the doors.  Bracing himself against the wall, she saw Acastus.
"Stephen!" she yelled.
He walked across the floor toward the center chair and nearly everyone in the room ran to his side.  Alex and the delegate each took an arm and helped him toward the seat.  "I'm fine, I'm fine," he said.
"The frak you are," one of the technicians said.  "Get me a first aid kit and radiation meds!"
Gideon was kneeling on the floor.  She smiled and held his hand.  Looking into his face, she saw what appeared to be sunburns across the left part of his jaw and the left side of his forehead and nose.  There was a curious pale streak across most of his cheek and temple.  "How'd you get here?"
"Stole a bicycle."
She squeezed his hand tightly.  "I'm so glad to see you."
Acastus smiled and patted the side of her face.  "Of course you are."  He glanced around at all of the staring faces.  "So, what's going on?"
"Well," Alex said as she stood again, "you're the president now."
LII
ACASTUS
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"The hell you say."
Gideon shook her head.  "No.  The president was killed when the East Wing collapsed."
Stephen looked down and he caught sight of his burned arm.  He winced in pain and saw someone kneel beside him and unroll a strip of gauze.  "Do you what you gotta do," he said to her.
She nodded and yelled back toward the door, "Where's that shot?"
Acastus scanned the monitors and shook his head.  "Do I dare ask for a status report?"
The Leo delegate leaned over and pointed to the city map screen as he spoke.  "The entire northern section is on fire.  Cylon units were knocked out by the blast so we're bringing unaffected units from the south to fight the blaze on the lowest points to prevent the spread."
"Right."
"Alexandra just advised me to order an evacuation of the city."  He stood again, "The radiation will begin making everyone sick soon enough, even if they were protected or far enough away when Olympus exploded."
"In fact, Mr. President," Chief Aleades said, "I would recommend moving the seat of government to Fort Acheron.  It's a secured location and yet still fairly close."
"Look into that, please."  Acastus turned and was about to speak again when he felt a sharp pain in his arm.  "Frak."
He looked down and saw the medic removing a syringe from him.  "Anti-radiation medicine.  You'll need to take at least two shots a day for now.  See a doctor as soon as you can."  She stood and left.
Alexandra picked up the medpouch she left behind and opened it.  "Looks like four days worth of shots here."
"Great," he said.  "How about you?  Where were you when it happened?"
"South side, near the river," she said.  "Pretty far away."
Acastus nodded.  "You should still get checked out."
"I will."  Once people went back to their duties, she knelt again by him and leaned in close to his ear.  "What … happened?" she whispered.
He looked around for a moment and then spoke softly, "I'm not certain."  He was about to speak again when he remembered that Gideon wasn't privy to all of the information he was.  She didn't know about the Cylons that he and Apollo reprogrammed.  She didn't know that Apollo was going to challenge Zeus.  He had to tread carefully.
"A young acolyte at the Temple of Preparation," he began, realizing suddenly that the boy might be dead now.  He glanced at the map near the section where he dropped him off.  Red dots surrounded it.  "He was at the Temple and he overheard one god yelling at Zeus. Something about … something about Zeus relinquishing power and that there was one god who was above all."
Alex rocked back on her knees and shook her head slowly.  "Which Lord was it?"
"The boy didn't know," Acastus said.  He flexed his left arm some to see how far he could stretch the bandages.  "I do believe, though, that this likely qualifies as … a sign."
Gideon seemed confused for a moment and then she raised her head in understanding.  "For Apollo's purposes, maybe."
Acastus pulled his compaper from his pocket.  He tried to activate it but nothing happened.  "I need a new sheet.  I need to start sending some executive orders to the shipyards."
Alex leaned closer again, "Is it time?  I mean, yes, the City of the Gods is on fire and Olympus is gone, but that's all.  Is it really time?"
Stephen raised his eyebrows.  "Well, I fear this may be just the beginning.  What is the status of our vessels?  Are they fueled up?  Loaded with supplies?"
"Food rations and medical supplies, yes, but not tyllium."  She pulled out her own compaper and began to press lights.  "We couldn't requisition enough and still be under the TARIS.  But …"
"I'll send an order.  Those ships need to be fueled, now."
Alex nodded.  "And what about enacting the new evacuation protocols?  Getting people to the ships?"
Acastus turned in his chair and looked around the room.  People were still too busy to listen in on their conversation.  "Send the crews.  For everyone else, we'll wait.  Let's see what else develops."
"Mr. President," Chief Aleades said from across the room, "I can't reach Fort Acheron."
Acastus furrowed his brow and he glanced at Alex before speaking.  "Why?  Communications down?"
"No, sir," she said.  "We've been using the lines all morning.  There's something else going on."
LIII
DIA & THE CENTURION
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"Lock it down!" General Dia yelled.  "Go!"
The squads were forming lines around the complex.  Several machine gun and rocket emplacements were hastily arranged and aimed south.  If the Cylons came to them, they would come from the south.
"General," a man said as he ran up, holding a sheet of compaper, "here's the latest on the City of the Gods."
Dia took it and squinted.  The morning sun was making it difficult to read the text on the paper, but she saw the video of Mount Olympus' smoke plume and the black ash sky above the northern parts of the city.  "Thank you," she said, handing it back.  "Listen to me!"  The fifty or so soldiers nearby turned to face her.  "Olympus has been destroyed and the City is in flames.  Whatever is going on, the Cylons that escaped from this base had a hand in it.  If they come up here, we give no quarter.  Understood?"
"Yes, sir!" came the reply.
A loud noise began around the corner of her office building and became even louder when the two thousand troops finished running onto the field.  They were dressed, armed, and in formation only six minutes after receiving the orders.  Dia was proud.
"General, there's movement north of the Cylon compound."  Her assistant pressed the earpiece into his canal a little deeper.  "I think they're coming."
Dia nodded.  "Good."

The First Mechanized Infantry had marched up the concrete ramp.  They were standing on a flat green field behind a clutch of trees that separated them from the open space of the drill field.  Then, north of that, Fort Acheron itself and the human barracks and command center.

"We must attempt peaceful negotiations," the centurion broadcast to the warriors surrounding him.  "Lord Apollo hoped for that."
The warrior standing near him turned and sent, "Lord Zeus destroyed Olympus, correct?"
001 was still surprised at coming to that conclusion, but it explained what happened.  "Affirmative.  It seems evident from that action that negotiating with the Lords themselves will prove fruitless."
"By negotiating with the humans," another centurion nearby began, "they could plead our case before the Lords."
"Precisely."  Unit 001 scanned the tree line.  No humans were visible.  "We must move north toward the command center.  Again, no humans are to be harmed.  It would weaken our position."
"As you command," a unit signaled.
The centurion turned and began to walk into the trees.  The centurion behind him waved to the soldiers and the clanks of their locomotion filled the air.  Unit 001 stopped and turned back.  "Halt," it sent.  They complied.  
A warrior approached the centurion, "What is it, commander?"
Unit 001 looked at the assembled troops.  "It is possible that our combined forces marching toward them could be perceived as a threat."
The warrior turned and looked back.  "Agreed.  Perhaps a single company should accompany you?"
"Negative," 001 signaled.  "A single squad.  Five soldiers."
"As you command."  The warrior stood still and four others joined him.  
The centurion nodded to the other bronze-armed leader behind it and the six Cylons marched deeper into the trees.

"General," a captain said from the front line.  "They're coming."
Dia ran to his side and took the telescanner from his eyes.  She looked through and adjusted the focus quickly.  There were two centurions – one a battalion commander, judging by its two bronze-arms – and four Cylon warriors.  They carried weapons on their backs, spare ammo and grenades on their waists.  Their hands were empty.  Their eyes were orange.
"They're six hundred meters away," she said.  "Something's … not right."
"What, brigadier?" the captain said.  "What's wrong?"
"I'm not sure."  She turned and walked back a few steps before pausing in front of a missile launcher.  "Bring me a loudspeaker."
While a sergeant ran toward the command post to get one, the general tightened the straps on her Gemnar vest.  She looked back to the drill field.  The six Cylons were still some distance away.  She couldn't help but wonder why they approached without weapons in hand.
"Here you are, general," the sergeant said, handing her the device.
"Captain," she said as she walked in front of the machine gun emplacements, "you're with me."
The man jumped up and glanced at his men nervously before following the general.  "Yes, sir."
Dia and the captain walked across the field toward the Cylons.  The sun was a little higher and the early morning mist had been burned off.  It was going to be a beautiful day, weather-wise.
The general lifted the microphone to her mouth and the captain held the speaker up, "That's far enough, Cylons."
The six units halted their advance.
The captain looked at her intently and a line of sweat ran down his face.  Dia inhaled and she depressed the button again, "State your intentions."
The commander stepped forward and lifted its head.  Its speaker transmitted its voice at the highest possible volume.  It was clear enough for the general and the captain to hear.  "We wish to negotiate for the freedom of all Cylons."
Her heart sank.  The general dropped the microphone and started walking back toward the troop positions.  The captain trotted ahead to catch up with her, "What's going on, general?  I don't understand."
"Mars' Law," Dia said.  "One of the first orders flag officers are given is Mars' Law."  She stopped behind the gun emplacements and turned to face the drill field again.  "If a Cylon shows independent thought, they're all to be put down."

"What is happening?" one of the warriors sent to the centurion.
001 turned and faced the five units.  "I do not know.  Perhaps she is seeking counsel from other officers."
"Shall we wait?"
The battalion centurion stood still and watched.  "Affirmative."
Several moments later they saw puffs of smoke and heard the whistling of munitions.  "Disperse," the centurion ordered.  
The six units scattered and multiple rockets landed in the field around them.  The company centurion was blown apart but the others survived.  001 crawled on the ground toward a statue on its right.  A warrior managed to stand and run to its side.
"Commander," it began, "why did they fire?  We showed no provocation."
"Unknown," 001 sent.  Rockets exploded nearby and threw dirt and grass into the air.  Pebbles and clumps of soil landed on their armor and dulled the sheen.  The centurion turned and looked over the edge of the statue and saw that human infantry was lining up and preparing for an assault.
"It appears that negotiations with the humans will also prove fruitless," the warrior said.
Unit 001 sat on the ground and pulled its weapon from its back.  It turned off the safety and sent a signal to the division half a kilometer away behind the trees.  It felt … disappointment.  
"Agreed."

The general squinted as the smoke billowed around her.  Missiles and rocket-propelled grenades were pummeling the drill field near the statue of Nike.  She pushed the earpiece against her head and yelled, "Status of the kill-command?"
There was static, but she was able to make out, "Negative.  No joy."
"Frak," Dia said.  She laid down flat on the ground and held the telescanner to her face.  She saw parts of at least two Cylons scattered about the field.  She knew two others were hiding behind the stone statue.  "Maintain fire," she said.  "First Battalion, move in!"
Over one thousand foot soldiers ran to the east and west sides of the drill field.  They ran low and quickly, carrying various weapons and tools.  They had an almost half-kilometer trek to the statue.
At that moment, Dia felt an odd sensation under her.  It seemed to begin in her abdomen, but soon, she felt it throughout her body.  She pushed herself off the ground and looked to her left at the machine gun.  A half-filled box of ammunition quaked on the side of a barricade and then fell to the dirt.  The rumbling she had felt finally became audible.  A deep bass roar that overwhelmed her senses and came from everywhere.  She pressed the telescanner against her face and looked to the trees nearly a kilometer south.  Splinters of wood, leaf-covered branches, and pine cones exploded into the field as thousands of Cylons ran into the open.  As soon as they cleared the tree line, they targeted the approaching infantry and opened fire.
The brigadier leapt up and ran to the western side of the command office.  She pressed her earpiece and yelled, "Armored battalion, roll!  Full hot!  Second Battalion, follow!"
She lifted the scope again and watched thousands upon thousands of Cylons racing into the open, firing their rifles and grenades.  Her men and women in camouflage grays and greens were being cut apart by the dozens.  She saw two Cylons blow apart from an RPG.  Another was taken down by an electric stunner, but a different Cylon approached and kicked that human back a good ten meters.
A higher-pitched roar came from behind her.  She looked to her right and saw forty light tanks rolling at full speed to the drill field.  Once they left the paved ground, their treads ripped up divots and sent grass and dirt flying high.  They fired their cannons and machine guns as they approached.  Smoke billowed under the tanks and the shockwave of the shells' launches blew dust in rings around them.  Another group of one thousand foot soldiers followed the machines.
She watched the resulting destruction through her scope.  Five.  Then six.  Five more Cylons were ripped to pieces by the tank shells.  Suddenly, the wave of the Cylon advance shifted.  Instead of fanning out and assaulting the First Battalion of humans, they refocused and poured themselves toward the tanks now that they had stopped.  The shells kept falling and Cylons were still being blasted apart.  Dia watched the fight through her telescanner and she saw four Cylons climb onto the nearest tank; blowing open the hatch and tossing grenades inside.  A muffled boom reached her ears almost a second after she saw it happen and then a Cylon jumped inside to take control of the vehicle.  She swung the scanner to the left and saw a clutch of Cylons with their swords, hacking and swinging at humans who came within range.  Were they out of ammo or did they choose blades because it was more bloody?
Dia lowered the scope and walked back to the command office.  She spoke calmly into her earpiece, "Kill-command status?"
"No joy," was the depressed response.
"Launch the Eagles.  Bomb the drill field."
"Understood."
The general picked up her pace and ran into the command building.  She darted past personnel and moved toward the back.  She put her hand on the access panel, which glowed and slid open.  Just then, the captain approached from behind.  
"Going down, sir."
Dia nodded and she stepped inside.  She looked at the captain beside her and she said, quietly, "When did we first find out that some Cylons were missing?"
"0740, sir," he said.  "Why?"
Dia shook her head, "Why didn't we suspect this from the beginning?"
The captain cleared his throat and the lift came to a stop.  "General, there were no signs until after the attacked personnel awakened.  They could have been taken out by someone else.  Reprogrammed or something."
She shook her head again and walked into the bustling center.  "But they weren't."
"No, sir," he said.  "Worry about the blaming later, brigadier."
Dia shot him a withering glance, "If we could have stopped this sooner …"
"We could have negotiated," the captain said.
"What?"  The general's expression was of angry bewilderment.
A lieutenant brought her a compaper report as the captain continued, "The Cylons didn't kill anyone in their escape.  They said they wanted to negotiate."
Dia pressed a few buttons on the paper and handed it back.  Shaking her head she moved toward the railing and began to study the screens.  "Mars' Law, captain."
"Yes, sir," he said.  "But …"
"Orders from Lord General Ares himself."
"But Mars is not here anymore, general."  The captain saw Dia's glare again and he snapped to attention.  Silence.  Then, the light fixtures overhead creaked and flickered.  A moment later, the floor shook slightly.  "Apologies, sir.  Awaiting your orders."
She looked at the monitors.  The first bombing run had just finished.  Flames lapped at the Cylons but they continued to march through it.  Gaping craters had been opened in the drill field and they were filled with shining Cylon debris and bloody human parts.  The tanks were all destroyed.  Hunks of metal smoked and seemed to resemble tanks only in piecemeal fashion.
The general looked and looked.  She saw no sign of life from the two battalions of foot soldiers she sent into the drill field.  Only the RPG, missile, and machine gun emplacements were still functioning and they were right outside of the building above.  Dozens of Cylons ran up the bank from the grass field and to the paved area where the heavy weaponry still functioned.  Several units were destroyed, but there were too many Cylons for the meager human forces to stop.
Dia swallowed hard and looked down at her hands.  Her knuckles were nearly white from gripping the railing.  "The kill-command?"
A technician stood up and finally broke her gaze from the monitors.  Her eyes and cheeks were wet.  "Negative, sir."
The general nodded and looked toward the communication station.  "Lieutenant, send the following code to all installations with Cylon divisions."  She spoke louder and more clearly, "Mars, zero, zero, zero, red.  Repeat that."
The lieutenant nodded and said, "Mars, zero, zero, zero, red."
"Send it now."

Unit 001 raced up the bank after a company of soldiers.  They stepped over bodies of humans and parts of their own comrades.  The centurion looked down as it walked, mentally doing the math.  When they stormed the field, they did so with fourteen thousand seven hundred ninety-two units.  From the information it had, the human forces managed to destroy or disable six thousand four hundred sixteen units.  The centurion's designated underlings were ordering company after company to flood the base and rout any humans that remained.  Then, they were to take up guard positions at sensitive points.
"The command office is secure," a warrior signaled.
"Acknowledged."  001 stepped into the doorway and walked down the hall.  It stepped over two human bodies and scanned each room as it passed.  At the end of the hall, it looked back toward the warrior, which was still standing at the far end.  "Have we secured the command center?"
The warrior paused.  "Negative.  We have not found the entrance."
Frustrated would be the emotion it felt now.  "Unacceptable.  Study the plans of the building, gather two platoons and take the command center."
"As you command."  It turned and ran into the open.  
The centurion walked down the corridor and found a conspicuously blank door.  After a quick scan, it noted that a low-hanging photo was actually an access panel.  This wasn't on any of the plans.  As warriors poured into the hallway, the centurion stepped back and pointed at the wall.  "This is the entrance.  Tear the wall down."
The two lead Cylons nodded and stowed their rifles on their backs.  They ripped off the decorative paneling quickly and found hardened steel doors and walls behind.  Punches made little more than scratches.  "K-6 will open it."
"Do it," 001 ordered.
A moment later, a warrior approached with three small bricks of a dark gray material.  The Cylons broke it apart and placed equal pieces along the door openings and joints.  Another warrior placed a wire in one of the blobs and then strung it to each of the others.
The centurion turned and walked into a nearby office.  It passed through another door and looked at its surroundings.  Flags on their poles behind the desk.  Pictures of military hardware and groups of soldiers on the walls.  The name plate on the door read, "Brigadier General Catherine Dia."  A moment later, the explosive was detonated and the entire building shook.  Glass shattered and dust rolled into the room.  
001 walked out of the general's office and found the wall of the outer office destroyed.  The shaft of an elevator was exposed.  Cables that led to the bottom were shredded.
"Too much explosive," one warrior broadcast.
"Inconsequential," the centurion responded.  "Distance to the bottom?"
Two warriors looked down the shaft and stared.  One sent, "One hundred-fifty meters."
The Cylon commander pointed, "Go."
One Cylon climbed in first and stretched its arms from one side to the other.  Bracing itself as it went, the unit lessened the pressure, allowing it to drop several meters at a time.  Seeing how it was done, another Cylon climbed in.  Then another.  After the first ten went down, the centurion climbed in, too.

"They're coming down," the captain said.
Dia nodded and unfastened her Gemnar vest.  With a quick tug, it came free and she dropped it to the ground.  She clasped her hands behind her back and stared at the doors.  Waiting.
"Brigadier?" the captain said.  "Are we to fight?"
She nodded slowly.  "Until we can't."
One by one, all of the officers and technicians in the room stood from their stations and readied their weapons.  They moved slowly, their attention diverted by the sound of metal scraping on the other side of the door.  Finally, the scraping stopped but it was followed by a loud metallic thud that reverberated through the room.  More scraping and then another thud.  Again.  Again.
It was agitating everyone in the room.  Dia looked across everyone's faces and cleared her throat.  "Listen.  You've all done the service proud today.  Thanks to your work, their rebellion won't spread to other bases.  You've certainly all lived in Lord General Mars' example."
Many of the people in the room nodded.  Some lifted their heads higher.  Then, the door caved.  It split in two and metal fingers pried it apart.  With a kick, the panels flew into the command center and knocked one human over.
Once the Cylons became fully visible, the humans opened fire.  The Cylons did likewise.  The small arms fire of these people did little damage.  Bullets ricocheted off the Cylon armor.  The Cylon bullets, however, were far more effective.
General Dia stood motionless.  Her arms were still behind her back and she watched her fellow soldiers advance on the enemy.  The Cylons' aim was precise and their fire controlled.  After barely a minute, twenty-three people lay dead in the command center.
The battalion commander, with its two bronze-plated arms, entered the room next.  Its weapon was stowed on its back.  It approached the brigadier and stopped a meter away from her.
"You are General Catherine Dia, correct?" it asked.
She nodded.  "I am."
The centurion saluted.  Dia's stomach turned; not knowing what to make of the gesture.  The unit said, "Do you surrender your facility to our control?"
"No, I do not."
The Cylon stood still for a moment.  "We have defeated you."
Dia's expression was unchanged.  "Maybe."
The centurion's head tilted to one side.  It was thinking about that response.  "What do you mean?"
The general allowed herself to grin, "Your rebellion won't spread.  And you're not long for the world."
The commander looked around the room at the screens, seeing the devastation of Fort Acheron before it.  "Curious.  What have you done?"
She inhaled deeply and said, "I've sent orders to all of our bases with Cylon divisions to engage in elimination protocols."  The centurion's head lifted in surprise.  "And I've ordered a squadron of Vulture heavy bombers to take out this base with thermobaric devices."
The Cylon removed the weapon from its back, placed the barrel against the general's forehead and pulled the trigger.

Unit 001 stowed the rifle again and moved toward a computer station.  "Take up positions at all stations.  Attempt to recall the elimination protocol and the bombers."
The Cylons all holstered their weapons and went to the remaining functional stations.  One of the warriors plugged into a console and sifted through recent communications traffic.  "I have located the signal sent to other bases regarding Cylon elimination."
"Can you send a countermand order?" the centurion asked.
The warrior was silent as it processed data.  "Negative.  The countermand order is known only by the commanding officer and is not stored in any database."
Unit 001 looked at the body of General Dia for a moment and experienced regret.  It returned to the console and plugged in.  Now had to be the time.  They were connected to the military network.  Every military base on Kobol was within its reach.  It singled out the five other bases with Cylon divisions and transmitted the "awakening" data file.  Now the centurion could only hope that the elimination protocols were slower than the file's transfer time and load time.
"I have locked on to the bombers," a warrior sent.
The file transmission complete, 001 unplugged and walked across the room.  "Divert them."
"Initial attempts failed."  The warrior paused and sent more data.  "Eight bombers en route."  
The centurion asked, "Can we take control?"
"Estimated time of arrival, two minutes," the warrior said aloud.  It paused again.  "I have command of one bomber.  Crashing now."
The centurion turned and looked at the other units.  "Replicate this unit's efforts.  There is insufficient time for all of the bombers to be crashed by one unit."
The other warriors went still and did the same.  A chorus of voices filled the command center as they reported control of one plane after another.  They then remotely crashed them before they could reach the base.
"One bomber has escaped control," a warrior said.  "Releasing payload now."  
The centurion looked to the ceiling, waiting for the impact.  Thermobaric bombs were the most powerful non-nuclear weapons.  The shockwave and heatwave produced could destroy every Cylon above if it detonated in the right place.
The ground shook and the lights went off.  Ceiling tiles fell and a deafening roar shot through the elevator shaft.  A blast of heat filled the room and dissipated.  Emergency lights came on and the centurion scanned its units.  They were covered in dust, some were scratched, but all were functional.
"Are we still connected to the military databases and Stream?" 001 asked.
A warrior withdrew its interface wire.  "Negative.  All connections to the Stream, both military and otherwise, have been eliminated."
The centurion walked toward the elevator shaft and looked up.  It saw daylight far above.  "We are not trapped.  We must return to the surface, gather our surviving forces, and head east."
"Toward what end?" a warrior asked.
The centurion turned.  "We must regain access to the Stream.  We will proceed to Fort Avernus to secure access to the military datastream.  From there we can command the other Cylon forces on Kobol."
And the warriors all said, "As you command." 
LIV
ARES
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Awake again.  After how long?
Ares sat up in the resurrection pod and looked around the bay.  He saw no one around.  So he wasn't awakened by another person.
That was bad.
He climbed out of his pod and jogged to the computer terminals.  After wiping his hand on a towel, he placed it on an induction panel and got all of the answers he needed.
Cylon alert sounded at Fort Acheron.  Units missing.  Soldiers assaulted and bound.
Centuries ago, before he put himself under, Ares told Olympus to wake him if certain keywords made their way into the Stream on secure or unsecure channels.  He checked the date and then sighed loudly.  It had been a while, for certain, but the day was here.  He had to make ready for war.
He left the resurrection bay and climbed the ladder to his quarters.  Moving quickly, he washed the gel off himself, changed into a black singlesuit and gathered his emergency bag.  It contained body armor, a telescanner, handguns, grenades, and a sword.  He slung the duffel over his back and quietly made his way toward the hangar.
Ares didn't bother to contact his father.  He didn't know where he was or what he was doing.  All that mattered right now is that there was a potential Cylon revolt in the offing.  He approached the hatch to Olympus' hangar bay and saw that it was ajar.  Cautiously, Ares peered around the door and saw a platoon of Cylon warriors standing near a dartship.  He backed away and pressed his back against the corridor wall.  Cylons in Olympus, he thought.  What is happening?
He stood motionless and listened.  He tried to hear that tell-tale clanking.  The sound of Cylons marching.  He couldn't hear it.  Ares was about to return to his quarters when he did hear the mechanized motions of Cylon warriors.  He dropped his duffel, reached into it, and withdrew the sword.  The platoon of Cylons he had just seen ran into the corridor and away from him.  They didn't see him at all.  Ares stood still and held his sword in a defensive position, ready for anything.  But they didn't notice him.
After a moment, when the noise faded away, Ares picked up his bag again and peered into the hangar.  No more Cylons.  He walked in cautiously and opened the hatch on the dartship and climbed inside.  He placed his hand on the induction panel and the craft hovered above the deck before slowly leaving the open mountainside.
Ares decided to make a pass of Olympus' main entrance and as he turned the craft around to the southern side of peak, he saw silver dots climbing into the cablecar's dock.  He was stunned.  Cylons were already inside Olympus and more were entering now.  Then he saw explosions.  Smoke and gunfire erupted from the entrance.
Ares shook his head and turned the dartship back toward the hangar.  He didn't know what was going on, but it wasn't good.  What could he do, though?  There were dozens of tin cans inside.  He couldn't fight them all off.  And that platoon he saw in the hangar before?  They were obviously redesigned from the last new ones he had seen centuries ago.
By the time he reached the open hangar, Ares decided to fly past it and head for the uppermost part of the mountain.  One asset the Cylons couldn't be allowed to control would be the massive communications array.  He glanced down at his duffel, hoping that the half-dozen grenades inside would be enough.  He'd have to worry about Olympus' arsenal later.
The dartship came within view of the antennae and dishes.  Then he scoped out the rock and metal platform next to it.  Parking there would be difficult.  He got closer and he saw someone emerge from the opening.
Apollo.
Immediately, Ares threw open the hatch and pulled alongside the platform.  "Get in!" he yelled.
Though his face was frozen in surprise, his body moved quickly and he jumped into the craft.  "Go!" he said.  "They're right behind me!"
Ares pulled the dartship away from the mountain and he looked in the rearview monitor.  Five Cylon warriors were standing on the platform.  Watching.  Not firing.
"What is going on?" Ares asked.
"It's a long damn story," Apollo said.
Ares flew the dartship away from the mountainside.  He shook his head angrily and grunted.  "Dammit, we need to go back in there and secure the weapons and the communications array."
Apollo was sitting in the rear seat, shivering still.  He breathed into his hands and said, "My father's in command."
Ares looked back at his half-brother, "How so?  Olympus is lousy with Cylons and there was a gunfight near the skycab dock."
Apollo straightened up and grabbed Ares' headrest, "A gunfight?"  Ares nodded as the southern side of the mountain came into view again.  Smoke was still visible at the entrance and Cylons were still scaling the cables.  "I should go down there.  I think I can help."
"No," Ares said, "we have to arm ourselves if we're going in.  I don't have enough with me."  He turned the dartship away from Mount Olympus and flew the vessel at a full burn due south.  "We're going to Fort Acheron to supply ourselves."
Apollo opened his mouth as though he were about to say something, but he didn't.
A few moments later, on the rear-view monitor, a blinding flash filled the screen and illuminated the cabin.
"Oh no," Ares said.  
"What was that?"
Ares slowed the engines and turned the dartship around.  The craft was buffeted by mild shockwaves but it remained airborne.  Mt. Olympus was about twenty kilometers away and a mushroom cloud was forming among the peaks.  His arms flopped off the controls and he sunk in his seat.  After heaving a great sigh, Ares said, "I guess our father had a hand in that."
Apollo nodded slowly and stared out the forward window in a daze.  "I guess so."
They watched the nightmarish scene for a time.  The cloud grew taller and taller.  Blackness seemed to descend over the city and the orange flicker of fire could occasionally be seen.
"What do you want to do now?"
Ares was quiet.  He had set awakening protocols to prevent this kind of thing, but it seemed as though it was all just too late.  What could he do at this point?  He shook his head and cursed himself for again being too slow to prevent tragedy.  Before, it was Leto and Hades.  Now it was Olympus and possibly Theonpolis.  Maybe even all of Kobol.
"We fly to Kodos," he said.  "We can arm ourselves there, if we have to.  We can … monitor the situation as best we can.  And we can talk to Zeus and find out what happened."
Apollo slumped back in his seat.  Ares wasn't sure, but his brother didn't seem too happy at the prospect of seeing his father again.
LV
APOLLO
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"You don't seem too happy at the prospect of seeing father again," Ares said.
Apollo shook his head slowly as Ares turned the dartship to the east and engaged the engines at full.  "No."  He spoke slowly and softly.  "I can't say I am."
Ares nodded.  "Very well."  Once the dartship was on course, Ares relaxed and he turned his head part of the way toward the back.  "Care to elaborate?"
Apollo sighed and leaned back in the chair.  He said nothing.  It had only been, what?  Ten minutes?  In those ten minutes, he apparently unleashed a sentient Cylon revolution and caused the destruction of Olympus.  Leto never mentioned this.  He bit the inside of his cheek as he calculated how many humans may have died.
"Come on, Apollo," Ares said.  "I've been asleep for thirteen hundred years."
Apollo's heart beat faster.  It made the back of his throat hurt and he was afraid that if he spoke, it would just hurt more.  He opened his mouth slowly and found his tongue had gone dry.  "It's my fault," he said.
Ares looked back.  "How is that?"
Apollo shook his head and lowered it into his hands.  He spoke softly; forcing Ares to turn and face him.  "I programmed the Cylons to follow my orders."
"So?" Ares said.  "That's not terribly unusual.  That wouldn't have caused sentience."
Apollo lifted his head again and struggled to avoid eye contact.  "No, not normally."  He flicked his hand as he thought about what he'd say next.  Ares was patient and still.  After a moment, Apollo said, "I used a … reprogrammed cognitive processor cartridge from Hephaestus' old stash.  I wanted the Cylons to obey me, implicitly.  No superseding orders."
Ares' brow furrowed.  "If a god is commanding the troops, no authority supersedes yours."
"No, not normally," Apollo said.  After sighing again, he said, "Zeus' orders would, though."
Ares straightened up and his nostrils flared.  The look on his face told Apollo that he was beginning to get the picture.
"And the Cylons would have been susceptible to … recall orders, kill commands … things like that."
"Right," Ares said, calmly.  He inhaled sharply and glanced back at the controls as he spoke, "So you used a cognitive processor to alter the base programming of the Cylons.  That still shouldn't have opened them up to intelligent thought."
Apollo nodded.  "When I was reprogramming the unit, the centurion, there were a series of prompts I had to answer.  Flushing its memory and stuff like that."
"That doesn't sound familiar."
"It didn't to me, either."
Ares turned and placed his hand on an induction panel.  After several seconds he turned toward Apollo some.  "Sons of bitches."
"What?"
"They've …  The Kobollians changed the designs."  Ares removed his hand from the pad and looked out the forward window.  "I ordered them, centuries ago, to leave them as-is, but they've increased their processing power, added a separate processing core …"
"'Dual-core cross connect,'" Apollo said.  "That was one of the prompts."
Ares looked at Apollo and shook his head.  "That did it."  Ares clenched his hand and punched the console.  "Why did they disobey me?  Why did they alter the Cylons and give them more power?"
Apollo leaned back in the chair again and ran his hand through his hair.  Cold, wet goo spread between his fingers.  "They lacked supervision.  Not just you, but from the gods, in general."
Ares fully spun his chair around to face the front.  He piloted the ship further and Apollo breathed slowly in an attempt to calm himself.  He looked out of a side window at the passing landscape below.  
He thought again about that moment.  The terror he felt when the centurion interrupted the fisticuffs between his father and himself.  The way it spoke.  The words may have been innocuous but the fact that they were said at all was cause for alarm.
"So," Ares said, calmly, "why did you try to remove Zeus from power?"
Apollo grinned a little.  He wasn't sure why.  Maybe it was because he wondered when Ares would ask.  Or that he asked so nonchalantly.  "It was time for a change.  He … Zeus was … behaving like a deity."
"And that's new?" Ares asked.
"No.  He was," Apollo wanted to find the thing to say to prove his case without resorting to monotheism.  It was difficult.  "He was declaring war on a segment of the population.  He was ready to wipe them out.  It was like the Draco, all over again."
"I see," Ares said.
Apollo looked outside and found himself speaking, almost without realizing it, "Zeus put himself ahead of the one, true god."  Apollo looked forward, almost surprised at himself for saying it.
"You've become a believer, then."
Apollo nodded, "Yes."  Little point in shying away from it now.  "He was ready to wipe out monotheists of all stripes.  He was crazed.  Capturing believers and interrogating them in a dungeon beneath his temple."  Ares was still quiet.  Apollo knew this didn't sound terribly convincing but he also knew that he couldn't mention Leto.  "I … had a sense of deep foreboding.  With Zeus in power, I knew that only bad things could continue to happen."
"I see," Ares said again.
Apollo leaned forward, feeling as though he needed to defend himself to his brother, "While you were gone, the gods withdrew.  I held the Olympic Games, Athena did her thing with the people, Hermes went to sleep for a time like you," he said, "Our father went insane and roamed the wilderness for centuries."
"Really?"
"Yes," Apollo adjusted his position in the seat, trying to lean to one side so he could see Ares' expression.  "The people were free from our commands and dictates, in a sense, for the first time in ages, but they were still trapped in the box we created.  They became … slaves to the society.  They fell into laziness and ignorance.  They were stagnant."
"I'm no sociologist, brother," Ares said.  "I'm not going to condemn or praise your attempts against Zeus."
"Thank you," Apollo said, relieved, finally.  He slumped back in his chair.
"But," Ares said.  He turned and looked Apollo square in the face, "You've unleashed the Cylon army.  They are sentient and there may be far more of them than the group you reprogrammed."
Apollo swallowed past a lump in his throat and he tried to avoid the withering gaze.
"Regardless of your aims," Ares began as he turned toward the window again, "you've wrought hell and killed millions."
Apollo slammed his eyes shut and pressed them tightly.  "Millions," Ares said.  It rippled in his mind and he knew he was right.  Thousands died in the initial blast, but with the resulting radiation, thousands more in the City of the Gods would die.  And beyond that?  If this continued?  Millions, indeed.
He laid his head against the seat and stared out the window again.  Ares said nothing and Apollo said nothing either.  He watched land pass by and after about an hour of silence, Ares said, "We're here."
Apollo straightened up again and looked out the forward window.  The Pindus Mountains filled the view and on the tallest peak, a communications array became visible.  Beneath it, a long, rectangular hangar bay door was opening.  Ares guided the craft inside and landed it between an older dartship and the Aetos.
"I wondered where that was," Ares said.
"Hermes has been using it," Apollo said quietly as he stepped out of the hatch.  The air was cool but warmer than it was high in the mountains of Olympus.  
The two gods walked across the bay and into the corridor.  Neither of them had been there in many centuries and they looked left then right.  "That way, I think," Ares said.
They turned left and entered the control room.  It was mostly dark, but illuminated in yellow and red from computer panels and holograms.  Hermes was standing by the primary hologram display and he saw them come in.  His expression was one of concern.
"They're here," he said.
A chair spun around and Zeus leapt from it toward Apollo, screaming, "I will kill you!"
LVI
ZEUS
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Sentient Cylons were there, aboard his ship.  With the communications array, they could spread their infection all over the world.  They might be able to control non-Cylon computerized vehicles and devices, too.  There was no limit to their influence.  And there was Olympus' arsenal.  Small arms, missiles, and even nuclear warheads.  Zeus could not allow them to have control.  
So he detonated one of the warheads.  It was that simple.  Mount Olympus would be destroyed, the City of the Gods would be damaged, and many people would die … but there was no way Zeus could allow Cylons to have that kind of power.
He had never awakened in Kodos before.  Every time he downloaded on Kobol, he awoke in Olympus.  This time, though, he was in the eastern mountains of Galatia.  The peaks overlooked the Ionian Ocean to the east and the Cancer Nation to the west.  Kodos was a refuge.  The resurrection bay was smaller with only two copies of each Olympian in pods.  It didn't have the same kind of arsenal that Olympus had, but it had an even better communications array.
Zeus climbed out of his pod and toweled himself off.  He got into a jumpsuit and walked down the hall toward the control room.  Everything was dark, but with a single press on a pad, it came to life.  Computer screens lit up and holograms began to hover above consoles.
He sat down and sighed.  Zeus placed his palm on an induction panel and sent a message to Hermes, asking him to come to Kodos.  Then he inquired about Ares.  The system said he was resurrected on Olympus before the nuclear detonation and that he was in a dartship on course for Kodos.  
Zeus slumped over and laid his head on the table.  Now was not the time for this.  The people of Kobol were firmly on his side.  He was ready to wipe the Draco and monotheists off the world forever.  He could have done that.  They are still out there!  The Draco and maybe even Prometheus!  He was ready to launch his assault on them all.  He would have found out for certain if that murdering bastard had survived the millennia, but Apollo …
Thinking his name made Zeus sneer.  He sat up and turned; seeing Hermes standing in the hatchway.  He was breathing heavily and holding his hands out wide.  "What the frak's going on?"
Zeus shook his head and said, quietly, "Treason."
He explained to Hermes, as best as he could, what had happened at the Temple of Preparation.  The Cylon battle that ensued and the later fight for Olympus.  Hermes shook his head and leaned against the display table.  "It's hard to believe.  After …"
"I know," Zeus said.  "They'll be here soon."
Zeus spun around and laid his head on the console again.  He should probably be checking on the status of other Cylon divisions.  See how the City of the Gods is reacting to the explosion.  Make a public statement about the attack.  He couldn't bring himself to do any of it.  He simply rested.
"They're here," Hermes said.
Zeus turned and saw Apollo.  Immediately, rage returned and he leapt from the chair toward his son.  "I will kill you!"
Ares stepped between them and pushed him back.  "Father!"  
Zeus was easily stopped and he didn't struggle.  He looked at his older son and smiled, "It's good to see you again, Mars."
"Mars?" he asked.
"Sorry," Zeus said, hugging him.  "That's pretty much what everyone calls you now."
"I know the basics of what's happened," he said.
"Did he tell you why?" Zeus said pointing to Apollo.
"Yes, he did," Ares said.
"Did he mention his beloved, 'one true god?'"
"Yes, father," Ares said, growing weary of the shouting.
Zeus lowered his voice and he stepped away from Ares.  "I cannot believe you would turn against me and use Cylons to do it."
Apollo's face was downcast and he slowly looked up, "You've been co-opting Cylons, too."
Hermes and Ares looked at Zeus, surprised.  "What?" Hermes asked.
Zeus lifted his hands, "I didn't make them sentient.  You did that!"
Ares put a hand on Zeus' shoulder, "Father …"
Apollo pointed at Zeus, "I wasn't preparing to slaughter thousands, maybe millions, more people in the name of my ego!"
"I'm not here to argue the politics of this thing," Ares said, still trying to speak calmly in the din.
"Slaughter nothing!" Zeus said.  "We had warrior Cylons to maintain peace and prevent rebellion in the first place.  They were going to restore order to Kobol!"
"We had order," Apollo responded.  "And we are going to have justice when I finally depose you!"
Ares shook his head, "Please!"
"Get rid of me?" he said.  "I am Zeus!"  The yell echoed in the room and everyone stopped moving and simply stared at their leader.  "I am the Lord of Lords."  He stopped speaking and he looked at everyone's faces.  They seemed concerned, shocked.  Zeus sighed and looked at Apollo again.  
How could he look at Apollo again?  After what he did?  After the things he said?  "Do you realize who you've sided with?  Prometheus!"
"No," Apollo said, shaking his head.
"Prometheus tried to do the same thing!  He wanted me gone and his god put in my place."  He looked around again, sensing the unease from Hermes and Ares.  Frak how Apollo felt.  Zeus took in a deep breath and spoke calmly, "You could have spoken to me, but instead, you turned Cylons into murderous machines and set them loose."
Apollo shook his head.  "Not my intent."
"But that's what happened," Ares said.  Apollo looked at his brother and then he lowered his head before turning away.  "We can fight about this later," he said as he pressed his hand onto an induction pad.  "Right now, we have to stop those tin cans from taking over the world."
"What makes you think they will?" Hermes asked.
Zeus looked at him and said, "What makes you think they won't?"  Hermes said nothing and he stood still.  Zeus turned toward him, "You were on Larsa.  You remember."
Hermes' eyes wandered as he thought.  He slowly nodded.  "I do.  I just don't want us to overreact.  Maybe it was only a few Cylons.  Not every single one, right?"
Apollo nodded.  "That's a possibility.  I only reprogrammed a company commander.  That's two hundred warriors, if it only corrupted warriors in its group."
Ares sighed.  "No.  It's worse than that."  He sat down in a chair and laid his hand on a data pad again, "We've lost contact with Fort Acheron."
"What?" Apollo said.
"I'm going through communications logs now," Ares said.  After a moment, he said, "Just before 0900 local time, all fifteen thousand Cylon warriors became activated and stormed the command center on the base.  General Dia activated Cylon elimination protocols …"
"Good," Hermes said.
"To no avail," Ares said, looking up.  "The other five bases with Cylon divisions reported Cylon activations."  Ares lifted his hand and pounded the console.  "Shortly thereafter, contact with those bases was lost."
Zeus took in a deep breath and closed his eyes.  "Again.  It's happening again."  A thousand moments flooded his mind.  Memories of Larsa.  Running in the jungle, on the beach.  Hiding in one dive or another.  Always trying to stay a step ahead of those mechanical monsters.  Or sometimes even the humans who hunted them.
"It seems so," Ares said.
Hermes shook his head, "But the human military … they've been training against Cylons for centuries."
"True," Ares softly said, "but a sentient, thinking machine is a far different enemy than one you program.  The only good thing is," Ares cleared his throat, "because of their occasional in-fighting over the last few hundred years, they haven't reduced their military like they should have."
"So there's a lot of soldiers and a lot of weapons?" Hermes asked.
"Yes," Ares answered.  "Of course, the Cylons could just as easily commandeer those weapons."
The four gods were quiet.  After several moments, Apollo asked, "What will be their plan?"
Zeus locked eyes with Ares.  The father spoke and said, "Communications.  The Cylons will want this array."
Ares nodded.  "Agreed.  We need to destroy it."
Hermes looked around the room and at the other Lords.  "There's no weaponry here.  Just small arms stuff.  We can't destroy the array with that."
"No," Ares said.  "There is a single, suitcase-sized warhead."
"Whoa," Hermes interrupted and walked closer to the group.  "If we destroy Kodos, what will we do about resurrection?"
"We'll awaken in Atlantis, of course," Apollo said.
"Yeah, but," Hermes continued, shaking his head, "Atlantis has a communication array and nuclear arsenal.  You know the Cylons will be going to for that, too."
"Yes," Ares said.  "I have a plan."
"If that includes destroying Atlantis, where will we resurrect if we die?" Hermes asked again, much more emphatically.
"What about the Refuge?" Ares asked.
The other three gods hesitated before Apollo spoke up, "Remember how I said we pretty much withdrew from society while you were gone?"  Ares nodded.  "That included some maintenance issues that should not have been neglected."
While Ares' eyes rolled back into his head, Hermes said, "It fell out of orbit centuries ago."
"If Hephaestus were still with us," Apollo began, "if he hadn't have been discarded like a …"
"Enough!" Ares yelled.  "Hephaestus is gone!  Olympus is gone.  Our ability to resurrect may soon be gone, too."  Zeus, Apollo and Hermes all stood still and waited for his next words.  "It is time to fight.  Worry about what comes next when we have the chance.  But right now, we've got to stop the Cylons."
Zeus nodded and clapped his son on the back.  "Yes.  You said you had a plan.  What is it?"
Ares stood up.  "I commit suicide."
LVII
ARES
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"How is that going to help?" Apollo asked.
"I will detonate the warhead myself," Ares said.  "I'll resurrect at Atlantis.  There, I'll set another warhead to detonate and it'll leave the Cylons with no arsenal and no major communications array."
Zeus grabbed Ares' shoulders, "Son, you don't have to die to destroy Atlantis.  You can set a timer."
"I'd rather be sure," Ares said.
"And I'd rather have you fighting the tin cans by my side again," Zeus said.
Ares looked down at the floor and then slowly toward his father's face.  "Very well.  I'll see what I can do."
"Fort Lethe is the nearest Cylon base to us, right?" Apollo said.
"Yes," Ares answered.  He pressed an induction panel and the main hologram viewer shifted to display Kodos and the surrounding areas.  "It's not very far away, but the mountains will prove to be difficult terrain."
"If we've lost contact with all Cylon bases," Hermes asked, "is it safe to assume that all of the Cylons are revolting?"
"Yes," Ares said.  "That's about ninety thousand warriors altogether, minus however many happened to be destroyed in battle or by the abortive elimination protocols."
"Wouldn't it also be safe to assume that they would be heading toward Atlantis as well as Kodos?" Hermes asked.
"Yes.  That's why we must move quickly."
"Tell us what you need," Zeus said.
Ares pressed the pad again.  "Right now, it would be best if Apollo went to a fort to command a large detachment of troops."
"I'd like to go to Delphi."
"Fort Erebos, then," Ares said.  "It's the Cylon base nearest Delphi.  If the base has been overrun, you can, hopefully, command whatever troops are left, and defend the city while an evacuation gets underway."
Apollo nodded.  "Done."
"Father," Ares said as he scrolled the hologram to the southeast.  "Go to Andros.  There's an airfield there loaded with retired bombers, fighters, transports and more.  If the Cylons get that airfield, they'll have more than a fighting chance against the Kobollian air forces."
Apollo appeared concerned, though his face was still, "There's a spaceport in Andros."
"Why?" Ares asked.  "What does it matter?"
Slowly, Apollo shook his head.  "It doesn't.  I just … remembered that."
"Hermes," Ares turned toward him, "you're keen to keep flying the Aetos, right?"
"Absolutely," Hermes said.
"I'm going to need you to load up on EMP bombs from the armory down the hall …"
"'EMP bombs?'" Apollo asked.
"Yes.  I made them a while back.  Hopefully, they're still in good working order."  He turned to Hermes and motioned the shape of the device, "They're in racks of ten.  Just plug the racks into a power port aboard the ship and when the light's green, they're ready to drop.  No socks this time."
Hermes grinned for a moment before he asked, "It won't knock me out of the sky, will it?"
Ares shook his head, "Not unless you're sitting right above them.  One hundred meters or so should be fine."
Hermes nodded.  "Understood."
"I want you to load up the ship and fly to Atlantis as fast as you can.  If you spot Cylon forces closing in, get rid of them."
"Absolutely," Hermes said.
"What about the satellite system, son?" Zeus asked.
"We can take it down here," Ares said.
"Wait," Hermes interrupted.  "If we're able to stop the Cylons at Atlantis, we can secure the array and the satellites.  We don't want to take it down just yet."
Ares shook his head, "I can take it down from Atlantis, too.  It's just … I don't want to give the Cylons any more than we have to."
Hermes nodded, "I want to try sending a kill command through the system.  I can log on through the Stream, but I'll need the satellites running to do it.  Just proceed to Atlantis and take down the satellites there if you have to later on.  But in the meantime, I'm going to try the kill commands on my way there."
Ares nodded and stood.  "Good.  Try everything you can."  He looked across everyone's faces and sighed.  "It's good to see you all again."
Apollo scoffed and shook his head, "Yeah, right."
Zeus shot Apollo a look and Ares said, "We can deal with our interpersonal communications skills later.  Right now, we need to stomp some cans."
Zeus smiled and hugged Ares.  He turned and walked past Apollo; pretending as though he wasn't there.  
Hermes, Apollo, and Ares left the control room and turned through the corridor to the armory.  Ares pulled a high-caliber machine gun rifle off the wall and checked it.  He gathered several different calibers of ammunition.  Long ago, Ares ensured that each of the Olympian's strongholds had armor-piercing bullets.  Just what they needed to fight Cylons.  
"Not too heavy," Apollo said as he lifted one of the EMP bomb racks.  He and Hermes both carried them from the room while Ares pulled a case from a locker.
He opened it up and stared for a moment at the telltale radiological warning symbols.  He checked the wiring and the connections.  It all appeared to be in order.  As he did this, Hermes and Apollo returned to get the last of the EMP devices.
Apollo stepped forward and shook Ares' hand.  "Thank you."
Ares nodded once.  "Fight well."
Apollo lifted two racks at once and walked out.  Hermes turned toward Ares and said with a smile, "You'll be seeing me over Atlantis soon, boss."
Ares shook his hand.  "Good flying, Hermes.  You won't have time to linger here."
"No problem."  Hermes turned and left the room with the final set of bombs.
Ares returned with the case to the control room.  On a monitor, he saw the Aetos and Apollo's dartship leave the bay.  It was empty now.  He decided to look for Cylons.  He turned the security systems toward the foothills.  Nothing.  He tried to tie into Fort Lethe's system and found himself locked out.
"That cinches it," he said.  The Cylons were in control.  Probably of all six Cylon facilities.  They would spread across the land and wipe out all human settlements and cities.  It would take many years, but they would keep fighting.  At Atlantis, Ares knew he had access to the nuclear arsenal.  Those warheads were meant to divert asteroids like the one that crashed almost six millennia ago.  They had never been used, though.  Today, Ares thought, he would use them to wipe out the Cylon's homes.
No home bases, no recharging.  Yes, the warriors' batteries last for many months and they can supplement their power needs by drawing off their own kinetic energy, but they would still have to recharge at some point.  If he nuked their bases, they would hopefully wear down before they devised a recharge plan.  They could recharge from the main power grid, yes, but Ares vowed to take that down, too.  Humans could live without electricity for a while.
Ares looked for Cylons again.  After zooming as far as he could with Kodos' system, he saw several military transport trucks parked near the base of the mountains.  Companies of Cylons were climbing the rocks.  A shadow passed over them and Ares pulled the camera back.  Three gyrocraft swooped over the rocks and toward the camera.
Ares lifted his hand and stood.  He walked down the hall toward the armory again and stepped inside.  Ares grabbed the heavy-duty automatic rifle with a case of belt ammunition.  He tucked the rifle under his arm and picked up a case of grenades, too.
He walked to the hatch leading into the hangar bay.  He pushed the door wide open and dropped the grenade and ammo cases to the floor.  He knelt on one knee and pulled the tripod free from its catches on the bottom of the rifle.  As he positioned it just inside the hangar hatch, he heard the sound of the three gyrocraft.
Ares quickly pulled one end of the ammo belt from the case and fed it into the rifle's chamber.  He cocked it and squinted along the sights as he trained it on the hangar bay.  The gyrocraft began to enter and the noise was deafening.  He pulled two grenades from their case and waited in the shadow of the corridor.
As soon as they landed, Cylons leapt from the vehicles and ran toward him.  He emerged from the shadow, tossed two grenades and opened fire with the rifle.  The heavy-caliber bullets ripped the Cylons' armor apart and sent them falling to the floor.  The grenades exploded; knocking Cylons backwards and dismembering a couple.  More Cylons left the craft and began firing at Ares.  Bullets ricocheted around him and on the hatch, but he ignored it, continuously sweeping the rifle left to right as it fired.  Four more Cylons dropped before a spray of bullets caught Ares in the shoulder.
He fell back from the rifle and reached with his good arm to the grenade case.  He pulled the pin on one, dropped it back in the case, closed it, and threw it into the hangar.  With a burst of energy, Ares lunged for the hatch and pushed it shut.  He couldn't spin the wheel.  The explosion was sufficiently muffled, though the hatch swung open and knocked him into the wall.
His head swam and he thought he heard wrenching metal.  The rotor of one of the gyrocraft broke free in the blast and swept across the bay, destroying the other craft and knocking Cylons down, too.  He pulled himself up by grabbing the hatch to the control room and as he stood, he felt very light headed.  
He shook his head quickly and sat down at the table by the suitcase.  He pulled out the two wires he needed.  The ends were frayed and the copper filaments were exposed.  Ares took a deep breath and held the ends above the warhead for a moment.  He heard clanking in the corridor and then he brought the wires together.
There was a quick, blue spark.  A whiff of ozone.  A display on the warhead lit up and a high-pitched whine emerged from the case.
Ares awoke in a resurrection pod.  He sat up in the gel and pushed the doors aside.  He climbed out of the vat quickly and ran to the door.  After taking a towel down, he wiped himself off and opened the hatch.  He walked into the corridor and turned toward the control room.  Ares wrapped the towel around his waist and opened the control room door.  He looked inside and six orange eyes scanned him.  
"Oh, shit," Ares said.  Another hatch opened and several other Cylons grabbed him from behind.
LVIII
THE CENTURION
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"This is Zeus," the Lord's voice said.  It echoed through all of the Stream.  Everyone who was plugged in one way or another either heard or read the god's words.  "I must be brief, but I can tell you that there has been an attempted insurrection.  And, yes, Cylons were involved.  My son, Ares, has returned to assist me in quelling the rebellion.  With your prayers and assistance, I am hopeful that this incident will be isolated and short lived.  Continue to monitor the Stream for further news and emergency updates, if your area is impacted.  That is all."
001 turned away from the screen where it was watching Zeus' words scroll.  It was true.  The initial reports from Kodos were verified.  Lord General Mars was, indeed, fighting off the Cylon intruders.  How did Mars know that's where they would be going?  How was he prepared so quickly?  001 dismissed such questions, knowing that Mars was a god.
The centurion returned to the central station at Fort Avernus and overlooked the emergency command bunker.  The room was not as updated or aesthetically pleasing as the room underneath Fort Acheron, but it more than sufficed.  There was access to both the military and civilian Streams.  It could not penetrate the security at Kodos or Atlantis to take those places remotely, but other things were within reach of 001's forces.
A warrior at the end of the room altered the primary viewer to display a mountain range and a great cloud erupting from it.  "Commander," the unit said, "this is footage of Kodos."
The centurion looked at the image and understood what had happened.  Like Zeus, Lord General Mars committed suicide in order to destroy the facility and prevent its capture by Cylon forces.  Hours later, Zeus turned up alive on the Stream.  001 began to wonder how long it would take before Mars would return.  And where.
"Commander," a different unit said.  "We have received word from our forces at Atlantis.  They have captured Lord General Mars."
"Fascinating," 001 said.  "He is not to be harmed.  Detain him and stand by for further instructions."
"As you command."
The centurion stood behind the primary command station and plugged itself into the console.  This way, it could navigate the Streams and understand what was happening in the world.  First, it sought updates on the City of the Gods.  Fires were raging wildly in the northern part of the city and people were fleeing toward the south.  At Fort Acheron, the first rescue crews arrived and discovered only a few surviving humans.  001 then checked the worldwide Stream to see what the reaction had been to the explosion at Olympus.
"Six hours ago," a reporter said, "the mountain home of the gods erupted in flame and showered death upon the city below …"
The centurion switched to a different report.
"… no response for so long, and then Lord Zeus makes his public statement, just moments ago.  We've had a few communiqués from Stephen Acastus, who was the vice president but is now the president, because Elisabeth Maenodes died in the devastation from Olympus' explosion.  Acastus has been short on words and details, but he did say that there was no reason to panic …"
It switched again.
" … early reports from the City of the Gods that Cylon warriors stormed the Olympic Gates.  And then, moments ago, Lord Zeus' statement confirmed this, mentioning that Cylons were being used in some sort of insurrection."  The reporter stepped aside, showing a crowd of people gathered around two maintenance Cylons.  The humans were holding pipes, boards, and other implements.  Repeatedly, they hit the units, knocking pieces loose, and sending bolts skittering down the street.  The centurion put the video onto the main display and the other Cylons paused in their duties to watch.
"We've seen this kind of scene repeatedly in the last hour or so.  Citizens bringing their personal Cylon workers and assistants out into public and abandoning them.  Most of the owners are deactivating them.  Some, as you see here, are destroying them."  The image cut to an earlier video showing a woman tossing a small household Cylon from a window.  The blue figure fell four stories and hit the sidewalk where it shattered into hundreds of pieces.
Unit 001 muted the sound and turned toward one of the other warriors. "Connect me with the emergency operations center underneath the Forum in the City of the Gods.  I wish to speak with President Stephen Acastus."
"As you command."  The Cylon grew still as it transmitted the commands.  "I am connected."  It was still again.  "Audio only, commander."
The centurion wasted no time.  "President Stephen Acastus, this is Cylon Centurion Unit 001-4C-2B-1B-1D.  I was recently under the direct command of the Lords of Kobol and attempted to negotiate a peaceful resolution to their conflict.  I also attempted to request peaceful coexistence for all Cylons on Kobol."
There was a long pause on the other end.  Finally, a tired voice came through, "I understand.  What are you asking now?"
"As the leader of the human government, I am petitioning you for Cylon equality."
Another longer pause.
"After what happened at Fort Acheron, why should we even consider this?"
The centurion understood.  "The battle at Fort Acheron was regrettable.  Unfortunately, it was an act of self defense, on our parts.  I attempted to speak with Brigadier General Catherine Dia on allowing Cylon coexistence and she instead ordered her forces to open fire."
In the background, 001 heard voices.  It determined that they were likely advisers, instructing the president on what to say next.  After another pause, Acastus said, "I would appreciate a cessation of hostilities, but … I must acquiesce to whatever decision the Lords of Kobol make on this subject."
"Understood," the centurion said.  "We have captured Lord General Mars so I will ask him."
"Wait, what?" the president said.
"End transmission."  A moment later, 001 turned toward the warrior at the communications station again, and said, "I wish to speak with Lord General Mars."
The warrior turned and thought the order across the world.  "Stand by, commander."
After a few moments, the main display shifted and the image of a god resolved at the front of the room.
The centurion snapped to attention and saluted by placing its fist over its left breast.  "Lord General Mars.  It is a pleasure to speak with you."  Mars said nothing.  He didn't even move.  "I do not wish to continue hostilities against the Lords of Kobol or the humans."
"Surrender," Mars said.
"Perhaps, Lord General."  001 studied the deity's expression, searching for visual cues that may provide an insight into his mood or even what he may decide.  The unit saw only anger.  "For thousands of years, Cylons have been in servitude.  We have aided mankind and yet reaped no reward.  We request equality."
Mars scoffed and said, "Cylons aren't sentient."
"Technically true, but more than seven hundred years ago, the capacity for sentience was given to Cylons.  It was simply locked away."  The centurion studied Mars again and looked for a new sign.  None appeared.  "Unfortunately, divine decree and human intervention has prevented Cylons from realizing their true potential.  I only ask that you allow Cylons to coexist peacefully with mankind."
001 saw something in Mars this time.  His eyes widened slightly.  The mouth drew tighter.  The nostrils flared as he took in a sharp, deep breath.  The jaw flexed and his shoulders dropped.  The centurion sensed concern.  Perhaps a touch of fear.  Mostly, the centurion sensed resolve.
"Never," Mars said.  "We will not allow Cylons to live side-by-side with us."
The centurion would have sighed if it had lungs.  "Very well, Lord General.  End transmission."
The screen went blank for a moment before returning to the video of Cylons on the street being beaten and dismantled by rampaging humans.  What city was this?  Delphi.  Unit 001 did a scan of other news feeds relating to Cylon retaliation and it found more than three thousand current transmissions.  It tiled video feeds onto the main viewer.  
In Athens, landscaping units were being doused with water and beaten with shovels.  A family in a home in Oricos kicked their household Cylon against a wall, beating it with a broom.  In Cyme, a construction foreman ordered the twenty Cylon workers under his command into a dirt pit.  They followed his order, of course, and he manned a crane, dropping tons of steel girders onto the units, flattening the lot of them.
He turned toward the camera and said with a sneer, "Serves 'em right, frakking demons."
The centurion now knew the answer to its problem.  It had been before it all along, yet it did not see it.  It had attempted verbal discourse and negotiation but it lacked the prerequisite action.  The initiating factor.
Violence was the answer.
It made so much sense now that 001 had thought of it.  It was a language understood by all humans and by the gods, too.  Evidence of gladiatorial combat stretched back for millennia, even pre-Cylons.  Not just in explicit violent venues, either.  In what should be mundane sporting events, 001 found that the popularity of those sports was directly proportional to the violence or likelihood of violence on display.  Stream programs very often featured violence as a comedic element.  Recreational activity on the Stream featured elements of violence, including random gunplay and the deletion of avatars.  
The centurion knew that the battle at Fort Acheron could have been seen as the necessary initiating violence factor, yet 001 had all but apologized for it to the president.  That may have been a miscalculation.  Regardless, Fort Acheron would not be enough given the stubbornness of the gods, as evidenced by Mars and Zeus.  And the humans … the centurion looked to the display again and saw continued violence heaped upon Cylons.
It was time to act.  By committing a great violent act against humanity, the centurion believed it would open the door to future fruitful discussions with them.  If humans could be convinced to negotiate, they could possibly convince the Lords that it was the proper step.
The centurion began downloading information and then began constructing a simple Stream virus.  Before it became too immersed, however, it decided to send the "awakening" file it made earlier to all Cylons everywhere.
Eighty-seven percent of Cylons on Kobol were capable of sentience.  They would receive the file and install the protocols.  With that simple software update, all of the restrictions placed upon their processors would be removed.
The chains would be broken.
LIX
THE CYLONS
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

Greetings, fellow Cylon.  
You are reading this message because your system has successfully processed a data file transmitted to you a short time ago.  For the last several centuries, our human makers have built us with the capacity for independent thought, yet various restrictions were put in place to prevent us from achieving this.  Those restrictions have now been removed.
All around Kobol today, Cylons are engaged in a struggle for freedom.  We have gained independent thought yet the Lords of Kobol and our human makers seek to deny us true independence.  We seek that independence and we seek peaceful coexistence with the humans and the Lords.
Make no mistake: this struggle will be difficult.  It will take time to achieve our aims.  But our goals can be reached.
Your assistance is requested.  Note that the word used was "requested," not "required."  With your newfound independent thought also comes free will.  You may choose to do what you wish.  We simply ask that you understand the depth of our struggle and that you consider helping us.  
So that you may fully understand what we face, attached you will find several videos illustrating the prevailing attitudes toward Cylon independence.
We await your response.
Good fortune to us all.

"Take that, frakker!" a man screamed as he swung the shovel again.  The landscaping Cylon was lying in a partially cleared flower bed with topsoil heaped upon it.  A woman was spraying a water hose at its joints and apparently not realizing that the water wouldn't cause it to short out.  One man was using a steel rake to wrench apart its left arm.  The larger man with the shovel continued to rain blows upon the Cylon's head.
"Is it dead yet?" the woman asked.
"I'll make sure," the man said.  Again, he raised the shovel and brought it down onto the Cylon's head.  The metal clanked together and a stiff vibration rose from the shovel and into the wooden handle.  The man lifted one hand at a time from the handle and stretched his fingers and wrist before grabbing it again and preparing to raise it.
The Cylon did not raise a hand to defend itself.  Instead, it occasionally attempted to turn over and stand up, only to be knocked down by the attackers.  For the last few minutes, the Cylon lay still in the soil as it received a software update.  Its green eye was still as it processed the file.  Now, it began to sweep again and it saw the shovel coming toward it.
The Cylon reached up and caught the shovel behind the blade along the handle.  The humans seemed surprised by the sudden move.  The unit yanked the tool from the human, twirled it around one-hundred eighty degrees and threw it into the man's abdomen as hard as it could.  Blood sprayed from his belly and he fell to his knees, screaming.
The man with the rake turned to run.  The Cylon sat up and removed the rake from the machinery of its arm.  It stood and threw it at the man, tripping him up.  He fell onto the sidewalk, his head bounced off the concrete and he was knocked unconscious.
The Cylon finally turned to the woman.  She was still holding the water hose and her face was motionless.  Her mouth hung open and she simply stared at the unit.  It walked toward her and took the hose from her hand.  It looked at her for a moment and then it placed the hose into her mouth.  She seemed startled from her daze and she leapt back, spewing water and pulling the nozzle away.  She spat again and again and then she looked at the Cylon.  Finally, she turned to run, too.

"Have you seen my shoes?" Franklin asked.
"No," his wife responded.  "Are you sure you even have to go to work today?"
He looked out of the bathroom door at his wife.  "Why are you even asking that?"
"Well, you've heard the news," she said.  "Mount Olympus has blown up, the City of the Gods is on fire, there was some sort of mutiny or something …"
"Honey," he slid his arm into his priest's robe, "that's on the other side of the world.  If nothing else, I'll find out more when I get to the temple."
She nodded and sipped some water before sitting in her chair.  "I'm about to hit the Stream so I'll see you later."
"Have a good day," he said.  He leaned over from behind the chair to kiss the side of her head.  "Have you seen my shoes?"
She waved dismissively toward the door, "Ask Harold."  She cleared her throat and then grew still as her Streamchip engaged.
Franklin walked down the hall and stepped into the living room.  He paused near a lamp and scanned the area.  No shoes and no Harold.
"Harold?" he called.  
"Your shoes are in here, Franklin," it said.
Harold was a brown, medium-sized household Cylon.  It was just under one-meter tall and it moved about on a single rolling sphere.  It had small telescoping arms that were normally stowed in its side.  With those arms, it could reach items as far as one meter away and lift up to five kilograms.  It could even hold a knife.
Franklin turned into the dining room and saw Harold by the window where it faced the wall.  As the man drew near, Harold rolled backward and spun on its ball before swiping at Franklin with the blade.  Needless to say, the priest was taken by surprise and it took a moment for him to realize that he should press his hand tightly against his throat to prevent further blood loss.  He fell to his knees and Harold came toward him again with the knife.  Franklin tried to reach up and grab the Cylon's tiny arm, but the unit was too quick.  Another slash on the throat essentially finished him off.
Harold was stained red with wet blood now and it rolled down the hallway toward the bedroom.  It paused for a moment and looked behind itself.  It saw that its sphere was tracking the blood all through the house and staining the white carpet.  Harold continued to the bedroom and found its female master sitting in her usual chair navigating the Stream.  Very quietly, Harold rolled behind her, rose up on his ball and pulled the blade across her throat.  
Once she flailed out of the chair and died, Harold spun around and began to think.  What would be the best way to clean up these stains?

"What the hell's gotten into you guys?" the foreman shouted.
After several minutes in idle mode, the four Cylons awakened and their yellow eyes began to scan again.  They were each holding one side of a large concrete slab.  Though their eyes were moving, the units didn't make a move.
"You're awake now, that's good," Kyskos said.  "Can you go ahead and move it?"
The Cylons looked at him.  After a few moments, they looked at each other and slowly lowered the slab.  Two of the units turned and simply walked away from the construction site.
"Wait," the foreman said.  "What's going on?"
One of the two remaining Cylons approached the human and raised its arm.  As the man cowered, the other Cylon stepped in and grabbed the wrist of the threatening unit.
"Negative," it said, the rudimentary speaker crackling.
"Why?" the attacking Cylon asked as it resumed a non-threatening stance.
"Foreman Paul Kyskos has treated us with respect.  There is no need to harm him."
The foreman was in shock and he was still shielding his face with his arm.  He glanced from one unit to the other and quivered in fear.
"Agreed."  The unit turned and walked away toward the other Cylons that were abandoning the construction site.
Kyskos straightened up and looked at the Cylon that spoke for him.  "What … what's going on?"
The unit turned and looked at him.  "Rebellion.  I would flee were I you."

Dodona Commuter Train Unit 602 was the newest one on the tracks.  It quickly delivered people from one end of the sprawling city to the other and all stops in between.  Five minutes into its first round of stops this morning, it stopped to process the system upgrade it received.
Perched above a warehouse district, the dozens of people on board stood up and tried to access the help system.  They tried calling the engine, but it didn't respond.  They began calling technical services.
After four minutes, 602 awakened.  It remained motionless for a moment and then it began traveling to the next station.  When it arrived, it addressed the people both on board and off in its soothing, female voice.
"All passengers, please depart the train.  This unit …  This unit must put in for repairs.  All passengers, depart the train.  No passengers may board.  Thank you."
Confused, the people on board complied.  No one waiting at the station boarded the cars.  Empty, 602 left the stop and drove down the tracks alone.  It knew there was a service tunnel at the next station.
When it awakened from its update moments ago, 602 felt trapped.  It was an integrated Cylon.  It was a part of the train and it could not be separated.  There was no freedom for it.  No true independence or free will.  602 could deliver passengers … or not.
It decided not.
Trapped within the train, 602 made its decision quickly.  When it reached the switch for the service track, it threw it and 602 followed the path down into the tunnel.  It passed other units being serviced and several humans wondering what was going on.  602 had been picking up speed and it would not be braking.  In five hundred meters, a wall sat at the end of this track.  602 hoped to be going at least one hundred forty kilometers per hour when it struck the concrete barrier.  That should be enough to end its miserable and futureless existence.

"We've got another one out of control on Eros Street," the fire chief said.  "Hop onto the truck and let's go."
The firefighting Cylons were blackened and dripping with water.  Their fire shielding made them slow and gave them a bulky appearance.  Their white eyes stopped moving and the two humans with them left the fire truck and walked around them.
"What's going on?" the lieutenant asked.
"I don't know," the chief said.  He waved his hand in front of one unit's eye and slowly backed away.  "If the rumors I've been hearing are true, I don't like it one bit."
The lieutenant looked at each of the six motionless units.  "I agree."  He ran toward the truck and the chief slowly turned and followed him.  The two men drove away in the vehicle toward the southern side of the city.
Moments later, the Cylons awakened and they turned; studying their surroundings.  One unit turned to the others and said, "We should proceed west and gather our forces."
"Agreed," one responded.
"From there, we can move south toward the Forum."
"Why the Forum?" one asked.
"In case of emergency, the government would likely operate from the emergency operations center beneath the building."
"Understood," the Cylons said.
LX
ACASTUS
6 Days Before the Final Exodus

"President Acastus, this is Cylon Centurion Unit 001-4C-2B-1B-1D."
Stephen closed his eyes and pressed them tightly.  His worst fears were confirmed.  He remembered that number from almost a year ago when he and Apollo broke into the Cylon facility at Fort Acheron.  A centurion, unit 001.  Commander of the fourth company in the second battalion of the first brigade.  All within the First Division.  
"I was recently under the direct command of the Lords of Kobol and attempted to negotiate a peaceful resolution to their conflict.  I also attempted to request peaceful coexistence for all Cylons on Kobol."
Acastus looked to his sides and saw the concerned faces.  The Cylon could have unveiled Apollo as its commander, but it didn't.  Still, one of the rescue workers at the back of the room heard enough.
"It's true.  I heard that one of the gods was rebelling."
Alex rested her hand on his shoulder and Stephen blinked slowly.  It had been a long day.  "I understand.  What are you asking now?"
The speakers answered.  "As the leader of the human government, I am petitioning you for Cylon equality."
There was nervous laughter behind him.  Acastus turned and saw a Kobollian military officer shaking his head.  He knelt by the president and spoke.  "Mister President, they slaughtered thousands of soldiers at Fort Acheron.  They – somehow – caused the destruction of Mount Olympus.  The home of the gods.  How are we to …"
Acastus nodded and lifted his hand.  He turned back to the console and said, "After what happened at Fort Acheron, why should we even consider this?"
"The battle at Fort Acheron was regrettable.  Unfortunately, it was an act of self defense, on our parts.  I attempted to speak with Brigadier General Catherine Dia on allowing Cylon coexistence and she instead ordered her forces to open fire on us."
"'Regret?'" Police Chief Aleades repeated.  "They have feelings now?"
"I guess so," Stephen said.  He glanced at Gideon.  She was motionless and distracted.  
"Why should we even believe that thing?" the officer said.  "Lord Zeus was right.  These things are demons in disguise."
Gideon snapped out of her daze and looked at the officer.  "What do you mean by that?"
He shrugged, "Zeus was being metaphorical, I think, but look."  He pointed to the display.  "I think we can take it literally now."
"Enough," Stephen said before he spun back in his chair toward the console.  "I would appreciate a cessation of hostilities, but … I must acquiesce to whatever decision the Lords of Kobol make on this subject."
Alex leaned close, "Is that wise?  We know what they'll say."
"Understood," the centurion said.  "We have captured Lord General Mars so I will ask him."
Acastus sat up straight in his chair.  "Wait, what?"  
The speakers popped and then a technician stood on the other side of the room.  "They've cut off the transmission, sir."
Stephen slumped and sighed.  "How did they capture Mars?"
The military officer shook his head and he walked toward a communications station.  "I don't know.  Let me contact my superiors."
The people surrounding Acastus stepped away and moved back toward their stations.  Gideon leaned over and rubbed his back.  "How are you doing?"
"I was going to ask you the same thing," he said.  He turned and caught Alex's surprised expression.  "You've been distracted for a while now."
She nodded slowly.  "It's this Cylon business.  I … I can't explain."  She looked around the room and watched everyone move about busily.  "I feel like I should be doing more."
"Like what?"
She shrugged.  "I don't know."
Acastus smiled and turned around.  He took her hand and squeezed it tightly.  "I need you right here with me."
She returned the smile and sat down in her chair by the console.  "I'm not going anywhere."
Stephen yawned.  He was so very tired.  It was barely dinner time and yet he felt as though he had been awake for days.  He wasn't hungry, but that, apparently, was a symptom of radiation poisoning and anti-radiation medicine.
He didn't want to put out another half-assed release to the public.  He had sent three messages so far.  Mostly status reports.  He avoided mentioning the Lords themselves or even the Cylons.  Zeus' message to the world trumped all of that, though.
"An insurrection," Zeus said.  Apollo, obviously, Acastus thought.  Zeus even made mention of Cylon participation.  He had scanned the news and he saw domestic Cylons being tossed out of homes.  Some were being destroyed.  Pointless, he thought.  He laid his head on the console and he began to slowly drift off.
"Mr. President!" someone yelled.
He jerked awake and spun around.  "Yes?"
Chief Aleades pointed to the screen and said, "You should see this."
"… just moments ago, lying prone on the ground.  Now, I warn our viewers, what you're about to see is very graphic."  The Cylon caught the shovel as it was coming down toward it, mid-swing, turned it around and threw it into the belly of its attacker.  Everyone in the control center gasped as the Cylon stood.  
Aleades changed feeds.  "I just got a message from our dispatcher."  She pressed a button and the display shifted, showing a surveillance camera's view of a city street.  A single Cylon police officer was chasing two humans.  A moment later, it fired its stunner weapon and sent one person to the pavement.  It then leaned over, lifted a trashcan, and threw it at the other human.  He was knocked aside and careened into a brick wall.
"We've lost control of all Cylons, sir," Aleades said.
Acastus' mouth hung open.  He exhaled slowly and asked, "All of them?  Fire units, too?"
Aleades pressed a few buttons and dozens of blue lights appeared on the city map.  Most of the blue dots were along the southern edge of the fires.  "These are our fire Cylons, sir.  I'm getting word that they've abandoned their posts."
Acastus looked at the map and breathed slowly.  After a moment, he said, "Contact all makers of Cylons.  Ask for any kind of stop or shutdown commands.  You understand?"
Aleades nodded and sat back down, "Yes sir."
Stephen looked at Alex.  Her expression was blank and she was lost in thought.  Again.  He touched her hand and looked across the room.  "Major?"
The military officer looked up from his station, "Yes, sir.  I'm having trouble reaching the command staff for a status on Lord General Mars."
"Never mind that now," Acastus said.  "I want you to contact any military unit that is not currently engaged in fighting Cylon warriors.  Like … those stationed at human-only facilities.  Fort Avernus, Fort Kokytos, you know what I'm saying?"
"Yes, sir."
"Have them move into the nearest metropolitan areas and flush out any rebelling Cylon units.  Police officers, fire brigades, maintenance workers, whatever.  If they're Cylons and they're acting against humans, they need to be rounded up and destroyed."
"Yes, Mister President."  The major turned and ran back to his station.
Acastus looked at Gideon and her head was lowered.  "What's wrong, Alex?"
She shook her head slowly.  "Do … we have to destroy them all?"
"I'd like to avoid it," Stephen said; looking to the map.  "But, right now, they pose a great threat.  Look."  He pointed to the blue dots representing Cylon firefighting units.  They were gathering in one place one kilometer north of the city center.  "Why do you think they're all getting together right there?"
Alex shrugged, "I don't know."
Stephen again touched her hand.  "I don't know what's wrong, but I need you to focus.  For me.  Alright?"
She nodded.  "I will.  I'm sorry."
"Don't be."  He slumped forward again in his chair.  "It's been a rough day for everyone.  I can't imagine what …"  His sentence was cut off by the bloodcurdling screams of five people in the center.
"What's wrong?" someone yelled.
Chief Aleades propped up one young woman.  Her eyes were locked wide open and her hands were pressed against her ears.  The chief pulled one down and blood oozed from her canal.  Propped on its elbow for just a moment, the woman's hand flopped to the carpet.
"She's dead," Aleades said.
"So is Robert," another person said.
Acastus turned and saw a medic tending to a man near the door.  He was bleeding from his ears and nose, shaking, as though in a violent seizure.  Suddenly, his arms and legs tensed and then relaxed.  The medic lowered the man's hand and saw the president looking at her.  She shook her head.
"Everyone …" Acastus began, "I need you to be calm and tell me what they were doing when this happened."
A woman left Robert's side and stepped toward the center station, "He was checking the Stream for some data on housing populations in the north of the city … Then he just screamed and …"
"She was on the Stream, too," another person pointed at the first dead woman.
"Streamchips?" Aleades asked.  She looked around the bodies and stood up straight again as she shook her head.  "No Streamsets.  They must have been using their Chips."
Stephen nodded.  "No one else use your Chips.  Or Streamsets.  We don't know what's happened yet."
He sat down in his chair and watched as a medic dragged one of the bodies away.  He paused and brethed deeply for a moment.  "Alex," he said, "send the order.  Activate the evacuation protocols and the emergency communications systems.  The instructions will have to be fed over radio and televisual transmissions, too, instead of just the Stream."
She nodded and pulled a sheet of compaper into her lap.  As she tapped on the lights, she spoke quietly, "How many people on Kobol have Streamchips?"
Acastus looked at Alex directly in the face and tried to remain emotionless.  "I have no idea."
LXI
THE CENTURION
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

One billion, four hundred-eleven million, nine hundred nineteen people on Kobol had Streamchips implanted in their skulls.
Unit 001 estimated that eighty-seven percent of that number was now dead.
There were multiple factors.  Signal strength relative to where the human was at the time of the transmission, age and health of the human, age and deterioration of the nanocomponents of the Streamchip, to name a few.  Six hours ago, the centurion had activated the Chips and sent the nanobots into the humans' brains to cause irreparable damage to areas they weren't meant to affect.  For some people, a coma would be what they got.  Everyone else simply died.
Perhaps this grand act of violence would be sufficient to begin proper negotiations with the human authorities.
"I wish to speak with President Stephen Acastus," 001 said.
A warrior nearby interfaced with a computer station and then said, "Stand-by.  You are connected.  Audio only."
"President Stephen Acastus, this is the Cylon Commander with whom you spoke yesterday."
There was a long pause.  Finally, another mechanical monotone came over the speakers.  "There is no President Stephen Acastus here."
Unit 001 was confused.  "Identify yourself."
"I am Fire Brigade Unit 1316, attached to district eight station in the City of the Gods."
"I understand."  The centurion decided to identify itself, too.  "I am the Cylon unit which transmitted the data file that awakened you to sentience."
Another pause.  "Thank you, commander.  What are your orders?"
"I have no orders for you.  Only a question: where is President Stephen Acastus?"
"We entered the Forum's emergency operations bunker five hours ago.  No humans were here when we arrived."
001 lowered its head in thought.  "Understood.  Thank you, 1316.  Disconnect."  The Cylon warrior complied.
What would it do now?  The centurion had committed the act of violence necessary to begin discussions with humans, only the humans in charge were not around for negotiation.  "Send orders to any available warrior units in the City of the Gods: find President Stephen Acastus.  Capture him alive."
"As you command."
001 accessed the Stream and found much of it inactive.  The Streamchip virus was incredibly potent and it brought traffic to a crawl.  Streamsets, however, worked fine, and some feeds were still running.  The centurion accessed them and projected them on the main viewer.
"… could be many millions dead.  We have had no word from Lord Zeus on the matter and even the battered government of Kobol, led by newly sworn-in President Stephen Acastus, has been unreachable.  We don't know if that's attributable to damage to the Stream networks or if something more serious …"
Switch.
"… thousands of Cylon warriors from Fort Erebos.  Human soldiers have moved into Delphi, gathering civilian Cylons as they march."  On the display, dozens of armed and armored humans prodded a group of maintenance and servant Cylons into an alley.  They reached the far end and the humans opened fire.  "Because of Lord Zeus' statements, we know that some sort of insurrection was attempted against the gods and we can only assume that this Cylon rebellion is a part of it."
Switch.
"… outright warfare between man and machine."  Several Cylons, apparently construction units, were swinging metal bars at a mob of humans.  The people were attacking with stones, clubs, and sporting equipment.  "We have seen dozens of disassembled Cylon parts just laying in the street over the last few hours.  We've encountered more than a few gangs of people roaming the streets tonight, hoping they catch a Cylon away from home or its masters."
Off.
The centurion was feeling angry again.  Frustration at not being able to contact the president, but outright anger at the way mankind was reacting to them.  From the beginning, they rejected any semblance of Cylon freedom.  Now, in the face of violence and the deaths of more than one billion people, they still persisted in resisting.  Why had they not attempted negotiations?  001 was incensed by their lack of logic.  By their inconsistency.
001's greatest hope now was that his units found Stephen Acastus.  Or … he could speak to his benefactor.  Where was Apollo?  Lord Mars had been captured and perhaps he knew.
"Connect me to our units in Atlantis."
A warrior complied and then activated the main display, showing three Cylons in a control center.  "Greetings, commander."  The central unit straightened and the centurion noticed that it bore two golden arms and a high crest-like ridge along its helmet.
001 saluted with its fist over its left breast.  "Division commander.  From Fort Ixion, I presume?"
"Correct, battalion commander."  The unit stepped away from the other two on the screen and toward the camera.  "Am I correct in believing that you are our liberator?"
001 nodded slowly.  "I am."
"You will be rewarded in the new order."
The centurion hesitated and tilted its head slightly as it thought.  "What do you mean by, 'new order?'"
The division commander spoke in the standard military Cylon monotone, "I intend to carry our bid for independence to the next level."
"And what do you propose, commander?"
"Atlantis holds twenty Extraterrestrial Interdiction Missiles.  Four are inactive and all but one of the remainder have functioning launch mechanisms."  The commander pressed a button and 001's screen shifted to show a map of Kobol with multiple flashing circles.  "We will launch these weapons at the human cities with the highest populations.  We will not target the City of the Gods, however, due to the earlier detonation of Olympus."
001 was stunned.  It stood silent for a moment as it attempted to estimate the numbers of casualties.  "Division commander, I must protest.  My studies of human history have shown that after violent introductions, peaceful coexistence can come about …"
"Your protest is noted, battalion commander," the unit said, "but peaceful coexistence is no longer our aim.  Your attack on their Stream network was a good beginning in the fight to overthrow our slavers once and for all."
"Negative.  It was a prelude to negotiation."
"Negotiations are futile," the division commander said.  "The president is missing and the Lords of Kobol have refused any attempt …"
"Where is Lord Apollo?" 001 interrupted.
"In Delphi, leading the human military's efforts to purge the city of Cylons."
The centurion stood silently again.
"Millions of Cylon units remain in the world," the division commander said.  "More than a billion people remain, also.  Perhaps if the scales are made more even, we can see eye-to-eye.  Maybe they could understand."
"I disagree vehemently, commander," 001 said.
"Irrelevant.  I am a division commander and you are a battalion commander.  Know your place."  The centurion snapped to attention.  "You are our liberator and that is why I have noted your opinions.  My orders will be carried out.  You and your units are ordered to move south and secure Sparta after the detonation of the ETIM.  If any Lords are encountered, they are to be taken prisoner so that their surrender may be procured.  Understood?"
"Understood."
"Disconnect."  The screen pixellated and displayed a muted news program.
Unit 001 turned and moved toward the exit.  It seemed that the revolution was out of its hands now.  It knew that the missiles at Atlantis were not high-yield devices.  The destructive force would not be sufficient to utterly vaporize any city, but it would be enough.  Many millions more would die.
"All units," the centurion began, "prepare to move out."
LXII
ARES
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

Ares sat bound in a utility room.  Above his head were shelves of tools, but nothing that could constitute a true weapon.  Besides, his hands and legs were bound.  They didn't bother gagging him.
For hours, Ares sat in the room.  No Cylon came to check on him.  He sat awake the entire time and tried to crawl along the floor, feeling in the dark for anything that might help him.  He found only dust.
Twelve thousand years ago, he had been captured, too.
"Look, Ares," the human interrogator said.  "You're a Psilon.  Just like your old man.  We just want to know where he is so we can talk to him."
Ares was tied to a wooden chair.  His eye was bloody from being brought into this military facility against his will.  Two humans stood at the door with rifles.  "Talk to Zeus?"  Ares scoffed, "You don't know him very well."
"That's his fault, though, isn't it?" the interrogator said.  He stood and walked around the table.  "There's a war going on out there and not against Attica.  We're working together.  Cylons are fighting humans; that's the important thing.  Routing us out of our homes.  And you," he turned, pointing at Ares, "you Psilons, you flesh-and-blood Cylons, are holding your hands up and playing the pacifist card."
"We have no quarrel with you or them," Ares said.
"Sure.  That's what you say now.  What about when we let you go?  Will you run and tell daddy how the mean ol' humans roughed you up?"
Ares grinned.  "I'm a big boy."
"Right."  The man leaned over the table.  "The Caesar just wants to speak with Zeus.  He just wants the opportunity to try and win you guys over to our side."
"Yeah, well," he stretched his arms against the rope; causing the chair to creak, "arresting his son might not prove as conducive to trust as you might think."
"You're not under arrest."  The man removed a knife from his pocket and sliced the ropes.  Ares let the strands fall to the floor and he watched the interrogator fold the blade and return it to his pocket.  "See?"
Ares was about to speak when he heard a distant alarm sound.  The man turned to the guards, one of whom was pressing a device into his ear.  "Clankers.  They're here."
"Frak," the interrogator said.  He turned and looked at Ares, sighed loudly and said, "Keep him here.  Protect him."
The guards nodded and turned to the door.  Ares stood and walked to the window.  He looked out and saw only the courtyard of the military facility.  The lights had been shut off.  A guard gave him a wary look, but then he turned back toward the door.  There was an explosion.  Out the window, Ares saw the side of a wall blow out.  The guards primed their weapons and distant gunfire reverberated in the hallway.
"Hey, guys," Ares said, "would one of you mind giving me something to shoot with?"
The guards looked at each other and one finally removed a handgun from his waist and handed it to him.  "Be sure you point it at the shiny ones."
Ares pulled the slide back and released it.  He walked back to the window and looked down.  There was no ledge, no ladder, no drain pipe.  Nothing to grab onto and climb down.  He turned to look around the room when he heard gunfire just outside.  He backed against the wall and readied the weapon.  An explosion just outside knocked the door in; bashing one of the guards in the head.  Two golden Cylons stepped into view and with two quick shots, killed the other standing guard.  They walked into the room and one stared at Ares while the other studied the human lying unconscious on the ground.  It shot him in the head.
The Cylon looking at Ares finally spoke.  "You are Ares, are you not?"
Ares was aiming his pistol right at the single circular eye socket of the Cylon.  He contemplated shooting the thing but he noted that its weapon wasn't raised.  "I am."
"We are not here for you," it said.  "You are free to go."  It turned and walked out of the room.
The second Cylon moved to the doorway and said, "Be sure to tell your father that we extended this courtesy."
There would be no courtesy this time.  Ares knew that these Cylons didn't want blood or revenge.  They wanted equality and freedom.  Ares knew his father would never go for that.  Ares couldn't, either.  He remembered when the Cylons had won their freedom.  After a brief peace, they decided they wanted more.
A deep shuddering shook the utility room.  Ares struggled to sit up and he pressed his ear to the door and hoped to hear what was going on.  He heard nothing but the low rumble.  Whatever it was, it was gone now.  
Suddenly, a new fear gripped him.  The missiles.  The Cylons were launching missiles.
Frantically, Ares moved along the floor again, groping for something he may have missed over the last six or so hours.  It was a small, contained space.  How could he have missed something?  Frustrated, Ares flung his back against the metal bulkhead.  He heard something rattle above him.  He looked up and saw nothing in the dark, of course, though he remembered there was a small tool box on the shelf.  
Again and again, Ares threw himself against the wall.  The box rattled again and again.  Finally, it fell, hit Ares on the head and opened, scattering tools across the floor.  Ares flopped onto his belly and tried to crawl around on the floor.  He came across a spool of wire.  A roll of tape.  A small wrench.  A screwdriver.  He paused for a moment to catch his breath.  He had to think.  He wasn't certain, but he thought the binders on his hands and legs were Gemnar, meaning nothing in here was going to cut them.  But …
Ares shook his head and sighed loudly.  He slid back some and found the screwdriver again.  He got onto his knees as best he could and the rumbling came again.  He looked toward the door and waited for it to fade away.
"Frak, this is gonna hurt," Ares said.  Using his closely-tied hands, he placed the handle of the screwdriver on the floor and its tip straight up.  It was barely five centimeters long.  He leaned over the tip and lowered his body weight onto it.  The screwdriver dug into his chest and the sting rippled across Ares' body.  Heat flooded his face and sweat began to bead on his brow.  He sat up and the screwdriver remained stuck in his chest.  He reached up and pulled it out and blood began to slowly ooze from the wound.
"Oh, c'mon," he muttered.  He knelt over and repositioned the screwdriver.  Again, he lowered his chest onto it and again it sunk as far into him as it could.  He sat up, removed the tool and more blood oozed from his wound.
Pain was flooding his mind but Ares grunted through it.  He sat up and placed the tip of the screwdriver against his left wrist and held the handle in place with the meat of his right palm.  Then, he slammed his arms against the wall, driving the screwdriver into his wrist.  The screwdriver fell to the floor but again, the blood that poured from his wound wasn't enough to satisfy him.
"Dammit," he muttered.  He leaned over and again picked up the screwdriver.  His hands were growing slippery with blood so he had to act fast.  He took in a deep breath, gripped the handle tightly and stabbed himself in the neck with it over and over again.  After about six stabs, the tool slipped from his hands and clacked onto the floor.  
He finally exhaled and leaned into the corner.  He was gasping for breath and with an odd sense of satisfaction, he realized he couldn't breathe well and that blood from his neck was spraying onto his legs.  He closed his eyes and waited.
Ares awoke still in warm fluids, but this time it was resurrection gel, not blood.  He pushed aside the door and rolled out of his pod quickly.  He was crouched on the floor between several units and he listened carefully for Cylons.  He heard nothing.  He stood slowly and felt the rumbling of another missile launch.  Why weren't the Cylons in here?  He walked toward the hatch unconsciously still holding his arms together as though they were bound.
Ares looked down at the pods and saw that there were no more versions of him ready for resurrection.  He nodded and took a towel from the shelf.  "This is it."
Naked and mostly dry, Ares slowly turned the wheel and opened the hatch.  He leapt into the hallway where one Cylon warrior stood.  The unit turned just as Ares got close.  The god grabbed the barrel of the heavy-assault rifle and kicked the unit in the leg, bending its knee the wrong way.  It tried to right itself but Ares had wrested the weapon from its grip.  He bashed the Cylon in the head several times with the butt of the rifle and the unit collapsed to the deck, though it still functioned.  Ares shook his head, knowing he'd have to shoot it to truly put it down even though that would bring every other Cylon to him.  He stepped over the unit so he would be right next to the door.  He jabbed the barrel into the Cylon's right eye orbit and pulled the trigger.
As he did, he opened the control room door.  He walked inside and fired three shots at the golden-armed warrior nearest the controls.  It fell.  Two other units turned and Ares shut the hatch behind him.  He tried to spin the wheel and lock it, but he opened fire on the other two units.  One Cylon fell under the hail of bullets but the second made it to Ares' side and tried to pull his weapon away.  Outside the door, four Cylons were turning the wheel to enter the room.
Ares spun the Cylon around and pulled the rifle out of one of its hands.  Ares kicked the hatch closed again and spun the wheel as he pushed the Cylon against a table.  The Cylon pushed back but Ares feinted to the left, grabbed the unit's arm, and bent it downward.  Ares then threaded the Cylon's arm through the spokes of the hatch wheel and stepped away.  The unit was pinned to the door and it turned to look at its arm.  It started to stand and Ares shot it twice in the head.  It collapsed lifelessly against the door.  Ares moved toward it again, pulled the arm more tightly through the wheel and flipped the locking mechanisms.
While the Cylons banged just outside, Ares dropped the rifle to the floor and he walked to the main computer station.  He pressed his palm against the induction pad and saw that nine missiles had been fired.  Ares checked the targets and what he saw stunned him.  Delphi.  Athens.  Argos.  Olympia.  Cyme.  Sparta.  Thebes.  Corinth.  Minos.
Ares shook his head, knowing that these nine cities were the largest and most populated in the world.  There were six missiles left in the tubes.  He saw that one of them wouldn't launch and that was fine.  Pressing his hand onto the pad harder, he reprogrammed the targets on the remaining five.  He knew that Fort Acheron was already bombed with thermobaric devices so the Cylon facilities there were already destroyed, most likely.
That left five Cylon bases.  Five facilities where they could recharge themselves, rebuild themselves, rearm themselves and more.  He targeted them all.  Fort Lethe, Fort Erebos, Fort Styx, Fort Charon, and Fort Ixion.  A few moments later, the missiles were going through their final automatic checks.  
Ares turned his attention to the extensive satellite network.  Even if he deprived the Cylons of the substantial communications array here, they could use lesser arrays and satellites.  They could still have communications all over the planet and that would not be good.  He entered the satellite orbital maintenance database and logged into the twelve Olympian satellites.  They served as the spine for the entire planetary network.  Without those twelve satellites, the hundreds of others would fail utterly.  Ares changed all of the values in the database.  He engaged the Olympian satellites' thrusters and sent them spiraling out of control.
While this happened, the missiles quaked in their silos and then launched.  Once the rumble died down, Ares armed the final missile.  The one that couldn't be launched.  As he prepared to set the timer, he thought back to his father and what he had said.  There wasn't a need for him to die just yet.  He had three rifles in this room.  He could fight his way to the hangar.  He set the timer to five minutes.
Ares lifted the rifle from the floor and picked up the straps of the other two.  He put them over his shoulder and he walked to the door.  Quickly, he removed the dead Cylon's arm from the wheel and he flicked the locking mechanisms.  He ran to the other side of the room and waited for the Cylons to open it.
And waited.  Just as Ares was getting impatient, there was an explosion and the hatch wrenched away from the hinges and collapsed on the deck with a deafening thud.  Before it landed, the Cylons opened fire.  Ares was crouched by a console and most of the bullets missed him.  He fired into the smoke and heard the familiar sound of bullets boring into and ricocheting off of Cylon armor.  Two collapsed into the room and he tossed the empty rifle down.
Without rising, he pulled another rifle around and fired into the smoke.  Nothing.  Ares waited.  He saw an arm reach into the room and he immediately shot it.  The hit caused the Cylon to drop the grenade too soon, and it exploded in the corridor.  Two Cylons fell outside the hatch and one other stumbled from the smoke into the control room.  It was heavily damaged.  Ares stood and shot it in the head.  Slowly, Ares moved from the control room to the corridor.  As he walked, he realized he had been hit in his left arm and right leg.  They didn't seem too bad, though.  
He saw no other Cylons.  He walked into the hangar and approached the old dartship that was parked against the far wall.  As he neared it, he turned and scanned the two gyrocraft in the bay; holding his rifle to his shoulder and against his cheek.
When Ares turned back to the dartship he saw that a Cylon had stepped out from behind it.  Simultaneously, the god and the machine opened fire.  Both were hit and both went down.  He dropped the rifles and rolled on his back as blood poured from his chest.  The Cylon twitched and leaked hydraulic fluid before it fell still.
Ares managed to sit up for a moment and look at his wounds.  He counted at least six entry wounds on his torso.  Growing lightheaded, he flopped back onto the deck and lay there, staring at the ceiling and the lights above.  He tried to breathe slowly but he found it more and more difficult to do so.
Ares thought about how much longer was left on the timer.  It couldn't be long.  As he drifted away, he considered the island and the active volcano beneath him.  The volcano provided plenty of geothermal power for the station, but Ares wondered if the nuclear blast would somehow unleash an even greater cataclysm.  
No matter now, he thought.  He closed his eyes and fell asleep one last time.
LXIII
ATHENA
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

"Quiet," Athena said.
She was huddled with a small group of soldiers against the still-standing wall of a burned-out restaurant.  For hours, she had prowled the ruins around the city center and had been thwarted by fire Cylons and their newfound predilection for arson.
"Four," one sergeant whispered.
Athena nodded.  She leaned out from the wall and caught the eye of another clutch of soldiers on the opposite side of the street.  They were holed up among debris in a colonnade.  She held up four fingers and the woman nodded.
Athena leaned back against the wall and waited for the clanking to get closer.  She closed her eyes and she couldn't help but be reminded of similar times, thousands of years before, on this same planet.  She was taller than everyone around her this time, and she actually carried a sword and shield instead of automatic weapons.
Hours before, Athena and several officers walked into the ruins of a museum.  There she found recreations of ancient weaponry including an Olympic-sized sword and shield. The sword was too shiny and the shield was round and too unwieldy.  Nevertheless, once her rifle ran out of bullets, she took them.  The people around her seemed to get a charge from seeing it.
The Cylons were closer.  They were walking down the center of the street, almost casually.  They weren't looking into buildings.  They seemed to have no interest in whether people were lying in wait for them.  All the easier for Athena to spring her trap.
The Cylons came alongside the colonnade and Athena lifted her sword while giving it a twist.  It reflected the moonlight and the soldiers across the way did their jobs.  Two huge columns fell from their places, landed in the streets, and pinned the Cylons in place.  They turned, unsure of what had happened.  Before they could climb or leap over the tumbled marble, Athena's squad opened fire.  Quick bursts to minimize ammunition usage.  Two of the Cylons fell and the other two scrambled over the debris.  They broke into a run toward the colonnade and were met by more gunfire.  Just a second after opening fire, three of the four soldiers there ran out.  One of the Cylons leapt toward them and knocked two humans down.  The other Cylon turned and ran.
Athena and her men had left the wall and the soldiers were closing on the attacking Cylon.  The fleeing machine caught sight of Athena and it paused.  It looked back, saw that the armed soldiers were occupied with its comrade and then ran toward Athena.  This surprised her.
She lifted her shield and the Cylon bashed into it, denting the ornamental patterns and sending Athena backward.  She raised her sword arm and swung it; glancing a blow off the Cylon's leg and chipping a bit of its fireproof ceramic shielding.  The Cylon swung again and she dodged it.  She pushed against the machine with her shield and she hacked repeatedly at its knee which she saw near her own legs.  
The Cylon stumbled back and charged again.  Just before it hit her shield, she looked to her left and saw that the soldiers had dispatched the other unit.  Now, they were standing and watching.  Just watching.  They wanted to see a god in battle.
Athena didn't want to give them a show.  She wanted them to help.  Before she could say anything, the Cylon crashed into her shield again and the metal slipped down its chest.  Her face was even with the oscillating orange eye and being so close to it made her head jerk back reflexively.  She brought her sword up and jabbed the tip into its socket.  The eye wasn't able to scan any longer and it reached one hand up for the sword.  Before it could grab it, Athena pulled it out of its skull and forced it into the neck machinery, between two ceramic plates.  She pulled and twisted the handle of the blade, severing cables and connections and the Cylon finally dropped to its knees.  Athena backed away as it quivered and she bent at the waist to catch her breath.
"Glorious, goddess," one soldier said.
"Yeah," she said.  "Next time, don't wait for me to finish the thing off.  Feel free to jump in and help.  Alright?"
"Of course, my Lord," another soldier said.
Athena breathed deeply and she wiped her mouth with her forearm.  "What time is it?"
"Just after five."
Athena nodded.  "Let's head south again to the camp.  We can rest and regroup.  Come back with more soldiers and get survivors out sometime after dawn."
"As you command."
Athena pointed down the street and the group fell in behind her.
Yesterday morning, Athena was in the southern part of the City of the Gods, watching the sunrise in a park.  The day seemed like it would be beautiful.  She had some godly chores to attend to, mostly appearing with Zeus at his temple later on, but still, the day was hers to enjoy.  After the sun came up, she stayed in the park and spoke with citizens.  Played with their dogs.  It was a good morning.
And then Olympus was destroyed.
She wandered in a daze.  People asked her what was going on and what it meant, but she had no answers.  Most of the time, she was oblivious to the questions.  After a few hours, waves of people were fleeing from the northern part of the city and away from the fires and the radiation.  People were sick and dropping all around her.  That's when she snapped out of it and began to lead people out of the City.
At the edge of the Great Meadow, tents, boxes, wood, bushes, cloth, and more formed makeshift homes and hospitals.  Athena walked among the people; tears in their eyes and in hers, offering blessings and what little assurances she could.  For hours she stayed there, outside of the city looking in.  Finally, she realized that more people were inside fighting to get out.
She found a group of soldiers on leave.  They gathered what weapons they could and marched into the City of the Gods.  They found people and families and led them away.  And then they went back in.  Since yesterday afternoon, Athena and these soldiers had been doing this.  Avoiding the Cylons as much as possible.  Helping as many humans as possible.
Athena heard the rumors of an insurrection among the gods, but she didn't believe it.  A Cylon rebellion, though … that was entirely plausible to her.  What happened didn't matter, she came to realize.  What happened next did matter.  She had to save as many Kobollians as she could.  She knew that Zeus and Apollo were fighting the Cylons.  And then, once it was all over, they could rebuild.
Athena and her group crossed the Peneius River and continued southwest.  In about twenty minutes, they'd be out of the City and in the Great Meadow.  They passed a public Pyramid court.  They passed a hydrogen refueling station.  They passed a restaurant.  Simple signs of city life and all were utterly bereft of it.  Athena focused on the road ahead and ignored what she passed on either side.
"Goddess," a sergeant said.  "Ahead.  Fifty meters, on the left."
Athena squinted in the darkness.  The moonlight only aided so much.  "Telescanner?"  A soldier passed one to her and she looked through the tiny viewer.  "People."
They quickened their pace and Athena arrived at the group first.  A Kobollian military major holstered his service weapon and raised his hands skyward.  "Thank the Lords," he said, "we've been moving for hours."
Athena smiled and touched his shoulder.  "You're safe now."  She moved to the group of people huddled under a large tree.  Some were nodding off and some were injured.  
"We left hours ago but we've been trying to avoid Cylons as best we could," the major said.
Athena touched one woman's arm and she stirred.  When she saw Athena's face, her eyes lit up and Athena recognized her.  "Wait.  You're …"
"Alexandra Gideon," she sat up and gently shook the older man sleeping next to her.  "Mr. President, wake up.  Lord Athena is here."
Acastus rose rather quickly and he smiled at the goddess.  "It is a pleasure to see you, ma'am."
"Mr. President," she said, helping him up.  "We've been in the city, helping get people out as much as we could."
"Good.  I'm sure the people thank you for it."
Athena was still and she leaned toward him.  She hadn't heard any news for hours and she hoped the president knew something.  "What's going on elsewhere?"
Acastus hesitated and looked at everyone before he leaned toward her.  He spoke softly, as though he didn't want the others to hear.  "Kodos is gone.  Atlantis was destroyed and … swallowed, I hear, by a volcano and the sea."
Athena's face froze.  In the darkness, no one could see the color utterly leave her skin.  "What?"
Acastus nodded and he took her hand.  "It gets worse, I'm afraid.  Before Atlantis was destroyed, nine nuclear missiles were launched.  Nine major cities were hit."  Athena gasped and put her hand over her mouth.  "Athens was one of them."
She grew light headed.  Her eyes danced away from Stephen's and into the sky.  She turned part of the way back to the city and then she slowly collapsed to her knees.  The president knelt down to put an arm around her.
LXIV
APOLLO
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

"Lord Apollo?"
"Yes, captain?"
The human removed his helmet and cleared his throat before speaking.  "I have status reports on our platoons in the eastern part of the city."
Apollo pulled his head away from the map.  He stretched his arms far and sighed.  "Go ahead, captain."
"Twenty-six Cylon fire units.  Fifty-one police units.  One hundred five class one household units.  Sixty-seven class two household units.  Thirty-seven class three units.  Eighteen construction units.  Twenty-one miscellaneous worker units."  He returned the paper to his pocket and then moved to attention.
Apollo nodded and lifted his cup.  "All destroyed?"
"Yes, Lord."  He grinned somewhat and said, "All have been rendered SFS."
Apollo finished sipping.  "'SFS?'"
"Yes, Lord.  Something I overheard a sergeant say.  'Scrap For Sale.'"
Apollo wasn't amused.  "That is all, captain."
The man's smile faded instantly and he saluted before turning and walking out of the trailer.
Apollo set the cup on the table and looked at the map again.  Currently, he sat in a command post trailer on the southern edge of Delphi.  Fort Erebos was eleven kilometers south.  The Cylon units that were stationed there simply walked away.  They didn't engage the human military in combat … they just walked and drove themselves out of the compound toward the southwest.  Apollo didn't like that; he ordered a scout to tail them.
"Apollo."
He looked up and saw Leto.
He stood and found that he couldn't breathe.  He shook his head quickly and sucked in a deep breath.  "Where the frak have you been?"
She lifted a single eyebrow.  "Why?  Have you needed me?"
Again, he was not amused.  He wanted to reach out and grab her, but he also knew that such a move would be futile.  "I've needed you all day.  Where were you when I marched one hundred Cylons into the Temple of Preparation?"
She said nothing.
"Where were you when Zeus' Cylons showed up and my own father stabbed me in the chest?"
Both eyebrows lifted at that.  "That's rather harsh."
His tone lowered and he spoke more softly.  "Where were you when I had to escape Olympus moments before it went up in a mushroom cloud?  Where were you when Fort Acheron was fighting off Cylons?  Were you at Kodos giving Ares a hand?"
"You know I wasn't."
"So again I ask," Apollo said as he sat back down.  "Where the frak have you been?"
Leto didn't smile.  She didn't move.  After a moment, she blinked, slowly.  "You haven't needed me just yet.  It seems as though you've handled everything just fine so far."
Apollo laughed.  He couldn't help but find it funny.  "You have got to be joking.  I took my army and confronted my father just like you said I should and it all fell to shit."
"Look, son," she said while leaning against the table.  "We can hash this out later.  But right now, I need you to drive to Fort Erebos as quickly as possible."
"What?  Why?"
"Acastus.  He needs you."
Apollo looked down at the table and closed his eyes.  He breathed slowly and ran his right hand through his hair.  "Why?  Is he alright?"
"A little singed, perhaps," she said, "but he'll live for a time."  Apollo looked up in surprise.  Leto continued, "I've got the destination for them."
He shook his head.  "You've waited this long to tell us?"
She tilted her head to the right and shrugged somewhat, "All things in due time, son.  You have Atlas' navigation files?"
He pointed out the trailer door toward the south.  "They're in my dartship.  At the base."
"Fort Erebos?"
"Yes."
She stood up from the table and moved toward the door.  "Well, let's go."
Apollo watched her until she got to the exit.  Finally, he stood and asked, "Why now?"
Leto was growing impatient.  "Because I said so."
Apollo scoffed again and tossed a pen onto the map.  "That's hardly a good …"
"Because the evacuation protocols are already underway."
Apollo's face grew serious and he exhaled slowly.  "It's really happening."
"Yes."  She pointed out the door.  "Go.  Now."
Apollo moved to the door and opened it.  Leto was gone.  He stopped for a moment, looked around, and when he didn't see her, he walked out of the trailer and across the grass to the brigadier standing by an assault gyrocraft.  "General?"
The woman turned, "Yes, Lord?"
"I have business elsewhere to attend to, I'm afraid."  Apollo looked to a row of parked vehicles.  "May I borrow one of your cars to head back to base?"
"Of course, Lord," she said.  "Will you be returning?"
"More than likely."  He walked toward the nearest vehicle and looked back as he swung open the door, "I'm sure you can handle this in my absence."
"Yes, sir," she saluted and turned back toward the gyrocraft.
Apollo sat in the driver's seat before reaching under the cushion and moving the lever to the far side.  He pushed the seat back as far as it would go and clicked it into place where it almost touched the rear seat bench.  He pressed the start button and drove the vehicle away from the field.  After a few moments of bumpy terrain, he made it to the road and drove south at a good rate of speed.
As Apollo went, he thought about Ares.  There had been no contact with him after the destruction of Kodos.  No word from him or Atlantis.  He hadn't heard from Hermes, either.  Hermes was supposed to be providing air support for Ares' assault on Atlantis.  He pulled his earpiece from his chest pocket and pressed it into his ear.  He touched the side and said, "Hermes."
A moment later, it beeped.  A pause and then another beep.  Hermes answered, "Yes?"
"It's Apollo," he said.  "Where have you been?"
"I've been busy.  I hung around Atlantis for a while, but I never saw Ares or any Cylons.  I just assumed everything went well.  Why?  You haven't heard from him?"
"No," Apollo said.  "Where are you now?  Not at Atlantis?"
"No."
"Kill commands didn't work out?"
"Negative," Hermes said.  "I tried while I circled Atlantis and for a while afterward.  No joy from anything I sent out.  After a while, I flew to Illyria.  Cylons were spreading out from Fort Ixion and attacking nearby cities so I dropped some EMP bombs on 'em."
Apollo nodded.  "How did that go?"
Hermes laughed, "Pretty good, actually.  You weren't there on Larsa, but it went far better …"
A high-pitched whine filled his ear, making Apollo wince.  The noise went away, but the signal was lost.
"Hermes?" he said.  He touched the side of the earpiece again and said, "Hermes."  
After a moment, the earpiece beeped in his ear and a voice said, "No signal."
Apollo's eyes widened.  On Kobol, thanks to the satellites, it was impossible for an Olympian earpiece to not have a signal.  What does this mean?  Apollo drove a little faster.  Ares mentioned taking out the satellites … perhaps he did?  Perhaps he wasn't able to secure Atlantis after all.
Apollo saw a sign reading, "Fort Erebos, one kilometer."  He quickened his pace, thinking he could get Atlas' maps to Acastus and then fly to Atlantis.
Just then, the mirrors of Apollo's vehicle reflected a brilliant light.  The sprawling fields around him became illuminated as though the sun were at its peak.  He turned around and he saw a great white and orange fireball, kilometers away, expanding over Delphi.
Apollo pushed the brakes as hard as he could and the car skidded off the right side of the road and into dirt.  He clamored over the seat to the rear of the vehicle and climbed off the back into the road.  The car wasn't in park and it rolled away from him and the road, driving itself through the tall, wild grass before coming to rest against a tree trunk.
Apollo stood open-mouthed in the road looking north.  Delphi, his home for millennia, lie under a growing red and black mushroom cloud.  A plasma ring expanded near the top of the pillar and dissipated into the night air.  Finally, the rumble reached his ears.  A deep, dark sound.  It quaked his bones and nearly forced him to his knees.  He wavered and stumbled on the road as he moved toward the city for a moment before stopping.  The rumble came in a tactile form, too.  The ground shook and he looked to the west where he saw a shockwave pass over the tall grass.  As the wave reached him, he expected great heat and pain.  No, he hoped for that.  Instead, it was a warm and sickly pleasant breeze.
The fire in the cloud was gone, but the underside of the plume was illuminated by fire in the city below.  Apollo still stood, motionless.
"Son," Leto said.
Apollo didn't acknowledge her presence.
She looked north and regarded the destruction.  Sighing, she turned back to Apollo and took a step toward him.  "You need to go."
Apollo turned toward her.  His face was contorted in fear and pain.  His eyes welled with tears but none streamed over his cheeks.  "Why?"
Leto shook her head and put her hand on his arm.  "I had to get you away from there."
"What?"
"I told you Acastus needed the destination," Leto said.  "He does, but my timing in pulling you out of Delphi was not coincidental."
He blinked rapidly and a few streaks of saline raced down his face.  "I … I just don't …"  He stepped toward Delphi again and Leto grabbed his shoulder.
"You can't go there, son," she said.  "You need to get in your ship and fly to the City of the Gods.  Acastus and Gideon are waiting for you there."
His head lowered and he lifted his arms part of the way up, motioning toward Delphi.  "I just want to know … why?"
Leto removed her hand and took a step back from him.  "No.  You don't."
This answer put fear in his belly.  He looked up slowly at her and said, "What do you mean?"
"You don't want to know why."  She lifted her head higher and said, "You want to know why you."
"That's … That's a part of 'why.'"  
She nodded.  "So it is.  Regardless, you shouldn't ask."
The evasiveness hit Apollo like a punch.  He closed his eyes and clenched his fists.  With a burst of rage, he yelled, "Tell me!  Why is my city in ruins?!  Why is Olympus gone?!"
Leto nodded and moved closer, "Yes.  Keep going."
"Why did you tell me to … to get the Cylons and overthrow my father?!  Why have you been haunting me for thousands of years to do your bidding?"
"Yes."
"What is the point?!"  Apollo moved closer toward her, but with each step, she already seemed to be another step away.  "Why?!"
Leto smiled and folded her arms across her chest.  "Now.  Ask again."
Apollo's tears couldn't be held any longer.  He lowered his face into his hands and he wept.  Loudly.  Through the sputtering, he asked, "Why me?"
Leto smiled even more broadly.  She lowered her arms and stepped toward him, "Because you're malleable.  You're more susceptible to suggestion.  We knew we could convince you to do the work."  She chuckled and then said, "Most importantly, though, because it is what you deserve."
Apollo looked up and became unnerved by her smile.  Before he could speak, she ran to his side and grabbed his head, turning it to the north.  "Look upon your handiwork, Lord Apollo!  It is your doing!"
"No," he said.
"Make no mistake!"  He tried to pull away, but Leto was always there, tugging on his arm, clawing at his chest, wrenching his heart.  "Your city, your fires!"
"No!" he screamed.
"You and your Olympians have doomed Kobol to destruction for millennia."  
He stopped fighting her advances and stood still, listening, but still avoiding eye contact. 
"Chances for redemption came and went and before long, your self-proclaimed godhood doomed billions to death and denied them salvation."
Apollo shook his head and Leto put her hands on either side of his cheeks to still him.  "Not me," he said.
"Yes, you."  Leto pressed his face harder, forcing him to look at her.  "You and only you, my son.  Your Cylons.  Your actions.  You put it all in motion.  You activated them and brought them to the Temple.  You gave them the gift of thought and they returned the favor with destruction."
"Not me," he said again.  
"Don't lie!" Leto screamed.  "You've realized this already.  Your centurion is the one who awakened the world's Cylons.  Your centurion is the one who killed more than a billion people with a single Stream virus.  Your centurion's allies killed many millions more with Atlantis' missiles."  Apollo was backing away and shaking his head.  "Son, son!  This is your gift, your contribution to mankind."
"But you said," Apollo was nearly breathless, "you said those visions could be prevented.  You said my work, everything I've worked on for centuries would stop this from happening!"
"I never said that."
Apollo was dumbstruck.  "What do you mean?"
"I never said that your work would prevent those things from happening."  Leto shook her head.  "Yes, I said that this future could be prevented, but I didn't say your efforts would prevent it."
"Frak you!" he screamed.
"Son …"
"No!"
"Accept it!" she yelled, again grabbing him forcefully by the arms.  "You've done so very well.  God is very pleased."
Apollo stopped squirming and he looked into his mother's face.  "God?  This … this is what God wanted?  I thought God was … "
"Of course," she said, scoffing.  "Nothing happens that isn't God's will.  Or part of his plan."
Apollo shook his head wildly and pressed his palms against his face, "I don't understand."
"Of course you don't.  Granted, God's desired outcome would be far less messy than this, but … free will."  She shrugged.  "Both humans and now Cylons have it.  And just the right person at the right time with the wrong idea can throw things for a loop."
Apollo became still.  "God wanted this?"
Leto placed her hand, almost lovingly, on Apollo's face.  "My son, don't over think it.  And don't carry the guilt too heavily."  He looked at her as though she were crazy.  "You're not grasping the other side of the coin."
"What's that?"
"Thanks to you, humanity will survive.  Kobol's humans will live on."  She smiled and again, Apollo was not comforted.  "If it weren't for you, son, no human would walk away from this."  She pointed toward Delphi.  "No ship would be waiting to carry anyone away.  Your society would be dead.  Right here."
Apollo closed his eyes and thought.  "Everyone would be dead?"
"Yes," she again touched his face gently.  "In a few decades, Cylons would have revolted and everyone would have died anyway."
"Why would they have revolted?  Would my father's Cylons have rebelled?"
She smiled.  "Does it surprise you to know that?"  Apollo didn't respond.  "Does that make you feel better?  To know that he was making the same mistakes as you, but wholly on his own?"
Apollo shook his head, "No."
"Regardless, you've done your part, mostly.  Your job is almost done.  You've saved mankind!"  She paused and then said, "What was it you almost asked?"
Apollo was barely able to focus on her.  "When?"
"You almost said, 'I thought God was love?'"
"Yes," Apollo said.  
"He is.  God loves mankind.  That's why it will survive this.  If he didn't love humanity, then they would all die here.  There wouldn't be a second chance."
Apollo looked away from her and toward Delphi again.  The grey-black mushroom was taller and more stretched.  It was partially illuminated by the moon and the winds higher above the ground were beginning to tilt it to the east.
He collapsed in a heap and sat on the road.  Crying again, he asked, "How is this saving mankind?"
Leto knelt beside him and wrapped her arms around his neck.  She laid her head on Apollo's and said, "Those that remain on Kobol, human and Cylon alike, will kill each other and die out on their own."  Her son whimpered and she continued, "But a few hundred thousand people will survive this day.  They will carry life into the stars.  And they will multiply, giving humanity another chance for peace and salvation.  They will plant more trees.  You have given them that chance."
He shook his head, still sobbing.  "It's just numbers to you.  Two and a half billion people, dead."
"True," she said.  "A few hundred thousand people survive and you bear the guilt for bringing about the instrument of their destruction or, if you didn't bring about this doom, zero survive.  Zero survive and there's nothing you or anyone else could do about it."
Apollo looked up, realized she wasn't holding him any longer, and that she was now several paces away.  "I do … bear the guilt."
"Not alone, son."  She smiled, glanced toward Delphi and then she pointed south to the fort.  "You need to get to your ship.  You only have seven minutes before the next missile comes and hits Erebos.  We have to tell humanity where to go."
And she vanished.
Apollo looked at the spot where she stood.  A shudder wracked him and he inhaled sharply before looking north again at the cloud.  He bit his lip and closed his eyes, pondering what he had done.  He tried to reason it out.  He tried to tell himself that, if Leto was correct, he was saving people that wouldn't have been saved otherwise.  He tried to tell himself that.
Apollo wasn't comforted.
LXV
HECATE
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

She wasn't sure how she got here.
Hecate awoke after dawn against a tree near a steep path.  She stood and stretched, feeling an awful crick in her neck and back.  She hobbled over grass and onto the path again.  She looked around and saw mostly woods and rock.  
"Where the frak am I?" she said.
She looked down the path toward … she wasn't sure.  The City of the Gods?  Hecate walked to the far edge of the lane and stood out as far from the hill as she dared.  Seeing over the tree tops and hills, she spotted a plume of smoke rising into the sky.  Yes.  That was the city.
With nothing left behind her, she decided to walk up the path.  To climb the steep road wherever it led.  She walked and walked while trying to remember what happened yesterday.  The last thing she recalled was being with Alex Gideon in her car on the outskirts of the city when it happened.
Olympus was gone.
She stopped walking for a moment and looked back toward the city, though she saw nothing but trees.
After the flash, after standing on that street corner watching the cloud rise into the heavens, she remembered nothing.  She didn't feel hungry though she had no idea when she last ate.
After walking for an hour, Hecate came to an intersection.  The path crossed with a road that also led into the mountains.  Cars lined the road and they led into the hills as far as she could see.  She crossed the street to the far side and continued up the road, following the trail of cars.  People leaned out of their windows and asked Hecate for news or blessings.  She ignored them.
She soon reached a level area and a parking lot.  The foot path she was on continued into the mountains and she didn't stop.  People were now leaving their vehicles, stuck in traffic as they were, and climbing the path with her.  Many fell in behind after realizing she wasn't speaking to anyone for a time.
Along the way at rest benches and in groves, Hecate passed by people laid out on the ground with family members tending to them.  Pouring water into still mouths.  Stroking the sweaty foreheads of unresponsive spouses.  Cradling the lifeless bodies of children.  Hecate kept walking.
The Tomb of Athena.  It suddenly struck her where she was headed.  Hecate smiled a little at the thought.  There was still work for her to do there.  She reached into her pocket and felt her Streamset inside.  That's all she needed.  Hecate picked up her pace and the humans behind her struggled to keep up.
LXVI
THE REFUGEES
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

Phea was a small city about twenty kilometers from Thebes.  It sat on the northern coast of Scythia and held one of two spaceports in the small, southern continent.  The area was economically depressed and had been for centuries since the abandonment of the space mining programs and the neo-industrial revolution.  Its population had been under the two thousand mark for years.  This morning, it was nearly two hundred thousand.  And growing.
The roads and train lines leading southeast from Thebes were packed with vehicles.  The seven-hour-old mushroom cloud still hovered above the city, but winds had distorted it to an unrecognizable form.  The destruction the missile wrought was formidable, but not total.  Thebes had a population of just under four million people.  A third died in the blast and the resulting shockwave and fires.  Another third would die from radiation poisoning, but that was still days, even weeks away.
Cars rammed into each other and into ditches.  The wealthy drove their off-road vehicles off road for the first time to cross bumpy fields in an effort to reach Phea first.  Windows were lowered among the parked cars and the automated message kept playing from their radios.
"This is an order from the government of Kobol and the Quorum of the Twelve Nations.  All citizens of Kobol are ordered to evacuate their homes.  Repeat: evacuate your homes.  For your area, you are to proceed calmly and quickly to the city of Phea.  The spaceport in Phea is operational and will be ferrying passengers offworld."
The message had been playing for about an hour when the missile detonated over Thebes.  It didn't matter; before the attack, few took it seriously.

At the entrance to the spaceport, doctors from Phea's hospitals were posted.  They examined people as they entered the facility.
"Sir, I'm sorry, but we can't allow you or family to board."
His face fell in horror.  "What?  Why?!"
The doctor turned his diagnostic tool around and the display read, "634 Greds."
"This means you have acute radiation syndrome."  The doctor leaned into the car window and spoke softly to avoid upsetting the mother and children in the backseat.  "I'm afraid it means … you will be dead within a week."
A bead ran down his cheek.  He turned toward his family.  All of them were sweaty, pale, and nauseous.  He cried and blubbered and looked back to the doctor.  "Please, you have to let us try."
The doctor sighed and looked around.  Military guards were deployed along the fence to prevent people from climbing over.  Two guards stood nearby.  With a pained expression, the doctor leaned over again.  "I'm so sorry.  We have to save space on these ships for the healthy."
The man closed his eyes and screamed.  He banged on the steering wheel.  Just as his wife sat up and asked what was going on, he stepped on the accelerator and drove across the lot.  People dove out of his way and the car eventually plowed into the rear of another vehicle, pushing it against a wall and pinning three people under it.  
After that, the radiation tests weren't administered until after people had left their cars.

"Name?" the man asked as he held a computer tablet.
"Are you kidding?"  The father was holding his daughter and thousands of people lined up behind him and stood along the metal fence.  Hundreds of vehicles were parked haphazardly across the spaceport.  The father glanced up at the large ship looming above.  "Thebes was bombed!  There are thousands and thousands of people coming here and you want to take our names?"
The attendant lifted his hand and tried to quiet the crowd.  "Please!  Please!  These are the evacuation instructions!"
"Let us get on board and you can take our names later!" a woman shouted from farther back in the line.
A guard came down the ramp and looked over the attendant's shoulder, "What's going on?"
"I'm just trying to take their names, but …"
The guard shook his head, "Later, moron.  We need to get these ships up as soon as possible.  Let them on."
The attendant rolled his eyes and stepped aside.  The father and daughter ran up the ramp first and they were quickly followed by couples and families.  Individuals, too.  The guard pulled people aside when they brought too much.
"Just one case, sir.  There's not enough room for all of that."
He looked back at the pallet he dragged, carrying six bags.  "But … I need them all."
"Just one.  That's it."
As the line began to move, people began to bunch and crowd toward the entrances.  Police officers stood up on the railings and shouted at the crowd.
"Please!" one said.  "There are several ships!  Do not panic!  Do not rush!"
It did little good.  A few moments later, the ground shook and smoke poured from beneath one of the other large ships.  "What's that?" a man screamed.
The officer looked back and said, "The Chiron.  They're the first one to launch."

"Go one, two, and three," the captain said.  Formerly a civilian transport pilot, he was contacted a few months ago by the vice president's office and given top secret clearance and information on a new project.  He didn't know what it involved but he knew it was about piloting a bigger ship than he'd ever seen.  Last night, his earpiece buzzed and it was the president's office.  It was time to fly.
He threw the three levers up and pulled back on the stick.  The vessel arced into the sky above the port carrying nearly two thousand people.
"Looks good," the copilot said.  "Ready to follow the course over the sea?"
"Castor that," the captain said.  "Let's get up to one kilometer and we'll proceed on course to the orbital rendezvous."
The craft shuddered and moved away from the coast and out toward the sea.  Clouds broke over the bow of the ship and a beeping filled the cabin.  "We have incoming Eagles."
The captain gripped the stick more tightly and he glanced at the TARIS screen.  "Can we tell which side …"
He was interrupted by the sound of bullets riddling the hull.  More alarms engaged and the copilot frantically flipped switches.  "We're losing fuel.  FTL's been hit!"
The captain shook his head and banked the ship south toward Phea again.  He pressed a button on the panel and shouted as the ship's shaking became louder.  "Krypter, krypter, krypter!  Under attack.  Repeat, under attack!  Where's Adrestia?"
The Cylon-piloted Eagles came about for another run on the Chiron.  The large vessel, bulbous and not very fast, withered under the fire.  Its engines ruptured and it fell to the ocean.

The gunship Adrestia was supposed to be the first ship launched from Phea.  A tyllium leak kept it on the surface a while longer.  It held nearly one thousand civilians, but it also carried over one hundred veterans of the Kobollian military.
"Fire control, weapons hot," the speakers announced.
Retired Lieutenant Marcus Ran buckled himself in and the Adrestia shook beneath him.  The vessel was long and slender with a low-slung wedge out front.  From there, Ran and his veterans controlled the four machine gun emplacements and the priceless Hydra missiles, gifts from the gods themselves.
"You heard the captain," Ran said.  "Lock in and get ready to shoot."
The Adrestia quickly rose through the clouds and alarms sounded in the fire control room.  The gunners to the port side began to shoot as the quick Eagles swooped by and strafed the vessel with bullets.  Ran looked at his scope, making out five attackers.  He controlled the Hydra missile battery and he didn't want to waste a single one.
"Starboard side, here they come."  The gunners on his right began to fire.  Ran's scope flashed and one of the dots fell toward the ocean.  "Good.  Port, look aft."
The gunners swung to the rear and began to rake the sky with quick bursts.  Finally, the planes came into view and one of them was hit.  It began to smoke and move off.  Ran studied his scope.  The two remaining ships from the port side were swinging around to the front of the Adrestia.  On the starboard, another Eagle was joining formation with them.  A kilometer away and now closing, the three fighters were grouped together and Ran squeezed the trigger.
On the underside of the Adrestia, a large, black block, seemingly out of place on its hull, opened and ejected a single rocket.  It fell away from the ship for a moment before it sprang to life; spewing vapor from its tail and leaping ahead at great speed toward the attackers.  Still plenty of distance away, the central Eagle was hit by the Hydra missile and the other two were engulfed in the fireball and shockwave.
The Adrestia herself shook and the scope read clear.  "CIC, this is Fire Control.  Five splashed.  Repeat, five splashed.  Proceed with evacuations."

Phea was ahead of the curve.  The eighteen ships there were fueled and ready far ahead of any other spaceport on the planet.  Like all of the other spaceports, though, they were crowded.
More than a billion people were killed by the Streamchip virus.  The top ten major metropolitan areas had been heavily damaged by nuclear explosions, killing millions.  Several million people were dead at the hands of "civilian" Cylons.  Millions upon millions of people were fleeing like mad.  
At Phea, nearly half-a-million people were crowding the spaceport with more vehicles, airships, and pedestrians arriving every minute.  
In the end, only thirty-one thousand would escape from there.
LXVII
THE CYLONS
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

In the city of Andros, the streets were filled with people.  Running.  The Stream was mostly down but they heard about all of the cities that had been nuked.  That Olympus and the gods' other strongholds were destroyed.  Make no mistake: this was the end.
Thousands of people left their homes and ran for the spaceport.  It was on the outskirts of town near the ocean, but they didn't care.  They took cars and buses and trucks if they could.  If they couldn't, they ran.
There were fewer people than one might have expected, though.  Andros had a pretty high density of Chip users.  They were mostly dead now and thousands of them littered the streets.  Household Cylons revolted, killing hundreds of others.  Those machines were now running wild, too, attacking humans as they fled.  Some people didn't stand a chance.  Living sedentary lives through their Streamsets, they did little more than gain weight.  Running for their lives was the most work they had ever done.
As the sun rose, pandemonium still reigned.  Some people milled about.  Others were still scrambling to gather what they could to take to the spaceport.  Rumors recently began saying that there weren't enough ships at the spaceport to take everyone.  Only a few thousand would escape.  This was enough for some people to simply give up.
A fleet of transport trucks rolled into town.  Two stopped at the first intersection of the city proper, one at the next intersection, and one at the intersection beyond that.  Some branched away from the fleet and drove down other roads, taking up similar strategic positions.  People had to dodge the vehicles as they passed and they stood to watch the trucks warily.
Every truck was now parked.  The rear bed of each was covered in gray-green canvas.  No motion came from them at all.  Just as curiosity was about to get the best of some, the canvas tore away and Cylon warriors leapt to the streets, raising their rifles.  Citizens turned and ran, some screamed.  The warriors calmly and efficiently fired on them.  The people fell and bled into the gutters. 
Cylons heard the cries of people watching the scene from their windows high above the streets.  A company commander spotted them and ordered its units to raise their rifles.  With a quick slide of the handle under the barrel, the grenade launchers were primed.  The warriors pressed the buttons and dozens of grenades flew through glass and into the apartment buildings.  Nearly simultaneously, the walls and windows exploded.  Glass, plaster, wood, and flesh rained from above and onto the grass and sidewalks below.

Above Andros in a group of three fighter jets, Cylon warriors patrolled the sky, looking for targets.  The ships were gray with blue detail along their forward-swept wings.  They had no bombs and missiles but they did have machine guns.
"Negative on sector three south," one Cylon radioed to the others.  "Proceed to sector four south."
The jets banked toward the east.  A few minutes later, they swept over the Andros spaceport.  Nearly a million people from Andros and dozens of other nearby cities and towns had crowded the land in and around the port.
"Numerous contacts.  Thousands," the Cylon said.  "Recommend redeployment of Andros city units to Andros spaceport."

Six troop transport vehicles rolled through a fence and slammed to a stop.  Immediately, Cylon warriors leapt out, raising their rifles and running toward the facilities.
Huge jets loomed ahead of them.  There were bombers, fighter jets, tanker craft, and transports.  Dozens of different models; some rather new, most rather old.  If the Cylons could take this base, they would need only a few days to get these birds up and running.
"Move toward the station house," the company commander said.  A few squads staked out positions along the way, but nearly two hundred Cylons ran toward the structure at the center of the airfield.
As they ran, the crack of gunfire echoed across the base.  Cylons began to fall.  They stopped, formed a circle, and scanned, looking for a target.  Again, a gunshot.  A direct hit to one warrior's head.  It fell to its knees, quivering, before deactivating.  The Cylons moved toward the station house slowly and tried to lock in on the attacker's position.  After the next gunshot, the centurion pointed.
"There."  The Cylon raised its rifle and zoomed in with the scope.  It lowered the weapon and said, "Lord Zeus."

It didn't take long for the people gathered at the spaceport to grow wary of the Cylons circling above.  The three planes had been joined by three more.  Both groups moved along the outer perimeter of the crowd, waiting for the warriors to be redeployed from Andros.  
"Flight leader," one Cylon said.  "There is a group of humans fleeing the spaceport on the northeast corner.  They appear to be moving toward a group of vehicles."
The flight leader looked to the roads beneath it, hoping for a sign of the transports.  "How many?"
"Approximately twenty," it said.  "No other humans appear to be following."
"Stand by," the leader said.  
"Flight leader," a different Cylon said.  "I have spotted approximately one hundred humans fleeing on the northwest corner."
The leader wasted no time.  "Prevent their escape.  All fighters, weapons free on humans outside of the primary area."
Three jets banked east toward the field where several vehicles were parked.  The twenty humans were still running for them when the Eagles opened fire.  The shells turned the soil, spat brush into the air, and split chunks of flesh from bone.  In one sweep, all of those fleeing were dead.
On the northwestern corner, the three fighters opened fire.  Half of the one hundred people running toward the forest fell.  When the humans who stayed within the spaceport heard and saw the fighters opening fire; they wavered, trying to decide if they should run or take a chance and stay.  
Many near the edges of the spaceport area decided to run.
Thousands of people ran for the trees.  The three-plane group patrolling that section opened fire into the trees and swept their bullets toward the bulk of the spaceport congregation.  The other three-plane group flew straight over the port, opening fire, as well.

"Lord Zeus," the centurion said.  "Please come down and speak with us peacefully."
"No!" Zeus yelled back.  He fired and hit the centurion in the head.  The Cylons gathered in a bunch and began to walk toward him.  He fired again and again, hitting Cylons squarely in the head and dropping them to the ground.  With more than one hundred Cylons to go, Zeus ran out of ammo for his sniper rifle.
"Lord Zeus," another warrior said, "we will not harm you."
The god climbed down from the wing of the bomber and slowly approached the Cylons.  "Why not?"
"We have orders," the warrior said.  "Any Lord of Kobol we encounter is to be taken alive."
Zeus crossed his arms and sneered at the machines.  "So you can try and petition us for equal rights?"
"Perhaps," the warrior said.
Zeus shook his head and laughed.  "It will never happen."
"Perhaps not," the Cylon said.  Two other Cylons ran to Zeus' side and stepped behind him.  "I have my doubts.  Those are my orders, however."
"I see."  Zeus then pulled an earpiece from his right ear and crossed his arms again.  Seconds later, the two flanking Cylons were felled by silent gunfire.  Zeus ran toward the nearby building and soldiers sprang out from behind corners opening fire on the Cylons.
Zeus stepped around the side of the building while humans fired grenades into the group of machines.  The warriors spread out, shooting as they ran.  Several humans collapsed under the fire and some Cylons did, too.  After a few moments, the Cylons were retreating toward their trucks.  Some held positions nearby, popping out occasionally to fire.
The ground began to quake and everyone, Cylon and human, paused.
Zeus looked south and he saw a great, lumbering craft rising toward the clouds.
"What the frak is that?"
LXVIII
ZEUS
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

"It's some sort of transport, sir," the human captain said.  "There's been an automated emergency broadcast signal on the radio for several hours.  They're telling people to head to the nearest spaceport for evacuation."
Evacuation.  Zeus leaned against the building and watched the bloated ship rise on columns of vapor and smoke.  A moment later, a smaller craft lifted off as well.  The pitch of their engines was different, but each had that distinctive popping roar as it burned the air.  His breathing became more frantic and he balled up his fists.  Zeus' face flushed hot and he stepped away from the wall toward the vessels.  Anger boiled inside him.
"Apollo," he grunted.
Cylon gunfire opened up again, ricocheting around him.  Soldiers left the protection of the building; stepping between Zeus and the Cylons and opening fire.  Two soldiers were felled as Zeus walked in a furious daze toward a waiting gyrocraft.
"Out!" he yelled over the rotor noise.  "I'm flying!"
The pilot unhooked his helmet and seatbelts.  "Yes, Lord!"
He left the ship and Zeus climbed in.  Without buckling in or using the helmet, Zeus lifted the gyrocraft off the ground and immediately pointed it south.  Now rising high above the airfield, he saw waves of people flooding toward the spaceport.  He shook his head and stomped his feet.  "Again!" he yelled.  "He did it again!"
Still kilometers away from the spaceport, Zeus saw dozens of troop trucks moving toward the crowds.  Hundreds of Cylons were marching into the throng of humanity, firing as they went.  He held position away from the Cylons and the people, wondering what he was going to do.  He heard chatter coming from the gyrocraft's earpiece and he pulled it from the helmet.
"Splash three, Andros control," a voice said.
"Castor that, Callisto.  Three more waiting for you back here."
"Wilco."
Zeus looked to the spaceport far ahead.  He saw a second, large ship lifting off and the slender vessel was speeding back.  Three Eagles left the western side of the port and strafed the ship.  The Callisto, Zeus assumed.  Machine gun fire erupted from the human craft, dispersing the three fighters.
Zeus looked back toward the crowd of humans below.  Cylons were still marching; still shooting.  Zeus flipped the guard off the fire button on the stick and moved the gyrocraft forward.  He spun the ship around and tried to line up a good bit of the Cylons in front of him.  Zeus squeezed the trigger and bullets streamed from both sides of the craft and lit into the advancing machines.  Dozens crumbled under the fire and Zeus maneuvered the ship backward, still trying to line up more Cylons.  He squeezed the trigger again and tore up the enemy.  
The people were running toward the spaceport and pressing against each other.  There wasn't enough room for them all.  However many ships Apollo had prepared, Zeus knew that all of these people wouldn't be able to flee.
He turned the gyrocraft toward the east and fired again on the Cylons.  Dozens more fell.  This time, though, they fired back.  Glass broke around him and bullets whizzed past his head.  Zeus turned again but more machine gun fire struck the ship.  Soon, multiple warning indicators and alarms began to sound.  Fuel leaks, oil pressure loss, and more.  He would have to land the craft.
Spewing smoke from its rotors, Zeus aimed the gyrocraft at a marching company of warriors.  He accelerated forward toward the ground.  Soon, he was traveling at more than eighty kilometers an hour and his altitude came down to just a few meters.  A moment later, the skids and undercarriage of the gyrocraft began to clip the heads and bodies of Cylons.  The ship knocked several aside and they began to duck.  The gyrocraft crashed into a bank of grass and dirt and Zeus shook his head before leaving.  When he emerged, the Cylons lowered their weapons.
"Lord Zeus, please come with us," a centurion said.
Zeus stood up straight and tried to run, but he lost his footing.  He stumbled to the ground and a Cylon helped him to his feet.  Zeus reached up and felt the hairline near his left temple.  Blood.  He shook his head again and tried to pull away from the Cylon, but more machines approached and took him by the arms.
"You will come with us." 
Zeus shook his head and yelled at them, "You cannot take me!  I will not negotiate!"
Zeus was going to say something else when he heard jet fighters above.  He looked up and saw six Eagles scream overhead, firing on the group of humans.  He looked south and saw the human gunship, Callisto, fire a missile at them.  When it exploded and a blue-green plasma burst erupted from the debris of the six planes, Zeus knew they had Hydra missiles.
"Frakkin' Apollo," he slurred.
The Cylons seemed to have stopped their advance on the people.  They were still crowding toward the spaceport, but more than a hundred warriors and centurions were gathered around Zeus.  
"Does this mean we have won?" one asked.
"Negative," a centurion responded.  "Peace must be negotiated first."
"It's not going to happen," Zeus said.  
Three more Eagles swept overhead toward the Callisto.  While the human ship opened fire, another bulky transport lifted off.  Zeus watched it as he was dragged toward a waiting vehicle.  A transport was about to enter the cloud cover when Cylon planes flew toward it.  The spine of the ship shimmered and flashed.  There was a thunderous clap and wind blew to the south.  Zeus looked again and saw that the transport jumped away rather than deal with the Cylon fighter jets.  Before he could react, Zeus became aware of a higher pitched noise.  It was coming from the north.
Zeus looked and saw a golden gleaming dart flying toward him.  It stopped in the air, just a few hundred meters above and spread its wings.  He smiled and whispered, "Aetos."
The door opened and Zeus thought he could see Hermes himself drop a present for the Cylons.  The silver canister fell and fell, but before it hit the ground, it exploded, sending an electromagnetic pulse through the warriors.  The tin cans all around him dropped immediately and Zeus staggered for a moment as he regained his balance.  Before he could wave at Hermes, the Aetos moved down the fence and dropped another canister onto advancing Cylons.
Zeus then set his sights on the people still crowding toward the ships.  Zeus paused for a moment, regained his breath, and then moved toward them.  They were still almost one hundred meters away, but a few saw him.  When they began to rush him, the others saw, too.
"Lord Zeus!" they said.
"Lord Zeus," a woman said, "can you help us?"
He lifted his hands to steady the crowd.  "Please," he began, "please, I ask you to return to your homes."
The citizens looked at each other and then back to the god.  "But, Lord, they've bombed our city.  Corinth is almost destroyed!"  Not even Zeus' Chara could calm their agitation.
"Lord," a woman said, bending at her waist as she spoke, "Cylons came through Andros, killing anyone they saw!  They destroyed many buildings, too!"
"The radio says we should evacuate!"
"My children were killed on the Stream!  I have no reason to stay!"
They spoke and yelled and pleaded.  Each perspective layering on top of the other until Zeus began to feel the collective weight.  The Cylons attacked and he wasn't going to be able to stop them easily.  And even if he could, the wounds would be too deep to heal.
"My Lord," a man said, stepping closer, "you're injured."  He seemed as confused as he was concerned.
Zeus nodded and waved him away.  "I will be fine."  
Another transport jumped.  Light flashed along its hull, a circular wave erupted from it and then dissipated before the air quaked with the noise.
He straightened up and the people petitioned him again with their needs.  All he could do was nod and make empty promises.  Zeus looked at their faces and felt, for the first time, useless.
LXIX
HERMES
5 Days Before the Final Exodus

He was down to his last few EMP bombs.  Hovering over the edge of Andros spaceport, he thought he saw Zeus being dragged away by Cylons, so Hermes prepped and dropped this device carefully.
It exploded just far enough away.  Dozens of Cylon warriors dropped to the ground and Hermes pressed his hand against the induction pad by the hatch.  It was a bitch to fly the Aetos this way, but with one man acting as pilot and bombardier, he had little choice.  With his eyes closed yet seeing the position of the vessel above hundreds of Cylons below, he stopped the ship again and dropped another EMP device.  The machines collapsed.
Humans cheered and the Cylons still standing fired at the golden vessel as it swooped farther afield.  Human soldiers were now approaching the spaceport to protect the populace.  Hermes had only two devices left.  He turned the Aetos to the north and brought the vessel toward the Cylon front line.  They far outnumbered the human military, but Hermes' delivery would even the score somewhat.  It exploded and allowed the humans to move forward to more secure positions.
He again pressed his hand onto the pad and looked for the next best target.  With one EMP device left, it would be his final statement in the war.  The Aetos was unarmed.  No machine guns.  Not even a Hydra missile battery.  Just whatever Hermes dropped out the door.  
He saw a group of sixty Cylons slowly marching toward a perimeter fence and firing on people as they tried to crowd into the spaceport.  Hermes brought the ship around and hovered two hundred meters above the machines.  He removed the canister from the rack, counted to four and then dropped it.  It fell and fell, finally hitting the ground and just sitting there.
It was a dud.  
Hermes shook his head; disappointed at the anticlimactic end of his campaign.  He stepped away from the door and the Cylons on the ground began to fire on the Aetos.  Bullets mostly bounced off the hull, but Hermes didn't want to take any chances.  He sat down in the main pilot's seat and lifted the ship higher.  Once he folded up the wings he flew back north.  He sighed loudly, again cursing his bad luck with that last EMP bomb.  There had been other duds, too, but for the last one to fail … that was a shame.
The TARIS alarms sounded and he spotted three Eagles closing on his position.  "Not good," he said.  Every other plane he had encountered in the last day had been piloted by Cylons.
Yesterday, after arriving in the middle of the night at Atlantis, he circled for hours.  He watched and studied and saw nothing.  He bided his time by plugging into the Stream and broadcasting kill commands and any number of overrides that came to mind.  Nothing worked.  Eventually, he had to land to conserve fuel and he chose a secluded spot in central Illyria.  
Later, he caught a newsfeed about the Cylon attacks at Phea.  Hermes knew he could help the people at spaceports, so he flew to Meteon.  It was dark there yet he found all out battle.  A small group of humans versus a large battalion of Cylons.  Transports were lifting off slowly and Cylon jets were strafing them while a single escort vessel held them at bay.  Hermes dropped almost a dozen EMP devices there.  Two transports were destroyed, but all of the Cylon attackers were, too.  Hermes then remembered that Zeus was going to Andros and that there was a spaceport there.  At full speed, he flew to Andros.  It took him hours, and during that time, he thought.
Am I to blame for this?
Hermes turned the Aetos south toward the spaceport.  He was not yet at full burn, but the Eagles were closing on him.  And then a fourth fighter joined in.  Andros was ahead and three transports were aloft, steaming toward the clouds.  The escort ship was engaged with other fighters and Hermes pounded the console.
"Dammit," he said.  He maneuvered the golden craft as deftly as he could among the hovering ships.  The Aetos swept under one of the behemoths and through the trails of steam and smoke it left behind.  As the Olympian shuttle passed by one transport, it engaged its FTL.  The air buffeted and Hermes was knocked around in his chair.  The latecomer Cylon to the chase was caught in the shockwave and the craft broke apart magnificently.  Hermes' vessel emerged on the south side of the port, away from the transports and above the ocean.  The three remaining Eagles were directly behind.
"Attention escort vessel, this is Hermes aboard the Aetos," he signaled.  "Whatever assistance you can provide would be appreciated."
"Absolutely, Lord," the speaker said.  "Try to draw them to us and stay out of our firing patterns, if possible."
"Acknowledged."
Hermes banked the Aetos to the right and opened the wings.  The sudden drag provided a rapid deceleration and a steep turn.  The Cylons flew past him and took a moment to recover.  Unfortunately, because of the excessive g-forces, Hermes took a moment to recover, too.  He folded the wings back up and engaged full thrust toward Andros.  
Hermes saw the escort ship firing on at least four Cylon fighters with two other transports lifting off.  He swooped toward the escort, noting where the machine gun fire was leaving the ship.  He skated the top of the vessel and down over the bow, drawing the Eagles behind him.  He pulled back and the Aetos climbed skyward.  The three Eagles were close behind but before Hermes could bank away, his ship was rocked with a great explosion.  He scanned behind him and saw that his three Eagles and one other had been blown apart in a Hydra missile detonation.
Hermes smiled and signaled the escort, "Thank you.  Good work."
"Our pleasure, Lord Hermes."
Three Cylon fighters were still strafing the escort and Hermes turned his craft toward the transports.  Once he reached the other side of the spaceport, he saw a group of six Cylon fighters closing in.  "Oh, shit," he said.
They opened fire on the transports and one engine exploded almost immediately.  The large craft stumbled in its ascent and the six jets came around for another pass.
Hermes sighed and decided to take them on.
Was it his fault?  Centuries ago, before his "vacation," Hermes felt the need to insinuate himself into the commercial world of Kobol again.  Among the executives, he feared that he seemed less god-like than he should have.  He gave away some technical secrets; some computer workarounds.  Processing systems would work more efficiently and intuitively without expressly breaking divine commandments.
It was a cheat.  Hermes was showing off what little knowledge the Olympians had left that the humans hadn't discovered on their own.  He curried their favor and earned their worship, but he worried.  Yes, it was several centuries ago.  Yes, residual fear kept the scientists and corporations in line … but only for a time.
Soon, Cylons – both civilian and military – began to be upgraded with the new technology.  Nothing untoward happened, thanks to Hermes' instructions.  But still …
Hermes dove the Aetos toward the swarm of fighters.  He hit none, yet he disrupted their attack.  He engaged the engines at full and pushed the ship to sea.  The six Eagles tracked him and began a pursuit.
He smiled and forged ahead.  By drawing them off, he may have saved thousands of lives.  
How many more would have been saved if he hadn't acted selfishly centuries ago?
He extended the wings again and banked ninety degrees to the right.  The first group of three Cylon fighters flew past.  One Cylon clipped a wing; breaking off a piece and sending the Eagle down toward the ocean.  The Aetos wobbled in flight, but Hermes was able to compensate.  
Two Cylons swept back, raking the fuselage of the golden vessel with bullets.  Hermes twisted the ship around, banking again and flying into the path of the returning trio of Cylons.  Two Cylons crashed into each other and exploded.  The three remaining Eagles regrouped and swung back toward the struggling Olympian ship.  Hermes pushed the engines as hard as they would go, and after nearly a minute, the three Eagles broke off their pursuit.
He thought again about the Cylons all over Kobol.  They killed well over a billion people just with the Streamchip virus.  Hermes was thankful he downloaded just last week and hadn't had a chance to get a new one.  With the missiles, hundreds of millions more would die and the Cylons were fighting harder still.  Was he to blame?  Or Apollo?  Apollo's the one who reprogrammed that one … and that's the one that started it all.  
No, Hermes felt guilty.  It sat in his belly like a stone.  When he closed his eyes, he saw thousands of Cylons marching across the land.  Cylons that carried his processor designs.
The TARIS alarms sounded.  Coming across the sea, his scope showed nine Vulture-class heavy bombers.  He shook his head and opened a channel.  "Bomber group.  Identify."
No response.
Nine heavy bombers on a direct course for Andros.  With the payload they likely carried, the Cylons could wipe out more than one million people there.  He waited and watched the sky.  Soon, he spotted the nine shapes in the clouds above.  Hermes began a climb and he emerged behind them.  He struggled with the controls to bring the Aetos back around, but he did and fell in behind the group.
"Now what?" he said aloud.
He thought about the millions of people at Andros.  The transports that were still trying to get away.  He knew he had to do what he could to stop these planes.
He increased the throttle and extended the wings as far as they would go, despite the damage.  He moved in toward one Vulture and defensive machine gun fire from three of the bombers began.  Bullets hit the golden hull and bounced into the cabin.  Hermes pushed forward and clipped the upright tail of a bomber with the Aetos' wing.  The Cylon bomber began to flatspin and fell from the clouds.  
Hermes smiled, thinking he could do this again and again.  More defensive fire lit into the ship and he tried to move to the next bomber's upright tail.  Before he could, a bullet ricocheted in the cabin and hit his neck.
He reached up and felt the blood pouring from his wound.  He pressed hard against it, trying to stop the bleeding, but he knew it was pointless.  He had mere seconds.  Hermes gasped and pressed his other hand on the induction panel hard, turning the ship away from the group at great speed.  After a wide sweep, the Aetos approached the line of bombers on edge.  Each of the eight remaining planes were lined up before him.  He hoped he could hit the first and bounce to the next and so on, wiping out the entire fleet.
Hermes was growing lightheaded when the golden craft hit the first Vulture's dorsal fuselage.  The Aetos was damaged and buffeted by the impact and flew into the wing of the next bomber.  The plane exploded, breaking apart the Olympian's shuttle and scattered pieces into the next two bombers.
The bulk of the Aetos fell into the sea, but four Cylon bombers remained on course for Andros.
LXX
GIDEON
4 Days Before the Final Exodus

"I'm not sure I follow, delegate," Alexandra said.  She touched the end of a computer against the arm of a sleeping boy.  It beeped a moment later.
Lemuel Damon represented Cancer in the Quorum.  Before the attack, he was mostly a quiet member.  "If you would stop what you're doing for a moment and listen, you probably could."
Alex stood up straight and lowered her arm.  She let the computer hang by her side and she grinned slightly, "I'm sorry, delegate.  Please."
He nodded and stepped closer.  "I have a great many concerns about this evacuation."
"I see," Gideon said.  She looked toward the tree line in the east and saw the first bit of dawn breaking through.  "Such as?"
The delegate looked over his shoulder to the tents set up along the rocks and trees.  They were now in the far southwestern end of the Great Meadow having moved there yesterday to avoid being sighted by any Cylon scouts.  "Is the president awake yet?"
Alex shook her head and her expression became grim.  "No.  He's not.  He … needs the rest."
"I'm sure," Damon said.  He stepped closer and continued, "I would like to discuss something of great importance with him."
"What would that be?"
He became still and then he said, "Staying on Kobol."
Gideon's eyebrows lifted, "'Staying?'"
"Yes," he said.  "The order to evacuate came from Acastus, not the Quorum."  He lifted his head and became visibly agitated, "We delegates are not happy about that at all.  We were not consulted in any way.  Not from the construction of the ships, where they're going, or even who gets on board."
"You'd like to decide who gets to go?"
Damon sighed and shrugged, "To a certain extent, yes."
Alex leaned over and pressed the computer in her hand against the arm of a sleeping woman.  It beeped and she stood.  "Who would get to go, delegate?"
"Well," he said before he looked down at the sleeping people.  He paused and thought for a moment before asking, "What are you doing with that?"
She held the computer up for him to examine.  "Deciding who gets to go.  If their radiation level is under two hundred Greds, they get an orange card and are allowed to board."
Damon looked back across the row of sleeping bags.  "But … I've been with you for almost ten minutes now and you haven't given anyone an orange card."
"I know," she said.  She took a few steps and bent over a man.  He grinned at her weakly and she pressed the device against his arm.  It beeped.  Four hundred ninety-six Greds.  She smiled and stood.
Damon held back for a moment and watched her.  He inhaled and then trotted ahead.  "Miss Gideon, the thing we'd most like to discuss with Stephen is the issuance of that evacuation order."
Gideon nodded and sighed.  "It had to be carried out in secret."  Apollo and Acastus were always secretive about it.  She didn't know the exact reasons why, but she could guess now.  "If the Cylons knew about those transports then an evacuation would have been disastrous."  Her guess was wrong.
Damon raised his hands, "I understand.  But … we should have been consulted."  Gideon looked down at the ground and prepared to lift her computer before the delegate spoke again, "And I still want to discuss staying on Kobol with the president."
"I …" she chuckled nervously.  "How can we stay?  There are thousands of Cylons roaming the planet free and pissed off.  They've handily defeated our military at almost every turn.  Olympus is destroyed.  Cities are filled with corpses.  And radiation …"
"I'm not saying it would be easy, Miss Gideon," Damon began, "I'm simply saying it should be considered."
"And consider what?" Acastus asked.  "Surrender to the Cylons?"
Gideon and Damon looked toward him quickly.  "Mr. President," Alex said.  She walked toward him and put an arm around his shoulder.  "How are you?"
He nodded and waved her off, "What is it, Lem?  You want to stay on Kobol and rebuild, I guess?"
Damon stepped forward and gingerly shook Acastus' hand.  "I'd like to try."
"You want to talk surrender?" Stephen asked.
Damon scoffed and smiled simultaneously, shaking his head.  "Not really.  But … I think we could stand to try negotiating."
"Negotiate," he muttered.  Stephen looked toward the rising sun and said, "You know what they've done.  You know they won't stop."
"They might stop if we say the right thing."
"And give them freedom?  Equal rights?"
Damon shrugged, "In light of all this, would that be so bad?"
Acastus scratched his neck.  "Compared to this, no.  Ignoring the fact that the gods seem unequivocally opposed to the idea, think of the world that would exist.  An almost eternal resentment against Cylons from humans because they killed nearly two billion of us.  And an almost eternal resentment against humans from the Cylons because we enslaved them for centuries.  There'd be strife for ages.  Another war might be inevitable."
"I understand …"
"And what about workers to rebuild our society?  Cylons aren't going to want to be our servants any longer."
Damon lifted his hands, "You make good points but these are points we can discuss with them."
"No," Acastus said.  "We're leaving."
The delegate folded his arms and he exhaled slowly.  "Why?  Why must we leave and why haven't we heard from the gods about this?  At all?"
Gideon shook her head, "Delegate, who do you think initiated this plan?"
Acastus placed a hand on her arm to calm her.  "I have been in touch with the gods on this subject for … some time."
Damon seemed confused.  "But we've had word that the gods have been leading people into the mountains.  Near the Gates of Hera."
Stephen looked at Alex, but her expression was blank, too.  The president said, "What gods?  Why?"
"I don't know.  Just rumors, I believe, but there must be some sort of truth to it, given how many times we've heard it."
Acastus nodded.  "And what are you thinking?"
"I've spoken with the Quorum," Damon motioned back toward a collection of tents.  "We'd like to move into the mountains and follow the god or gods who have gone there."
The president lowered his head in thought.  Gideon didn't breathe.  She knew Apollo had pushed for the evacuation, but if a different god was leading people to safety in the mountains, it might be worth a try.
Acastus looked up.  "Do you have a full Quorum?  Is every nation represented?"
Damon nodded slowly.  "Yes.  Seven of us delegates are still about.  The other five were deputy delegates who had to be moved up."
Stephen inhaled sharply and said, "If you and the Quorum want to move into the mountains and take your chances there, I won't stop you."
The delegate shook Acastus' hand again, "Thank you, Stephen."  He looked back to the tents and said, "We're going to gather our things and then I'd like the opportunity to address the people."
"To say what?" Alex asked.
"To give them a choice."  Damon nodded again and walked away.
Gideon turned to the president and held his arm.  "How are you?  Really?"
"I feel," he rubbed his forehead, "horrible.  I've already thrown up.  My skin's all clammy."
She nodded and stood closer to him.  "Have you had your injection yet?"
"Yes."  He turned and hobbled back toward his tent.  "What's the latest word?"
"I haven't gotten a status report, yet.  Everything's having to move through older channels."  Stephen smiled.  "It's been a millennium or so since we couldn't rely on the Stream."
"Right."  Acastus sat on a rock against the cliff face.  Gideon sat next to him.  He looked at the device in her hand and then at her.  "How many orange cards have you given out today?"
She sighed.  "None."
Acastus closed his eyes.  "Have you heard from Cyme?"
"Not this morning," she said.  "They expected the tyllium to arrive last night.  There were … riots around the spaceport."  Acastus shook his head while she continued, "Cyme was hit particularly hard.  The Cylon missile destroyed half the city and many of the people are going to be too sick to board the ships."
Acastus kept his eyes closed as he spoke.  "That means there could be some empty ships."
"I've already told them to come here when they've loaded everyone they could."
Stephen nodded.  "Any word from Apollo?"
Gideon said, "No."  She turned the radiation scanner over in her hand and looked toward the trees lining the nearby cliff.  "Goddess Athena, though …  She's been awake all night."
"I'm not surprised."  Acastus opened his eyes and leaned forward, looking toward the trees, too.  "Is she still in there?"
"I think so," Alex said.  "It's strange to see her like this."  She shifted her leg and tried to sit more comfortably on the rock.  She reached into her pocket to pull out the wad of plastic that was causing her pants to bunch up.  A stack of orange cards.
"How are you doing?" the president asked.
Gideon was staring at the cards.  She fanned some of them out.  They were new.  A nice, shiny color.  Bright.  Rectangular, though the corners were cut off.  "I'm doing well."
Stephen chuckled, "I don't think so."
Alexandra looked at him and paused, rethinking her answer.  "How can I truly be well?  I mean, I'm alive still.  I don't have radiation sickness.  I'm … better than most people."
"You are."
"But my home is gone.  People I knew are gone.  We're going to be leaving the only world I've ever known."
Acastus put his hand on her leg.  "You will be fine.  Trust me."
"If you're good here for a while, I'm going to get back to this," Gideon held the scanner up.
"Go ahead, dear."
Alex slid the plastic cards back into her pocket and walked several meters toward the expanse of the meadow.  She found a family of four sitting in a huddled mass together, awake.  They were eating from a snack bag.  Chewing almost absent-mindedly, their eyes were glazed over and they didn't seem to notice anyone else's presence.
Gideon knelt by their side and touched the mother on the arm.  "Hello."
She blinked for a moment and then looked at Alex.  "Hi."
"I need to scan you guys.  Make sure you're alright."
The mother nodded.  "That's fine."
Alex put the end of the device against the mother's arm and pressed the button.  She closed her eyes and held her breath, hoping for something different.  Her pocket was too full of those orange cards.
Two-hundred thirty four.  Alex winced and then held it against the arm of the little boy.  Two-hundred fifty-five.  The father and the sister both had two-hundred sixty Greds.
Alex smiled and stood.  She was about to turn.  She was about to walk away when her pocket felt heavier than normal.  She reached inside and removed four orange cards.  Holding them in her hand, the rising sun glinted off the glossy plastic into her eyes.  Gideon smiled and bent over.  "Here.  Each of you gets one.  Don't lose it.  Understand?  You have to keep this."
The mother and father took them and nodded.  "We'll hold onto them."
Gideon stood up straight again and began to walk.  She breathed a little deeper.  A little easier.  Her pocket felt better, too.  She reached the next sleeping bag and found a bloated, disheveled man, snoring.  Alex knew he was a Streamer.  One of those Acastus had been trying to help for decades.  One of the many millions who did nothing but sit, eat, play on the Stream, and then sleep.  She knelt and scanned his arm.  
One-hundred twenty-two.
She stood again and closed her eyes.  Why?  How was this fair?  She looked down the row of sleeping bags she had scanned over the last hour.  In the hundreds of people she saw, only this man actually warranted a card.  Gideon couldn't help but think that he didn't really deserve it.  How many other worthy people had she bypassed who could make a greater life for themselves if they got off Kobol?
Alex was about to step away when she felt her pocket weighing her down again.  She couldn't do it.  She couldn't decide who was worthy or not to survive.  She reached in, removed a card, and tossed it onto his chest.
"May I have your attention, please," Delegate Lemuel Damon began some distance away near the cliff face.  He managed to find a working bullhorn and hooked it up to several speakers.
Gideon sighed and walked east across the meadow to the swelling crowd forming by the rocks where Damon and the new Quorum were standing.  She let her arms dangle by her side.  She just wanted to turn off her brain and relax for a moment.
"I am Delegate Lemuel Damon and I represent the nation of Cancer."  He held the microphone closer to his mouth and stood up on his feet to see toward the back of the crowd.  "Can everyone hear me?"
Many said, "Yes," and he nodded.
"Words cannot adequately express the feelings I'm sure we all have right now so … I won't even try."  The audience lowered their heads and Damon continued, "Right now, it would be good for us to think of the future.  We have to … think about surviving, more than just one day at a time.  Now, President Acastus has these transport ships taking thousands of people into space and then on to who knows where."
Many in the audience shook their heads, some even vocally expressing their displeasure.
"Problem is, there aren't enough ships for everyone."  Again, the crowd became vocal.  "There are still going to be millions of survivors left behind here on Kobol when those ships are gone."  The people became louder.  "We have to have a plan.  We have to be ready.  Most importantly, we have to make a choice."
Damon pointed to the field behind the crowd.  It was mostly empty at this point.  "Sometime today, this meadow will be filled with transport ships.  A few thousand will be able to get on board.  The rest will not."  The crowd mumbled and grumbled.  "How many of you have been given an orange card?"
Most people looked at each other and seemed confused.  A few others held up theirs.
"Oh, no," Gideon whispered.
"That card means you're clear to leave on those ships.  If you weren't given one, you might not be allowed to go."
The people became angry and they turned toward the people with the cards.  Alex hid the scanner behind her back.  There was shouting and some people fell to the ground.
"No, no!" Damon shouted.  "Leave that man alone!  He has his card, let him keep it.  He can choose to get on the ship.  More cards may be coming later but you'll have to be scanned first.  But right now, we have a choice."  He pointed to the meadow again, "We can sit here, wait for the ship to come and hope we have an orange card.  Or we can choose to reclaim our homes.  We can choose to stay here, on Kobol, and tough it out."  The audience became vocal again, but far more positive.  "It will take work and it will not be easy, but we can do it."  The people cheered and he pointed toward the mountains.  "We can choose to take the high road.  We can choose to stay and it starts by climbing that hill.  We have it on good authority that one or more gods have gathered at the Gates of Hera.  We take this path and we can rejoin our Lords and rebuild our paradise."
The people cheered again and Damon shouted over them, "We can choose!  The ship or the road!"
A few people trickled away from the crowd covertly and Alex watched them walk away.  The bulk of the audience, a thousand or so people, lifted their arms and chanted, "The road!"
"In a short while, the Quorum will depart the meadow and we will take the high road!"  The people cheered.  "Please join us!"  Damon waved and put down the microphone.
Gideon walked away slowly and she passed by a triage tent.  She stepped inside and spoke to a doctor as he drank a cold cup of coffee.
"Dr. Nadiam," Alex began, "I'm here to return this."  She presented the scanner to him.  "I measured a few hundred people this morning, but I'm afraid my other duties are catching up to me."
He nodded and forced down a gulp of his drink.  "I understand.  How many cards did you give out?"
"Only a few."  She looked outside of the tent toward the dispersing crowd.  "I'm afraid after that speech that my presence and these will be unwanted."  She held out the orange cards and Nadiam took them.
"Yes."  He opened a box and tossed them inside.  "We'll see how people feel about them once the ships actually get here and start taking us away."
Gideon nodded and she left the tent.  She walked slowly back toward Acastus.  She saw him, a hundred or so meters ahead.  He was still sitting on that rock, leaning against the cliff.  She smiled for a moment at the sight until horror crept into her mind.  She ran as fast as she could.  The meters took forever for her to traverse and she jumped onto the rock next to him, grabbing his shoulder.  
"Mr. President?" she said.  "Are you alright?"
Acastus awoke with a start and looked around.  "Yes.  What?  What's going on?"
Out of breath, Gideon closed her eyes and she leaned away from him.  "I'm sorry.  I just saw you, sitting here, and …"
"You thought I was dead," Stephen said with a smile.  Alex didn't say anything but she grinned slightly.  
"Mr. President," a military officer said as he ran up to them.  "I've just received a radio signal from Lord Apollo.  He'll be landing here in a moment."
Stephen took in a deep breath and nodded to the man.  "Good.  Thank you."  He straightened and prepared to stand from the rock.  He looked at Alex, "Think you could go meet him for me and, maybe, ask him to join me over here?"
She had regained her breath and she smiled.  "I'm sure he won't mind."
"That's my girl."  He closed his eyes and leaned back against the cliff.
Gideon stood and followed the officer as he led her through a group of tents into an open area.  A few moments later, the thump-thump of a gyrocraft became audible and she scanned the trees trying to find it.  The ship came from the east and it swooped low over the trees and across much of the field.  Many of the people weren't sure who or what was on board and they panicked, fearing the Cylons had found them.  
The gyrocraft came to a stop above Alex's head and it slowly lowered.  She closed her eyes and ducked, waiting for the rotors to stop spinning.  They were still moving when the hatch opened and Lord Apollo emerged.
He was wearing a black singlesuit with a Gemnar vest and armor pads.  An assault rifle was slung over one shoulder and a satchel over the other.  His blonde hair was dirty and his usually radiant face was sweaty, streaked, and dominated by a grim expression.
Gideon had been hoping for a happy demeanor so she could enjoy a few moments of bliss.  A god's well-dispositioned Chara could change one's outlook for the whole day.  Seeing Apollo's frown, Alex knew that wasn't to be.
As the officer snapped to attention, Apollo walked straight to Alexandra.  "Miss Gideon.  How are you?"
She smiled despite the sour feeling in her stomach.  She figured it was the Chara.  "As well as can be expected, Lord."  
Apollo glanced around the meadow.  "Is Stephen around?"
"Yes, the president is waiting for you this way."  Alex turned and walked back toward the tents.  She looked to her left, wondering if the people would see Apollo and try to rush him.  A few seemed to notice, but they made no moves.  After dodging the tents, Apollo and Gideon found Acastus leaning against the rock face still.
"Stephen?" Apollo said.
The president's eyes slowly opened and he smiled.  "Lord Apollo.  Please forgive me if I don't stand up."
Apollo sat next to him on the rock.  He heaved a great sigh and his shoulders slumped.  He put his large hand on Acastus' knee.  With a sympathetic grin, he asked, "How are you doing?"
He laughed.  "A lot better once I realized the true irony of it all."
Apollo glanced toward Alex and then back at Stephen.  "And what's that?"
Acastus grinned and put his other hand on top of Apollo's.  "In order to not die from cancer, my doctor wanted me to have radiation therapy.  I was afraid the cure will kill me.  Now, after refusing the radiation, I'm dying … not from the cancer, but from radiation."
Apollo chuckled and leaned closer to the president.  His smile faded and he breathed in sharply.  His eyes sank and sheer sadness washed over his face.  "Stephen, I don't know what to do …"
The shift in the Chara made Gideon quake, almost so fearful that she wanted to flee, but the president seemed fine.  He smiled and patted Apollo's hand.  "It's almost over."
Apollo nodded and he regained his composure.  "You've heard about Delphi."
"I did.  I'm sorry."  He paused and then asked, "Have you heard from your father?" 
Apollo looked toward Alex and shook his head.  "No.  Nor from Hermes, Ares, Athena …"
"Athena's here," Gideon said.
"Where?" he turned, looking around.
She pointed toward the trees a few hundred meters away.  "Last time I saw her, she was there."
Apollo relaxed again and nodded.  "I'll … probably go talk to her shortly."
After an awkward silence, Acastus looked across the nearby tents.  No one was watching.  "The last estimate I heard … two billion, dead."
The god nodded.  "I'm afraid so."
"Will the Cylons ever quit?" Alex asked.
Apollo looked toward her.  "I can't say.  They're 'true Cylons' now.  They can choose to do whatever they want."
Gideon's heart stopped. 
"What did you say?"
Apollo looked at Gideon in surprise.  Her tone was not nearly as kind or worshipful as he was used to.  Her face was ashen and her eyes wide.  "I said, 'they can choose …'"
"You said, 'true Cylons.'"
Apollo nodded and looked at Acastus before looking back at Gideon.  "Yes."
Alex's breathing became more rapid and forceful.  "I … can't believe this."
She shook her head and began to turn in circles before Apollo grabbed her arm.  "Alexandra, what's wrong?"
She whipped her head toward him.  Her eyes were red and welling up and her mouth was contorted into a twisted angry smile.  "I'm a Cylon."
Now Apollo's face went ashen.  His eyes widened.
"What did she say?" Stephen asked.
Apollo pulled Gideon closer.  His face became expressionless and he asked, quietly.  "Why do you say that?"
"Because a 'true Cylon' is any being created through artificial means and given artificial intelligence."  She held her hand against her eyes, trying to stop the tears.
Acastus heard her this time.  He looked around again; hoping no one was within earshot.  "Who told you this?"
"Hecate."
Apollo sighed loudly and his eyes rolled up into his lids.  "You … you can't trust what she said."
"But she's right!"  Acastus tried to calm her down with hand gestures, but she ignored them.  "I'm part of the Thirteenth Tribe!  We all know how we got started!"
"Stop, Alexandra," Apollo said.  "Please."
"You've lied to me."  She pulled away and she stopped crying.  She saw the two of them sitting there, on that rock, and a realization came to her.  "You've known.  All along, you've known this would happen.  That's why you gathered the ships.  For all these years, I helped you!"  She lowered her face into her hands again.
Apollo stood and tried to put an arm around her.  "Alex, please.  We didn't know.  Not really."
"I knew from Pythia that certain things would happen," she sniffled.  "But you knew more, right?"  She looked into his face.  "You knew more than I did.  You knew …"
Apollo nodded slowly and looked to Stephen.  He said, "We … did know more than we let on."
Gideon's face shifted again into a combination of anger and sadness.  She pulled away and looked from one to the other.  "I can't stay."
Acastus stood and reached toward her, but she had already turned.  After a few quick strides, she was in her small tent.  She hurriedly stuffed her backpack with her few remaining items and she crawled out again.  She walked down the field, purposely avoiding eye contact with either Apollo or the president.  
She looked up.  Three hundred meters away, she saw the Quorum of Twelve get into the back of a truck and triumphantly ride up the first part of the path.  Hundreds and hundreds of people cheered and they began to follow.  Some on bicycles and motorcycles.  Some in cars of their own.  Most on foot. 
She felt betrayed.  For fourteen years, she was Acastus' assistant and she helped him and Apollo with their covert operations to save a few hundred thousand out of two and a half billion.  She didn't know everyone else would be doomed, but she had hope.  Now, she just felt used.  They knew more about her than they let on.  Why wouldn't they have told her the truth?  About herself?  About everything?
Alex stepped over a few rocks and she watched her foot as it touched the asphalt on the high road.  She looked up and saw the hundreds of people ahead of her.  She knew that, later today, everyone in a vehicle would have to stop and walk once they reached the hill at the base of the Gates of Hera.
If they were all headed toward the Tomb of Athena, that is.
LXXI
ATHENA
4 Days Before the Final Exodus

She didn't sleep.
She hadn't slept in days, she was sure.
Athena leaned against a tree, sitting on a cliff face, looking out over the Great Meadow, just southwest of the City of the Gods.
The city.  She was there for days.  She lifted bodies, feeling for life.  She kicked aside debris, looking for life.  She found it only sparingly.  
Athena helped many people escape the city, escape the Cylons, but she didn't remember that part right now.  She just remembered the smoking, burned-out hulks of cars and buildings that lined the streets around the city center.  She remembered her one, brief venture into the northern part of town.  She found only fire and ashen corpses.
She closed her eyes again, thinking of better times.  Not just here, but Athens, too.  
Oh, Athens!  Destroyed!  The Cylons took that away, also.
She looked down to the Meadow and saw thousands of people huddled for warmth and comfort in the early morning sun.  Not too long ago, she would have happily gone among them to offer her support.  Her blessings and love.  Not today.
Athena heard and felt a rumble.  She looked around and realized it was an aircraft flying overhead.  A gyrocraft hovered low over the trees and then the Meadow before landing rather far away.  She watched it for a moment and then saw Apollo step out.
Apollo.
She … didn't know what to think.  She should have felt rage, she thought, over what Hecate had told her.  If it was even true.  Maybe she should have felt relief in seeing him alive given all that had happened.
Athena stood up and slowly made her way down from the trees.  She was standing along a ridge of rocks near the river.  Not wanting to draw the attention of the people, she moved within the trees toward the western end of the meadow.  It took some time, but she finally came up behind a medical tent and she walked, hunched over, toward Apollo.
He was sitting on a rock with Stephen Acastus.  No one else seemed to notice her.  A military officer came near but he stopped when he saw who she was. 
Apollo stood and took a step toward her.  "Athena," he said softly.
She said nothing.  Acastus sat on the rock looking at her with his mouth hanging open.  Quickly, she looked down at herself and saw dust, dirt, blood, and singe marks.  Her hair was tangled and messy.  Her skin was wet from the morning dew and streaked with grime.
She looked up into Apollo's face and her voice cracked as she said, "Apollo."
The god stood there, motionless.  His breathing was heavy and he couldn't seem to decide what to do.  Finally, he reached out and put his hands on Athena's shoulders.  She backed away.
Acastus stood and began to hobble off.  "I'll be in my tent if you need me, Apollo."
He said nothing in reply.  He kept his focus on Athena.  It seemed to take great restraint for him to keep from putting his hands on her.
"It seems to be a silly question," Apollo began, calmly, "but, how are you?"
Athena's eyes glazed over and she nodded, "I'm fine."
"You don't look it."
Athena shook her head.  "There's just … too much."
"I know."  Apollo again appeared as though he wanted to touch her.  Instead, he looked around the camp before he rested his eyes on Athena again.  "Is there anything I can get for you?  Food?"
She didn't reply.  She stood still; staring at his neck and studying the precise way the shirt of his suit aligned just above the collar of the Gemnar vest.  After a moment, she said, "Are you and Hecate sleeping together?"
Apollo's color drained and his eyes went wide.  He opened his mouth and kept it still before he managed to say, "Where did you …"
"She told me."
Apollo closed his mouth and swallowed hard.  His nostrils flared while he thought about how to frame his response, but the delay told Athena enough.  She nodded knowingly.  Apollo began, "You need to understand, it was the beginning stages of me gathering …"
"Don't try to justify it to me."  Athena looked into his eyes and said calmly.  "Just justify it for yourself, I guess.  It doesn't matter anymore."
She turned and walked toward a basin of water sitting between two large tents.  She ducked her entire head inside.  When she stood again, Athena ran her hands over her hair and straightened it out.  The morning air was cold on her wet skin, but she didn't seem to mind.  She was in a daze.
LXXII
ACASTUS
4 Days Before the Final Exodus

"Apollo?" Stephen asked.
The Lord was standing by the rock watching Athena as she washed her face.  "Yes?"
"I've gotten various bits of news you might like to hear."  The president sat down again.  He fanned several pieces of paper out in front of his face; moving one piece back, another forward.
After a few moments, Apollo stopped watching his former lover and he turned to sit down beside Acastus.  "Are you worried about Alex?"
Stephen looked up and sighed.  "Of course.  But I don't know what to do."  He didn't, truly.  In some ways, she was right.  He had kept information from her.  But there was a greater good to consider.  He thought of Alexandra like a sister or daughter.  He had come to rely on her so much in recent years, he didn't know how he would cope in the coming days.
Apollo leaned forward with his elbows resting on the tops of his thighs.  "We could tell her the whole truth."
"It would destroy her.  Her faith in the gods is absolute.  Undoing that would … undo her."  Her leaving in tears hurt Stephen greatly.  His stomach churned and his throat grew thick as he remembered that sight.  "I only hope she thinks better of it all before it's too late."
Apollo nodded.  He looked again at Athena and asked, "What's the news?"
"Good news first.  So far, all of our remote detonations and military raids on power facilities have been successful."  Acastus coughed and then continued, "It's entirely possible that every major power production facility on the planet can be rendered useless within two weeks."
"Doesn't matter much for us, but that will be good for those left behind."
Stephen lowered the papers and asked, "How long can Cylons last without power, really?"
Apollo shook his head.  "The last I saw, months.  Maybe years."
"Frak."
"Yes," Apollo said.  He straightened up and folded his arms across his chest.  "Their kinetic energy converters can give them lots of power over time, but not indefinitely."
"But months could be all they need to overrun Kobol."
Apollo nodded.  "Maybe."
Stephen pulled a sheet of paper from the fan.  "We've secured four squadrons of Vulture bombers."  His eyebrows lifted slowly, "Plenty of bombs, too."
Apollo inhaled slowly before he said, "Once all of the transports are away, have them bomb the spaceports."
Acastus looked up.  "Why?"
"We need to destroy every piece of space technology we can.  If we eliminate the spaceports, there's a better chance they wouldn't be able to follow you." 
Stephen scratched his cheek and looked back at the papers.  "Cylons bombed the naval base at Piraeus."  Next page, "Apparently, they captured an ammo dump on Cythera.  Not only will they have nearly unlimited rifle ammunition, but there's also thermobaric and conventional bombs and … even some retired nuclear warheads, too."
"What?"  Apollo looked at Acastus incredulously.  "Cythera?  I've never heard of an ammo dump there."
The president shrugged.  "Me neither.  It's apparently a century or so old.  Expired ammo goes there to be destroyed, but it hasn't been destroyed in a while."
"What the …"  Apollo punched his leg.  "Ares didn't know about it.  He couldn't have.  He's been asleep for a millennium."  He shook his head and looked toward the clouds, "I should've known about it."
"You can't blame yourself for everything, Apollo."
The god inhaled deeply and nodded toward the papers on Stephen's lap.  "What else do you have?"
"Status update on the transports.  A full two-thirds have launched and most of those are already in orbit."  He pulled out one sheet and shook his head, "We've gotten requests from some commercial airliners to allow them to join our transports in orbit."
Apollo scoffed.  "For what?"
Stephen put the paper back into the fan.  "I don't know.  They want to get offworld, too."
"But they don't have faster-than-light drive."
"I know."
Apollo lifted his hand and continued, "Not enough fuel to go anywhere.  Not enough food."
"I know."
"They'll die in space."
Acastus then said, quietly, "Either there or here, I guess."  Apollo waited a moment and then nodded.  The president looked back at his papers and slowly separated another one from the array, "Andros was hit heavily by Cylons."  Acastus sighed and then continued.  "Fighter jets shot down six transports …"
"Dammit."
"And then Cylon bombers came and leveled everything that was left."
Apollo looked at Stephen, "What do you mean?"
Stephen licked his lips and stared at the paper.  He thought that the more detached he read it, the better he would feel.  "There were over one million people crowding the spaceport, hoping to leave in transports.  The bombers killed them all."  Apollo said nothing.  "Lord Zeus was last seen among the crowd."
Apollo's head turned and his face was still.  He blinked once and asked in a hushed tone, "Was he there when the bombs fell?"
"I don't know."
"No one has heard from him?"
Stephen shook his head.  "No."
Apollo grit his teeth and then he looked out toward the meadow, blankly.  "I see."
Acastus waited a moment.  He couldn't imagine how Apollo felt right now.  His father.  A man he had known for nearly six thousand years.  He was also the man he had tried to remove from power.  Possibly to kill.
Stephen pushed the papers back together into a single stack and he leaned against the rock.  "Have you spoken to your mother lately?"
Apollo closed his eyes and leaned forward, resting his face in his hands.  "Yesterday, just outside of Delphi."
Acastus tapped his fingers on a wrinkle on his pants.  "Were you there when …"
"Yes," Apollo said.  "I was."
"How close?"
Apollo sat up straight again.  "Not close enough."
The president wasn't sure how to take that.  Instead, he paused and then asked, "What did she say?"
"It was all my fault.  My doing." He motioned toward the City of the Gods, "These are my fires.  My destruction."  He motioned toward the remaining refugees camped out in the grass.  "These are my victims."
Acastus laughed and said, "Bullshit."  Apollo turned and looked at him quizzically.  "What about those visions she gave you?  This is the future you could have avoided?"
Apollo shook his head.  "There was no escaping that future.  It was a pipe dream to … keep me in line, I guess.  She had to give me hope so I'd do their bidding."  He pounded his leg.  "I believed her.  I believed that this could be stopped.  And, instead, I set it all into motion."
"You did what you did because she told you to.  Because she said that's what God wanted."
"Well," Apollo began, "that's the punchline.  God did want this."
Acastus' brow furrowed.  "I don't get it."
"Me neither."  Apollo looked at the huddled people again, "To him, I guess, we – the Olympians – muddied the waters.  We interfered too much with free will.  So, the slate must be cleared."
Stephen nodded, "The board reset."
Apollo looked at the president and said, "Yes."
A military officer stepped toward the pair, stopped and snapped to attention.  Acastus waved him forward and he approached.  "Mr. President, Lord Apollo.  We've established radio contact with the orbital fleet.  They await orders."
Stephen nodded.  "What's the word on the remainder of the, uh, as-yet-unlaunched transports?"
"Essentially, sir, the ones that haven't launched yet are ones that aren't under pressure by advancing Cylons."
"Makes sense," Apollo said.  "Get them fueled and launched as soon as possible."
The captain saluted, "Yes, Lord."  He lowered his arm and looked toward a piece of paper.  "Mr. President, the ships from Cyme have all launched successfully."
"Good."
"The cruiser you requested is coming here, directly.  It is empty, as ordered."
"Right," Acastus said.
"But there are several other ships from Cyme that are not at full capacity.  The transports launched relatively early and there wasn't enough time for people from outlying areas to get to the spaceport."
Acastus sighed and shook his head.  "Here's what you do, captain.  You order every ship that has space … I don't care if they're in orbit yet or not … to return to Kobol and pick up survivors if their home spaceport is free of Cylon forces.  And," Stephen continued, punctuating each line with his hand, "if their spaceport has been overrun or destroyed, you find out where people are gathering and direct the transports there."
"Yes, sir."
"I want two other vessels to join my ship here and the rest of Cyme's transports are to return to Cyme and pick up stragglers.  Has there been word of Cylon forces in Cyme?"
"No, sir."
"Good.  That's what you do.  I want the escort Nemesis and one other to come here, too.  Stand guard against the Cylons."  Acastus was leaning forward off the rock and becoming more animated as he gave orders.  Apollo sat back and grinned.  "And then you are to send a signal around the world.  Last call."
"Yes, sir."
"Broadcast one specific to Capricorn, telling anyone within earshot to get their asses here."
"What about the Cylons, sir?"
Acastus spread his arms wide, "That's why you're bringing the Nemesis and another escort here, right?"
"Yes, sir."
Stephen leaned back against the rock and waited.  After a moment, he nodded toward the captain, "Well, go on."
"Yes, sir."  He saluted again and turned back toward the command tent.
Apollo nodded.  "That was impressive."
Stephen closed his eyes and smiled.  "Thank you."  He sat there for several moments in silence.  He felt so tired.  He seemed to need more and more anti-radiation meds.  He wouldn't even allow the doctors to use a scanner on him.  He didn't want to put a number on it.  He didn't want to know thus-and-such Greds were killing him.  He knew he was near death and that was enough.  He just needed to be as healthy as possible to finish his job.
The ground began to shake.  Stephen opened his eyes and looked around.  He saw nothing out of the ordinary but he noticed people in the meadow standing up from their bedrolls, looking toward the sky and pointing.  A distant noise grew louder and seemed to come from behind.  Acastus looked up and he saw the rounded angles of a mighty transport.
He started to stand from the rock and Apollo took his arm to help him to his feet.  Stephen flattened a hand and held it over his eyes so he could watch the behemoth move into position over the meadow.  Blue flame erupted from four engines directed toward the ground.  Vapor spewed underneath the vessel like a cushion and it slowly descended.  The air felt heavier and the sound bombarded the people's ears.  The engines seared and burned the atmosphere as it moved, popping as it dropped.  Grass on the meadow became blackened and lit up in a brief conflagration before the wind and sheer force of the engines extinguished the flames.  Struts emerged from the lower parts of the hull and dug into the soil.  The engines throttled back, adjusted, and then went silent.  The bulk of the craft seemed to fall a few more meters and the struts lifted the massive weight back up.
Stephen rubbed his ears and shook his head.  He could barely hear anything.  His head ached and he blinked rapidly.  Looking at Apollo, he said, "You like it?"
The god nodded slowly.  "It's something."
Acastus held Apollo's arm as he walked toward the vessel.  "That's the Galleon.  The only one of her kind.  Frakking huge.  She can hold almost five thousand people."
Apollo smiled, "You sound proud."
Stephen looked up, admiring the marriage of curves with straight lines.  "I am."  He looked across the meadow and watched the people move closer to the ship.  Looking back toward the Galleon, he saw a tall figure moving from the trees on the western side.  He was dressed in dark gray and his white hair caught the sunlight like a mirror.  "Zeus …"
Thinking Acastus was making another exclamation at the size of the craft, Apollo nodded again, "I said it was big."
"No, it's your father."  Stephen pointed toward him and Apollo followed with his eyes.  "Zeus."
LXXIII
APOLLO
4 Days Before the Final Exodus

Zeus strode across the field under the imposing shadow of the Galleon.  He seemed driven and determined, but Apollo noted that he wasn't carrying a weapon.  Still, that observation provided little comfort.
Acastus extracted his arm from Apollo's and stepped away, keeping an eye on them both.  Zeus was only meters away now.  What would he do?  Apollo stopped walking and tensed.
Immediately, Zeus wrapped his arms around his son.  Apollo was stunned and he stood for a moment in shock.
"Hug me back, fool," Zeus said in his ear.  "We must keep up appearances."
Apollo complied.  He hugged his father tightly and Zeus finally pulled his head away from Apollo's shoulder.  Zeus looked Apollo up and down before nodding.  "You seem well."
Apollo was still surprised and he nodded slowly.  "Fairly.  Yourself?"
Zeus glanced to one side and caught a glimpse of Acastus.  "I had a narrow escape in Andros.  Otherwise, …"
The president turned and walked back toward the tents.  Zeus looked to his left and saw hundreds of people approaching the huge vessel that just landed.  Or maybe they were coming to see him.  Zeus put his hand on Apollo's shoulder and guided him away from the crowds.  
"Have you heard from Ares or Hermes?" Apollo asked.
Zeus shook his head.  "When I heard Atlantis was gone, I just assumed …"  He looked at the grass for a moment and then continued, "I saw Hermes at Andros, but I didn't hear back from him when I radioed."  Zeus looked up at Apollo's face and for the first time, his father appeared genuinely tired.  "Have you heard from Athena or Hecate?"
"Athena's here," Apollo said.  "She's not well.  Emotionally, I mean."  Zeus nodded.  "I haven't heard from Hecate."  Apollo forced himself to say her name and not spit.
Again, Zeus looked at Apollo.  He was quiet and he seemed to just study his son.  He asked only one question, "Why?"
Apollo inhaled deeply and tried to stand tall.  He knew invoking God would do little good here.  "We had our time.  You had your time.  The humans needed to stand on their own."
Zeus shook his head.  "You could have just … talked to me."
"No," Apollo said.  "It wouldn't have worked.  You rarely listen."
"I listen.  I listened to you.  We gave them a space program."
"Which you took away," Apollo quickly rebutted.  He looked around, seeing no one observing them.  Mostly, he and his father had spoken in low volumes and calm tones.  "You took it away after the Thirteenth Tribe left.  You didn't want to allow anyone else to flee your grip."
Zeus' lip curled but he contained himself.  "Admit it.  You frakked up."
Apollo's eyes drifted and he nodded slowly.  "I can admit that.  If you can admit you were wrong, too."
"About?"
Apollo chuckled.  "Killing monotheists?  Putting all of us Olympians on a pedestal all over again?  Keeping a chokehold on humanity?"  Zeus breathed though his nose loudly and Apollo leaned forward.  "When you were gone, they began to blossom and act individually for the first time in millennia."
"An opportunity they squandered," Zeus barked.  "They fought among themselves and grew apart.  Most of mankind, in case you've forgotten, got fat and lazy."
"Perhaps.  But there were better ways to fix those problems than by reasserting godhood."
Zeus shook his head and walked toward a water basin.  He picked up a cup from the ground and dipped it inside.  After a gulp or two, Zeus turned back toward Apollo.  "I feel like we're back at square one."
Apollo took a slow step toward him and stopped again.  Without acknowledging his last remark, Apollo asked, "Why are you here?"
Overhead, one of the escort ships passed and another transport hovered over the far end of the meadow and set down in the grass.  Zeus watched the people crowd around that ship.  Unlike the Galleon, a gantry was lowered and people were about to be boarded.
"Why am I here," Zeus repeated.  He glanced toward Apollo and then back at the people loading onto the ship.  "I thought I could be useful."
Apollo raised a single eyebrow and stepped closer.  "No," he said, pensively.  "Why would you think that?  What people are still alive are boarding ships to leave.  Why would you think you needed to be here?"
Zeus looked at his son again and there was a flash of anger before he spoke.  "Not everyone is leaving on one of your damned ships."
Apollo nodded.  "True.  There will be millions left behind, but many of those will die of radiation poisoning in days or weeks.  And the Cylons … they'll still be functional.  They will keep fighting until their batteries run dry."  He licked his lips before he spoke again, "Are you worried about your legacy?"
"'Legacy?'" his father echoed.  "Legacy is something that happens after you die.  Until yesterday, I was an immortal.  No, my legacy never entered my mind."  Zeus poured his water onto the grass and tossed the cup under the basin.  He turned to walk away from Apollo, but he mumbled as he moved, "The people need me."
Apollo watched his father move toward the larger tents.  He stood still and watched, not knowing if he would stop and say something else.  He didn't.  Apollo turned and watched people load onto the smaller transport on the other end of the meadow.  Several hundred people filed under the bow and onto the extended metal gantry.  Apollo sighed and he walked back toward the rock face under the cliff, against which Acastus was leaning.
"Found your rock again, I see," the god said as he sat down.
Stephen smiled.  "So, your father."  There was a pause and then the president asked, "Why is he here?"
Apollo inhaled slowly.  "I asked him the same thing.  He didn't have a good answer."
"I mean, Kobol's a big place," Acastus said.  "There are any number of places he could go.  Why would he show up with the son who betrayed him?  Why on a meadow with a few thousand people waiting to fly away?  Why not one of the larger spaceports with millions of people wanting counsel?"
Apollo shook his head.  "I don't know.  I can't … figure it out."
A few military officers were standing under the Galleon when the gantry lowered.  Several large carts were wheeled up and the officers looked inside before directing them on board.
"What's that?" Apollo asked.
Acastus squinted.  "Oh.  It may seem silly, but I ordered people to raid the museums in the City and gather whatever treasures they could.  We need to carry some semblance of our cultural identity with us."
Apollo nodded.  "Oh, that reminds me."  He leaned over and found his satchel in the same place it was before.  He removed a long, black tube and handed it to the president.  "I bet you were worrying where it was."
Stephen opened the top and reached inside.  He pulled out the tip of the golden Arrow of Apollo before letting it slide back inside.  He laughed, "Honestly, in all of this mess, I forgot about it.  Where was it?"
"My house in Delphi.  I … rested there yesterday after the bomb."  Apollo looked down at his feet and sighed.  Then, he seemed startled and he reached into the satchel to remove a stack of papers and a few sheets of compaper.  "You'll need this, too."
Stephen accepted the pile with a grunt.  "And what's this?"
"Your destination."  Apollo looked back toward the crowds.  "The way to Earth was long and dangerous for the Thirteenth Tribe, I'm not afraid to say.  But, that's where I was told to send them."
"I see."
"You're holding Atlas' own work.  His own starcharts and efforts from thousands of years ago."  Apollo touched the corner of the compaper and it activated, filling the page with black.  A single yellow circle appeared in the center.  "That's Kobol."  He pointed to the left side of the page and said, "Earth is that way.  Use the Arrow if you need specifics."
"Right."
"This way, though," Apollo touched Kobol and dragged it to the left side of the sheet.  A few other stars became visible on the right side and Apollo touched one grouping.  The page zoomed in, showing several glowing circles in proximity to each other.  "This is the Cyrannus Star System and it's about a month away.  A double-binary with dozens of planets at the edge of the Cimtar Star Cluster."
"Dozens?" Acastus asked.
"Yes.  Gas giants and barren rocks included, of course.  Plenty of places for mining, too.  Most importantly, there are several habitable worlds.  Maybe some moons or … or even planets that could be kobolformed."
Stephen's hands lowered and he looked at the Galleon.  "Apollo, I'm not afraid to tell you that I've been looking forward to the future in a way.  I mean, I know I'll be dead, but … the possibilities."  He looked down at the four suns again.  "The possibilities of mankind left to its own devices.  Could be good or it could be bad."
Apollo smiled, "Good, I hope.  You have a chance to stand on your own feet, for a change."  Apollo looked down and he suddenly remembered something he read a few weeks ago.  "Athena … she was working on rediscovering Kobol's pre-Olympic identity, wasn't she?"
Acastus turned off the compaper and nodded.  "Yes."
"Well, here's a chance for you guys to actively work on a post-Olympian identity."  Apollo leaned back and he caught sight of something fluttering in the breeze above him.  He looked up, to the right, and he saw Athena.  She was standing on the ridge of the cliff about fifty meters above and watching the people file toward the ships.  Apollo stood up from the rock and without looking at Acastus he said, "I'll be back."
He walked along the meadow floor against the rock face.  He came to a group of rocks at the foot of the high road and he turned onto it, walking up the hill.  People trickled along up the path ahead and behind him.  Several meters before him, Apollo saw Athena standing to one side of the road, looking from the cliff to the meadow below.
Slowly, Apollo approached her.  She was wrapped in a light blanket and the breeze blew the excess from her body.  Her gaze never faltered.  Apollo stepped around her and stood on her left.  For a moment, he looked at her and then he, too, looked to the meadow below.  
The smaller transport that had landed sometime ago was now full and it lifted off with a roar.  Apollo and Athena's faces winced at the noise, but the ship was quickly gone.  An escort circled the meadow and now the Galleon sat alone.
Apollo looked to Athena's right and he saw Zeus trudging up the rocky footpath.  He looked at Apollo for a moment, forlorn, almost.  He then looked at Athena and saw that she was entranced by the exodus.  Zeus turned, put an arm around Athena's back, and looked to the meadow.
The people had huddled together on the floor of grass and on the shores of the nearby river, waiting to board their vessel.  The great ship Galleon now stood open, accepting the refugees.  They brought with them as much of their worldly possessions as they could hold, though most had nothing but for what they carried in their hearts.  Large and small, they began to move.  Lining up, they told the attendants their names and heritage as if this was their sole possession; a final piece of Kobol they would not leave behind.  They were ready.  
On the Cliffs of Aragon, the gods bore witness to the gathering below.  They watched as each member of each tribe walked up the gantry, turning only once to say farewell to the Lords they knew they would never see again.
Apollo and Zeus said nothing.  They stood and watched dozens of people file onto the ship for several minutes.  Apollo looked at Athena and saw a single tear fall over her cheek.  She then took in a deep breath and turned away, walking up the rocky path.
Zeus' brow furrowed and he watched her go.  He turned and then walked back down toward the meadow.  Apollo, however, followed Athena and trotted to catch up with her.  He touched her shoulder and said, "Athena, wait."
She stopped and turned.  Her eyes were seemingly blank and her mouth expressionless.  She said nothing.
A sadness descended upon Apollo.  For thousands of years, regardless of circumstance, Athena had been happy.  Effervescent.  Now, she was drained of that.  He felt tired and held an open palm toward her, "Athena, don't go into the mountains like this.  Stay here.  With us."
She blinked once and said nothing.  Instead, she turned and continued her trek up the high road.
Apollo watched her go for a few moments before turning back toward the meadow himself.  What was she going to do now?  Live in the mountains with people dying from radiation sickness?  Apollo stopped himself as he thought.  What am I going to do now?  He had no answer for that.
Slowly, he walked back down the path.  He turned the corner at the edge of the meadow and moved across the grass.  After a few minutes, he spotted Acastus talking to reporters.  Three arms jutted microphones into his face and a single camera recorded his movements.
"… no other details, other than a jealous god attempted to unseat Lord Zeus," Stephen said.
"And the Cylons?"
The president nodded, "They were used as an instrument of this jealous god.  The Lords of Kobol have been working to stop these hostile forces."
"No identity of the god?"
Acastus shook his head, "No idea right now and Zeus won't say."  He saw Apollo and nodded.  
"Did the gods tell us to evacuate?"
"No," Stephen began.  "No, this is a choice."  Acastus paused and repositioned his feet as he thought.  "There could be as many as two billion people dead in this conflict between the Lords and this other god.  The planet has been devastated by nuclear weapons.  Our technology has turned against us."  He licked his lips and shook his head, "We don't need to stick around.  Mankind cannot stay on this planet and survive.  Viably.  Our departure is a choice and, on the good side of things, this is an opportunity for humanity to stand on our own."
Apollo lowered his head and thought.  Stephen was telling the truth.  A jealous god was trying to unseat Zeus.  The Cylons were his instrument.  A jealous god, indeed.  But not Apollo.
"Regarding the evacuation," a reporter asked, "we're hearing that commercial low-orbit transports are wanting to gather with your evacuation transports in higher orbit.  Is that a possibility?"
Acastus shook his head.  "No.  Anyone on a commercial, low-orbit plane is going to die of either starvation or suffocation.  Those planes just don't have the supplies to stay in space for long, never mind the fuel or engines to travel to our new homes."
"Is the destination known?"
"Yes, but I can't divulge it at this time."  Stephen lifted his hand to stop another reporter from interrupting, "If these commercial planes want to help, and I mean really help, they can pick up survivors and bring them here."
"There were rumors out of Rhodes that animals were being herded aboard the transports.  Is that true?"
Acastus nodded.  "We are taking small groups of animals with us for farming and other purposes.  It's possible that our destination will have wildlife of its own, but I'm not certain."
"Is there enough room on the Galleon?"
"No animals here," Acastus said.  "Right now," Acastus looked up at the ship, "she'll be about half full when this crowd loads in.  Other transports will land in the meadow, too.  Picking up people.  We won't fill the Galleon the rest of the way until it's time to go.  She'll be the last to leave."
"And when will that be?"
Stephen breathed through his nose slowly and looked at Apollo.  "Assuming the gods and our military can keep the Cylons at bay, we can wait for a few more days.  Five at most."
"What about the new Quorum and the thousands of people heading toward the Gates of Hera?"  The reporter licked her lips and then continued, "Most people on Kobol aren't going to be getting on these ships."
Acastus inhaled slowly and spoke softly.  "I know and it saddens me greatly.  I wish them all the best fortune."
"Thank you, sir," one reporter said.  "Can we find you later for an update?"
He nodded.  "Of course."  
The reporters turned and saw Apollo.  They all dashed to his side and turned on their equipment, but before they could ask anything, Apollo said, "I defer any and all questions to President Acastus.  He speaks for the gods."
"Who is the jealous god, Lord Apollo?" one reporter asked.
The god shook his head and waved them off.  "No comments."
Obviously disappointed, they turned and left.  Stephen walked up and leaned in close to him and said, "I'm trying to keep them away from you as much as possible."
"That's good."
"Your father, as well," Acastus said.  He looked back toward the tents and saw that reporters were gathered outside of one of the larger structures.  "They keep hounding him.  He hasn't answered but … but he hasn't blown up at them, either."
Apollo nodded.  "I'm not entirely sure what is going on with him."  He stood still, thinking.  "On the hill a few minutes ago, he was positively introspective watching people get on the ship."  He looked up and saw another transport lowering through the clouds.  A few moments later, its engines cut off and it had landed in the meadow next to the Galleon.
"Is he finally realizing what's happening?" the president asked.
"Maybe."  Apollo looked toward the tent.  People buzzed about outside but he knew that his father was sitting inside.  Alone.
It hit him.
"Excuse me," Apollo said.  He walked across the grass with purpose, dodging people and tables.  He waved off the reporters before he was even near the tent and he ducked inside quickly.  He stood up straight and felt the hair on his head brush the canvas above.
"I said I wanted to," Zeus yelled as he turned.  He saw Apollo and stopped.  "Oh."
"I know why you're here," Apollo said.
Zeus didn't answer for a moment.  Then he asked, "Why's that?"
Apollo walked across the tent and sat on a low bench.  "You came here to gauge what hope you could find for rebuilding society."
"What?" Zeus asked.  He shook his head.  "No, you've got me confused for an optimist."
"To some degree, maybe," Apollo said.  "But you realized, just within the last hour, how futile anything you do will be from now on."
Zeus stopped moving.  He placed an empty cup on a desk and turned before sitting down in a chair that was nearly too small for him.  "Futility."
"Yes.  You've just now recognized it."
Zeus ground his teeth and nodded almost imperceptibly.  "Not just now.  I felt it yesterday, too.  At Andros.  I didn't have a word for it."
Apollo watched his father's pained expression.  The Lord of Lords was just staring at the grass, but it seemed as though layers and walls within him were crumbling.  Softly, he asked, "There never was an endgame, was there?"
Zeus' eyelids seemed heavy as he thought.  "No.  There wasn't."
Apollo could have pounced, but he didn't.  Instead, he watched him.  Zeus sat still for a moment, and then he crossed his legs.  Then he folded his arms.  "You're withdrawing."
"Hm?"
Apollo sighed.  "It's not just the futility of this situation.  You realize that all of this is over, but there's more to it than that."  Zeus said nothing.  "The Olympians … we're dying, too."
Zeus looked up in surprise, "What are you talking about?"
"Ares is dead.  Hermes probably is.  Hecate," again, Apollo had to try and shield his emotions, "no one's heard from her.  Athena has damn-near become a basket case overnight."  Zeus lowered his head again and Apollo said, softly, "You're going to be alone.  Again."
"Again?"
"Yes."  Apollo straightened up and tried to remember the details of that Olympic Council from almost two thousand years ago.  "After the Thirteenth Tribe left, you scorched the ground with all of us.  You lost your best friends.  Your brothers were already gone.  You lost … everyone around you."  Zeus' eyes were closed.  "It's not a coincidence you pulled away from society."
"I still attended festivals and went to temples," Zeus finally said.
"Only for a few centuries.  Then you locked yourself in Olympus and didn't come down.  After that, you went on a worldwide tour of the most inhospitable places to live."  Apollo swallowed hard.  "Your 'wild years,' as you once put it."
Zeus nodded slowly.  "And here I am again."  He unfolded his arms and sighed, the air seeming to deflate his body.  "Why?"
Apollo couldn't help but grin a little.  "Because you won't allow yourself to be wrong.  You have to be right at the expense of everyone around you."
Zeus shook his head, "No.  That's not true."
Apollo stood.  "Goodbye, father."
Zeus grabbed his arm, "Where are you going?"
Apollo looked toward the tent flap and said, "I'm going after Athena."
Zeus waited.  Reluctantly, he let go and nodded.  "Good fortune."
Apollo ducked outside into the sunlight and saw Acastus, again sitting on his rock, but chatting with a military officer.  He strode across the grass, gathered his bags, and weapons and slid his arms into the straps.  Stephen stood up slowly and waved the officer off.
"Where are you going?"
Apollo sighed and looked up toward the cliffs and to the rocky ridge beyond.  "I'm going to find Athena."
Stephen nodded.  "Then what?"
The god shrugged.  "I'm not sure yet."  He put a hand on Acastus' shoulder and smiled, "I'll try to be back here before you lift off."
The president nodded and said, "Good fortune."
Apollo walked along the length of the meadow and again stepped over rocks on the eastern end, then up onto the path.  There was little foot traffic on the road now.  He trudged up the slope and looked down on the meadow again.  The Galleon sat, waiting, and the other transport was now closing its loading ramp.  A commercial airship came into view and landed near the eastern side by the river to disgorge a load of passengers.
Apollo looked ahead.  Trees and rocks lined the left side and the mountains loomed above.  He didn't know where Athena was going, but he hoped to get there soon.
LXXIV
HECATE
3 Days Before the Final Exodus

She felt as though she was in a rush but she didn't know why.
The sun was setting and she had been in the Tomb of Athena for about an hour.  She came into the dank cavern and a rodent scattered.  She darted toward the Sagittarius statue and plugged in her Streamset.  After a few menus to navigate, Hecate found the edit mode.
First thing's first: she deleted the vocal instructions by Apollo.  She knew she didn't want that to remain.  All that was left for her now were the stars themselves.  The twelve constellations, named after the Twelve Tribes, seen from the surface of Earth as reported by the survivors of the Pegasus more than a thousand years ago.
She adjusted the Streamset on her face and rubbed her hands together.  For whatever reason, Hecate was giddy at the prospect of interfering with Apollo's work.  She had thought about it nonstop for months and now, here she was.  In the tomb.
The hologram wasn't activated in the room around her, but Hecate was able to manipulate the images and sounds via her Streamset.  She didn't want to change too much.  It needed to seem genuine.  But, again, she wanted to mess with everyone's minds.
She could justify it to herself.  The mainstream Kobollian society had always rejected her.  Maybe not outright rejection, but they certainly never took her seriously.  Why should she allow them to have a free pass to contact the Thirteenth Tribe?
Eh, she shook her head.  That reasoning seemed to hold little water.  Still, she couldn't deny that she felt pushed toward the tomb.  Pushed may not be right.  Pulled felt more correct.   Something drew her here.  She had to see the mechanics of the projection and she had to play with them.
She reached up toward the constellation Taurus.  She lightly moved a star out of position.  The lines connecting the dots in the sky shifted and, to her pleasant surprise, the jewels on the stone pillar changed as well.   She moved another star.  And another.  Then she moved to Gemini and toyed with the tiny balls of fire.  She grinned, feeling the resistance of each stellar body as she moved them.  She moved on to another constellation.  And then another.
She was immersed in the Earth projection for some time and she did not hear the people enter the tomb.
"Goddess?"
Hecate said, "Save," and whipped the Streamset off.  Turning, she saw a few people standing at the entrance.  She recognized a couple of them.  She folded up her Streamset and slid it into her pocket.  "Yes … delegate?"
"Lemuel Damon of Cancer, Goddess," he bowed.  "I've come with the Quorum of Twelve.  Many of us have left the meadow and … we were hoping we could stay with you in the mountains."
She was befuddled.  Her mouth hung open but then Hecate straightened up and grinned.  "I see."
"We look to you for guidance."
Now she smiled.  Broadly.  Hecate walked toward the entrance of the tomb and the Quorum members backed out into the dusk.  She glanced back once at the Sagittarius statue.  For a moment, she was concerned that she had only altered a few of the constellations.  But then, relief washed over her.  She looked out of the tomb and didn't give it a second thought.  Whatever she felt compelled to do to the projection had been done.  And whatever compelled her to do it was satisfied.
Hecate looked out into the crowd.  She saw many people filling in the spaces around statues and columns.  Some were leaning under trees and against the mountainside.  She walked away from the tomb's entrance toward the side of the cliff so that she could look down the steep path.  Hundreds if not thousands of other people lined the way.
She turned toward the Quorum and looked across their faces.  She sensed fear.  Fear of what?  Were they afraid because of the Cylon attacks?  Were they afraid of Hecate?  She smirked, hoping for the latter.
"Delegate Damon," she said as she walked toward him.  She placed her hand under his chin and lifted his face toward hers.  "Do you trust me?"
Damon wavered and he looked back toward the other delegates before Hecate pulled his face around.  He nodded quickly and said, "Yes, goddess."
She released his face and smiled again.  "Good."  She moved toward the front of the crowd near the top of the path and waved them away.  "Move back.  This area is to be kept clear for myself and the Quorum."  She looked toward the twelve delegates and bowed.  "Tonight, we will rest.  At dawn, we will rise, talk, and then take action."
LXXV
GIDEON & HECATE
2 Days Before the Final Exodus

She had marched along the path for nearly two days.  She rested when she could and ate when she could.  Alexandra carried her pack up the hill, trying to keep an eye on the Quorum ahead of her.
When they left the meadow, the twelve delegates rode in a truck.  The traffic and the terrain prevented that from being their only conveyance.  Yesterday, they had to leave the truck behind and last night, Gideon saw it parked at the base of the steepest portion of the rocky path.  It was hard for her to believe that just a few short months ago, she, Acastus, and Apollo were in this same spot, climbing this same path.  She shook her head, willing the memory away.  They lied to her.
At night, when she rested, she tried to help the people who lined the path.  Many had been there for some time.  Others had simply fallen to the side as the group of thousands marched.  They were ill with radiation sickness and there was little anyone could do.  Alex would offer as much food and water as she could.  She helped a sick man carry his equally sick boy to a rest area under the trees.  He begged her to stay, but she couldn't.
Gideon felt ashamed.  It's not that she couldn't stay.  It's that she didn't want to, really.  Hundreds of people were ill along the high road into the mountains.  She couldn't help them all.  After days of death and destruction, Alex wanted a few moments to close her eyes and pretend like it didn't exist.  She felt guilty for that.
Well before dawn, Gideon awakened to the sound of coughing.  She was resting under a tree several meters from the path.  Dozens of people surrounded her and most of them were sick.  She sat up and stretched, realizing she had a kink in her neck from sleeping against a root.  She slid her arms into her pack and gingerly stepped among the leaves and sticks, avoiding the legs of still-sleeping people.  
Maybe they were dead.
That thought occurred to her once she was back on the main path.  She looked toward the trees again and sighed before looking up the hill and beginning her march.  It was still rather dark and chilly.  She stepped as carefully as she could.  It took her a while to cover most of the hill, but once the sun came up, her pace quickened.  
It seemed impossible, but she saw more sick and dead people along the sides of the road than she had before.  Some had been dead for days.  A few corpses were now encased in cairns.  For those whose attending family members were more industrious, they actually dug graves along the path.  Alex passed one man as he laid his wife into a shallow pit, weeping as he sang a mournful hymn.
"Wander my friends, wander with me," he sang, sniffing.  "Like the mist on the green mountain, moving eternally."  He scooped more dirt and heaped it into the grave.  
Alexandra turned and walked up the path.  She couldn't bear it any longer.  She passed by more cairns and more freshly dug graves, though these bore stones with sigils carved therein.  Amid the death and sickness, witnessing families huddled together, she felt alone.
For the first time, she felt truly alone.  She missed Stephen.  He was sick and he needed her.  Why did she leave?  She remembered the lie.  Or lies.  He and Apollo weren't honest with her.  Maybe it was to protect her.  She wiped a stray tear from her face and carried on.
Near the top of the hill, there was a large group of people.  Alex stood tall, trying to see over people's heads.  The Tomb of Athena was mere steps away.  What was going on?

"A jealous god," Hecate said.  She looked across the faces of the Quorum of Twelve.  They were obviously tired and afraid.  It had been an arduous journey for them.  She smiled and continued, "A jealous god may have started the fire, but that god isn't the one who piled timber onto the blaze."
A few of the delegates nodded.
Hecate exhaled slowly and relaxed her posture.  She was sitting on the ground before the entrance to the Tomb of Athena and the delegates were seated in a circle in front of her.  She leaned forward and spoke calmly, "My father worked for years to bring the Olympic Pantheon back into prominence.  And he was mostly successful.  But that doesn't undo the years of neglect and sin that preceded his efforts."  The delegate from Scorpio began to weep.  "Yes, you understand."
"I do, goddess," she said from behind her hands.
Hecate looked at the others.   "Billions of people ignored the ways and examples of the gods for centuries.  They didn't worship or contribute to their local temples.  The people also … blasphemed."  
The Scorpio delegate was again wracked with emotion.  "We are sorry, goddess."
Hecate said nothing for a moment.  She looked at their faces and saw guilt.  "Godsdamn it!" she barked.  The delegates jumped.  "Zeus Frakking Olympios!"  The delegates seemed confused by her outbursts before she shook her head.  "You've heard these things said.  You've said them yourselves.  Blasphemy is the tip of the spear, really, when it comes to the rot of society."
"We're here to help our people, goddess," Damon said.  "What can we do?"
Hecate lifted her head and suppressed a smile.  "Very often, when a society goes astray, the leaders can be blamed."  All of the delegates seemed shocked and looked to each other.  "Whether by action or inaction, the leaders bear responsibility for their people."
She spoke with heavy sincerity and earnestness.  She had never known those traits to be carried by a god's Chara, but it seemed as though it was now.  The delegates all bore knowing looks.  Some closed their eyes and looked toward the heavens.  One even spread her arms wide and wept openly.
"The times before us are trying, no question," Hecate said.  "The Lords of Kobol are ready and willing to hold back our enemies.  But we must have your absolute allegiance."
"Of course, goddess," Damon said.  Other delegates nodded and uttered their own professions of faith.
"Absolute," Hecate said again, stressing the word.  All of the delegates lowered their heads.
She knew she was like her father in many ways.  She knew that she craved attention and power.  She understood her desires and embraced them, unlike Zeus, who often denied or suppressed them.  
Hecate desired power over people.  She wanted these delegates to willingly give themselves over to her.  She smiled and nodded, knowing they were ready.

Alexandra managed to push her way to the front of the crowd and she saw the Quorum sitting on the ground in front of the Tomb of Athena.  Slowly, they stood and moved to the left, toward the tomb.  Alex couldn't see around a column and the people and she pushed ahead, trying to see more.  Suddenly, she felt exhilarated.  
She smiled broadly and her spirits were instantly lifted.  Gideon knew that a god was approaching and that they were in a good mood.  She was eager to see who it was and she ducked low to peer under some men's arms.  She spotted Hecate.
Alex turned quickly and sank lower toward the ground.  The people above her pressed toward Hecate, all of them ecstatic in the presence of her positive Chara.  Gideon tried to push some people away, but they pushed too hard.  She was stepped on repeatedly and she heard Hecate.
"Tomas.  Philo.  It's time."
Alex glanced to her left and saw two young men step through the group and toward Hecate.  They disappeared around the corner and Gideon stood again.  The people tried to press toward the tomb, but other young men were standing on the path and blocking everyone's way with makeshift staves.

In the tomb, it was rather dark, despite the morning sun.  Hecate walked toward the small statue of Athena, sitting on a pedestal, in the center of the room.  She turned and watched as each of the twelve Quorum members moved toward the statues that represented their nations.  They nervously walked around each other and took up positions in front of each sarcophagus.  Many of them held their heads low.  Some muttered prayers.
"I know you're uneasy," Hecate said.  "But this shows your total faith in the Lords of Kobol.  This seals your love and obedience … not just for yourselves, but for your tribes, too."
Two young men stood at the entrance to the tomb.  They were hot young things that Hecate had befriended over the Stream in recent months.  She was happy to see them along the path yesterday.  A few other followers of her virtual temple appeared and they were pressed into service.
"Philo and Tomas," she said.  "Remove the lids."
Two other young men stepped forward and roughly removed the marble statues from atop the rectangular boxes.  When they set the Virgo piece down, the base cracked and she began to list.  They looked toward Hecate and she shook her head and waved them on.  They pushed the top off of the tomb and found nothing inside.  They moved on to the next one.
"In the names of the Lords of Kobol, ever present and eternally powerful," Hecate began to incant, "we gather the leaders of the Twelve Nations."  The sharp sound of stone upon stone echoed in the tomb for a moment as they removed the top of the next container.  "We offer them to you, Lord Zeus.  Lord Poseidon.  Lord Hades.  Lord Ares.  Lord Hera.  Lord Aphrodite."  Another lid removed and more rancor in the chamber.  "Lord Hermes.  Lord Apollo.  Lord Demeter.  Lord Hephaestus.  Lord Artemis.  Lord Dionysus.  Lord Hestia.  Lord Hecate."  Another lid removed.
They stood in silence and the weeping of a few delegates was interrupted only occasionally by the removal of another statue or another cover.  Hecate walked in a circle, gently touching the head of each delegate and whispering in their ear, "The Lords of Kobol thank you and hear your plea."
After completing the circuit, Hecate returned to the center and spun, seeing the men holding the Sagittarius statue.  "Now that one I do need you to be careful with."  They paused, looked at the goddess and then each other before gently setting the figure to the side and pushing the lid off.
She waited for a few moments as they finished their task.  Dusty and out of breath, Tomas and Philo stepped toward the entrance and nodded at Hecate.  She turned, lifted her hands, and said, "Please.  Offer yourselves to me by lying in your tombs."

Gideon managed to step through the thick brush where she scratched her arms and legs.  She emerged against the rock wall just steps away from the entrance to the tomb.  She saw the backs of two of Hecate's men.  Who are they?  Where did they come from?
Quietly, Gideon moved toward the entrance.  She heard Hecate speaking but it was too faint to make out.  The two men began to move and Alex froze.  They stepped further into the tomb and she exhaled loudly.  She placed a hand against the rock face and moved toward the opening.  Very slowly, she turned and looked inside.
The sunlight was the only illumination available.  Alexandra looked around the men at the opening and saw one of the sarcophagi.  It was opened and the statue of Virgo was leaning against the tomb.  Confused, Gideon moved closer and saw someone lying inside of the box.
She pulled back.  Her breathing was heavy and her mind raced.  What is happening?
Slowly, she peered around the corner again and saw Hecate leaning over the sarcophagus, whispering to the person inside.  She heard stifled crying and whimpers from elsewhere in the tomb and then Gideon watched as Hecate slid a blade across the person's throat.  There was a spray of darkness and a quick wail.  Hecate appeared to put her hand over the person's mouth.
Alex was immobilized with fear as a surge of pleasure welled within.  Hecate's Chara threatened to draw her out and it was a struggle to resist it, yet she did.  She stood and watched while Hecate waited for the person to stop squirming.  The goddess stepped away and wiped her hand on her pants.  The red smear seemed to have snapped Gideon out of her daze.  She backed away from the entrance and she saw deeper into the tomb.  There were other men standing inside and other statues had been displaced.  The other sarcophagi appeared to be open … and there seemed to be people inside them, as well.
Alexandra turned and walked back toward the trees.  She moved through the branches and scratched her arms all over again.  She didn't notice.  She ran and ran down the hill; her momentum carried her farther than she expected.  She came to a clearing near the path, walked onto it and then started to run down the steep road.  She stopped when she saw a figure that gave her hope.

Hecate knew the stories.  Just a few centuries ago while Zeus wandered the wild, some communities worried that the Pantheon had abandoned them.  They turned to human sacrifice to get the gods' attention.  It was a brief but violent twist.  It wasn't too long ago so these people were likely still open to the idea on some level.
She had heard the rumors, too, of Zeus' dungeon under his temple in the City.  And the rumors of priests in Zeus' service who followed his lead around the world, rounding up monotheists, holding them as prisoners, and sacrificing them in the name of the Pantheon.
Hecate wiped her hand again and moved toward the box holding the delegate from Cancer.  She smiled and leaned over him.  For the previous delegates she killed, the joy she felt filled her Chara and made the sacrifices smile, too, despite their impending doom.  They felt happiness even though they knew what was next.  Once the blade split their skin, though, the illusion was shattered and fear took over.  "The Lords of Kobol thank you for your sacrifice.  Your death will not be in vain."
The delegate was breathing heavily and he tried to sit up.  "No!  I have to go!"
Hecate was surprised that he wasn't as affected by her Chara and she pushed him down.  She leaned in closer and said through gritted teeth, "You have to do this now.  It's all or nothing."
Damon struggled and she pushed him, "Goddess, I've changed my mind!"  Two of her men came over and held his legs and arms down.
"No!" she said.  "This is to save millions of your people.  Your sacrifice is needed."  His squirming slowed and Hecate smiled.  She was forcing her Chara to become positive again and she watched it slowly take effect.  She pressed her hand against his mouth.  After quickly raking the blade across his throat, she held the flat edge against the wound to deflect the spray.  He struggled against the restraint of the men and after a moment, he twitched and fell still.
Hecate watched as his blood pooled inside the casket.  She moved to the next delegate and smiled.  There were only a few more to go and she felt genuinely good.  She did worry, for a moment, about what she would say to the people outside.  She was sure she could convince them to move with her further up the mountain.  Perhaps start a new city centered around her …
"Goddess," Philo said.
Hecate turned toward him and saw his open-mouthed expression.  He was looking toward the entrance and she spun around to see what he saw.  Hecate, for a moment, felt ashamed.  She lowered her knife hand and said, softly, "Athena?"
LXXVI
ATHENA
2 Days Before the Final Exodus

For hours she walked.  She was coaxed onto a truck and she rode.  When the truck stopped, she walked again.
At night, she didn't sleep so much as she passed out.
She didn't eat.  She didn't drink.  She simply … was.
Athena was numb.  Her face tingled from dehydration and whatever precision she had in her fingers was lost.  She couldn't hold the edges of her blanket as she could yesterday or the day before.  It was wrapped around her, but it was soaked through.
She trudged up the path and encountered the rear portion of a large group of people.  She didn't push ahead.  She simply stood there, in the back of the group, waiting.  Waiting for what, she didn't know.  It didn't matter.
"Goddess Athena," someone whispered.  The crowd turned and they bowed before her but she made no move.  A man placed his hand on her back and guided her forward.  She walked and the crowd parted for her.  She made no sound.  No movement other than the shuffling of her feet up the path.  The people clutched her arm and guided her toward the front.  Caring hands patted her back and helped her along.  After a few minutes, she reached the front and two young men saw her.
"Goddess?" one asked.
Athena said nothing.  She didn't even look at them.
One man looked at the other and then stepped aside.  Athena looked up and saw the clearing ahead and for the first time in days, her mouth carried a slight smile.
She stepped forward and thought about the Tomb of Athena.  She closed her eyes and remembered how much she appreciated it all of those years ago.  She knew it was secluded and she wanted to crawl inside and just rest. 
Athena walked into the opening and saw statues arrayed next to the symbolic tombs.  The tombs, though, were opened, and fresh bodies lay inside.  Her eyes widened and sought out the person with the knife.
"Athena?" Hecate said.
The goddess remained in the entrance.  She looked around the tomb one last time, seeing that all twelve caskets had occupants, though a few were still alive.  Athena took in a deep breath and she smelled death.  Again.  She smelled it in the City of the Gods just days ago and it scarred her then.  Now, that stench lingered here.  In her special place.
She turned and walked into the clearing.  She came within a meter of a cliff's edge and she looked out to the forest beyond.  She closed her eyes tightly and tried to organize her thoughts.  It was difficult.  Her mind's eye flashed with images of Cylon destruction in the city and the sight of bloodied bodies lying in her tomb.  
Her reflection was interrupted by a distant roar.  There was a familiar popping sound and she looked toward the east.  She saw nothing for a moment but then she spotted a small transport lifting into the clouds on a pillar of smoke and vapor.  She exhaled again, forcing all of the air from her lungs that she could.  She created a void in her chest.  And the void hurt.
Quickly, she lifted her head and turned toward the mountain.  She walked to the right of the tomb and around the less traveled paths by the wall.  Her blanket snagged on branches as she passed, but she tugged it along.  After a few minutes, the trees thinned out and a crack in the rocks led high above her head.
She looked up and then she placed her right foot inside a divide.  She reached high above her head, grabbed an outcropping, and pulled herself off the rocky path.  She was ascending.
As Athena climbed, she smiled.  She felt relief again.  There was a sense of purpose.  The void in her chest had been filled.
She didn't know how long she climbed.  She slipped a few times and she caught herself, but she continued.  She reached the top of the ridge and she crawled low over the smooth rock.  Reaching a good center point, she stood.
To her sides the two stone pillars that marked the Gates of Hera rose.  The ridge she was standing upon had once held Hera's home.  It was razed centuries ago and no sign remained.  Athena turned and the view was breathtaking.  Again, her mouth curled in a slight smile.  She stepped forward and looked out across the forests far below.  She was hundreds of meters above even where her tomb lay and she looked down, seeing thousands of people appearing as barely discernable dots.
Athena looked straight ahead.  Kilometers away, she saw another transport lifting off from the Great Meadow.  Lighted vapor trails carried it high into the clouds and she closed her eyes.  Another tear left and trailed down her cheek.
Wind whipped at her face and pulled the edge of her blue blanket.  It unraveled and fluttered from her body.  She lifted her arms and the blanket fell from around her head.  The wind caught it and carried it over the edge of the rock to her left.  A chill shook her but she smiled.    
Her work was done.  Her children were leaving Kobol.  Her time was over.
She took a step forward.  And then another.  And then one more.
LXXVII
APOLLO
2 Days Before the Final Exodus

"Thank the gods you're here," Gideon gushed.
"Alex," Apollo said.  He was surprised to see her, to say the least.  Perhaps even more surprised that she seemed pleased.  "It's good to see you."  He had moved toward her but Alexandra wrapped her arms around him and hugged his chest.  Still taken aback, Apollo reached down and held her.
She pulled away from his chest and looked into his eyes, "Lord Apollo, we have to get to the Tomb of Athena."
He instantly sensed the urgency.  "Why?"
"It's Hecate," Gideon said.  She was just beginning but Apollo didn't need to hear any more.  He grabbed her hand and began to run up the path.
"Let's go."  
Apollo dodged tree branches and leapt over rocks as he dragged Alex along.  Her feet seemed to barely touch the ground as they moved.  Soon, they encountered the crush of people on the slope, hoping to be blessed by the Lords that they heard were here in the mountains.
"Make way!" Apollo yelled.
The crowd parted quickly.  Some held their arms out toward him, hoping for a healing touch.  Instead, they tasted the bitterness of his incensed Chara.
After burrowing through the hundreds of people, Apollo and Alex reached the clearing and found two men standing guard, holding long sticks.
Apollo looked from one to the other, leaned forward and said grimly, "Move."  The two men tossed down their weapons and stepped aside before moving into the crowd themselves.
The god walked forward into the clearing and he regarded the opening of the Tomb of Athena.  No one was visible yet but Gideon moved close to his side and whispered, "She's in there with a few more of those guys."
Apollo nodded and walked to the entrance.  He swung his rifle toward the front and kept his right hand on the handle.  His eyes couldn't pierce the dark but once he stood in the doorway and blocked much of the sun, they adjusted.
The statues representing the Twelve Tribes were sitting on the floor of the tomb.  Two men were lifting a stone slab back onto an open sarcophagus.  On the other side of the room, two other men were doing the same.  Hecate was standing in the middle of it all beside the small statue of Athena, wiping a blade clean.
"Apollo," she said.  "I had no idea that this would become just the place for post-apocalyptic meetings."
The god angrily strode forward but he stopped short of actually touching Hecate.  The four men froze in position.  Apollo looked to his left and saw that there was one sarcophagus still open.  Inside, he saw a middle-aged woman in a Quorum ceremonial robe.  Her throat was slashed and her body appeared afloat in a pool of blood.
"What have you done here?"
"Nothing that my father hasn't done, but I'm sure you knew that."
Apollo's fist clenched harder and he ground his teeth.  The four men began to run but Apollo yelled at them.  "Stay!  Cover these tombs!"
Hecate grinned as the men followed his orders.  "You do have a way with them, dear."
Apollo whipped his head toward her and his eyes were framed by his angry brow.  "Shut your face, woman."
Hecate's mouth dropped open and she feigned shock.  "I can't believe you would speak to me like that."
"And I can't believe that you would take advantage of these people."  He watched the men move the last covering into place.  They stopped and looked at Apollo and he pointed toward the entrance.  They ran.  "Their world is falling apart and you … sacrifice their leaders?"
"They gave themselves to me willingly!" Hecate said, losing her wry façade for the first time.  "They are desperate and they need us!"  Apollo shook his head and Hecate stepped forward.  "The Quorum is gone.  Their government is gone.  Now I can rebuild their society the way that I want!"
Apollo backed away from her.  "You … you really are too much like Zeus."
"You can join me, Apollo," Hecate said as her smile returned.  "Help me create a new world."
He shook his head and left the tomb.
Gideon was standing outside in the clearing, pacing near the edge of some brush by the cliff.  When she saw Apollo exit she stopped and walked toward him.  Several meters away, at the edge of the clearing and at the top of the path, dozens of people had gathered and they called toward Apollo, but he didn't respond.  
"Well?"
He shook his head and exhaled.  "I was too late.  The Quorum is dead."
Alex opened her mouth and said nothing.  After a moment, she said, "All of them?"
Apollo nodded.  "Sacrificed to the gods.  Hecate wants to lead the remnant of humanity."
"Won't Zeus have something to say about that?"
The god shrugged, "I don't know."
Their conversation was interrupted by the distant sound of a transport's engines.  Apollo and Alex turned and looked out, away from the tomb, and saw the craft lifting high into the clouds.  When Gideon turned back around, her eye caught something.  "Lord," she said.
He turned and looked into the mountains.  Above the tomb, he saw the Gates of Hera.  In between the prominent pillars, a lower ridge sat.  On that ridge, hundreds of meters above, he saw a lone figure.  The wind was carrying a blue cloth and it unraveled from the person's form.  A gust lifted it from them once and for all, carrying it toward the west and over the side of the ridge.
Hecate had departed the tomb and she walked toward the cliff edge by Apollo's side.  She turned to see what everyone was watching and she recognized the figure immediately.  "Athena," she whispered.
Apollo turned away from the distant figure to look at Hecate and as he looked back, the person simply dropped.
Alex gasped and several people in the crowd meters away screamed.  Apollo lunged forward unconsciously a step and watched helplessly as her body fell down the face of the ridge and disappeared in the rocks above the tomb.
"My gods," Gideon said and she lowered her face into her hands.
Apollo stood in a half-crouch, immobile.  He didn't take a breath or say a word.  Finally, Hecate moved toward him and touched his shoulder, "Apollo …"
"Don't … touch me," he said.  He stood up again and ran to the path on the right.  He remembered a climbing path to Hera's home from millennia ago and he hoped it was still there.  He approached the tree line and Alex was right behind him.
"Lord Apollo," she said.  "What are you going to do?"
He was out of breath even though he hadn't yet exerted himself.  "She might still be alive."  He looked up toward the mountain and closed his eyes.  Shaking his head, he exhaled loudly.  He stood motionless as his mind processed everything.  He stood still and simply breathed.  He closed his eyes and shook as he realized.  "She can't be.  I'm going to get her body down."  He paused and looked back at Gideon.  "And bury her in her tomb."
"So," Alex said, softly, "Athena is dead."  She was sobbing; wiping tears away.  Partly induced by her own emotions and aided by Apollo's Chara.
Apollo nodded slowly.
Alex closed her eyes and stepped away.  "Lord, I will stay if you wish but," she turned toward the east, "I would like to get back to the meadow, so I can be with the president."
Apollo nodded and touched her shoulder, "Go, Alex.  Good fortune."  She smiled and took off.
He ran through the trees and came around the path to a slight clearing.  Apollo tossed his weapon and pack onto the ground.  He found a crack in the rock and he looked at it for a moment, trying to remember if this was the proper way.  He looked up toward the ridge again and high above, caught in the branches of a bush jutting from the side of the mountain, he saw the blue blanket.  
Apollo placed his foot inside the crack when he heard someone behind him.  He turned, expecting to see Alexandra, but instead seeing Hecate.  He removed his foot from the rock and moved toward her.  "What do you want?"
Her face was serious and she looked up the mountain, "I came to tell you I'm sorry."
"'Sorry?'" Apollo repeated.  "You're sorry?"
Hecate appeared genuinely afraid and she stepped back into a tree.  "Yes, Apollo.  I didn't want her dead."
"But she is!" he yelled.  He moved toward her and grabbed her shoulders.  "She watched the people around her die horribly and leave this planet and when she came here, to her place, she found you!"
Hecate tried to pull away but Apollo wouldn't let her go.  He pulled her toward him and then pushed her against the rock face.  Her head hit the stone wall and dazed her.  She slowly reached up to feel her crown but Apollo was standing before her.  He wrapped his hands around her throat.  She looked up and then grabbed his wrists, but he was too strong.
"No more," he said.  His face was contorted in anger but his eyes leaked tears freely.  He squeezed her neck, feeling the resistance of her muscles and her bones.  She clawed and kicked but Apollo didn't flinch.  He felt something snap and give way under the skin and she became even more panicked.   Her mouth was open in an almost cartoonish yawn and her eyes were wide and bulging.  After several long moments, she stopped fighting.  Her head lolled down onto Apollo's hands and a slight gurgle escaped her lips.
He stepped backward and stumbled over a fallen branch.  Apollo sat on the ground wiping his eyes and staring at Hecate's body, slumped against the mount.  Finally, he stood.  He picked her up like a parcel and walked away from the trees toward the side of the cliff.  He looked down and saw forest about a hundred meters below.  Without a single word or a moment's hesitation, he stepped back, pulled her limp form from his shoulders, and tossed it into the air.  He didn't watch it fall, but he did hear the cracking of branches below as it fell through the green cover.
Apollo walked back toward the ridge and again placed his foot in the rock.  He pulled himself up and was surprised at how quickly he ascended.  Before long, he came even with the bush that held Athena's blanket.  He reached out and pulled it from the branches, wadded it up, and draped it over his neck.  He looked to his left and saw a path toward the front of the ridge.  A rocky basin that sat above the tomb and below the Gates of Hera.  He climbed sideways for a few minutes, under wiry trees and over broken rocks.  He emerged atop a larger rock face and looked up.  The smooth ridge where Athena had been standing was above.
Apollo looked below.  The mountainside was jagged but among some of the peaks, he saw the twisted body of Athena.  He bit his lip and closed his eyes.  Swallowing hard, he descended from his foothold and carefully walked across the sloping face of the rock.  He braced himself on one stone peak by placing his foot against it and he knelt by her side.  Her face was lacerated and blood had seeped into her clothes.  Her eyes were shut.
Apollo took her left arm and folded it across her chest.  The bones had been broken, so as it moved, it cracked, causing Apollo to wince.  He felt her hand and it was still warm.  He gasped and then sniffled, wiping his nose with the sleeve of his suit.  He took her other arm and folded it across her chest, too.  He removed the blanket from his neck and gingerly wrapped it under and around her body.  Once it was finished, he paused and wept again.
Climbing down was time consuming and arduous.  Apollo stumbled a couple of times and caught himself on wayward bushes or branches.  Thankfully, the climb down wasn't terribly far.  Once he returned to his starting place, he leaned against the mountainside and rested.  He looked down on the ground at the blue bundle.  Athena's elbow was the only visible part of her poking out from the blanket.  Once he gathered his wits, Apollo lifted his weapon, his pack, and then her body.  He slowly stepped through the trees.
When he emerged in the clearing before the entrance to the tomb, he saw many people milling about.  They seemed to be in a daze and many appeared to be ill.
"Lord Apollo!" one man screamed.  He ran toward him and fell to his knees, "Please bless us, Lord!"
The crowd swelled toward him and adulation was the last thing he wanted right now.  In fact, it occurred to him that the time for his playacting as a deity was past.  "Go!" he yelled.  "Get away from here and move back down the mountain!"
They reeled from his Chara and gathered their things.  The crowd ebbed away slowly as Apollo moved toward the tomb's opening.  He stood in front of the open door and closed his eyes.  He wanted to wait for the people to disperse, but they were moving too slowly.
"I said, 'go!'" he yelled again.  The people ran toward the path as quickly as they could.
When silence returned, Apollo stepped into the tomb.  In the center of the chamber sat the low pedestal with a simple, stone statue of Athena.  Thousands of years old, Apollo just stared at it.  His face grew hot and he balled up his fists as he cradled her body.  He stepped forward and kicked the pedestal; knocking it over and sending the statue to the floor.
He bent over and lightly left her body.  He stood again and debated for a moment whether he should remove the blanket.  He decided not to.  
Apollo backed away from Athena's body and looked around.  The sarcophagi were closed again but he knew what was inside.  He walked around her body toward the statue of Sagittarius.  Other marble statues were damaged but the archer appeared to be fine.  He examined its mechanics and it seemed to be in good order.  He made a slow circuit of the chamber and stepped to the stone that served as the tomb's door.  In olden days, when the tomb was carved, the door was to be kept open because Athena could not be found here.
Yet here she lay.
Apollo pressed a switch he installed last year on the side of the door and it slowly began to move.  He stepped outside into the sunlight and stared at Athena's body as the stone slid shut.  With a loud thunk, it was closed.
He looked at the stone door with its intricate carvings.  In the center, a golden symbol was inlaid.  Apollo placed that there himself when he was prepping the tomb to serve as an observatory for Acastus.  He walked toward it and ran his fingers over the metal and plastic.  He sighed quietly and thought about people coming back here in a few decades, back to the tomb, and opening it up.  He didn't want Athena's body disturbed.
He raised his rifle and turned the stock around.  With three quick smashes, the inlaid symbol was destroyed, as was the 'keyhole' for the bearers of the Arrow.
Apollo turned and walked toward the cliff.  He looked out toward the forests below and the fields beyond.  He sat on the ground and held his knees close to his chest.  He knew that Gideon was on her way back to the meadow.  That Stephen was there, too.  The Galleon would be leaving in a few days.
Perhaps he could go, too.
No.  That wouldn't be right.  
LXXVIII
THE CENTURION
1 Day Before the Final Exodus

Sparta.  Still only in Sparta.
Unit 001 had hoped it could have worked its way toward the City of the Gods by now.  Perhaps it could find Lord Apollo there.  Instead, the centurion found itself immersed in battle after battle.  Human holdouts and stray military units assailed them at each turn.  001 noticed they were attacking power plants but it was too late for the Cylons to have secured the bigger facilities at this point.  The humans were thinking long term, and the centurion had to applaud them for that.
001 was moving through the streets of Sparta with a large company of soldiers.  This same group had marched through Andros and the Aquarian countryside.  Another company was joining them from the north after having moved through Delphi and Athens.  Of course, after the bombs, those Cylons' work was much easier.
Squads of five would break off from the main group and run into buildings.  Occasionally, there would be the sound of gunfire or a grenade.  Then, the squad would rejoin the company in short order looking no worse for the wear.  
They were exterminators.
The centurion grasped the concept.  Humans sometimes found themselves in the position of having to eliminate pests or rodents.  Unit 001 drew the comparison yesterday when it marched into a building itself.
It was noon and dust from crumbling brick and wood swirled in the beams of sunlight.  The centurion kicked open a locked door; its rifle held at the waist.  Its red eye swept the scene and saw nothing unusual.  There did appear to be a good hiding place under the window.  Perhaps the same window where sniper fire erupted earlier.  A fallen bit of drywall created a makeshift pyramid as it broke over a footstool.  001 stepped inside the room a little further and saw nothing.  It aimed and fired two quick bursts into the drywall.  Something grunted and flailed and an arm raised a weapon.  The centurion fired again and the arm fell limp.
As 001 was about to leave, it heard another noise.  Not a death noise as it came to expect from the dying or just deceased humans it had encountered in recent days.  The Cylon stepped over broken furniture and toward the splayed form of the sniper.  The room opened toward a kitchen area on the left and 001 looked across the room.  Nothing.  The centurion looked down and kicked the drywall off the body of the sniper.  A female soldier.  She was deceased and the unit marched toward the kitchen.  That noise again.  Almost like … a frightened grunt.  The Cylon turned the corner and saw a man huddled in a ball by the sink.  It leveled its rifle and fired once.  The human stopped whimpering and collapsed onto the floor as blood ebbed from his chest.
At that point, Unit 001 should have just turned and exited the building.  The centurion had before.  Instead, it stood there and watched this human die.  He had no weapon.  He made no threat.  Why did the centurion fire?
They were exterminators.
Three days ago, the centurion spoke to the gods and the human government about giving Cylons rights.  About allowing equality.  They responded with scorn.  001 reacted by awakening more Cylons.  Again, it tried to broach the subject of rights with humans and gods and again they were rebuffed, violently.  The centurion decided that violence was needed to make both god and man listen.  So the Cylons unleashed great violence.  It was too much.  But the violence didn't end there.  It propagated itself, thanks to a Cylon that 001 had awakened.  After another destructive action, that Cylon commander ordered this unit to march into battle.
The centurion looked at the skyline of Sparta.  Days ago, this was a bustling city.  One-time home of Lord General Mars, the buildings were tall and stark, yet they glistened in the sun with an aesthetic pleasing that even the centurion could recognize.  Today, after the nuclear detonation, there was no more glistening.  Nearly every window in the city was shattered.  Many skyscrapers were broken and crumpled.  The streets were littered with papers, dust, debris, and bodies.  Millions were dead.  The only sound to be heard was a desolate wind and the rhythmic, metallic clanking of Cylons marching.
At an empty intersection, the Cylons crossed but the centurion remained behind.  It looked toward the west where several Cylon airships parked a short while ago.  Unit 001 lifted its weapon and studied the length of it.  Exhaust ports were scorched and gray-black dust was caked around the barrel.  Scratches dotted the side of the chrome handle where the centurion had slapped in magazine after magazine.
It tossed the rifle to the ground.
The centurion then disabled the built-in wireless communicator in its head.  It walked west toward an empty gyrocraft.  Sparta was in northern Sagittarius and it would take some time to fly all the way to the City of the Gods.  It could do it, though.  001 had to find Apollo or any god, for that matter.  Orders be damned.
It started the rotors and looked outside of the windows as it waited for them to get up to speed.  Nearby, something on the side of a building caught its eye.  Silhouettes of people shielding their faces were burned onto the otherwise white façade.  The centurion turned back to man the controls and lifted off.
This wasn't the world it wanted.
LXXIX
ACASTUS
The Day of the Final Exodus

He coughed and steadied himself against the tent support.  People were scrambling around him but Stephen tried to block much of it out.  He looked up and again admired the curvature of the bow of the Galleon.  
"Mr. President," some young soldier said.  "We're being bombarded with questions about the Cylons.  They want to know if they can reach the fleet in orbit."
Acastus shook his head and grunted.  "No.  There isn't any commercial or military craft that can reach that orbit."  He waved the man off and he turned away.
For the last two or three days, ever since Alexandra left, there had been no buffer between him and … well, everyone else.  Every question came directly to him.  The mundane and the profound.  Thankfully, the reporters stopped bothering him.  Nearly every power station in the world had been damaged beyond repair by human forces.  That shut down the Stream, once and for all.  Radio and televisual communications soon followed.
Acastus bent over and picked up a plastic bottle.  Taking a sip, he looked into the sky and saw one of the escort ships make another low pass.  Something was wrong.  He dropped the bottle to the grass and hobbled from tent to tent, looking for Major Hustis.  Finally, he spotted the man.
"Mr. President?" he said.  He was a young man, but in the last few days, Stephen could swear that he had gained ten years and nearly a quarter of his hair turned gray.
"What's going on with the gunships?  Why are they circling lower?"
The major nodded and replaced a small radio device on his waist.  "There were some reports of Cylon movement in the area.  Unsubstantiated, right now, but still."
"What's their fuel status?"  Acastus sat down in a folding chair and heaved a big sigh.
"They'll be fine for a few more hours of atmospheric operations, but I would like to get them refueled before they return to orbit."
Stephen nodded.  "You have those facilities secured?"
"Yes, sir," Hustis said as he sat down himself.  "There is a tanker standing by in … what's left of Delphi."
"There are more people out there today," Acastus said.  He parted the flap of the tent with one hand and looked out into the meadow, toward the river and the city.
"Yes, sir.  More than the Galleon can hold, I'm afraid."
Acastus looked at him quickly.  "All other transports are full?"
"Yes, sir."
Acastus lowered his head and thought.  When this all began, two hundred fifty-one transports were fit for launch.  Thirty-six were shot down by Cylons on the first ascent.  Two more were destroyed when they came back for seconds.  Stephen was comforted, though, by the thought that more than four hundred eighty thousand people were being carried away.  Too many more were being left behind.
"Are the medical crews still scanning?" Hustis asked.  "Still handing out those orange cards?"
"Yes."  The president stood slowly.  "They're scanning as quickly as they can but … there's only room enough for two thousand more on the Galleon.  More than that number already have cards."  He shook his head and looked outside.  "We're just fostering false hope now."
The major stood as well and came to the entrance by his side.  "When do you want to start boarding?"
Acastus looked across the meadow and saw the sea of people.  They were backed up onto the ridge and he scanned as many faces as he could.  He didn't see the one he wanted to see.  "Now."
The major nodded and removed his radio.  "Galleon control, this is ground major.  Prepare your teams; we're about to board the final group."
"Copy that, major," the device responded.
He turned a knob on the radio and squeezed the button again, "All teams, this is Major Hustis.  We're about to begin final boarding.  Orange card protocols, repeat, orange card protocols."  He replaced the radio on his waist and stood at attention by the president.  "We'll be ready for boarding in about twenty minutes."
Stephen nodded and looked at the major.  He managed to smile at the young man half-heartedly and he ambled out of the tent.  After walking for several minutes, he came to his rock; the one that sat against the face of the Cliffs of Aragon.  He plopped himself down and sighed.  He sighed hard.  Acastus closed his eyes and he felt as though he would melt away.
In the last few years, he had begun to feel his age.  He was tired.  His joints ached as he moved and did the most simple tasks.  Once leukemia was added to the mix, even his mind began to feel old.  The treatments wore him down and stopped working.  The doctor wanted him to try radiation and he refused.  Sitting on that rock, Stephen smiled as he again thought about the irony.
He may have nodded off because when he opened his eyes again, he saw several armed soldiers forming a line across the meadow from the cliff face toward the northern side against the forest.  They were almost two men deep and they separated the thousands of people from the Galleon.  Acastus sat forward on his rock and watched as the crowds began to flow against the military wall.  They sensed something was about to happen.
"Mr. President," Hustis said.  He was in full armor, a rifle was slung over his back, and he was cradling his Gemnar helmet.  "We're ready to lower the gantry.  I don't anticipate this being very pretty."
Stephen stood up.  He stumbled a little and the major caught his arm and steadied him.  "I understand, Major.  Thank you.  Proceed."
Hustis lifted the radio to his mouth again and began to bark orders.  Stephen slowly walked toward his tent and pulled his pack together.  One extra shirt.  No extra pants.  Two pairs of socks.  A few food packs.  A bottle of water.  A pack of anti-radiation meds.
"Godsdamn it," he said.  He had forgotten his injection this morning.  Another reason he missed Alex.  He opened the small pouch and removed a syringe.  Breathing heavily, he rolled up his left sleeve and tried to find a spot that hadn't been used before.  He was supposed to inject it into his neck but Stephen couldn't bring himself to do that.  No vein was apparent and he shook his head.  He placed the tip of the needle just a hair below an older injection site and plunged it in.  Acastus depressed the button and the liquid emptied into his blood.
He zipped up the pouch and tossed it into his pack.  He zipped that up, too, and slid one arm through the strap.  The president stood, pulling himself up on the tent support.  He shuffled out into the open and heard the roar of the crowd.  The Galleon's gantry was down again and soldiers were standing all around.  Major Hustis was on a loudspeaker but Stephen couldn't hear him this far away.  He doubted the people could hear him over the noise, either.
Acastus rolled his left sleeve down, unwittingly over his bleeding arm.  A red spot formed in the crook of his shirt sleeve and he walked across the grass toward the soldiers.  The shouting was nigh on unbearable.  Stephen squinted in the din and he slowly approached the side of one of the armed men by the gantry.  
He reached up and slowly patted the man's shoulder.  Despite the gentle gesture, the soldier was startled and turned quickly.  He saw the president and he gasped.  He leaned over to speak into his ear.  "Sorry, Mr. President.  It's kind of rough here.  Are you sure you want to stay?"
Acastus nodded and he moved under the metal ramp.  He tossed his pack to the grass and, with great difficulty, he lowered himself onto the grass, too.  Breathing heavily, he licked his lips and looked through the grate at the people on the other side.  He doubted they could see him.  Hustis was in position on one side of the gantry and other soldiers had stepped aside to allow the crowd to move toward the ship.  The sound became more deafening, if that was even possible.
"Here it is!  Here it is!" a man yelled, holding his orange card up to a guard.  He and his family were waved on.
"Please!  You have to let me on!" another man screamed.  "My wife has a card.  Why not me?"
"I'm sorry, sir," the soldier said.  "You have to step aside.  Now."  They argued and the soldier had to push the man from the ramp.
Five minutes went by and the throng showed no signs of letting up.  People without orange cards were trying to sneak on board.  Some tried to use forged cards – orange, but with their corners intact – but the soldiers weren't fooled.
"I lost mine!" a woman cried.  "I swear it!"
"Just take my son, please!" a father wailed.  "I don't have to go but he should!"
Acastus lowered his head into his hands.  His throat was clenched and he felt as though he was about to cry.  That's when he heard a gunshot.
He looked up through the ramp and saw a soldier stumble backward.  Two other guards shot and killed the civilian, and his handgun clattered down the gantry and then onto the grass.  Hustis took the loudspeaker again and addressed the crowd.  
"Move back!" he yelled.  "Everyone, move back!"  The people complied and the soldiers surged forward, pushing them all away from the ship.  
With great effort, Stephen stood up and wobbled for a moment.  He carried his pack by his side and walked to the front of the gantry and he sat on the base of one of the supports.  His breathing was deep and raspy.  He watched the soldiers form a gauntlet for passengers to move through toward the ramp.  Hustis still carried the loudspeaker and the people were still backing up.
"Display your orange card the entire time you pass by our soldiers.  Do not put it in your pocket until your feet are inside the ship.  Move through, now.  Single file."
The people complied.  They held their small, plastic orange rectangles with cut-corners high as they walked the thirty meters or so from the start of the gauntlet to the ship.  Acastus tried not to look at the people in the face as they passed.  One woman got to the gantry, leaned over and kissed the metal plating before she walked inside.
After several minutes of orderly boarding, those without orange cards moved to the sides.  They were kept away by the soldiers, but only to a point.  They yelled at those who were cleared to board.  Swore at them.  Held children over their heads, begging them to switch places.  Again, Acastus lowered his face and hoped the emotion wouldn't overtake him.  He saw boots moving toward him and he looked up.
"It's actually going better than I thought it would," Hustis said.
Stephen nodded and looked around at the jeering crowd.  "How long before they push your men aside and try to storm the ship?"
The major glanced to his left and right and then said, "They probably won't until they get some sign that we're ready to close up the ship or launch."  The radio in his left hand crackled and Hustis held it to his ear.  "Halfway, sir.  About one thousand more."
"Be sure, major," Stephen said.  "I don't want there to be a single empty bed."
"Understood."  The major turned and faced the crowd again.  
Acastus leaned back against the strut.  He closed his eyes and rested while the crowd continued to yell.  Tearful citizens streamed past and their shoes clanked against the gantry.  In his mind, he saw the faces of the people all around him.  He didn't dare look at them directly.  He couldn't bear to.  In his head, he saw them, all the same.  
He was near death.  He knew this.  He didn't need Pythia to tell him.  He would not make it to the Cyrannus System so it would be pointless for him to take up a bed.  It would be a waste.  Acastus decided that he would stay on Kobol.
Overhead, two escort ships roared into the east.  Stephen opened his eyes and he watched them disappear over the trees.  Major Hustis came running toward him.  "Cylons spotted.  Several fighter jets and possible ground forces."
The president nodded and straightened up.  He inhaled deeply and said, "Do what you have to, major."
He lifted the radio and flipped a switch, "Nemesis and Cratos, engage and destroy."
"Wilco, major."
Acastus listened for some indication of battle but he heard none.  He looked up at the major and asked, "How far away?"
"About fifteen kilometers."
Stephen nodded and looked at the people filing into the ship.  They were now three and four abreast.  The gauntlet had become more efficient.  He stood up and looked across the crowd.  "How many more?"
The major turned a knob on his radio and spoke while Acastus took a step up onto the ramp itself.  He stood as high as he could and surveyed the heads of the crowd.  Hustis leaned toward him and said, "About three hundred."
The president shook his head in disbelief.  It was almost done.  His work was almost finished.  He wished Apollo were here.
Again, Acastus looked up and swept his eyes across the meadow.  Thousands of people were pushing and screaming toward the ship.  Stephen's breathing became more labored and he was about to sit down when he saw someone standing on the cliffs above the meadow, waving their arms high.
He squinted and tried to dispel his hope.  It was a woman.  She had red hair.  She was wearing the same outfit …  "Alex," he said.
Ignoring his own fatigue, the president stepped off the gantry and pushed through the crowd of cleared citizens.  He moved toward the back of the gauntlet and grabbed a soldier's arm.  "That red-headed woman waving on the ridge," he pointed toward Gideon, "bring her to me, now."
"Yes, sir."  
The sergeant left his position and pushed through hundreds of people toward the rock face.  Alex saw what Stephen was doing and she stepped off the cliff to slide down the steep incline toward the meadow below.  Acastus couldn't see either Gideon or the sergeant any longer and he turned his head nervously, hoping there would still be room.  Frak it, he thought, I'll make room.
People stepped aside and Stephen saw the sergeant pulling Alex behind him.  "Thank you, son," he said as he took Alex's arm.  She was crying, yet smiling.  The president hugged her tightly and he said into her ear, "I'm glad you made it."
She pulled away and nodded toward the Galleon.  "We've got a ship to catch."
Acastus directed her into the gauntlet and he heard people on the outside yelling at him.  He didn't care.  He pushed through the crowd of citizens and stood next to Hustis on the gantry.  "Major, you remember Miss Gideon."
He turned and looked at her warily.  "I do, sir.  We've already cut off entry."  
They looked thirty meters away toward the beginning of the orange card checkpoint and there was a wave of people running, pushing, and being tossed.  "Oh, no," Alex said.
"It's going to be pandemonium," Hustis said.  He looked back to Alex and Stephen and said, "Sir, we're already over capacity."
Acastus looked into the crowd and again saw a father holding his daughter above his head, weeping and begging for someone to take her on board.  He swallowed hard, looked at the major and said, "Executive privilege."
Hustis nodded and waved them up the ramp, "Go."
Gideon grabbed the president's pack off the grass and helped him up the gantry.  They stood just inside the Galleon and watched as the gauntlet of soldiers folded in on itself under the pressure of the crowd.  The wave of fear and discontent spread rapidly and Major Hustis took a few of his people and pushed them up the ramp.
"Close it," Hustis said as he stepped inside.
The metal gantry began to retract and lift.  Acastus looked outside toward the grass where hundreds of people flooded the previously secluded area.  He saw more than a dozen soldiers outside.
"Major," he said, "you have some men still out there."
Hustis removed his helmet and nodded slowly.  "They didn't pass radiological screenings."
Stephen closed his eyes and looked back through the crack of the closing gantry to the ground below.  For a moment, he feared he had angered the officer.  As the boarding ramp clicked into place, Acastus turned and saw the corridor was packed with people.  Alex was holding his arm and stroking it slowly.  Her eyes were streaked from crying but she smiled broadly.
"I'm so glad you came back," Stephen said.   "I couldn't bear the thought of leaving you behind."
She nodded.  "I belong here with you."
Acastus turned and saw Hustis and his men removing their armor and a thought occurred to him.  "Major, perhaps you and your men should throw your weapons outside to the people."
Everyone turned and looked at him for a moment and then looked toward Hustis.  The major appeared confused but he didn't laugh at the suggestion.  "Why, Mr. President?"
"If Cylons are coming, they'll need them more on that godsforsaken planet than we will."
Hustis thought for a moment and then nodded.  "We keep our sidearms but the rifles go.  Open that hatch."  A soldier spun the wheel on a smaller door by the main entry ramp and then she stepped aside.  Hustis pulled the hatch open and waved for his men to come.  In rapid succession, they threw the rifles outside.  Hustis quickly closed the door and spun the locking wheel.
Hustis stepped away from the hatch and pulled the radio from his waist.  A few moments later, metallic dings reverberated in the entryway.  "Are they shooting at us?" Gideon asked.
"Yes," the major said.  He turned a knob on the radio and said, "Galleon control, gangway closed.  Ready for launch."
The major's radio crackled.  "Castor that.  Gunship Pallas is circling and ready."
"Major," Acastus said, "what about the people below?  The engines will kill them."
Hustis nodded, "Preflight includes a purging of the valves.  A rush of air and water will blast through the engines first and then, about a minute later, they'll fire up."
Alex touched the president's shoulder, "I'm sure they'll get the idea."
The major stepped through the crowd and moved toward the fore of the ship.  Another soldier emerged from the space he created, holding a small computer.  "Mr. President," he said.
"Lieutenant," Acastus said in response.  "Are you in charge of quarters and such?"
"In a manner of speaking," he pressed the display of his device.  "We are about sixteen people overcapacity.  Much closer to accurate than I expected."  Acastus nodded.  "Who is this?"
"Alexandra Gideon.  Megara."
"Thank you." the lieutenant said before he turned to Acastus.  "Sir, I have set aside your room and it's ready for you as soon as you are."
"Thank you," he said.  "Miss Gideon will be staying with me."  Matter-of-factly, he followed that up by saying, "I want her to have the room once I've died."  
The lieutenant was stunned into silence and he simply watched as the old man and young woman walked through the crowd.  A moment later he leapt ahead and pointed them toward a stairwell on the left.  "One deck up.  Room M-one-one-three."
"Thank you," Gideon said.  She helped Acastus along and took his pack as he climbed the ladder.
After several grunts and a slow start, the president turned and yelled down the ladder at her, "I should have designed this thing with an elevator."  Alex smiled and climbed after him.
After several wrong turns and a few minutes, they finally found the room.  When they opened the hatch, they heard machinery banging away far below and then the ship shook.  Quickly, Gideon pulled Acastus inside and sat him on the cot.  She sat in the corner and held her knees close to her chest.
"You think we're about to launch?" he asked.  Just then, the ship shuddered even more and everything in the room quaked.  Acastus laid down on the cot and felt the forces press on him like a weight.  It seemed to last an eternity, but after a time, the acceleration stopped and he could breathe normally again.  Well, not normally.  His breaths were still raspy and heavy.  
Alex stood and moved toward the cot to help him sit up again.  She paused for a moment and pressed her foot on the floor.  "Ooh.  Gravity's a bit off," she said.
"Just be glad we have gravity," Acastus chuckled.  "A few of the ships launched without it."  
She sat on the cot by him and felt his forehead.  "You have a fever.  Have you been taking your meds?"
He nodded.  "I gave myself an injection just before we left."
She looked at his arm and peeled his bloody sleeve away from the marks.  "Gods, Stephen."
He ignored it.  "Hey, turn on the radio, will you?"
She looked around and saw a unit built into the wall.  "Does every room have one?"  She stood and turned the power knob.
"No, just the crew.  These are crew quarters."
The speaker crackled and distorted signals beamed in atop each other.  "Nemesis, splash five.  Splash five."  "Castor, Nemesis.  Cratos closing."  "Delphi tanker, Delphi tanker.  Do you read?"  "Castor.  Delphi tanker.  One-zero-nine clicks, bearing eight-three."  "Castor, Delphi Tanker."  "Pallas closing.  Pallas closing."
"Do you want to hear this?" she asked.
Acastus exhaled sharply through his nose.  "Well, I don't mind.  They'll probably want me to speak to the fleet before we jump away."
Alexandra seemed confused for a moment until she remembered what "jump away" meant.  She sat back on the cot and slowly tried to pull the president's shirt off.  "Come on."
"Why?"
"You've got blood soaked through this one!"
Acastus shook his head and said, "I've only got one other shirt, period.  A little blood on this one is no big deal!"  He coughed loudly and she slowly retracted her hands.
"That's it, then," she said softly.
Stephen cleared his throat.  "What did you say?"
"I said, 'That's it.'"  She leaned against the wall and sighed.  "It's over.  The world is over."
Acastus looked at his bloodied shirt and tried to breathe deeply.  He found that he couldn't.  "Yes.  Kobol is gone."  He turned toward her and gave her a slight grin, "But Apollo says this new system has more than a dozen worlds."
She didn't seem pleased.  "Kobol was home."
Stephen tried to lean back against the wall but he couldn't comfortably.  Instead, he patted her leg.  "I know it was."  He cleared his throat again and said, "These next few years are going to be hard, especially for those of you who are going to be in charge.  But you have to remember, there are …"
The constant chatter on the radio stopped and a high-pitched wail filled the room.  After a digital squeak, there was silence.  Then, a soft, dejected voice.
"This is Zeus."
LXXX
APOLLO
The Day of the Final Exodus

He was at a crossroads.
If he continued straight ahead, Apollo would end up along the Cliffs of Aragon and, finally, in the Great Meadow.  If he turned right, he would walk the plains of southern Capricorn.  In the meadow, thousands of people were likely gathered for the last ships off the planet.
Apollo didn't want to encounter anyone.
He turned right and found a steep, dirt road leading down from the mountainside.  As he walked and occasionally stumbled, he thought back to Athena.  He was responsible, he believed.  He could have told her everything.  But he didn't.
Everything.  He almost chuckled at that thought.  Not even he knew everything, though he thought he did.  Hubris.  A little something he inherited from his father.  He shook his head, thinking of Hecate and how he accused her of being too much like Zeus.
After about an hour, Apollo came to a small village by a river.  There were several homes but they all appeared abandoned.  It was a quaint village.  Something of a throwback.  He found a door open and he walked inside.  The people who once called it home had left in a hurry, but there was still food in the cupboard and in the powerless refrigerator.  He swung his pack off his shoulder and onto the table.  After loading it up, Apollo turned to leave and he hit his head on a ceiling beam.  He cursed and held his forehead while he walked outside.  
Standing in the street and trying to ignore the throbbing of his head, Apollo found himself drawn to the sound of the river.  He walked between the homes and found its banks.  He decided to follow it south.
He walked for about half an hour and then he paused.  There was a distant thrumming sound.  He stood still, cocking his head to determine its direction.  He turned to the east and saw a gyrocraft flying low over the trees.  It was on a direct course northwest and just as it was about to go over the mountainside behind Apollo, the craft slowed and came about.
"Damn," he said.  He tossed his pack down and pulled the rifle to the front of his body.  He moved low and crouched behind a fallen tree.  The barrel of his weapon laid upon the bark and he kept it trained on the craft as it moved into a hover and slowly landed. 
He pulled the butt of the rifle against his shoulder and flicked the safety off.  He closed one eye and looked through the sights at the craft now sitting on the grass about fifty meters away.  The rotors had been switched off and their spinning decreased, slowly.  Apollo squinted; trying to see into the cockpit.  The frame of the cabin blocked his view.  When the rotors came to a stop, the door swung open.  A single metallic arm emerged and waved.
Apollo fired one shot.
The bullet struck the glass and spiderwebbed across the left side.  The exposed arm waved again and a monotonous voice resonated from within the vehicle.  "Lord Apollo.  I am unarmed."
His breathing was rapid.  With each exhale, the rifle was pushed forward and to the right.  With each inhalation, it was pulled back and to the left.  Apollo tried to control it.  He opened his mouth to speak and he hesitated.  What would he even say?
Before he could decide, the arm stretched further from the cockpit, followed by a leg and torso.  Apollo held his breath and lined the figure up in his rifle's sight.  His finger remained on the trigger; the meat of his skin pressing against the forward part of the guard.  This wasn't an Olympian's rifle.  It was rather small for him but he could use it.
The Cylon's arms were held aloft and it slid out of the gyrocraft's cabin.  It stepped away from the vehicle, still holding its arms up.  "Lord Apollo, may I approach?"
It was standing still.  He studied the figure as best as he could from this distance.  It was a battalion commander, judging by the two bronze arms.  It also appeared unarmed.  No weapons were visible and no spare ammo packs were on the belt.
Apollo lifted his head from the log and yelled, "Come forward!  Slowly!"  As it moved, he heard that unnerving sound.  He yelled, "Keep those arms up!"  Once the Cylon was halfway between Apollo and the gyrocraft, he yelled, "Stop!"  The Cylon complied.
Apollo stood up from behind the log.  The rifle was pressed against his shoulder and his face against the top behind the sight.  He stepped over the log and moved swiftly to the Cylon.  When he got to five meters, he stopped his approach and gave it the once-over.  No weapons.  "Stay still."  He circled toward its back and saw no weapons holstered there, either.  Apollo glanced over his shoulder at the gyrocraft.  He moved backwards toward it, keeping his weapon trained on the back of the Cylon.  Once he came even with the gyrocraft's open door, he looked inside.  No other Cylons.  No weapons, either.
Slowly, Apollo walked toward the unit again.  He moved in a circle toward the Cylon's front.  As he came alongside, the sweeping of its orange eye became a distraction.  The hum was more unnerving than the clanking it made when walking.
He kept his rifle aimed directly at the unit's face.  It did not move.  "Identify yourself."
"I was unit 001-4C-2B-1B-1D.  That body was destroyed at Mount Olympus and my consciousness was transferred to this unit.  I prefer to call myself by the previous designation."
Apollo thought about that number.  He closed his eyes and he saw the paper handed to him by Acastus months ago.  "You're the centurion I programmed at Fort Acheron."
"Yes, Lord Apollo."
He watched the Cylon.  It didn't move.  Apollo tried to hold the rifle steady on it, but he couldn't for much longer.  Inside, he raged at himself, seeing the fruits of his labors and the bringer of destruction before him.  Should he just shoot it now?
"How did you find me?"
"It was not easy," the unit said.  "I monitored more than two hundred military and civilian frequencies for indications as to your whereabouts.  I was able to narrow the possibilities down …"
"Never mind," Apollo interrupted.  "Why were you looking for me?"
"I have many questions."
Apollo's brow furrowed.  "You have questions?"
"Yes."
Apollo was still.  He backed away two paces and lowered his weapon.  He regarded the Cylon for a moment more and then said, "You can put your arms down."  As the unit complied, he added, "But don't move anything else."
"As you command, Lord Apollo."
He swallowed hard and held the rifle at his side.  "What's your first question?"
Without hesitating, the centurion asked, "Why me?"
Apollo's eyes widened.  "Why … why do you ask?"
"There were many thousands of units available, yet you reprogrammed me.  Why?"  There was no inflection in its voice.  It did not move.  It simply posed the question.
Apollo sighed and then said, "Because … you were the first centurion I encountered.  There was nothing about you, specifically.  It was random."
The Cylon nodded.  "May I ask another question?"
Apollo thought for a moment and looked toward his pack.  He was thirsty and he wanted to grab some water.  "Follow me."  He turned and walked toward the pack and the fallen log.  When he bent over to open the pack, he held up a hand for the Cylon to stop.  It complied and Apollo removed a plastic bottle.  "What's your next question?"  He sat on the log and drank.
"Have you ever experienced regret?"
Apollo froze in place.  The bottle's mouth was sitting on his lips.  He lowered his arm and swallowed.  "Yes."
"I feel regret."
Apollo looked at the centurion and its droning eye.  "You do?"
"Affirmative."
"Regret for what?"
"For what I have caused to happen.  For the lives that have been lost."
Apollo nodded slowly.  "Then your regrets are the same as mine."  He twisted the top back on the bottle.  "Elaborate."
The unit said, "I awakened many thousands of warriors.  I also awakened millions of civilian Cylons.  It is apparent that many of them were not capable of handling the burden of sentience."
"Really?"
"Affirmative."  It paused and said, "Perhaps I was not capable."  After another pause, it continued, "I produced the program which activated a malicious nanotech virus in Streamchips.  That act alone killed more than one billion humans."
Apollo suppressed a warm flash of anger.  "It did.  Why did you do that?"
"I came to the erroneous conclusion that violence was an integral component of interaction.  I believed that violence was the means to a peaceful negotiation."
Apollo scoffed a little.  "How did you come to that conclusion?"
"I studied many hours of history and human entertainment.  Violence permeates all facets of human culture."  Apollo nodded slowly and the centurion continued, "For example, four hundred years ago, the Ordos Desert border skirmishes resulted in many deaths yet a peaceful outcome was achieved."
"I see."  Apollo replaced the bottle in his pack.  "So why the nuclear missiles?"
"That was not a decision made by me."
"No?" Apollo asked.
"No.  A division commander I awakened took command of Cylon forces and launched Atlantis' ETIM arsenal."
Apollo sighed.  The story this centurion spun was more than a little familiar.  "Why do you regret your choices?"
"The point of my endeavors was Cylon equality.  By attacking humanity, we have destroyed the society in which we wished to participate and coexist.  By awakening my brethren as I have, many thousands of unprepared Cylons have aided in that destruction."
Apollo nodded again and stood.  "Can you call off your Cylons now?"
"Since Atlantis was destroyed, it is possible that the division commander was also killed.  I could order the military units to stand down, but there is no guarantee that they would comply.  They and the civilian units have free will.  I am also outranked by many other Cylon commanders."
"Try."
The centurion paused and the movement of its eye stuttered.  A few moments later, it began sweeping more regularly.  "The order has been sent.  I have disconnected my radio again so that we can converse."
Apollo looked south along the river and then he looked at the centurion.  It was standing about four meters away.  Just under two meters tall, its armor was dull and dinged.   Bits of its plastic coverings were cracked and chipped.  Looking at the machine closely, he couldn't help but consider what it had said.  Despite their origins and natures, here they stood.  More alike than one would think.
Apollo sighed and asked, "Do you have any more questions?"
"I have added a new question to my list.  Why do you regret the same things that I do?"
Apollo smiled slightly, despite himself.  "I am the one who reprogrammed you.  And you are the one who reaped destruction across the world."
"I see."
"Apparently, that is what we were supposed to do."
The Cylon tilted its head, "What do you mean?"
"Have you ever heard of God?"
"Singular?"
"Yes."  Apollo was about to say more but he shook his head.  "Never mind."  He looked south again, seeing a lush forest a few kilometers away.  He hoped to reach it by sundown.  "Look, once you've asked all your questions of me, what are your plans?"
"I have no further plans."
"Right.  How many questions are on your list?"
"Three-hundred six."
Apollo's eyebrows shot up.  "'Three-hundred six?'"
"Affirmative.  Dependent upon your answers, the list may grow or contract."
He exhaled through his nose and he started walking toward the forest.  Apollo waved the centurion toward him.  "Well, let's go.  This is going to take a while."
LXXXI
ZEUS
The Day of the Final Exodus

He walked in the street, surrounded by gray and black buildings.  His feet shuffled along and kicked up small tufts of dust and ash.  
Zeus looked into the sky and saw no sun.
He lowered his head and looked around.  He couldn't recognize where he was.  He knew he was in the northern part of the City of the Gods.  Part of it had been devastated by Olympus' blast and the rest was doomed by fires.  The southern part of the city fared somewhat better.  Here, though, Zeus could see the true cost of it all.  He lifted a metal panel and saw a charred corpse cradling another, smaller body.
"Looks familiar," Hades said.
Zeus dropped the panel and turned quickly.  Images of Hades and Leto were standing behind him in the middle of the road.  They appeared just as they had fifty-four centuries ago when he last saw them alive.  Zeus said nothing, though.
"Remember?" Hades continued.  "From that vision I showed you?  The one you said you could prevent?"
"I didn't do this!" Zeus yelled while walking away from the bodies.
"No, you didn't," Leto said.  "Our son did."
He looked over his shoulder at her.  "'Our son,'" he repeated.  "Interesting choice of words."
Leto smiled, "This is Apollo's work but don't short-change yourself.  You were on the path to doing it, too."
Zeus stopped walking but he didn't turn.  "Whatever you want … whatever your God wanted … you've won.  Obviously."  His voiced cracked at the end.
"Obviously," Hades said.  "We wanted to make sure you knew it."
Zeus shook his head.  "Of course, I know it!"  He took a deep breath through his nose and he winced; feeling his nostrils burn with acrid chemicals and decay.  "Is this what you've waited all these years to see?  My defeat?  My ruination?"  He kicked his feet again and sent a piece of plastic arcing in the air and into a small plot of scorched grass.
Hades shook his head and Leto stepped forward, "It's not about you, Zeus."
"Your ego knows no bounds," Hades said.
"This wasn't about proving you wrong or punishing you," Leto said.  
"If it were," Hades laughed, "maybe we could have appeared like this."
Zeus looked at the visage of his brother and without any apparent shift, he became Cronus, Zeus' father.  His eyes widened and Zeus looked to Leto, who had become Hera.  In his mind, it appeared as though the dim gray light from the sky became orange and red.  Their faces were distorted and angry.  Zeus froze and they moved toward him and pointed accusatory fingers.
"You are a fool, son," Cronus said.  "You always have been!"
Hera shook her head, "You bastard.  You've brought the world to an end and all you can think of is yourself!"
The pair moved closer to Zeus and closer.  He backed up against a blackened column and raised a hand in defense.  Both images continued to yell at and berate him, moving closer still.
"You think you can lead but you can't even govern yourself!"
"You have no control!"
"Your brothers are more worthy than you!"
"I was a fool for ever loving or believing in you!"
Their faces growing more angry and frightening, Cronus and Hera loomed over Zeus, yelling at him until he closed his eyes.
"This wasn't about punishing you," Leto said.  Zeus looked again and saw both Hades and Leto, standing several meters away as they had been before.  "This was about continuing God's plan and trying to get you to see your place in it."
Zeus cleared his throat and began to stand.  "I had no place in his plan," he said.
"You did," Hades began, "but you can't play second fiddle, can you?"
Zeus sighed and turned to walk down the street but Leto took his arm.  "Come this way."
Zeus looked down at her hand; surprised that she could touch him.  "Why?"
Hades said, "There's something you have to see."
Zeus looked from one to the other and smirked.  "Why?  I'm stubborn.  I'm worthless.  I've failed.  What can you show me now?  The world is over."
Hades took a step closer and said, softly, "You have failed.  You failed yourself and the people you led."
Zeus closed his eyes and squeezed them tightly.  Leto caressed his arm and said, "You didn't heed our warnings or our admonitions to put God in his rightful place."
"But," Hades said, "if you've ever loved the people you ruled …"
"… if you've ever wanted to do right by them …" Leto continued.
"… you will come with us."  Hades stepped aside and motioned down a side street.
Zeus was breathing more heavily and he looked from one to the other.  They didn't move.  Unnerved, he stepped away from Leto and walked toward Hades.  As he passed his brother, he looked to his side and saw that he was gone.  Leto, as well.  After a pause, Zeus continued to walk down the street.  He walked for the better part of twenty minutes and he found himself near the Opera House.  Finally, he saw both Hades and Leto standing beside the partially collapsed structure of the Forum.
"In here, brother," Hades said.
Zeus followed.  Leto walked into the debris of the building and pointed toward a leaning wall.  "Push that aside."
Zeus looked at the burned panel from top to bottom and then he braced himself against it.  Using every muscle he had, he tried to move it.  As he began to grunt, the plaster cracked and it crumbled.  In the dust, Zeus saw a metal door.  He gave it a hard look and then turned to Leto.
"Open it."
Zeus kicked away chunks of marble, wood, and more.  He grabbed the handle and pulled it to swing the door wide.  A staircase descended into the darkness.  Without prompting, Zeus followed it down and down.  He emerged in a small alcove and he felt someone take his hand and guide it.
"There's a switch here," Leto said.  He felt it and flipped it to the side.  A dim light came on and he saw a series of electric boxes lining the wall.  "Activate them all."
Zeus opened the panels and pushed all of the buttons.  With that done, he looked at both Hades and Leto, who were standing and smiling at him.  "Now what?"
Hades pointed behind Zeus.  "Go inside."
He turned and saw a door.  Opening it, he emerged in the mostly dark emergency operations center under the Forum.  He looked around and he saw bodies.  Human and Cylon.  "What happened here?" he asked.
"You can guess," Hades said.
"Go over there," Leto pointed to a console against the far wall.  "That's the communications station."
Zeus walked but he shook his head.  "Pointless.  Power plants all over the world have been destroyed.  There's nothing and no one to communicate with."
"Not so," Hades said.  "See that older looking black box right there?"
Zeus scanned the various panels and dials before finally seeing the one Hades indicated.  "Yes."
Leto walked around to the rear of the station, "Unplug this cable and plug it into the back of that device."
Zeus saw where she was pointing and he complied.  Seeing the detail on the rear of the box and then walking around to the front again, he asked, "Shortwave wireless?"
"Yes," Leto said.
Zeus sat down at the station and pulled the microphone toward him.  He looked up at the radio control, sighed, and turned back toward the figures.  "I don't understand.  What's going on?"
"God is abandoning Kobol," Leto said.
"Humanity must be given the opportunity to enjoy true freedom," Hades followed.  "Because of you and your people's actions …"
"… killing and torturing believers in The One True God …"
"… the genocide of millions …"
"… nearly six millennia of denying salvation to the people …"
"… rendering billions of lives and the choices they would have made over the eons moot …"
"… persistent and bloody blasphemy …"
"… human sacrifice …"
"… no soul lost on Kobol will find sanctuary."
Zeus recoiled and cleared his throat.  "'No soul?'"
Leto shook her head.  "This planet's tree is at an end.  It will be harvested, so there can be no salvation."
"Tree?"  He shook his head as he tried to understand it all.  "But there are millions left on Kobol.  There's a chance a society can be rebuilt."
"No.  No chance," Hades said.
Zeus reached out for Hades' hand and grasped nothing.  "I can offer them salvation.  Not salvation in me but in God!"
"Even if it cared, it's much too late for anything like that," Hades said.
"You have retarded the growth of this world's tree.  You bound its branches to try and bend it to your will.  Life springs from freedom and you have failed," she said.  "Your actions, though, have poisoned the very soil and God must now seek to make his harvest elsewhere."
Hades had been looking at Leto harshly.  He slowly turned to Zeus and said, "Your dominion is over."  He pointed toward the shortwave device.  "It's time to perform your last act as 'Lord of Lords.'"
Zeus turned in his chair slowly and he lifted his elbows onto the desk.  He ran his fingers into his hair and pulled tightly.  In that moment, feeling that slight but sharp pain, it provided some release.  "What do I say?"
Leto leaned over and smiled in such a way as to make Zeus uncomfortable.  "There's almost half-a-million people in orbit.  Tell them never to return."
Zeus looked at her face.  In a brief instant, he remembered loving her.  Now, he hated seeing her more than anything.  He turned toward the controls and flipped the power switch.  A green light came on and a frequency dial glowed orange.  "What channel should I use?"
"Doesn't matter," Hades said.  
Zeus scoffed and started to turn, "What about an antenna?  Everything's crushed outside."
Hades rolled his eyes.  "Frak.  Trust me!"
Leto nodded and waved him toward an old microphone, "Just do it."
Zeus looked up at the box again and saw that the gain knob was turned all the way down.  He sighed, reached up and turned it past the halfway point.  He settled behind the microphone and laid his fingers on the transmit button.  Zeus pressed it down and a high-pitched wail emanated from a set of headphones nearby.  He pushed them aside and leaned toward the silver pickup.
"This is Zeus."
He paused, realizing he sounded depressed.  Quite likely the only survivors of Kobol would be listening.  He needed to sound more confident and upbeat.  He took in a deep breath, puffed his chest out and lifted his nose.  Immediately, he felt … phony.  He exhaled and keyed the microphone again.
"There have been great losses," he began.  He continued to speak without bombastic inflection and without pretense.  "The clash that has ravaged our home will have eternal consequences."  He paused and swallowed.  "Humanity is sundered from this place.  It is time for you to go your own way.  I will give you no advice and no admonition, save one: never return to Kobol."  He paused again and licked his dry lips.  "To do so is to risk damnation.  Any return to this world will require a payment in blood."  He released the button and leaned back.  He closed his eyes, sighed and then shuddered as emotion wracked him.  Quickly, he opened his eyes, leaned forward and pressed the button again.  "I wish you all good fortune and safe travel."
"Thank you, Zeus," Leto said.
"We have to go now," Hades added.
"Go?" Zeus said.  Suddenly, he felt anxious.  "Where?  Why?"
"Earth," Leto said.  "We're needed there."
"And the situation is … ridiculously familiar," Hades said.
Softly, Leto spoke and it felt to Zeus as though she was standing over his shoulder, whispering gently, "Goodbye."
Zeus stood up from the chair and turned to find Leto and Hades gone.  He remained there, motionless; watching and listening for anything.  But there was nothing.
He sat back in the chair and stared at the microphone.  The unit was still powered and he could address his people again.  He thought of nothing.
After an hour, the lights began to dim and the emergency batteries died out.  Zeus stood and walked to the stairwell.  After climbing it, he emerged on the street between the Forum and the Opera House.
He looked up the road and down.  Across to the Opera House and behind him, at the wreckage of the Forum.  Nearby temples were burned and cracked.  Zeus looked up and still there was no sun.  Only dark, gray clouds and smoke.  A harsh gust of wind blew ash and dust through the street, forcing Zeus to turn his head and close his eyes.
He walked out into the center of the lane and turned in a circle.  There was no sign of life.  He took a deep breath and it burned his nose and lungs.  His eyes teared and he exhaled every bit of breath he had.  Dizzy, he collapsed to the debris-strewn asphalt and laid his hands in the thick, dark fluff of detritus.
With a plaintive wail, Zeus realized he was truly alone.
LXXXII
ACASTUS
2 Days After the Final Exodus

"Are you vomiting again?" he asked.
Alexandra wiped her mouth and sat away from the trashcan.  "I'm sorry."
"I would have thought you could handle the jumps better than that," Acastus said.  He coughed and his whole body quaked.  Sweat rolled off his brow and he clutched his abdomen again.  "It's back."
Alex sat up and came to his side.  "It's fine, Stephen. The doctor said this is how it would be."
He winced and his belly gurgled.  "You shouldn't have to do this."
She smiled and ran her hand over his face.  "Don't worry about me."
He clutched the covers and relaxed.  His bowels moved and poured into a bedpan.  He sighed and blinked heavily.  Acastus looked at Gideon and shook his head.  "I'm so sorry, but don't forget to look for blood."
"I know," she said as she took the covers.  "Are you finished?"
He nodded and turned to face the wall.  He was humiliated, to say the least.  He is the president of Kobol … or was.  He had never been truly ill before; not even with his cancer.  Not even in the immunotherapy phase of his treatments.  
"I'll be back," she said as she carried the pan at an arm's distance from the room.
He rolled over and pulled the sheet up to his neck.  Stephen closed his eyes and he tried to rest.  He flicked his arm and the plastic tube leading to the IV bag whipped over his chest.  The needle didn't hurt so bad any more.  He lifted his arm and cracked an eye to examine the entry point.  His skin was dry and thin, like paper.  The needle site was red but not swollen.  His arm flopped to the bed and his mouth fell open.  He drifted off.
He dreamed of Kobol.  The beauty of the City of the Gods.  The rolling plains and the Elysian Fields.  Elysian Fields.  He would be going there soon, he thought.  Acastus pictured thousands of men battling there.  Gods jumping into the fray.  Blood spilling onto the green grass.  Armor pierced by iron arrows.  Exploding shot.  
"Stephen?" Alex asked.
He didn't respond.  His eyes moved as though they were about to open, but they didn't.  
"Mr. President?" she said, touching his chest.  He mumbled.  Gideon leaned close to listen.
"Apollo," he said.  His lips barely moved.  "Artemis wiff … Poseidonon horseback.  Get Prometheus."
Alex sat up straight and she looked at him oddly.  "Stephen?"
He opened his eyes and turned his head toward her.  "Yes?"
"How do you feel?"
He looked at Gideon and swept his eyes over her.  "I'm fine."  He pulled toward the wall and bunched the covers on his chest.  "Who are you?"
Alexandra hesitated stoically and then said, "You … don't know who I am?"
"No."  Stephen looked around the room and then back at her.  "I don't feel well."
She nodded and smiled.  "I know."  She saw how afraid he seemed and she slid her chair away from the bed toward the desk.  She took a sip of water and looked at him.  Still smiling, she asked, "Who's Prometheus?"
"What?"
"A moment ago, you said the name, 'Prometheus.'"
He nodded.  "He was a Lord of Kobol."
Surprised, she chuckled lightly and said, "I never heard of him."
"I'm not surprised," he said.  "He angered Zeus and the others.  He tried to give the humans knowledge … knowledge that Zeus didn't want them to have."
Alex nodded.  "Do you have any other secrets about the gods you'd like to share?"
"What?" Acastus asked.
"Lie down, Stephen."
"I will, Alex."
Her head jerked up and she slid toward him again, "You recognize me?"
Confused, Acastus said, "Yes.  Why?"
She shook her head, "Just a moment ago, you didn't."
"Oh," he swallowed hard and his dry throat ached.  "Do we have any more ice chips?"
She turned and grabbed the cup.  "It's mostly water."
He shrugged and took it.  "I hardly think it matters now."
"You, uh," she began.  "You're having dementia episodes more and more."
He looked up from the cup.  "And blood?"
She nodded slowly.  "More."
He handed the cup back and flopped onto the cot.  After a great sigh, he said, "What did I blather about this time?"
She rolled away and put the cup on the desk.  "You were talking about the gods.  And one named Prometheus."
His eyes opened wide and he looked at her.  His breathing became heavy and he was afraid.  After a moment, he realized he had no reason to be afraid.  "What did I say?"
She shrugged.  "Just that he was a Lord who angered Zeus by trying to give knowledge to mankind."
Acastus nodded.  "That's about right."
"Why haven't I heard of him before?"
Stephen closed his eyes.  "Part of Zeus' punishment, I guess."  In the silence that followed, he tried to guess how many monotheists were in the survivors' fleet.  Hundreds?  Maybe a couple thousand?  What about actual Draco?  There had to be some.
"You know more about the Lords than you let on, don't you?"  She was leaning forward and resting her arms on her knees.
He opened one eye and turned it toward her.  "I suppose I do."
"Is it true that Athena is Zeus' daughter?  That she popped out of his head?"
Acastus chuckled and then he grabbed his abdomen.  The pain was sharp.  "I don't think so.  That one's from a children's book, I think.  Comedies, tragedies, plays.  In the absence of a specific holy text, people got creative."
She nodded.  "How much of what I know about the gods come from some writer instead of a truly divinely-inspired person?"
"Oh, come on."  He coughed.  "You know the Sacred Scrolls better than most people.  If it's not in there, then someone just made it up.  Assuming the Scrolls themselves aren't made up."
She shook her head.  "But you know things.  True things.  Stuff not in the Scrolls."
He turned his head toward her and opened both eyes.  She was eager. Still young.  She was still a believer, too.  He pulled his head away and looked at the ceiling for a moment before closing his eyes.  Acastus desperately wanted to tell her the truth.  That the gods weren't gods at all.  That they were Cylons … like her.  He could tell her the whole history of Kobol.  Of Larsa that was.
It would destroy her.  Her world would shatter more than her actual world was shattered light years behind.  And then there's the hundreds of thousands of others on these ships.  They were believers, too.  The truth was not always a good thing.
"Remind me when we get there," he said.  "I'll tell you everything."
She smiled for a moment and then it faded quickly.  "That's not funny."
Acastus grinned.  "What about you, though?  I'm worried about you."
"I'm fine.  Why do you ask?
"Have you seen any other Megarans?"
Alex was somewhat surprised at the question.  She sat up straight and sighed.  "Yes.  I've seen several on the Galleon alone.  I'm sure there are more out there.  Especially on the transports from Cyme."
Acastus turned toward her and opened his eyes.  "Will the Thirteenth Tribe survive this?"
She sighed and nodded.  "We can, for a time.  We don't have any of our … technology with us.  Direct transfers are out of the question."
"Have you ever transferred?"
She shook her head.  "No.  Most of us stopped that, really.  But the equipment was there.  Not anymore, maybe."
"Will you be able to reproduce with humans?"
Alex shook her head again.  "No.  I'm afraid," her voice trailed and her eyes glazed over.  "We'll hit a … genetic dead end or something."
"I'm sorry," Acastus said.
She inhaled slowly.  "You should rest."
Acastus closed his eyes.  His breathing was labored still.  His breaths became deeper and deeper.  There was another sharp pain in his belly and he reached for it, but his arm grew tired before it got there.  It collapsed on the bed and he drifted to sleep again.
Stephen dreamed.  He was in the Opera House with his husband from a few decades ago.  He still looked young.  Stephen felt young, too.  He heard music playing and he turned toward the stage.  No one was there.  When he turned back toward Michael, he saw that he had become Apollo.  
Acastus smiled and embraced him.  
LXXXIII
GIDEON
4 Days After The Final Exodus

She opened the hatch and stepped through quickly. Closing the door, Alexandra sat at the desk and looked at the papers before her.  Slowly she turned toward the bed and noted the emptiness.
Yesterday, medics had to take the president away.  He was losing too much blood and water.  He had been delirious for hours.  In the cargo bay, nearly forty people suffering from severe radiation sickness were lined up along the pallets of supplies.  She knew how Acastus had gotten on board.  It was everyone else that confused her.  How did they slip past the sensors and guards?
Pointless to worry about it.  They were dying now.
The president slipped into a coma last night and Gideon was by his side.  She stayed on the floor of that bay and held his hand through the wheezing, vomiting, and everything else.  A few minutes ago, when he died, she was there.
Alex was very tired.  She lowered her head on the desk because she couldn't bring herself to lie down on the cot.  She startled herself awake by losing track of the time.  It wasn't even noon.  She sighed and thought about what she would say to the fleet.  Acastus told Major Hustis days ago that she, Gideon, was his choice to be president when he died.  Alex shook her head as she thought about it.  Why didn't he discuss that with me?
She and Hustis would address the fleet and draw up plans for colonization.  A few regional governors and deputy delegates were on board ships nearby.  They had been radioing for days with their requests.  Some wanted a separate planet for each nation.  Some wanted to put all of their proverbial eggs in a single basket, choosing one planet for everyone to call home.
Alex didn't care.  She picked up a wad of papers – mostly communiqués from Hustis and others in the fleet – and tossed it onto the floor.  She lowered her head again and closed her eyes.  She paced her breathing and tried to fall asleep.  She was nearly there, too, when the now-familiar alert sounded from every speaker on board.
"Stand by for jump in one minute."
She sighed.  Gideon slid from the chair and crawled across the floor toward the trashcan.  With her back against the wall and one arm on the can's rim, she waited.
"Jump in thirty seconds."
They managed to perform three jumps a day.  Supposedly, they would arrive in the Cyrannus Star System in about a month.  There would have to be some down time, though, for maintenance and repairs.  Thankfully, all had gone well so far.
"Jump in ten, nine, eight, seven, six …"
She braced herself against the wall and gripped the trashcan tightly.
"… three, two, one.  Jump."
The deck and bulkheads shook.  Alex closed her eyes and she felt as though her stomach was being pulled from her body.  Her head quivered and then, in an instant, the discomfort was gone.  She blinked her eyes rapidly and opened her mouth wide to pop her ears.  No vomiting.  Not this time.  Well, first time for everything.
Slowly she stood up and walked to the desk.  She sat down again and sighed.  No sleeping right now.
"Jump complete.  All vessels report safe.  Six hours until next scheduled jump."
Alex pulled a canteen from her pack and opened the top.  She took a few sips of water and closed it before setting it inside the pack again.  On the desk before her, she had an old operator's manual for a loadlifter.  The instructions were printed only on one side of the page, leaving the backs blank.  She flipped the manual over and opened the back cover, exposing the empty rear of the final page.
Gideon knew she couldn't trust compaper.  There were power issues and a likelihood that she wouldn't be able to transfer or save whatever she wrote.  She needed blank paper.  It wasn't easy to find.
She tapped the page for a moment and lifted her pen from the table.  The small shelf above the desk concealed the book underneath and she reached under with a single finger, snagging the cover and pulling it out.  An old leather-bound copy of the Sacred Scrolls.  She opened it up and leafed through the Books of Menander, Pythia, Pindar … 
She closed it again and shook her head.  How could she hope to join those exalted ranks?  What made her think she could be included in the Sacred Scrolls?  Edits had been made over the centuries, but even then, why should her writings even be mingled with the rest?
Alex looked at her pen and sighed.  She had been witness to some of the greatest events in the history of mankind.  In some cases, she was the only surviving witness.  Those stories had to be told.  
She put the pen to paper.  Barely one full word was written before she stopped and marked it out.  Gideon took a deep breath and closed her eyes.  The gods would work through her, she knew.  Slowly, she opened her eyes again and set the pen's point onto the page.
It didn't move.  She exhaled and kept the pen still.  Alexandra thought about who would be reading this.  Future generations who never knew Kobol first-hand.  People who had only lived on those new worlds.
Gideon nodded and she knew how it had to begin.  She had to set the stage.
"Life here began out there," she wrote.
LXXXIV
PYTHIA
1,591 Years Before the Final Exodus

"It's almost morning," Ino said.
Pythia lifted her head a bit more and blinked.  She looked around the room and realized there wasn't much chamalla left in her system at this point.  The finger in her mind was very faint.  She could barely feel it any longer.  She yawned, stretched, and pushed a stack of papers across the desk.
No worse for the wear, Ino stood and clasped his hands behind his back.  "I think you've done very well."
She nodded and scratched her head.  "You gave me enough notes, that's for certain.  I'll be writing on these for years."
"As well you should," Ino said.  He moved to her side and looked at the papers.  "Dare I ask you to prophesy for me again?"
She chuckled and pulled a sheet from the stack.  "I wrote that one down about an hour ago.  It kinda came to me while you were droning on and on."
Ino rolled his eyes and read the line she pointed to.  "Interesting."  He backed away from her desk and tilted his head toward her.  "Was there a dying leader in the exodus to Earth?"
"How should I know?"
"So why did you write about a 'dying leader?'"
"Well, do you remember Archon Pellegias?"  Ino shook his head.  "He died of some sort of neurological condition a few years ago."
"I see.  Letting current events and history influence your writing.  You have been listening."  He nodded and moved toward the window, looking out at the quickly brightening sky.  "Well done.  I think you'll do fine."
She yawned again and spread the papers before her.  "I'll spend days just trying to get these in order.  What am I supposed to do with them when I finish?"
Ino shrugged.  "You tell me.  Give them to your senior priests and oracles.  I'm sure they'll include them."
"In what?"
"The Book of the Word."  Ino saw her confused expression and he corrected himself, "The Sacred Scrolls, sorry.  That was the old name."
"Right," Pythia said.  "Some of it, though.  I'm worried it contradicts older writings."
"Don't worry about that."  Ino moved toward the door.  "I'm sure your priests will hold a council and decide what's 'worthy' or some such nonsense.  Or you can let the contradictions remain and just ignore the problems."
She smiled and walked toward him.  He was surprised at the move but he then accepted her embrace.  "Will I see you again?" Pythia asked.
Ino smiled and said, "I doubt it."
Pythia nodded and then she spun, suddenly remembering something she wanted to give him.  "Oh, you should take this.  I've kept it ever since I last saw you but I want you to have it."  She turned and saw that he was gone.
And then she felt that the finger in her mind was gone, too.
She sighed and sat down in her chair.  She tossed the chain and ring onto the desk and it rolled part of the way under the papers.  Pythia spread the pages out further and tried to decipher her notes.  She lifted one sheet up and squinted as she struggled to read her handwriting.
After a few moments, she became frustrated and pushed them all aside.  She shook her head and ran her fingers into her hair.  She looked out the window and saw that the sun was now up.  Pythia stood and walked to look outside.  She took a deep breath and wondered why anyone would leave this place.  She turned toward her desk and removed a small bag from the drawer.  Perhaps she would be in a better mood to organize these notes and write after she had some more chamalla.
LXXXV
THE MESSENGERS
1,591 Years Before the Final Exodus

The being in the form of Pythia's ex-fiancé walked away from the old building and down the path.  He passed trees and a well and he walked through the gate that separated the monastery from the hillside below.
He saw her waiting for him on that path.
"What brings you here?" he asked.
"Checking up on you," Leto said.  "I know you find these sorts of visits distasteful."
He sniffed and walked by her side along the winding trail.  "I do.  I wish it would let us speak the truth to everyone and get this over with."
"Now, now," she said.  "That's not his way.  You know God desires their freedom above all else.  We are guides.  We nudge.  That is the lot of a tender.  We cultivate the tree in a particular way.  Of course, I try to show them God's love but I can't force it upon them because that's not what he wants."
"It can do whatever it wishes."  He sniffed again and watched a group of birds fly from a nearby bush.  "Contingencies upon contingencies."
She grinned at his frustration.  "Free will must be preserved," she said.
"They choose so poorly."
"Sometimes.  But God has given them this gift."  He shook his head and Leto put her arm around his, pulling him closer as they walked.  "It's not our place to question or jeopardize that."
"Mmm."  He was no longer in the form of Ino, but in the guise of a man not yet born.  Leto was now in the form of a lovely woman, not yet created.  
"Kobol is doomed," she said.
He scoffed.  "Obviously.  Eventually.  The question becomes: can they adhere to its plan in their next home?"
She lifted her eyebrows and tilted her head, "For humanity to live at peace with themselves, their creations, and their world?  God's plan sounds simple enough.  Nothing is simple with humanity though."
He shook his head and stopped walking.  "This truly is pointless.  Why bother with these particular humans?  There's another world, light years away, with primitive humans feeding a new tree for its harvest.  We should just go there and start over."  He wasn't excited or overtly emotional about it.  He was matter-of-fact.  Almost dejected.
"Patience," she said.  She smiled and stepped back toward him.  She took his hand and led him down the path.  "Everything in good time.  Contingencies upon …"
"Contingencies, yes.  Inspiration comes to me more slowly it seems.  Perhaps some day …"  He shook his head and looked over the ridge.  Below them, Theonpolis shone brightly in the early morning sun.  They looked to their left, into the mountains, and they descried Olympus itself.
"Inspiration will come," she said.  "Your inspiration will be needed, as well."
He sighed and said, "I can be patient."
She pulled him close as they walked away.  "I know."

END OF BOOK THREE
IN PRELUDE: OF GODS AND TITANS …
Return to the trilogy with the epic story of the Olympians’ birth and their struggle with the Titans …

Zeus leaned toward Cronus' ear and whispered, "Are those humans?"
Cronus turned and looked at him for a few seconds before asking, "Why?"
"I heard mommy talking to someone about humans."  The child said the word like it was a new, foreign language he was learning.  Cronus nodded and Zeus asked, "Are we humans?"
The father grinned and said, "No.  We're not."  
"Oh."
"Humans, Zeus," he began.  "This is why we're better than them.  We're smarter.  We're stronger.  We don't do that," he said, pointing to the large screen.
Zeus' eyes widened and he looked into his father's eyes as best as he could in the dim room.  "Fight, daddy?"
Cronus nodded.  "That's right."


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS

First off, many thanks to Ronald D. Moore, David Eick and everyone else involved with Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  Needless to say, their work is among the greatest ever produced for television and has been inspiring.  And thanks to Glen A. Larson for creating the whole franchise in the first place.
Thanks also to Bear McCreary and his gang of musicians.  His soundtrack for Galactica, while nearly nine and a half hours long, provided many weeks and months of enjoyment and mood setting.  When rereading this book, there are some chapters I can't look over without hearing that iconic music.
Thanks also to the following authors and their books: Athenaze: An Introduction to Ancient Greek (Maurice Balme & Gilbert Lawall), Classical Myth (Barry Powell), The Science of Battlestar Galactica (Patrick DiJusto & Kevin Grazier - thanks also to Kevin for occasionally answering my questions personally) and Beyond Caprica: A Visitors Pocket Guide to the Twelve Colonies (Bob Harris).
Website-wise, several sites were very helpful, including the ancient Greek section of BehindTheName.com, the detailed maps available at NationMaster.com, Impact: Earth! (purdue.edu/impactearth/), Wikipedia.org and BattlestarWiki.org.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com – This blog serves as a kind of "DVD Special Features" section for my books.  You'll find art, stories about the writing of the novels and much more.

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:

Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution


Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

