LORDS OF KOBOL
BOOK TWO: DESCENT
By Edward T. Yeatts III

Published by Edward T. Yeatts III at Smashwords.  Copyright 2011 Edward T. Yeatts III.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MAP

I – THE ONE
II – ZEUS
III – HERMES
IV – APOLLO
V – ASCLEPIUS
VI – ACASTUS
VII – ZEUS
VIII – ATHENA
IX – APOLLO
X – ZEUS
XI – HEPHAESTUS
XII – GANNAR
XIII – OLYMPUS
XIV – GANNAR
XV – HEPHAESTUS
XVI – LETO
XVII – HERA
XVIII – TENUR
XIX – ATHENA
XX – POSEIDON
XXI – TENUR
XXII – ZEUS
XXIII – PROMETHEUS
XXIV – HADES
XXV – ATHENA
XXVI – HEPHAESTUS
XXVII – TENUR
XXVIII – ZEUS
XXIX – HERA
XXX – ATHENA
XXXI – PROMETHEUS
XXXII – ZEUS
XXXIII – PROMETHEUS
XXXIV – LETO
XXXV – HADES
XXXVI – PROMETHEUS
XXXVII – ANAXO
XXXVIII – HERA
XXXIX – ZEUS
XL – CERDO
XLI – ANAXO
XLII – ATHENA
XLIII – PROMETHEUS
XLIV – ARES
XLV – ANAXO
XLVI – ARETE
XLVII – LETO
XLVIII – HADES
XLIX – PROMETHEUS
L – ANAXO
LI – ZEUS
LII – ARES
LIII – PROMETHEUS
LIV – ZEUS
LV – ARES
LVI – PROMETHEUS
LVII – ARES
LVIII – PROMETHEUS
LIX – ARES
LX – KALADEN
LXI – THE OLYMPIANS
LXII – PROMETHEUS
LXIII – ZEUS
LXIV – KALADEN
LXV – ARES
LXVI – PROMETHEUS
LXVII – ARES
LXVIII – LETO
LXIX – KALADEN
LXX – PROMETHEUS
LXXI – ARES
LXXII – THE DRACO
LXXIII – THE MESSENGERS
LXXIV – APOLLO
LXXV – KALADEN
LXXVI – ZEUS
LXXVII – ARES
LXXVIII – ATHENA
LXXIX – KALADEN
LXXX - ACASTUS

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:

I
THE ONE
Unknown Years Before the Final Exodus

It peered into the tiny universe.
Specks of rock revolved around balls of gas.  Its eye scanned millions of them.  Billions.
There were points of interest, to be sure, but nothing that grabbed its attention.  It hovered over no one world for longer than a microsecond.  Then it saw something.
Like lying on the ground at the base of a tree, it looked up.  From this one speck, branches stretched forward through time.  It had found its goal.
The One looked along the trunk and each of the branches.  Decisions were going to be made and reactions to those decisions would follow.  A myriad of possibilities lie ahead for this one world.  Nearly infinite, the will of life on this speck would shape so much.
It was excited.  The limbs kept stretching and growing forward.  Flowers grew at each turn and the paths were lined with leaves.  Then it noticed that some branches came to tapered ends.  The tips wept with sickness.  Still, other limbs grew forward, so The One kept looking along its length.  Then more branches ended.  Thick, fiery tumors hung on the boughs and they grew no more.  From the top of this world's tree where no vines reached, it looked back toward the beginning, dismayed that the branches would go no further.
The One scanned over them again and looked worriedly across the remainder of this collection of stones and stars.  It saw no other trees.  There were many "bushes," sure, as lesser life made their minor decisions to eat that thing or drink that water.  But there were no leaps.  With sentient life come great bounds in thinking and greater choices become available.  The trees flourished.  The will of living, thoughtful beings watered them.  Without trees here, The One saw no purpose in remaining in this galaxy.
As it was about to withdraw, a thought occurred to it.  It could intervene.
The One turned its gaze from the rock of interest and found another like it.  It had a spindly collection of branches wreathing it and stretching forward in time.  The wispy limbs grown from the decisions of lesser animals.  It would have no higher beings and therefore no tree growing thick through the ages.  With a swift pinch, it grabbed seeds from the base of the large but stunted tree and deposited them on the other world.  Immediately, a great trunk extended from the speck and shot into the future.  Branches diverged and limbs reached out and into the darkness.  Flowers blossomed and leaves unfurled.  
The One was pleased.
Though the second tree was planted for insurance, it did notice that this new sapling was going to be deformed.  It, too, had terminating branches in its future.  
The One reached out of the universe and into another.  There, it had groomed other trees and two tenders had helped them grow through harsh winters and long droughts.
With whispered instructions, The One set these beings on the first world it had found.  Hopefully, this pair of workers could enable that tree to flourish.  As it watched, limbs reached away and into space.  Some branches extended even to other specks.  Some vines wrapped toward The One's contingency world.  Quickly, it turned away.  It wanted to be surprised by what life decided to do.
The One stole a peek, however.  It realized that it would have to intervene again, from time to time.
II
ZEUS
804 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was dark.  He tried to leave his room but he kept bumping into things.  What was happening?  Why couldn't he leave?
He opened his eyes.  It wasn't dark after all.
The lights were on.  He looked about the room and saw utter devastation.  Clothes, books, half-eaten plates of food.  All of it scattered everywhere.  The mattress of the bunk was on the floor and it had no sheets.  Zeus had used an empty bottle of wine for a pillow.  He fell against the doorway and studied the room again.  Whose room was this?  It wasn't his.  Helios'?  No, Artemis'.  That's whose it was.  No matter. Artemis hadn't lived in this room on Olympus for more than a millennium.  She had been dead for centuries.  What did it matter?
That was his routine.  He would go from room to room.  Live in it until he simply couldn't anymore and then move to another.  He could do this for about a century or so before he would have to contact the Temple of Zeus to send up some acolytes to clean the place.  It took them months to do it, but it always looked great when they finished.  Zeus didn't care.  Ages ago, he was obsessive-compulsive over cleanliness.  No longer.
He stumbled into the hallway and walked toward the next room.  Zeus slid along the wall with his eyes barely open.  His shoulder thunked over a door jamb and he found himself looking into Dionysus' old room.  Wrecked.
He pulled his head out of the doorway and the momentum caused Zeus to fall backward across the corridor.  He fell onto his butt and his head hit the far wall.  
"Frak!" he screamed.  He stood slowly and held onto the wall for balance.  "I don't need this!  I need more food!"
Wait.  Did he need food?  Or alcohol?  Whatever.  Food would do for now.
Zeus continued his slide down the hallway and he came to another door.  It was Ares' quarters.  He looked inside and found it in the same condition as the others.  The smell was overwhelming and Zeus' gag reflex nearly kicked in.  He pushed himself to the other side of the corridor and he slid down the wall to the intersection.
"Where am I?"  He looked down each of the hallways.  Junk littered them, of course, but he knew one of them led to a food processing room.  Olympus was able to pull nutrients and vitamins from various items and then reconfigure them into types of food.  Zeus had used it extensively for years and he didn't know when it would need maintenance, if ever.  He could just get Hephaestus to fix it when it broke.
"Hephaestus is gone," Zeus said aloud.  He turned right, and as he did, he heard footsteps behind him.
"Who's there?!"  Zeus waited for a response.  "Who is there?"  It could have been Asclepius.  He still came to Olympus on occasion.  Or maybe another Lord resurrected.  Zeus remembered the last time someone downloaded to Olympus.  It was Apollo.
"Father?" Apollo asked, standing in the doorway of his own quarters.
Zeus awakened and pulled his head out from under a pile of clothes.  "Who's there?"
"It's me."  Apollo's voice was quiet and subdued.  He had one hand on the outside wall.  His mouth hung open and his eyes didn't blink.  "What is going on?"
Zeus tried to stand but he only made it up to lean on a small table.  "Nothing.  I'm just staying here for a while.  Why are you here?"
Apollo scanned the area and spoke slowly.  "I just downloaded and I came to get an old book."
"Oh."  Zeus managed to stand.  He was completely naked.  "It's here somewhere."  As Zeus turned, Apollo could see bedsores and that his father had soiled himself.
"You need help."
Zeus turned and looked at his son, confused.  "What?"
"You need help.  You can't live like this."
Zeus laughed.  He laughed hard.  "I have lived like this.  I've been here for centuries and where the frak have you been?"
"I don't …"
"No!  You don't!"  Zeus stumbled over trash piles toward the door and his son.  "I've been here without you and I can handle myself just fine.  I don't need you!"  He pushed Apollo.  "I don't need your brother!  Or your sisters!  Or your mother!"
Apollo looked hurt and he backed down the hallway.  "I'm leaving, father."
"Of course you are!"  Zeus leaned against the doorway and berated Apollo as he left, "Frakkin' leave like always!  Stay way the hell away!  I don't need you!"  The insults continued for hours.  Zeus yelled until his voice was hoarse, though his son left long ago.  "I don't need you.  I don't need you at all."
Zeus stopped listening for the footsteps and he instead turned back toward the food processor.  "I still don't need them."  He staggered over empty bottles.  "They left me!  I didn't leave them."  
Footsteps.
"Who the frak is here?!"
Silence.
Zeus abandoned his search for food and decided to find the footsteps.  "Why are they coming here?  There's nothing here.  I don't need them.  I don't need them.  I would like … Who is here?!"  No response.  He turned left down another corridor.  "Hera said we didn't need them, but she's wrong.  We do.  We do. We do need them.  And Prometheus," Zeus scoffed loudly, "he's just … he's just a frakking idiot.  He's smart, but he's stupid, you know?"
Footsteps.  Behind him.
Zeus whipped around and yelled with all of his might, "Who is here?!"  He wailed and his voice cracked.
Nothing but echo.
"Who …" he got that much out before he heard steps again.  Down near the medical section.
"I'm coming!"  Zeus started walking, tripping over empty boxes of food.  "Clean this up!"  He held onto the wall as long as he could.  "Why is there so much shit here?  I mean … Who is here?!"
No answer.
"Fine.  I'm … I'll be there.  No, no.  I'll see."  He let his fingers lightly brush the metal wall as he walked.  "'The Mighty Jupiter leaps into action to save them all.'  I'm 'Mighty.'  I'll push them back and then you come with the horses.  But," he stopped, "no!"  Tears welled in his eyes.  "You swam to sea!  How can we push them back with their, their … How?"
He started walking again. A moment later, he was outside Asclepius' medical bay.  He looked inside and saw nothing.  He pressed the panel by the door and the lights came on.  Still nothing.  Some mess; not a lot.
"Well?  Where are you today?"
Footsteps across the hall.
Zeus turned so quickly he became dizzy.  He walked across the corridor slowly and reached inside the room, pressing the light panel.  When all was illuminated, Zeus saw the resurrection pods.  It was a large room.  Row upon row upon row of pods held cloned bodies of the Lords.  A bank of computers on the near side of the room held the memory patterns and facilitated the downloads.
"Who's here?" Zeus yelled into the bay.  No answer.
He stepped in and turned to his right.  He looked at the computer displays and ran his finger along the edges of a hanging monitor. 
"I don't need them.  I can push some buttons and delete them all."  Zeus read the names on the screen.  Apollo.  Asclepius.  Athena.  Hermes.  Hecate … she was still in the system, even if she wasn't really alive.  Ares.  He, too, was in the system.  Just asleep for a few hundred years.
He started to press "Apollo" on the screen when he heard the footsteps again.  Turn!  Quick!  Look at the far side of the bay!  He saw nothing.  "In here again?  Again?!"  He stalked away from the computers and down a row of pods.  He was halfway through before he decided to look down.  On his left, Athenas.  All about twenty-five years old.  On his right, Hecates.
"Oh, Hecate."  Zeus knelt by one of the pods and placed his hands on either side of the lid and he braced himself to push it open.  Just then, he heard the clanging of feet on a metal ladder.
"Again, you bastard?"  Zeus leapt up and ran to the far end of the bay and he came to the utility ladder that led into the ceiling.  He began to climb.  Difficult in bare feet, but not impossible.  "Again.  Again.  We just did this!"  His voice echoed in the tunnel above him.
A few moments later, he was high above the resurrection bay, but still within the confines of Olympus.  He came to a platform and saw the second ladder in front of him.  "I should leave!  I should go back to my room and ignore you!"
He did that once before when the footsteps came.  They didn't lead him to the ladder that time.  To a science lab, instead.  He ignored them and stayed in his room … well, Demeter's room.  He stayed there for days.  The footsteps paced back and forth on the other side of the door.  They didn't stop until he opened it.  And then he had to follow them.
Zeus started to climb the second ladder.  "I'm coming!  I know what you want and I'm going to do it!  I'm tired of it, though!"  He came to another platform.  The rock walls around him were moist and he almost slipped as he started climbing the third ladder.
"Climb, climb, climb."  He came to another platform.  And another ladder.  He climbed and climbed until finally, he climbed into snow and frost-covered ladders.  "It's cold!  You want me to be cold?!"  He kept climbing.  "I said we had to leave Larsa, but you didn't believe me."
Half a kilometer above the Olympic facilities, Zeus emerged near the peak of Mt. Olympus.  Three kilometers above sea level.  He walked out onto the platform, constructed ages ago by Hephaestus.  Behind him, large antennas and satellite dishes pointed toward the heavens.  To Zeus' left, far below, he could see the lights of Theonpolis.  To his right, the ocean.  Below him, nothing but mountain and rocks.
The wind howled in his ears.  His breath emerged in thick cloud bursts.  He was freezing but he didn't quiver.  "I'm here!"  He threw his hands up and looked around the snow-covered platform.  "I'm here!  What do you want?"
If there were footsteps, he couldn't have heard them.  He screamed and screamed into the wind for a time.  He became hypothermic.  Shivering and quaking.  He couldn't yell any more.  He looked back at the hatch leading to the ladders and thought of going there, but he knew he couldn't.
"You win," he whispered.  "Again."  He took a deep breath and ran from the platform, leaping away from the mountain wall and far above the nearest peak.  He fell and fell and for those moments, Zeus felt free.  And then he struck the sloping mountainside.
His head was still ringing when the pod slid open.  He sat up and spat out a steady stream of gel.  Zeus leaned against the side of the unit and looked around the resurrection bay.  Empty, as it always was.  He was surrounded by bodies and yet he was alone.
Regardless, Zeus knew he could relax and enjoy a meal and a drink.  Maybe even some chamalla.  It would be a while before the footsteps returned.
III
HERMES
776 Years Before the Final Exodus

"We cannot express how truly grateful we are to you, Lord Hermes," the CEO said.  "Without your assistance, we … I cannot fathom how long it would take us to achieve these goals."  He held his glass high and everyone else around the ballroom did likewise.
"It has been my pleasure, Mr. Marcius," Hermes responded.  He lifted his glass and then sipped.  The audience did the same.
"Speech!" some of the people shouted.  Finally, Hermes grinned and he stood from his chair.
"When I first approached the board of GKT," he began, "I hoped that they would let me play around with their computers, maybe make a few suggestions."  Chuckles were scattered around the room.  "I had no idea that Mr. Marcius would think so highly of my expertise that he would give me such access and even project control."  There was some applause.  Hermes lifted his hands and managed to quiet the room again.
Hermes' eyes narrowed and he lowered his head.  When he looked up, he said, "For centuries, the Lords have given humanity an almost free reign over society.  Zeus, Apollo, myself … we all feel that, after so many years, you've earned it."
Hermes knew nothing of the sort.  He hadn't spoken to any other god in nearly a thousand years.  Apollo had his Olympic Games now.  Athena was still living among the people, for the most part.  Asclepius traveled the world.  Zeus was still living in the hellhole formerly known as Olympus.  Hermes didn't interact with them like he used to.  But, for these people, he knew a united front was preferred.
"After so many years of direct control, it's no surprise, really, that you still feel like the yoke is on you.  But it's not a chain.  It's not a leash.  You have freedom to expand your horizons.  You can explore the world in front of you.  Yes, the gods have drawn certain lines in the sand, but that doesn't mean you have to stay out of the sandbox."  More people chuckled.
Hermes' words were truer than they knew.  For millennia, Hephaestus, Poseidon, and others kept a close watch on everything they produced.  Every idea they had.  Once those gods went away or simply stopped participating, the people acted as though the Olympians were still over their shoulders.  For centuries now, there had been very little progress.
"In the last decade, I feel privileged to have been a part of this new project.  Even though a Lord was a part of this, I don't want you to feel like you're beholden to me or any other god.  This is an achievement of your own doing."  Applause rippled through the room.
"With these advances, there are multiple uses, of course.  You've already seen how much better the Datastream is with this new technology and I'm sure it will get better.  The next phase is even more exciting."  Hermes turned toward the figure on his left.  He forced himself to smile at it.  "Supposedly, Kobol has been a Utopia for two thousand years.  Backbreaking labor and hardships are a thing of the past.  Strictly true, of course, but still … there had to be some citizens to manage those tasks which no one wanted.  Those everyday necessities that kept citizens from pursuing their true desires.  Not now."
Hermes walked behind the Cylon which stood right at two-meters-tall and therefore a little shorter than him.  The machine turned toward him and its blue eye followed his movement.  "We have given our mechanical servants a certain level of autonomy.  They can make decisions.  They have a kind of … occupational intuition.  Not just the construction Cylons or the landscaping Cylons.  The farming Cylons.  The soldier Cylons, no.  This can be translated into peoples' homes with their personal units.  And," he lifted his index finger high, "we can have intelligent police and firefighting units, too."
As the room erupted in louder and louder applause, Hermes inhaled deeply.  His chest tightened and his mouth went dry.  While the clapping continued, he grabbed someone's water glass and took a big gulp.  He stood erect and cleared his throat.
"We have control still, of course," he said.  "We always will.  But with their greater freedom comes greater freedom for everyone else."  Applause came again and Hermes walked toward his chair on the dais.  
While GKT's CEO returned to speak, another Cylon manufacturer seated next to Hermes leaned toward him.  "We can't thank you enough, Lord.  Really."
Hermes grinned and nodded.  "It has been my pleasure."
"At my company, we were getting worried.  We had taken Cylons as far as they could go without getting near any of Hephaestus' commandments."  The woman chuckled and shook her head, "If it weren't for you, I'm afraid we may have gone out of business in just a few years."
Hermes still maintained his grin.  "I'm glad."  
The woman straightened up and listened to her competitor speak.  While Marcius droned on and on, Hermes' mind wandered.  He thought about Hephaestus and the close watch he kept on his Institute and the Cylon construction firms.  He had been gone for the better part of seven centuries, yet his precepts were on everyone's minds.  Nothing was going to change that.
Hermes tried to make his usual temple appearances, but the old shows didn't work like they used to.  Electrical generators, holograms, magnetic fields, and superconductors.  Parlor tricks, mostly, to confound the minds of a primitive population.  It worked for four thousand years, but now?
How many more tricks did the gods have up their sleeves?  They had a kind of immortality but even that was discovered – independently, of course, by some people and hidden from the rest.  Most everything else they had the Kobollians now had for themselves.  It was good, in a way, that the gods seemed to withdraw from the people when they did.  If they stayed out front as they had for so long, they would have lost their luster.  The Lords would have become commonplace and their "magic" would seem less magical.  
Hermes, though, needed to be in the mix.  He desired that attention.  That's why he was the first and only god to step foot on other worlds.  Nine hundred years ago when the space program was winding down, Hermes did it.  He was the last person to walk on another planet.  After that, what could be next?  What could he do to maintain the illusion that he and the other Olympians were truly divine?  They had computers, worldwide data networks, commonplace air travel, curative medicines, fantastic arts, the ability to manufacture healthful foods from simple algae, and they had been into outer space and seen other star systems.  What was left?  The only other trick up his sleeve was knowledge, but a great deal of that knowledge was forbidden fruit.
Hermes approached GKT, Dynamo, PolyWare, and other Cylon manufacturers to impart some of that fruit.  He had worked for decades on paring down the technology to its barest essentials.  To give the Cylons autonomy without giving them real, honest-to-goodness intelligence.  Hermes believed he had figured it out.
Eleven years later, his work was done.  He was revered as a Lord and admired by everyone he saw.  What could be next, though?  Hermes looked over at the Cylon figure on the stage and sighed.  Perhaps he could take a vacation.  Maybe go to sleep for a few centuries.  When he woke up, it would be a whole new world.
IV
APOLLO
610 Years Before the Final Exodus

For the Quinmillennial celebration, Apollo and Athena returned to witness the first performance of the newly updated Symphony of Kobol.  They sat in an auditorium just like the great one built millennia ago.  Apollo forced himself to smile.  He was so very bored.
"I'm so bored," Athena whispered in Apollo's ear.
He smiled genuinely and whispered back, "Me too."
Apollo tried to stifle a yawn and Athena noticed.  She gently pushed his leg and Apollo grinned.  The symphony wrapped up and the crowd jumped, applauding.  Sometimes, Apollo forgot that nearly everyone around him hadn't heard this performance or seen it a hundred times before.
The two Lords stood and applauded.  As the crowd continued their exhortations, they left the auditorium for the front steps of the Opera House.  Two thousand years before, about a dozen Lords attended the symphony with millions of people outside, screaming and clamoring for a glimpse.  Apollo felt hollow as he and Athena stepped outside and saw filled streets, but the sea of humanity had receded greatly.  Many thousands, to be certain.  Perhaps a hundred thousand.  But millions was a sight he could only see in his head.
They smiled and waved.  Apollo and Athena stepped down the front of the building together.  They waded part of the way into the crowd and moved toward the west, to the Forum.  They were supposed to meet with the Quorum of Twelve across the street.  An open air transport intended for their use after the Quorum meeting waited for them next to a long colonnade and Apollo and Athena stepped beside it.
Athena leaned in to speak to Apollo, "I really don't want to meet with the Quorum."
Apollo turned slowly and smiled at her.  "That's exactly what I was just thinking."  He chuckled and opened the door, motioning for her to get inside.  She did and he followed.  The driver seemed startled and Apollo looked out of the window at the tall office buildings and the columns.  "I suppose we should, though.  It's been … centuries since a Lord was present at a meeting."
Athena motioned toward the city around them.  "And I can see that our absence has caused the ruin of civilization."
He shook his head.   "Well, there have been disagreements between some of the nations ..."  He looked at her face for a moment, ignoring the throngs of people still lining the streets.  "What do you want to do?"
The smile never left Athena's face.  "I'm hungry.  Let's go see if Clytemnestra's is still open."
Apollo laughed.  "I haven't eaten there in three hundred years.  Certainly it was closed long ago."
"Maybe," she said, "but there's bound to be a restaurant there."
Apollo sat still, staring.  Athena was vibrant and crackling with energy.  He was befuddled as to how this could be, but it was infectious.  He leaned forward and touched the driver on the shoulder.  "Take us to the restaurant district."
The driver seemed confused and he did a double take toward Apollo.  "Um, yes, Lord.  As you command."  He began to drive and he pressed a device into his ear.  "It's me.  The Lords want me to take them to a restaurant."  Pause.  "No, I don't think so."  Pause.  "Of course I'm taking them."  He pressed the device again and made a left turn.  
Athena was looking out the window as she spoke, "Theonpolis doesn't seem all that different."
Apollo nodded and said, "Theopolis."  Athena shot him a confused look.  He shrugged and answered, "Somehow over the last few centuries, they dropped the 'n.'"  She looked out the window again just as the vehicle came to a stop.
Apollo climbed out of the transport first and he took Athena's hand, "Allow me, my lady."  He swung open the door of the car and motioned for her to exit.  For the first time, he noticed how the diaphanous robe clung to her body as she moved.  He stood up and looked to the driver.  "You may go."  The driver nodded and took off.
"Well, you were right," Athena said.  "Clytemnestra's used to be here."
Apollo shrugged, "But it is a restaurant.  Even if I've never heard of The Olive Vine."
Athena pushed Apollo playfully.  "Olives don't grow on vines."
He laughed, "I know that.  Maybe it's just a joke."  He put his hand on her shoulder and guided her toward the door.  
"My Lords!" the hostess squealed.  "It is an honor to have you here!"  Being mid-afternoon, the dining area wasn't crowded, so the hostess grabbed menus and stepped back, waving toward the tables.  "Sit wherever you'd like!"
Apollo and Athena walked in, ducking ceiling lights and heading for a back corner table.  Before they had finished sitting, a waiter brought out a water pitcher and two glasses.  He bowed at the waist and spoke without looking up, "May I bring you wine or some other beverage?"
Apollo didn't look at him.  He only looked at Athena.  She was scanning the room and Apollo studied how she moved.  How the low light somehow illuminated her face.  Her gleaming smile.  "A bottle of your best wine.  Your choice."
"Yes, my Lord."  He backed away and darted into the kitchen.
Athena picked up the menu and as she opened it, she looked at Apollo directly, "Why are you looking at me like that?"
He smiled.  "I don't know.  I just feel like … I'm seeing you for the first time or something."
She scoffed and shook her head.  "We've known each other for five thousand years."
Apollo nodded and pushed his menu to the table's edge.  When the waitress returned, Apollo said, "Chef's choice," and Athena agreed.  While they waited, Athena leaned forward, her elbows on the table.  She was breaking apart a crunchy breadstick.  "Are you going to eat that?" he asked.
She popped a piece in her mouth out of spite and wiped the crumbs off the table to the floor.  "Tell me what's going on.  I've been out of touch on purpose for a long time."
Apollo leaned back and sighed.  "Well, Ares put himself under some time ago.  He told me to surprise him and awaken him whenever we needed him."
Athena shook her head.  "I knew Hermes was … under, but not Ares."
Apollo shrugged, "He's a general and there was no fighting to be had."  He chuckled, "If he hung around for a few more centuries, he might have been able to help avoid some bloodshed.  Minor, though it was."
Athena shook her head.  "The nations haven't had gods watching their every move.  They found stuff to argue about."  She wiped the corner of her mouth.  "Asclepius?"
"I spoke to him about twenty years ago.  He's doing fine.  Still teaching at the Asclepius School."
Athena's smile faded and she looked at the table.  "Your father?"
"I don't know."  He was quiet while he formulated the right answer.  "I haven't seen him in a couple of centuries.  You wouldn't want to know how he looked then."
"I can imagine, actually," she said.  "When I downloaded some time ago, I checked out Olympus.  It was … a disaster.  The last two times, however, it was clean."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"I usually leave so quickly, I don't notice anything."  Apollo raised his eyebrows.  "That's a surprise.  I wonder what's happened."
"Doesn't matter," she said, shaking her head and inhaling deeply.  She reached across the table and picked up Apollo's hand.  "What about you?  What are you doing?"
Apollo smiled, "Still hanging around in Delphi.  But the Olympic Games are going well."
"Oh, yes.  I've wanted to see one."
"We've been doing them for a thousand years, you know."  Apollo picked up her hand and stroked it gently.  "We hold them every four years so it's not too hard to catch."
Athena smiled and tilted her head to one side, "I know, I know."
"And you?" Apollo asked.  "What have you been doing?"
She sighed and her smile became softer.  "I live in Athens.  It's … not bad."
"I understand."  He held her hand off the table and stroked her knuckles, staring as his thumb climbed and fell off each bump.  She tugged on his hand and drew his attention back to her face.  "Yes?"
She was smiling but her face flushed as she spoke, "When we finish here, would you like to come back to Athens with me for a while?"
Apollo lifted her hand and kissed it softly.  "Yes."  Apollo hadn't been with a woman – human or otherwise – in many centuries.  His ex-wife, Coronis, chose to end her life about two millennia ago.  There were a couple of priestesses since then.  The prospect of sex excited him, but he was equally excited by the sheer chemistry they seemed to share today.  Why had that never seemed evident before?
Soon after, their meals came.  They couldn't eat quickly enough.
V
ASCLEPIUS
218 Years Before the Final Exodus

The old man approached the computers slowly.  He had straightened his bent back so he would return to eye level with the monitors.  He squinted and pressed a series of buttons.  A list of names appeared on the screen and he placed his finger above the rectangle that read, "Asclepius."  He hesitated just for a moment and pressed it.  The screen went black and a single question appeared, "Are you sure you wish to delete the download profile for Asclepius?"
Asclepius pressed, "Yes."
His body was about ninety years old.  Wrinkled, old, tired.  Asclepius had spent centuries traveling the world once he felt he was finished at the Asclepius School.  Now, after more than five thousand years, Asclepius was ready to end his life.
He cleared his throat and looked back at the screen.  After pressing some buttons, the list of names appeared again.  This time he pressed, "Hecate."  The screen blackened, a single sentence appeared and Asclepius again pressed, "Yes."
He stepped away from the computers and sat on a stool by the door.  He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it into an open disposal.  He took off his shoes and did the same.  He left his pants on and grabbed two robes.  That was when he heard the coughing.
He slipped his arms into one of the robes and ambled down a row of resurrection pods.  He heard the slap of wet goo on the hard floor and he was able to make out the sight of a young woman leaning over the side, spitting up the gel.
"Hello, Hecate," he said.
She slowly turned and stared at him, panting.  "Who are you?"
Asclepius smiled and laid the other robe on the corner of her pod.  Then he stepped back and sat on another.  "Your nephew."
She coughed again and said, "Asclepius?"
He nodded.  "Welcome back."
She took the robe and started to stand from the pod, sliding into it as she rose.  "How long was I in there?"
"Oh," Asclepius shrugged, "about eighteen hundred years."
She stopped dressing herself a moment and looked at him askance.  "'Eighteen hundred years?'"  He nodded and she shook her head.  After tying the robe around her waist, she stepped out of the pod and sat on the side, much like Asclepius was doing.  "Why did my father want to wake me now?"
"Oh, he didn't."  Asclepius adjusted his position on the pod.  "I just thought it fair to go ahead and wake you up while I could."
She chuckled.  "Where is he?"
"I don't know.  I haven't seen him in … more than a few hundred years.  He was living here on Olympus and … well, now there's no sign of him."
She looked around the resurrection bay for her father's pods.  "Did he delete himself?"
"No.  He still downloads.  According to the system, the last one was ten years ago."
She was quiet for a moment, lost in thought.  She looked at Asclepius' face and noted the odd smile he had.  "Wait.  Did you say you woke me while you could?  What does that mean?"
His smile became broader.  "I'm finished, dear.  I'm ready to move on, assuming there's something to move on to."
Her mouth drew into a straight line and she nodded slowly.  "Who else is left?"
Asclepius inhaled deeply and thought, "Well, there's Hermes.  He decided to take a little vacation like the one you were forced into.  I just revived him a few decades ago.  Ares is in the system still.  He said to awaken him whenever we needed him.  Apollo and Athena are still out there.  They're together, if you can believe that."
Hecate's head whipped around.  "Together?  Like a couple?"  He nodded.  "For how long?"
"Oh, a while."  He stood up from the pod and stretched his back.  "I'm hoping you wouldn't mind giving me a hand before you go."
She stood also and walked slowly with him down the row.  "Thank you for waking me."
"Don't worry about it.  With your father out doing who knows what and just about every other Lord leaving, I didn't want to leave you in the computer forever."
Hecate took Asclepius by the arm and helped him along.  He pointed to the left and she turned, too.  "I appreciate it."
He nodded and stopped by one empty pod.  Asclepius turned and held a single finger up, "Now, Hecate.  I want you to promise me …"
She smiled and pulled his hand down, "I'll be good."
Asclepius raised a single eyebrow.  He didn't really believe her, but what could he do about it?  He pressed a button on the side of the pod and the doors opened up.  He reached under his robe and pulled off his pants.  Hecate turned aside and he finished undressing.  He put one leg inside the pod and deep into the lukewarm gel.  He held onto the opened doors tightly and pulled his other leg inside.  There was a twinge in his back as he did it.  He knew he pulled the muscle but it wouldn't bother him for long.  He tossed the robe off the side of the pod, saying, "I don't know why I bothered with that."
Hecate turned and saw that he was fully inside.  She sighed.  "What would you like me to do?"
Asclepius adjusted his position in the pod and he cleared his throat again.  "You don't have to worry about cleaning me up or anything.  Just seal me in the pod and in a few days, the system will sense that I'm dead, recycle the gel, and then begin breaking my body down with enzymes."  Hecate's eyebrows lifted at the casualness with which he spoke.  "All I need you to do is hand me the syringe in my pants pocket."
She bent over and found the metal cylinder easily.  She studied it for a moment and prepared to hand it to him, but she stopped.  "Wait, what about the others?  How will we resurrect?"
He shook his head, "Don't worry.  The pods are all filled and the system's on automatic.  Transfers will happen like normal and new bodies will be grown as they're needed.  If anything goes wrong, Apollo can fix it."
She nodded and handed the syringe to him.  "Thank you again, Asclepius."
He smiled and regarded the syringe for a moment.  His hands shook as he flipped the safety, allowing the needle to protrude.  He pulled his left arm out of the gel and placed the tip of the needle against the skin.  His hands were still wobbly.  He shook all over.  He was ready to go, but … He exhaled loudly.
"Do you want me …" she offered, quietly.
He looked up with that same solemn smile, though his eyes were now welling with tears.  She took the syringe gently and guided his head back against the rest in the pod.  She smoothed the skin on his arm in the crook of his elbow, saw a vein and stuck the needle in.  She clicked the side button and the medicine was injected.  His eyes were closed and his body slackened, slipping into the goo a little further.
"Thank you," he said, his eyes still closed.  A moment later, he heard the pod doors close above him.  He felt the warmth of the gel begin to even out.  His skin tingled somewhat and he thought his nose itched.  His breathing became slower and shallower.  
How many times had his body died?  He looked it up a while ago: one hundred eleven.  Every time, whether by accident, old age, or will, he awakened in a pod just like this.  Not anymore.
He inhaled once more.  It seemed to take far too long to draw the breath.  He couldn't hold it in.  Slowly, the air leaked from his nose and mouth.  Asclepius was gone.
VI
ACASTUS
39 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Am I wasting my time here?" Stephen Acastus asked.
The delegates of the Quorum looked at each other and then back to Stephen.  Acastus had been elected the delegate from Libra just five months prior.  His experiences with the Quorum of the Twelve Nations had been nothing but tedious.  He sat back down in his large chair and sighed.
"We have a diverging population.  Many Kobollians simply want to live their lives, run their businesses, farms, restaurants, what have you, and help their families.  But the majority of Kobol, most of the people we have on this planet, have taken up a life of laziness."
"Mr. Acastus," the delegate from Gemini began, "I must object."
"Wait," Acastus held up his hand and continued.  "Thanks to the gifts of the gods, people are free to choose whatever pursuit they wish.  A full sixty-three percent of our citizens have chosen to simply exist.  To live in government homes and eat the food we give them."
"But that's the point of our system," the Virgo delegate said.
"No, it's not.  The point of creating this perfect world was so that we humans could better ourselves.  So we could create art and music and study the intricacies of nature.  For centuries, that is what we did.  But we have become lax.  We have become idle.  Content with sitting in our homes, immersed in unreal virtual environments and engaging people from around the world inside of machines but not the people who live mere meters away.  Meanwhile, commercial conglomerates scheme to reap the smallest coin that a fraction of our population bothers to earn …"
"Mr. Acastus," the Leo delegate tried to interrupt.
"... They don't have to earn money to survive.  They do so to accumulate.  To accumulate things and therefore the appearance of status."  The Leo delegate began to stand, but Acastus waved him off.  "I'm not trying to impugn businesses or the rights of companies to earn money.  I'm simply saying that the priorities of our people are woefully misplaced."
"I understand your concern," the Capricorn delegate began, "but that is the point of our free society.  They are allowed to choose the life they wish."
Acastus was silent for a moment.  "Delegate, what was the voter participation in your last election?"
He thought for a moment.  "Eleven percent."
Acastus nodded, "Not bad.  I fared even worse.  Nine percent.  People can sit in their homes, click on a name or even just a picture, and vote.  But they didn't.  The other ninety-one percent of Librans just couldn't be bothered."
Some of the delegates scoffed.  Acastus stood again.
"Have you looked at our population graphs over the centuries?"  No one answered and he pressed a button on his computer.  Above the large conference table, a holographic image appeared: a ragged line that started high on one side and swept downward across the grid.  "Three-thousand two hundred years ago, we were at the height of our population.  Five billion people.  Now, at that point in time, Kobol was a burgeoning industrial society.  Ever since the nations left behind their agrarian roots and adopted a more technological approach, birth rates fell.  People didn't have to have as many children to ensure survival.  So, today's population?  Two-point-three billion."
The delegates were silent. 
"Don't you understand?  People aren't having babies as much as they used to and it's not just because our society is more advanced.  The simple, pleasurable act of frakking is apparently too much work for some people."
"Mr. Acastus, watch your language!" the president said.  Others were incensed, too.
Acastus nodded, "I apologize."  He took a deep breath and continued, "There are people who would rather engage other people virtually than in the real world.  And by 'engage,' I mean every possible inference of the word.  Our population is declining, and not just because fewer people are having fewer children."  He picked up papers and moved them across the table before him.  "More people are dying at younger ages.  They are developing diseases that come from their lack of activity.  The Asclepius School is begging people to get outside and simply move around and yet fewer people are.  And why should they?  They can have any food or product delivered to their home.  The production of home-based Cylons is at an all-time high.  There are robotic servants doing every task imaginable all over the world.  And as for their social lives, they can meet people from anywhere in their home.  They can have sex with anyone they want and without consequence inside their home and apparently, it feels just as good as the real thing."  Acastus went quiet.  He waited for a response.  
The Pisces delegate inhaled deeply and leaned forward on the table.  "I hear everything you're saying.  I understand and even agree with you on a lot of it, but what are we supposed to do?"
Stephen picked up a sheet of compaper and tapped the corner.  The image on it swirled and displayed more graphs.  He thought of putting those up on the holoviewer, but what would be the point?
"Perhaps we could ask the gods for help or advice?" the Pisces delegate offered.
The Aquarius delegate shook her head, "The gods have abandoned us."
The Gemini delegate looked shocked.  "Blasphemy."
"Not blasphemy," she said.  "It is … the truth.  They may not have left Kobol outright but they have left us to our own devices for centuries now."  Other delegates scoffed.  "No, I'm serious.  When was the last time a Lord attended a Quorum meeting or any other official function?  When was the last time we even saw a god?"
The Aries delegate raised his hand, "I saw Hermes on the news last week.  He was sailing or something."
The Aquarius delegate nodded.  "And that's it?"
"Apollo does the Games," the Leo delegate offered.
The Gemini delegate stood and backed away from the table, "I cannot sit here and be a party to evil words from evil nations ..."
"Calm down, Herman," the president said.  "Cora is simply articulating what many people have felt and …"
The Gemini delegate sat slowly and turned his head away from the "blasphemer."  "Their gift to humanity is our comfortable society.  They know we are mature enough to exist without their persistent, direct assistance."
Acastus nodded.  "Perhaps."  He put the compaper back on the table and looked across their faces.  "We need to do something.  I don't know how much longer we can pretend to be the rulers of the world while more than half of our population atrophies."  
Just then, the president's computer beeped.  She pressed a button and a message from her assistant appeared.  She read it and her eyes went wide.  "You're not going to believe this."
VII
ZEUS
39 Years Before the Final Exodus

Among people again, Zeus could barely contain his excitement.  He spent centuries on Mount Olympus, cooped up and insane.  And then, for centuries more, he wandered the world.  He spent decades and decades in the freezing wasteland of northern Taurus.  Going hungry on a solitary island in the Thracian Sea.  Wandering the sand dunes of the Ordos Desert in Scorpio.  He spent hundreds of years living in all corners of Kobol and yet avoiding contact with anyone.  It made him stronger, he thought.  More resolute.  He had pushed aside his demons and his fears.
He stood behind a large column at the top of the stairs.  The Temple of Zeus seemed to be the appropriate place for this.  Thousands had crowded below.  Service robots and Cylons rolled or strolled past as though nothing was going on.  The beautiful, white façades of the buildings in Theonpolis seemed besmirched by garish advertisements and flashing computer screens.  He noted a few more people trickling into the rear of the crowd.  Zeus pondered for a moment why there weren't more, but he knew the answer.  The people had grown lazy.  They lacked direction.
A tightly clustered group of people crossed the street and entered the crowd.  They pushed through the audience and up the stairs.  A few of Zeus' priests met them, exchanged a few words and then they climbed the steps.  Coming between the columns near the Temple entrance, they looked side to side before spotting Zeus, casually leaning against the base of a large statue.
The woman at the front of the group quickly walked toward him and lowered her upper body as she approached, "Lord Zeus.  It is an honor."  She rose and held her hand out.  "I'm President Lana Diomedes."
Zeus squinted at the lack of protocol.  Being away for so long, they simply had forgotten their proper etiquette around the gods.  No matter.  Zeus took her hand and shook vigorously.  "President Diomedes?  What happened to, 'chief archon?'"
She looked confused, "Oh, the title was changed several centuries ago."
Zeus nodded.  "Ah.  I've been away."  He straightened and glanced over the group that followed Diomedes.  "Is this the Quorum of Twelve?"
"Yes, my Lord.  These are the delegates," the president said as she motioned to them.
Zeus nodded again and caught sight of one man, weeping joyously.  Blubbering, almost.  He bowed his head when Zeus made eye contact.  "I see.  A pleasure, I'm sure."
Zeus walked toward the entrance of the Temple and Diomedes followed.  "Lord Zeus, if I may ask, to what do we attribute your … appearance today?"
He smiled and looked between the columns toward the gathered crowd.  "You'll find out in a moment, president."
Zeus walked out into the sunshine and waved to the people.  Many cheered and applauded, but Zeus noted with disgust a severe lack of enthusiasm.  A lectern had been positioned at the top of the stairs and Zeus stood behind it, saying nothing while he looked across the audience.  A few cameras were set up on the periphery.  The word of his arrival went out five hours ago and yet there were, perhaps, only two thousand people here.  
"Citizens of Kobol.  I have returned."  There was some applause, but mostly silence.  "For the last millennium, I have undergone a personal journey, during which time I have left humanity to its own devices.  I would like to say that I am pleased at what you've done with yourselves, but I am not."  The crowd began to murmur.
"Many of you have not followed the example of the Gods.  You have become complacent and idle.  Not bettering yourselves or society.  Crime has increased dramatically.  As nations, you have allowed petty differences to sunder you from your neighbors.  You've become fractured.  Sub-cultures and even separate dialects have formed.  You've fought among yourselves.  Some of you have perverted your means of worshipping the Lords with rape, violence, and even murder.  Needless to say, this is not the will of the gods."  He lifted his chin and saw that the people appeared shamed.  "It is clear to me to that I have been absent from you for too long.  I am here today to state that I am back.  I will not rest until Kobol is again unified and the proper position of the Lords has been restored in the hearts and minds of everyone."
There was applause in the crowd and even a few excited cheers.  Zeus stepped away from the lectern and prepared to enter the Temple.  The priests bowed and lavished praise on him.  The president and the Quorum delegates gathered around, as well.  The president seemed occupied in thought, but most of the delegates bowed and thanked Zeus.
Zeus spoke to the clutch of politicians, "One of the first items of business for the Quorum will be to conduct a religious census."
"A census?" the president asked.
"Yes.  It is to be mandatory and likely the easiest way to accomplish this will be to ask citizens as they log onto the Datastream.  We must know the gods that the people worship and how often they go to or contribute to their local temples."
"Yes, Lord Zeus.  Absolutely," the Gemini delegate replied eagerly.
Zeus wouldn't broach the subject of monotheism.  In his observations of humanity in the last few years, he discovered that the absence of the Lords' daily presence had lead to a resurgence – minor, though it may be – of monotheism and even atheism.  He would squash those movements if they grew, or perhaps even if they didn't.  He could accomplish either on his own time.
"After the census, Lord Zeus," Diomedes said, "what would you like us to do?"
Zeus inhaled deeply and folded his arms over his broad chest.  "Well, I plan on keeping myself not only abreast of Kobol's goings on, but I plan on being intimately involved."  The president nodded and Zeus continued, "Get used to having me around."
VIII
ATHENA
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

Athena sat on a bench in the courtyard near the city center of Dodona.  A nearby fountain's mist was captured by a breeze and blew toward her.  She closed her eyes and let it wash over her.
"Good day, goddess," a passerby said.
"Good day."  She looked down at her book and tried to continue reading.  She managed another paragraph before closing it.  She had read the book before.  Many times before.  For whatever reason, right now, she just didn't feel like reading it.  Instead, she watched people as they walked by.  As they strolled with their pets.  As they carried their children into a diner.  Athena inhaled deeply and sighed a sigh of satisfaction.
"Hello," Apollo said.
Athena jumped.  "You scared me."
"Sorry."  He sat down by her and began to admire the view, as well.  "It's very pleasant here."  
Athena nodded.  "It is.  I feel like … like the people are still alive.  They're out and about.  They're not holed up in their rooms on the Stream all day."
Apollo chuckled.   "This again.  We've lived here ever since the last Olympic Games wrapped up and I swear you say the same thing at least once a week."
Athena leaned over and nudged his shoulder, "Yes, 'this again.'  Because it's true.  I don't like where the people are going."
Apollo furrowed his brow, "I thought you felt that they were going nowhere?"
She nodded.  "And that's the problem."  She pointed at the crowd to her left.  "You see?"  Athena pointed to her right.  "I don't see a single Cylon.  Anywhere.  Delphi, Athens, Theopolis?  Crawling with cans."
Apollo sniffed and said, "True."
Athena moved the book on her lap and said, "Dodona.  They do it right."
Apollo was quiet for a few moments.  "Has my father tried to contact you?"
"No, he hasn't."  She looked at Apollo and tried to decipher his expression.  He was frustratingly stoic.  "What do you think he will do next?"
He shrugged.  "After the census, he started his … evangelical tour.  Trying to whip up support and get people back in the temples."
"I don't think it's working."
"No."  Apollo watched a large sea bird fly overhead.  "I think he mentioned something to the Quorum last week about … virtual temple services on the Stream."
Athena smiled.  "That's nice but I don't think that will work, either."
"But they would be mandatory.  Every Stream feed at whatever time of day would show you Zeus in his virtual temple."
She shook her head.  "Well, that may actually help get people off the Stream for a while."
Apollo laughed.  "I think you're right."
They sat close to each other on the bench for a while longer in silence.  The sun began to set and the evening crowds were flocking to the restaurants and cafés.  Athena took Apollo's hand and she stood.  "Let's go home."
They walked together slowly and stopped by a food stand to eat dinner.  They finished the evening by walking to their home just outside of town near the ocean and by making love before going to bed.  Athena was a light sleeper and she knew Apollo to be a heavy sleeper.  It surprised her when she felt him sit up in bed.
"Are you well?" she asked. 
He didn't respond.
"Apollo, what's wrong?"
He seemed distracted and turned from the window to face her.  "I'm fine.  Go back to sleep."  He stood and slowly walked out of the room and into the kitchen.  She lay back down, thinking he had simply had a bad dream.  After she closed her eyes, even though the door was closed, she thought she could hear him speaking to someone.
IX
APOLLO
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

The dartship came to a gentle landing next to the Forum in Theopolis.  Apollo sighed and he opened the door.  To his surprise, nobody was there waiting for him.  There was a Cylon painting a wall next to the buildings, but that was the only activity he saw.  He slowly walked across the courtyard and he finally saw a living being crossing the street toward a street vendor for lunch.
Apollo entered the Forum building and a Cylon was standing behind the desk.  Apollo narrowed his eyes and studied the mechanical being, remembering that a human had always manned that desk. 
"How may I assist you, Lord Apollo?"
Apollo noted that the unit had a fairly humanized voice.  Its outward appearance was very humanoid … if he didn't look closely, he might not have noticed it was a Cylon.  "I'm here to see Delegate Acastus."
The Cylon looked down at the desk and adjusted a datastream input on its left arm.  "One moment, please."  It turned its arm and a light blue glow became visible in its eyes.  "Delegate Acastus is here and he is in his office.  He is not expecting you, though I have notified him of your presence."
"Thank you."  Apollo walked away, cursing himself for being polite to a damned machine.  He took the stairs and headed for what used to be the Chief Quorum Archon's office.  Fortunately, Acastus emerged from around the bend of the rounded corridor and bowed toward Apollo.
"My Lord.  This way, please."  Apollo stepped toward him and Acastus bowed again.  "It is an honor, sir."
Apollo nodded, "Can we speak in your office?"
"Of course," he motioned toward an open door.  Apollo walked inside and sat in a large guest's chair.  The delegate spun his seat around and sat down slowly.  "How may I help, Lord Apollo?"
Apollo looked around the room and leaned forward, "How comfortable do you feel here?"
Acastus cocked his head to one side and lowered his eyebrows.  "What exactly do you mean?"
"If we were to discuss something of supreme importance, how secure do you think the conversation would be?"
Acastus leaned back and inhaled.  "I see.  I would be … concerned."
Apollo stood and walked to the door.  "Come with me."  Without question, Acastus stood and followed him.  They walked down the stairs silently.  Passed by the Cylon and ignored its greetings.  Crossed the courtyard to the dartship and entered it.  Acastus quickly got inside and sat in the rear chair.  He looked around in awe, studying every line and curve in the Olympian craft's design.  
"We're going to Delphi."
Acastus was surprised.  "Delphi?"
Apollo nodded and placed his hands on the two inductive datastream panels.  The dartship lifted off and leapt over the mountains and then bore west toward their destination.  "Tell me, delegate.  How are you liking the involvement of my father?"
Acastus slowly exhaled through pursed lips.  "I … Lord Zeus is a very firm and dedicated man …"
"Speak freely."
Acastus nodded.  "I am concerned."
"Elaborate."
"He seems to recognize the same problems that I see in Kobol's people.  Their lack of activity and motivation.  Their engrossment in diversions.  The over-reliance on Cylons."
"Yes?"
Acastus felt his mouth go dry and he licked his lips.  "I am concerned over his approach.  He believes that a return to devout worship will alleviate the problems.  His census and now his imposed virtual temple … I won't deny that some people may come around, but the majority of the people won't be swayed."
Apollo nodded.  "Agreed."
Acastus exhaled slowly.  "May I ask what this is about, Lord Apollo?"
Apollo didn't answer.  He piloted the dartship through the clouds and began a descent toward Delphi.  Moments later, he landed the craft outside of his home on the north side of the city.  He opened the door and motioned for Acastus to leave first.  He did and Apollo stepped ahead to open the door of his house.  Acastus entered slowly before Apollo closed the door and locked it.  "This way."
They walked down a marble hallway and entered the cavernous room at the far end.  It was a study, filled with thousands of books, ancient flags, ancient helmets, armor, and far more than Acastus could absorb at once.  "Wow," he said.
"Would you like something to drink, delegate?  Ambrosia or water?"
"Water, please."  He sat in a small chair next to a dented suit of armor.  It appeared to be bronze and there were burns along one side of the breastplate.  Apollo walked away from the bar and handed Acastus a glass.  "Thank you."
Apollo sat in a large leather chair opposite Stephen's.  "So we agree that my father's approach will likely fail in time.  What would you do?"
Acastus sipped the water and set it on the table by the armor.  "Honestly, Lord, I was at a loss.  I felt that we should establish limits on Stream usage.  But we would need to give people something else to do; something to motivate them.  I had hoped to petition Zeus to reopen the Hephaestus Institute and restart the space program."
Apollo shook his head.  "I doubt he would do that.  Are there still Cylons in the space program?"
"No, sir.  No Cylons and no humans.  There are low-orbit flights for high-end commercial air travel.  There were asteroid belt mining operations, but that was discontinued centuries ago when the need for those resources diminished."  
Apollo slowly sipped his ambrosia and watched Leto sit on the arm of Acastus' chair.  "He's the one, Apollo.  Tell him."
He leaned forward and looked at the delegate, "I need to confide something in you.  I need to ... say things that have never been said aloud on Kobol."
Acastus' eyes widened and he held his water glass tighter.  "Yes, Lord."
"It is imperative that everything I say to you be kept quiet.  That you repeat nothing."
Acastus nodded.  "Yes, Lord.  Of course."
Apollo looked to Leto again.  "Go ahead.  Tell him everything."
Apollo leaned back in the chair and breathed deeply.  "I'm going to need your help in the coming years.  If humanity is to survive, you must listen and obey me."
Acastus swallowed and braced himself for the information.  "Absolutely, Lord."
"To fully understand where we are now and where we're going, you have to know where we've been."  He downed the rest of his drink and cleared his throat.  "And that story starts a long time ago."
X
ZEUS
12,127 Years Before the Final Exodus

With a cough, Zeus awakened inside his resurrection pod.  He quickly slid the doors open and jumped out, spitting the gel onto the floor.  Naked and sticky, he ran to the computer and saw other incoming signals.
"No," he muttered.  "Still too soon."
He grabbed a towel and ran into the corridor as other pods began to slide open.  He slipped a little on the metal floor and he caught the rung of a ladder as he passed.  He climbed up two levels and crossed the hall to enter the control room.  
"Olympus, status."
The speakers resonated with the monotone of the computer.  "Charge incomplete.  All other systems nominal."
"Zeus," Leto said from across the room.
He darted from the console and threw his arms around her.  "I'm glad I told you to come aboard early."  Zeus kissed her passionately and returned to the situation table.  He wiped himself down and looked at the holograms of the nearby vessels.  "Identify other ships."
"Two Cylon patrol vessels are closing.  Two human vessels, Draco and Elektra, are preparing for departure.  Our sister vessel, Lemuria, is also prepping for departure."
As the computer finished speaking, Hephaestus ran into the room wiping the gel off his body.  "I don't think we're ready yet."
"I know."  Zeus pressed his hand onto the datastream panel.  Information flooded into his mind.  Nearly everyone was downloading into the resurrection bay.  "Olympus, prep for FTL jump."
"Spooling FTL," the computer responded.  "Attention, additional Cylon vessels are closing on this sector."
"Display," Zeus said.
The floating hologram shimmered, revealing five wedge-like vessels in formation closing on their position.  "Time to intercept?" Ares asked.
Zeus turned.  He didn't know his son was here already.  "Good to see you."
"Six minutes," Olympus responded.
Ares sat at a console and pressed his hand onto the induction pad.  "Olympus, prepare defensive measures."
Zeus stood and walked over to Ares.  "Are we going to be able to get out of here unscathed?"
"Probably."  He looked at his screens and shook his head once.  "Maybe.  Charged ablative hull plating is standing by.  TARIS countermeasures are ready.  We have plenty of Hydra missile batteries and a few nuclear warheads.  The nukes won't be good in close quarters, but the Hydras will do."
"Olympus," Hera said, "Display Larsa."
Zeus turned and walked over to his wife slowly.  Her towel was wrapped haphazardly around her waist and her hair still dripped goo.  "Hera."  He tried to hug her but she held a hand up.
The hologram above the situation table shimmered again, this time showing an image of the once-verdant planet Larsa.  The terminator bisected the globe near Zeus and the night side of the world was illuminated by nuclear explosions.  Plumes of smoke and atomic blasts continued to ripple across the entire planet, day and night.  There were dozens of strikes.  Just as the new detonations seem to slow, more followed and they increased in frequency.
"God," Leto said, holding her hands over her mouth.  Athena collapsed onto the floor in a tearful heap.
Tears welled in Hera's eyes, but she looked over at Leto and pushed her face into a scowl.  She grabbed Zeus' arm and pulled him closer, "You managed to secure her, I see."
He sighed, "Not now."  He wrenched his arm away and returned to his console.  As he walked, he saw more and more of his crew enter the control area.  All of them were dripping resurrection gel and gasping at the sight of their home planet being ravaged.
"The tin cans frakking did it," Prometheus said.  "Dear Lord, they did it."
Zeus felt the datastream in his mind again as he pushed his hands onto the panels.  "The Cylons are attacking the Elektra."  The hologram shifted.  A long vessel was struggling to leave a docking station, but seven small wedges were strafing the ship.  After a few moments, a small engine on the rear exploded, creating a cascading fireball.  Soon, the entire vessel was engulfed and the Elektra broke apart.
"Why won't they let us go?" Athena asked.  "They've won!"
The seven wedges moved toward the Draco.  After two Cylon vessels made attack runs, the ship vanished in a blink of light.
"Thank God," Prometheus said.
"Attention," Olympus said.  "Cylon vessels closing."
On the display, the nearby Lemuria rocketed away from the planet with its engines on full burn.  
"Why don't they jump?" Dionysus asked.
"Their FTL hasn't had time to spool up," Hephaestus said.  "Zeus, we have to jump soon."
He nodded.  In his head, he saw that the engines were almost ready.  "One minute from jump.  Everyone, go to your quarters or man your stations."  The crowd dispersed with some going to consoles on the control deck and others jogging into the hallways.
"Two Cylon vessels breaking formation," Olympus said.  "Bearing on Lemuria.  Its engines will be ready for a jump in sixty seconds."
"They won't make it," Ares said.
"Five Cylon vessels breaking off advance," the computer said calmly.
Ares' brow furrowed and he inhaled sharply, "Oh no."
A beeping sounded throughout the center and Olympus announced, "Radiological alarm.  Nuclear warhead closing."
"Brace for impact," Zeus said.  Most of the crew on the control deck sat down and leaned against walls or control panels.  A few closed their eyes tightly while others looked to the ceiling, expecting to hear something, but no sound came.  A moment later, the ship quaked and then lurched to one side.  The lights dimmed and then returned.  Most of the people had been thrown from their positions.  Zeus stood slowly and muttered, "Shit."
"We've lost the FTL!" Hephaestus yelled. 
Zeus looked across the room to his son, "Ares?  Are they leaving us alone?"
"Yes.  They didn't expect us to have that heavy shielding.  Wait, they're coming back."  He closed his eyes and pressed his hand onto a panel.  The holographic viewer shifted to reveal the Olympus.  Five Cylon fighters were looping back for another run at the vessel when three blinking dots left the ship.  All three struck Cylon fighters and their shapes vanished.  The other two Cylons completed their loop and were ready to fire again when two more missiles were fired, destroying them.
"Good work," Poseidon said.
"Hephaestus," Zeus said exhaustedly, turning in his chair, "can you give me full sublight engines?"
"As best I can," he said.
"Full burn, as soon as you're able."
Many of Zeus' people sat where they could or knelt on the floor, watching the monitors.  Cylon fighters swarmed over multiple ships in orbit of Larsa.  The Olympus, however, began to rocket away.  No Cylons seemed to be pursuing them.
Zeus spoke quietly, "How bad is it?"
Hephaestus didn't answer right away.  He sat still as though he was listening.  Then his eyes grew wide.  "Bad."
"How bad?"
"We've lost the spin-sync generator."
There was chatter among some of the people behind him and Zeus turned quickly.  "Quiet!"  They were shocked into silence.  Zeus shook his head, "Go to your quarters, please.  We'll keep you informed."  Begrudgingly, they began to amble into the corridor.  "Not you, Atlas.  You're a rocket scientist.  We might need you."
"Very well," he said, leaning against the wall.
Zeus turned and looked at Hephaestus again.  "That can't be fixed easily."
He shook his head.  "No."
An alarm buzzer sounded.  The display shifted to another vessel and Olympus spoke, "Lemuria under attack."  Olympus' sister ship was racked with explosions.  Debris broke from the bulk of the craft and it shattered under heavy weapons fire.  The stored energy from its damaged spin-sync generator was released at once and a blue-white plasma ring tore the vessel apart, destroying the nearby Cylon fighters, as well.
"Oh … no," Hephaestus muttered.  He lowered his face into his hands.
Zeus looked at Ares.  He shook his head and then looked back.  Zeus closed his eyes and saw the faces of the friends he had on board that ship.  People he had known for decades.  Slowly, he then glanced to Atlas who was staring at a monitor showing the glowing remnant of his home planet.  "Ideas?"
Nothing.  After a moment, Hephaestus cleared his throat and spoke, "I don't have the materials to fix it here.  No replacement parts, not the right tools …"
"There are probably parts floating around Larsa," Atlas said.  He was staring at the dust cloud that had been Lemuria.
"Not much help to us right now," Ares said.
"No, wait," Zeus held up a hand as he thought.  "We can … stay in interplanetary space for a time.  Come back in a few years if the fighting's stopped and salvage what we need."
Hephaestus shook his head.  "FTL is just too new.  We probably wouldn't find it … sufficiently undamaged … on any ships left behind."  Zeus kept looking at him.  Hephaestus inhaled slowly and turned his head, "Not that I have a better idea right now."
"Atlas?" Zeus said.
He shrugged, "I can put us on a slow trajectory around the sun.  How long should we wait?"
Ares inhaled as he thought, "Well, let's assume all parties on Larsa destroy themselves or die off, mostly, in the fighting and aftermath."  His head bobbed side to side.  "Ten years."
"You're joking," Hephaestus said.
"I'm not talking about landing on Larsa," Ares said.  "I'm talking about the combatants being either dead or so diminished they won't attack us."
Zeus nodded.  "Do it.  Put us on a ten-year round trip."
Hephaestus leaned in close and spoke softly, "We don't have the supplies for everyone to last ten years, Zeus.  Plus, psychologically, I don't think we could handle it."
Zeus looked absent-mindedly at Hephaestus' hand.  He became lost in the memories of human persecution, mechanical Cylons invading their cities and laying waste to their homes, being caught in the middle between the two warring factions as they sought solace in tiny villages around the world.  There was no escape from the war for years.  Either the humans or the tin cans brought the fighting to them every time they thought they were free.  Drifting for ten years would only exacerbate the wounds his crew had already suffered.  Add to that the friends on the Lemuria they just lost ...
"What do you suggest?"
Hephaestus looked around the room.  "Induce downloads.  Olympus can hold everyone's transfer until we arrive."
Zeus' began shaking his head, "But what about …"
"I know," Hephaestus said.  "Get her up here and we can talk about it."
Zeus placed his hand on the datastream pad and thought to Leto, "Come to the command center."  
Hephaestus spoke quietly.  "I know she was working on download patterns for children, but …"
"It's not ready yet."  He looked back at Hephaestus and spoke, "Can we program Olympus to awaken me when we get near the end of the loop so I can make sure everything's clear?"
Hephaestus nodded emphatically, "Absolutely.  Yes."
Leto entered the room and came to Zeus, "Yes?"
"Sit please," he said.  He motioned toward Hephaestus, "There's a problem."
Hephaestus leaned toward Leto's chair, almost unconsciously looking at her belly.  "The atomic blast took out our FTL.  We're going to have to orbit the sun for ten years while we wait for the field to quiet so we can fix the ship.  The only way we'll have enough supplies is for us to induce downloads and allow the system to hold the transfers until we get there."
Leto nodded slowly, understanding why she was called.  She wrapped her arm around her abdomen, cradling her children.  "What about Bia and Polemos?  They can help."
Zeus tipped his head forward and spoke softly.  "You weren't in command earlier?"  Leto shook her head.  "The Lemuria was destroyed."  
She gasped and put her hand over her mouth.  "My God."  Leto blinked rapidly and looked toward the ceiling.  "Bia, Arcas, Ersa, Metis … everyone?"
Zeus nodded.  He waited a few seconds for her to compose herself and then said, softly, "We don't know if any other ship up here right now has FTL."
She paused.  After a few moments, she nodded and said, "There's a biological stasis container in the medical bay."
"Will that be safe?" Zeus asked.
"Yes.  It should be."  She looked down and swallowed hard before continuing, "Best case, all three of us are fine.  Worst case," she inhaled and exhaled nervously, "I die, lose the babies, but I would still download."
Hephaestus looked uncomfortably from Leto to Zeus.  There was a long moment of silence.  Zeus looked at Leto's face but she avoided eye contact, instead concentrating on holding her stomach.  Hephaestus softly cleared his throat and tried to break the tension, "The power drain of the stasis container would be negligible.  We can deploy solar panels to be sure there's plenty of power for everything."
Zeus nodded slowly, still trying to catch her eye.  "Leto?"
She finally looked at him with her face solemn and her mouth drawn into a tight line.  "It's your ship, Zeus."
"You're the doctor.  Your decision."
Leto looked back down and began to nod again.  "It'll work.  I'll do it."
Zeus began to stand and Hephaestus slowly returned to his feet.  "Hephaestus, you'll set up Olympus to hold the transfers and preprogram the maintenance robots?"
He stretched his legs, "Yes.  I'll also tell Olympus to resurrect me if there are any problems."  
"Set up the system to resurrect me at the end of the orbit.  I'll perform the scans and wake you if I find anything.  Atlas," Zeus said, "you program the ten-year orbit."
"Will do."
"Ares, can you set up Olympus' defensive systems in case the Cylons or humans find us?"
Ares nodded slowly.  "Yes.  That shouldn't be a problem."
Zeus helped Leto to her feet and they stood, looking into each other's eyes.  Hephaestus glanced around the command center and saw that the others were watching.  "Zeus, it would be best if we got going on this now."
Zeus nodded and he began to guide Leto from the room.  They walked around the corner to the lift and almost entered it.  Zeus held her back and looked down the corridor, "Let's take that one."  Leto looked from the lift doors in front of her to the ones at the far end of the metallic hallway.  She couldn't object; Zeus had already begun to walk.  He didn't let on to Leto, but he knew that if they took the first lift, they would have to walk past Hera's quarters, and that was some drama Zeus wasn't willing to deal with right now.  
They got to the lift and took it two levels down.  Zeus kept his arm around her shoulders as they walked into the corridor and to the nearby medical bay.  Leto walked to the stasis unit and opened the door, removing a few specimen trays and fresh apples.  Zeus looked around the room, unsure of what to do.  He decided to gather a pillow and sheet from an exam bed.  He carried the bundle over to Leto while she stowed some equipment away.  The container was empty and she looked from it to the pillow and sheet Zeus held.  Her eyes welled up somewhat as she took the bundle.  Zeus didn't release it; instead leaning into her as a kind of makeshift hug.
"I love you," he said.
She sniffed and looked up into his face, smiling.  "I'll be fine."  She wiped her eyes with one hand and sniffled again, pointing to the controls on the wall.  "Once I'm in, you'll have to move this dial to 'alpha,' and then wait until the meter reaches blue.  When that happens, press 'activate.'  That's it."  
He was silent for a moment.  "And in ten years when it's time to wake up?"
She smiled, "'Activate' will change to 'deactivate' once it's fully engaged.  Just press it and I … should … revive."
Zeus nodded and his eyes lingered on the controls.  She reached over with one hand on his cheek, turning his face toward hers.  She kissed him gently on the lips and without looking into his eyes again, she climbed into the container and slid inside on her back.  She exhaled through pursed lips with the ceiling of the unit just a few centimeters above her nose.
"That's a tight fit," Zeus said.  "Will it …"
"I'm claustrophobic so quicker is better," she said in a tearful rush.
Zeus' throat clenched, hearing the fear in her voice.  He noticed the sheet and pillow gathered by her side and thought for a moment about stretching the sheet over her.  He then decided to close the door.  Air squeezed through the seals before a loud click came from either end of the long hatch.  He looked inside, but the light had gone out.  He reached up to the controls and turned the dial as she said.  A low blue light filled the container and he saw that Leto was quaking in sobs, her eyes closed tightly.  He tapped the panel, hoping the meter would turn blue more quickly.  After a few moments, it did and he pressed, 'activate.'
He leaned over and looked inside.  She was still crying but almost imperceptibly, her movements became slower.  He began to hear a beep and he looked up to see a life monitor engage above the container, showing her to be in good health.  Her breathing and sobs became slower and slower.  Finally, she stopped moving.  For a brief moment he panicked, and looked to the life monitor.  It still read green.  Sitting on the medical bay floor, he sat and watched Leto not move for several minutes.  A few stray tears fell from his eyes and he finally decided to stand.  
Two children rested inside of the woman he loved.  He wanted to give them the life they deserved but they wouldn't have had that on Larsa.  Somewhere else, there was a chance.  He loved Hera, too, he knew.  He tried to explain that to Leto once, unsuccessfully.  It was complicated.
Hephaestus came to the medical bay door and quietly spoke, "Zeus?"
Without looking at him, he answered.  "Yes."
"We're gathering in the resurrection bay.  Olympus is programmed.  We're," he walked into the room, looking into the stasis container at the immobile form of Leto, "we're all set."
Zeus finally looked away from Leto and to Hephaestus, wiping his face.  "Good.  Let's get going."
The two men left medical and crossed the corridor into the spacious resurrection bay.  Hera and Dione were working on the download computers while everyone else was standing near the same pods they had just emerged from a short while ago.  Hephaestus crossed the room and walked into Aphrodite's arms.  Zeus watched him hug her tightly before he looked to everyone else.  He saw Poseidon sitting on the edge of his pod; Ares, as well.  Hades was consoling Athena.  Dionysus was sobbing and holding his head low.  His mother, Semele, was on the Lemuria.  Zeus took in a deep breath and then he cleared his throat.
"I know there's a lot going on," he said, projecting his voice and making it sound deeper.  "There will be time to … process all that has happened once we return.  Hopefully, we'll be able to find the parts we need and be on our way to Earth."  The room was quiet and he saw nearly everyone looking down and forlorn.  "The third planet there is beautiful.  A wonderful world for us to start over.  When we arrive, we can get to work."
The down crowd began to nod their heads; some even lifted them higher.  Zeus walked to his pod, catching Hera's attention before he opened the doors.  "You'll want this," she said, holding out a syringe.  "Of course, I could do it for you."
Zeus saw no humor in her expression and he took the syringe.  "No, thank you."  He sat on the edge of his pod with his feet in the lukewarm gel and watched Hera and Dione distribute syringes to everyone.  
Prometheus was holding his hands aloft and he began to speak loudly, "Lord God, we humbly ask that you bless us all and this vessel on the voyage we're about to undertake.  We ask that you help others who were able to escape Larsa before the end.  May all we do in the forthcoming years be done in your name and according to your plan.  Amen."
Zeus tried not to roll his eyes.  Others around the room said, "Amen," too, before they slowly climbed into their pods.  Once the doors were shut, Zeus saw Hera staring at him from across the bay.  
They said nothing.
Finally, Hera removed her robe, exposing herself, slowly slid into the pod, and sealed the doors.  Everyone was in.  Olympus began to shut down lights and various systems.  Zeus sat in the goo and the doors closed.  He paused for a moment and held the end of the metal tube against his neck before pressing the button.  There was a brief sting and he felt relaxed.  Sleepy, even.  Before long, he passed out and then his body died.
When he reawakened, he slid open the doors and looked around the room.  It seemed just as it had a moment ago.  Then he realized he was sitting in a different pod.  He had been transferred to a new body.
He climbed out carefully and took a towel from the rack near the computers.  Pressing his wet hand onto a pad, he learned the time and date from the computer.  It had been over ten years.  Quickly, he walked across the hall and looked into the medical bay's stasis chamber.  Leto seemed fine and all of the readings were normal.
Zeus sighed and walked to his quarters, where he slid into a work jumpsuit.  After eating a ration bar, he went to the command center and sat at his console, placing his hands on the datastream panels.  Information flooded his mind: TARIS readings, various images from long-range telescopes and spectrographs, background radiation signals.  He tried to decipher it all but he didn't find anything that matched what he was looking for.
"Olympus," he thought.  "Adjust course to orbit Larsa.  Altitude, 500 kilometers."
"Adjusted.  Time to orbit insertion, eighteen hours."
Slumped onto the panel, Zeus was awakened by the lurching of the ship's engines.  The Olympus was completing its burn and was orbiting their once-beautiful home.  Zeus yawned and ran his hands over the panels again.  No new TARIS contacts.  Only debris.  Derelict ships.  Half-destroyed orbital stations.  But no fighters, either.
Morbid curiosity made him wonder about the surface of Larsa itself, but he didn't want to check.
Zeus rested his head on the console again.  What can I do?  All transponder readings and scans showed there were no other FTL-capable ships adrift in orbit.  They certainly couldn't go back to the surface.  He needed help.
XI
HEPHAESTUS
12,116 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I need your help."
Hephaestus was barely able to clear his throat before Zeus pulled him out of the pod and threw a towel over him.  His legs felt wobbly and he slid a little on the floor.  "What's going on?"
"It's been ten years.  I've run all of the scans and there's not another FTL ship out there."
Hephaestus nodded as he wiped the gel from his body.  "I was afraid of that."
Zeus walked to the bay's hatch and pushed it open.  "So what do we do?"
Hephaestus ambled to the entrance and into the corridor.  "How long have you been awake?"
"About five months."  For the first time, Hephaestus looked at Zeus, seeing the beard and the sheer weariness on his face.  
"Did you wake Leto?"
"No," Zeus said, dismissively.  "I want to be sure about everything before I do."
"She's fine, though, right?"
"Of course."
Hephaestus entered his quarters and found a jumpsuit like the one Zeus was wearing.  He slid into it and grabbed a few tools from his chest.  "Well, let me have a look around the planet and see what I can see."
Hours later, Hephaestus pushed himself away from the console and ran his fingers through his hair.  "Damn."
"Exactly."  Zeus was leaning back in his chair, nearly asleep.
"There's literally … nothing."
"What do you need to fix the FTL?" Zeus asked.
Hephaestus licked his lips and sighed.  "Well, ideally, a new spin-sync generator, but that doesn't seem to be a possibility."
"Can you make one?"
Hephaestus smirked.  "Maybe."  He shook his head.  "It'll be mighty hard.  I can scrounge some parts from some of these derelict ships.  I'd only need the cargo shuttle for that."
"Good."  Zeus sat up and put his hand on the induction pad.  "What about the actual repair?"
"That's the bigger problem."  Hephaestus knew what had to be said, but he didn't want to say it.  He had known Zeus for a century, and he knew that Zeus never liked to be told bad news.  He knew Zeus' reaction would not be good, but the truth is the truth.  "I need to put us into port to fix it."
"What?"
Hephaestus nodded.  "The damaged or destroyed parts have to be removed.  The coils need to be discharged to do the repairs and then recharged for launch."
Zeus leaned forward.  "But there's no orbital station left that can handle that."
"I know."
Zeus scoffed and shook his head.  "We can't land on Larsa."
"No, we can't," Hephaestus said.  "Not now."
Zeus narrowed his eyes.  "What do you mean … 'not now?'"
"We can remain adrift in space until the radiation levels out.  We program Olympus for ten-year-long free-return trajectories and as we pass, the ship can do a sweep of the radiation levels.  Once it drops below seven hundred milliGreds, it will be safe for us to land."
"But …" Zeus looked to the ceiling as he thought, "that could be thousands of years."
Hephaestus nodded slowly.  "I know."
"If that's the case, why don't we just head for Earth now?" Zeus asked.  "Go full burn subluminal the whole way?"
Hephaestus shook his head slowly, "Fuel is a problem for one thing.  For another, the path to Earth is not direct.  There's nebulae, star clusters, radiation clouds and who knows what.  If we stay within this system, we can be pretty sure of what we get."
Zeus stood and walked across the command center.  As he neared the hatch, he picked up a stool from a console and threw it across the room.  It hit a wall and fell to the deck.  Nothing seemed to be damaged.  He turned around and walked slowly back toward Hephaestus.  He had never taken his eyes off his own console.
"By the time the radiation levels have dropped, all of the spaceports on Larsa's surface will have deteriorated beyond usability."
Hephaestus spoke slowly and softly, "True, but I don't necessarily need a spaceport.  I need to park Olympus so that the energy discharge can take place safely and where life support won't be a problem.  I can worry about the recharge later."
Zeus closed his eyes and sighed.  "Can Leto's stasis bin last that long?"
"I believe so."  Hephaestus turned in his chair and stood up.  "Yes.  I'm certain it can.  I can program the download system to wake you if there's any problem with her readings."
"Our resurrection system has nine backups."  Hephaestus nodded as Zeus continued, "That should be fine, too."
"Agreed."
Zeus nodded.  He gritted his teeth and looked around the room.  After a moment, he shook his head and laughed.  "You know, I'm not certain why this should bother me.  A few thousand years … it's not like there's anyone waiting for us back home.  Or on Earth, for that matter."
Hephaestus smiled, "Good point."
Zeus slapped Hephaestus' shoulder, "Let's get to work."
XII
GANNAR
5,787 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was a warm day and the marketplace was crowded.  Gannar and his son pushed their way through the crowd to get to the front of the line.  Being from Makara, they spoke the same language as most of the merchants around them.  They were surrounded by people from Mesa and Mithuna.  A few Mina were there, too.  Kumbha was a new market for them all.  They spoke their own language and didn't share the tongue that the other four tribes did.  No matter.  Trade is trade.
Gannar brought his ten-year-old in front of him, "See that lamb?"  The boy nodded.  "It seems to be in good shape.  We'll trade some of our blankets for it."
"How many blankets, father?"
"I would guess they'll want three, but we'll offer two."  He opened his pouch and dug around to see what he brought.  Five blankets were left, each with very complex weaving and beautiful stones.  He even brought a set of goat horns.  Sometimes, the other merchants liked those, being that they were the symbol of Makara.
The farmer took notice of Gannar and waved him forward.  "You want lamb?"
Gannar nodded and removed a blanket from his sack.  "Yes.  Trade blanket.  Very good.  Very pretty."
The farmer nodded slowly.  He thought for a moment while he tried to remember the Makaran words.  "Two blanket?  For lamb?"
Gannar smiled and removed a second blanket from his sack.  He bowed and handed them both over.  The farmer checked them briefly and then handed Gannar's son the lead to the lamb.  "Good day," Gannar said.  The farmer nodded and looked to the next customer while Gannar and his son walked away.
"He really liked the blankets."
Gannar was still smiling, "Yes.  More than I thought.  Maybe they don't have that kind of thing in Kumbha."  They continued through the market and Gannar caught sight of a necklace merchant.  He was holding up strands of beads and shells.  Shells unlike anything Gannar had seen before.  They glistened and reflected beautiful colors.  He was entranced.
"Father?" his son asked.  "What is it?"
"Those necklaces," he nodded toward them.  "Your mother would like one."
The boy tilted his head.  "I'm sure she would.  But we have to get more goods and we have only three blankets left."
"You still have your sack, yes?"
His son looked over his shoulder.  The sack was still tied to his back.  "Yes, father."
"Good."  Producing a dozen or so ornate blankets took many months of time.  Not just raising the crops and harvesting them.  Threshing, cleaning, weaving, dyeing, sewing, bejeweling.  It required a lot of effort.  But these blankets would buy livestock, new seeds and plowing equipment, better clothes, weapons for hunting.  Gannar had to admit: he and his family were doing far better than he could have guessed after the droughts a few years ago.  They weren't hungry anymore.  Their lands were green.  Life was good.  So why not enjoy it?  Why not trade an ornate blanket for an ornate necklace and reward his woman?
Gannar walked to the necklace peddler and held aloft a blanket, "Trade?"
The peddler leaned forward and Gannar unfolded part of the blanket.  He raised his eyebrows and nodded.  Without saying anything, he motioned to the table where several different necklaces were arrayed.  Gannar studied them for a moment and chose the most colorful.  The peddler picked it up and placed it in Gannar's hands. 
"Good day," he said as he handed the blanket over.  The peddler nodded and continued his pitch in whatever language he spoke.
"Will mother approve of you spending a blanket for that?"
Gannar was still smiling.  "You will remember I was willing to spend three for the lamb.  We only spent two.  I used the extra for this gift."
The boy nodded.  "The sun is setting.  Can we go back to Norun?"
Gannar put his hand on his son's shoulder, "Yes.  It's been a good day."  They walked out of the Kumbhan village and saw their campfire in the distance.  By now, it was firmly night and the duo surprised the large man roasting rabbits over the flames.  "Norun!"
He whipped his head around, "Ah, Gannar.  Was it a good afternoon?"
Gannar motioned for his son to take the lamb into the small pen they had erected a few days before.  "It was good."
Norun rotated the spit.  "I don't know about these Kumbha.  They seem kind enough, but I don't know if their goods are worth the trip."
Gannar sighed, "I know what you mean.  We are a long way from home and we have few goods to show for it.  I doubt we will come again soon."
Gannar's son returned.  "He's playing with the other animals."
"That's good," Gannar said.  "Are you hungry?"
"Yes."
Norun pulled the rabbit apart and held it up to the flame.  "This looks finished."  He handed the chunk to the boy and he ate it quickly.  "Get some water from the jug there."
When the boy got up, Norun turned to Gannar and spoke softly, "I spoke to a Mesa friend of mine.  He says there are rumors of war between the Kumbha and the Dhanus.  Some sort of argument over an island both claim off shore to the south."
Gannar shook his head, "Then we definitely will not be coming back again.  War is no good for my business."
"But it is for mine," Norun said before taking a bite of the rabbit.
"You make bows and arrows.  Of course it's good for you."
"Hmm," Norun handed a piece to Gannar.  "The Dhanus have metal arrowheads, you know."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Then they are stronger than I imagined."  As he ate the rabbit, he looked up and tried to spot his son; he was playing with the animals in the small pen.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw something.
Looking to the northeast, he saw a point of light in the sky.  It grew larger and larger.  He stood to get the glare of the flames out of his eyes and he walked around the fire to get a better look.  Norun had seen it, too.
"What is that?" he said.
Gannar said nothing and he watched as the point of light grew bigger and began to arc across the sky from the east to the west.  His son stopped playing with the animals and he ran to his father's side.
"Father, what is that?"
Gannar was still silent.  It took several moments, but the light had moved into the northwest, closer to the horizon.  A sound now rumbled in the distance, following the sight slowly and moving off after the light.  By the time the last of the hushed roar faded, the light was completely gone.  "That seemed to move toward Makara."
Norun was afraid.  "Yes.  We should go home.  As soon as the sun rises."
They tried to go to sleep, but couldn't.  In the middle of the night, they watched as caravans of people – some on horses, some in makeshift wagons, some on foot – headed into the northwest after the light.  Norun and Gannar decided to pack up their camp and head out with them.
XIII
OLYMPUS
5,787 Years Before the Final Exodus

Radiometry standing by.
Stand by.
Stand by.
Radiation levels, sector seventy-two: six-hundred thirty-one milliGreds.
Average planetary radiation level: six-hundred ninety-seven milliGreds.
Begin landing protocols.
Awaken Hephaestus.
Orbit adjust.  Thrusters engaged.  Descent.
Stand by.
Stand by.
Alert.  TARIS report: debris.
Evasive action.  Ineffectual.
Impact.
Damage report.  
Stand by.
Control systems damaged.  
Thrusters remain engaged.  Descent rate increasing.
Falling toward planet.
Stand by.
Thrusters disengaged.
Stand by.
Descent rate beyond limits.
Sublight engines engaged.  Thruster systems engaged.  
Insufficient thrust.
Prepare for re-entry.
Charging forward thruster systems.  Charging reverse thruster system.
Stand by.
Skin temperature at one thousand six hundred degrees.
Stand by.
Skin temperature at one thousand seven hundred degrees.
Backup thruster system standing by.  
Maneuvering.  
Descent speed reduced.  
Skin temperature at one thousand five hundred degrees.
Ablative hull status nominal.
Active TARIS scanning.  
Adjusting course.
Stand by.
Plot landing course.
Altitude: two kilometers.
Stand by.
Altitude: one kilometer.
Engage reverse thrusters.
Altitude: six hundred meters.
Maneuvering thrusters.  Course correction.
Altitude: two hundred meters.
TARIS detects ground obstacles.
Course correction insufficient.
Altitude: one hundred meters.
Backup thrusters engaged.
Surface impact.
Catastrophic systems failure.
Obstacle impact.
…
SYSTEM REBOOT.
Status report.
Location: Larsa surface.
Massive system failures.
Damage report compiling.
Standing orders to awaken Zeus upon arrival.  Cancel.  System damage.  Affect repairs.
Standing orders to awaken Hephaestus if damage or other difficulty is encountered.  Cancel.  System damage.  Affect repairs.
Damage report complete.  Damage extensive.  Affect repairs.
XIV
GANNAR
5,786 Years Before the Final Exodus

They reached home before they found … whatever it was.  He left his son with his wife, gave her the lovely necklace, and headed west with Norun.  After days of travel, they came to a great plain.  They passed through the forest and descried in the mists of early morning the mountains that formed the western borders of Makara.
From the hills to the east, Gannar and Norun's eyes followed a gouge in the soil.  As though plowed by giant farmers, the gouge ran for leagues in the east across the plains and into the foothills of the Kalin Mountains in the west.  
Norun and Gannar stood still.  Their beasts of burden brayed, though they did not steady them.
"What is this?" Norun asked, quietly.
Gannar swallowed loudly and traced the line in the ground to the mountain and back again.  "I wish I knew."
He took the first step down the hill.  They walked into the plain and after some time, they saw that they were not the only ones drawn to the site.  They encountered the people who left Kumbha weeks before on the periphery.  Hundreds more had gathered closer to the mountain, forming camps and a makeshift village.  One man held a knife to the throat of a bound bird, beseeching the clouds for guidance.  A group of women were kneeling toward the mountain, moaning in unison something in their native tongue.
"What do they worship?" Norun asked.
Gannar shook his head and he looked into the Kalin Mountains.  There, sitting aloft the high peaks, smoke poured from a tarnished silver shape.
"That."
Gannar and Norun passed the larger fires in the center of the camp and came to rising slopes at the bottom of the foothills.  They looked up at the shape lodged part of the way up the highest peak.  It was silver, though Gannar could make out what appeared to be burns or holes, even.  Steam or smoke rose from a large cylinder in the rear of the shape.  A smaller peak seemed to have impaled one part of it, helping to hold it in place.  Staring at it simply confused Gannar, and he shook his head.
"Bewildering," a stranger said.
"Yes," Gannar muttered.  Norun was still staring at it.
"Did you see it come down?" the woman asked.
He turned to look at her.  She was tall.  A scar ran along her jaw and she carried a bow and quiver on her back.  Gannar lowered his head out of respect before speaking again, "I did.  I was doing business in the south with the Kumbha.  We came north as quickly as possible."  She nodded and looked back to the mountain, but Gannar pointed toward the bow, "Pardon me, but are you from Kanya?"
She nodded.  "Yes."
"I did not know that our tongue was used in Kanya."
"It isn't, really."  She turned away from the mystery and walked toward the nearest fire.  "I trade often with the Mithuna.  They taught me."
Gannar nodded and watched as she pulled a stick with a cooking bird carcass from the flame.  "I see many people here from many tribes.  How many do you count?"
She looked around, "I counted seven earlier.  I'm sure more will come.  The light was seen across the world."
Norun returned to Gannar's side.  "What do you think?  What is it?"
Gannar turned to the woman, "Has anyone here seen anything?"
She took a bite and shook her head.  "Just smoke.  There was a man earlier who claimed to have seen it crash and skid into the mountain, but he was mobbed by the people wanting to know more.  He left."
Norun glanced back, "Have the gods come among us?"
Gannar grinned, "Which ones?"
The woman laughed loudly.  "Yes, which ones?  Mine?  Yours?"
Norun shrugged, "I don't know."
The woman held the stick out to Gannar and he tore a small piece of the bird off.  He sat down by the fire and watched the shape.  As he chewed, he looked around at the crowd.  It seemed as though it had grown just since he arrived a short while ago.
Norun sat down next to him.  "What do we do now?"
Gannar glanced to the Kanyan and then back to his friend.  "We wait."
XV
HEPHAESTUS
5,623 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was slow, but Hephaestus began to feel as though he was awake.  He opened his eyes and found himself in a new body.  Again.  This would be the seventeenth time he was awakened by Olympus to deal with some sort of system malfunction or damage.  
Wait.  He could swear he was awakened just moments before.  He got out of his pod and was in the corridor … what happened?  Was that a dream?
When he sat up, the pod doors slid open and he coughed a few times, removing the gel from his mouth and lungs.  As he caught his breath, he looked around the resurrection bay and saw no one else stirring.
"Frak," he said as he climbed from the pod.  The floor was cold and he slipped a little walking to the clothes racks along the wall.  He wiped himself off and grabbed a robe.  As he did, he noticed that the air … smelled different.  At first, he thought it was his imagination.  
He looked around the bay.  All of the pods, except for his, were closed.  It was mostly dark; only a few lights were on.  The computer displays were on … but there were only a few readings.  He ran across the floor and began to read.  Only a few lifesigns were present in the pods.
"What is going on," he said to himself as he pressed his hand onto the datastream pad.  "Oh, shit."
He backed away from the panel and left the room.  His eyes were wide open and he slowly walked down the corridor to his quarters.  He brushed his hand along the walls, sensing for the first time the slope of the vessel.  Once inside his room, he surveyed the damage.  Books, art, luggage.  Everything had been tossed about and Aphrodite's clothes were strewn from the door to the far wall.  After a moment, he found a work jumpsuit.  Zipping it up and sliding into boots, he sighed deeply and walked back into the corridor toward the ladder.  
Next to the ladder, he saw bones.  His own.
Hephaestus stood still for a few moments and regarded them.  It felt odd seeing where he died.  He seemed to remember now.  He was climbing the ladder when the ship rocked violently.  He must have fallen and broken his neck.
Gingerly, he stepped over the remains and grabbed the ladder.  He climbed up two levels to the command center.
He walked inside the darkened room and found his station.  Pressing the induction pad, the lights were activated and the holographic viewer clicked on.  "Display the ship."  He turned in his chair and held his face in his hands.  He knew this would not be pretty.
The viewer constructed a representation of the Olympus lodged in the face of a tall mountain more than a kilometer above the ground.  A smaller ridge had been sheared and now supported the aft section of the vessel.  The hologram rotated, showing that the forward sections of the vessel had been compressed or outright destroyed.  Mostly cargo areas.  Hephaestus didn't concern himself with that.
"Atmospheric status."
Olympus responded, "Atmospheric systems have been shut down.  Ventilation with the external atmosphere is providing life support."
Hephaestus involuntarily took in a deep breath.  That's why the air smelled different.  He looked back at the hologram.  "Where are we?"
"Near the northwestern shore of Galatia among the Cambunian Mountains on the surface of Larsa."
Hephaestus' eyes narrowed.  "Radiation levels?"
"In the sector we are currently occupying, five-hundred forty-four milliGreds."
"Olympus, …" he almost didn't know where to begin.  "Olympus, what systems did you repair first?"
"Power systems and generators.  Lines were re-routed and restored.  Automated repair units bypassed much of the damage to allow continued function of most of the vessel's systems."
"Why are there so few lifesigns in the resurrection bay?"
"System damage caused life support for the bodies to be terminated.  The models were recycled.  Once sufficient repairs were complete, more were grown and prepared.  You were awakened first, as per your orders."
Hephaestus nodded.  As he was about to speak again, he felt a knot in his stomach.  "What is the status of the stasis containment chamber in the medical bay?"
The hologram shimmered and displayed the normal life functions of someone in stasis.  "You placed a priority on maintaining that unit.  Power was not diverted.  There was a momentary power interruption at the time of the crash with no ill effects."
Hephaestus exhaled slowly.  He wouldn't awaken her yet.  That should be Zeus' job.  "Olympus, are there any remaining structural breaches?"
"Yes," it said.  "Severe breaches in the aft compartments.  Severe breaches in the forward compartments.  Multiple decks forward of section three have been destroyed or damaged beyond repair."
"And how is our position here atop the mountain?"
There was a pause.  "Please elucidate."
"Is the ship in danger of falling off this rock face?"
"At present, no.  Automated repair units have reinforced our position.  Grapplers have been attached to the upper hull and implanted into the mountainside."  The hologram shifted to show the vessel again, but the view changed to illuminate the claws in the surface of the mountain.
Hephaestus stood.  He knew more, but he didn't know what to do.  Still.  "Olympus, is a Zeus model standing by for resurrection?"
"Yes."
"Wake him."
XVI
LETO
5,623 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I'm claustrophobic so quicker is better," she said in a tearful rush.
She closed her eyes and sobbed.  She tried counting, waiting for the sleep to come.  It didn't and she gave up counting.  What was going to happen?  She wrapped one hand around her stomach, holding her babies, hoping they could give her strength.  She cried again when the blue light came on.  Her chest felt tight and this did not give her comfort.  She felt the need to panic.  Yes, panic made sense.  She tried to lift her hand to press against the door and found she couldn't move her arm.  She couldn't turn her head, either.  What was going on?
She blinked and tried to reach again for the door and found it open.  Arms were reaching in and she stretched to take them.  Strong hands took her and pulled her out.  Without looking, she buried her face onto his shoulders and began to cry.  "It didn't work."
"What do you mean?" Zeus said.
She looked up and saw that Zeus had a full beard.  He hadn't a few moments ago.  He was wearing a work jumpsuit, somewhat dirtied.  Not what he was wearing before.  "I don't understand."  She sniffled.
Zeus smiled, "It's fine.  We're … safe."  
Leto was stunned.  She glanced back at the stasis chamber and then at Zeus.  "It felt … I could swear I never went under."
"Well, you did."  He smiled and hugged her again.  "Now, there's work to do and I need your help."
She wiped the tears from her face and nodded.  "Yes.  What do you need?"
"What don't we need?" Hephaestus said from the door.  Leto smiled at him but he didn't return the gesture.  He looked exhausted.
"I don't understand."
Zeus sighed and began to walk out of the medical bay, holding Leto's hand.  "We're on Larsa."  Before Leto could object, Zeus interrupted her, "It's been sixty-five hundred years since the war and radiation levels are bearable."
"You're joking."
Zeus hugged her again, "No, dear, I wish I were."  
"What's the problem?"
"Our descent wasn't exactly textbook.  Olympus hit something in orbit and we crashed."
"My God."
"The ship is firmly lodged along a ridge of mountains," Hephaestus said in the corridor.  "I doubt we'll ever be able to get it out."
Leto nodded.  "Very well.  So what do we do?"
"Hephaestus may have doubts," Zeus said, looking over his shoulder at him, "but I don't.  I think we can make this bucket fly again."
"Why wouldn't we just settle here?"
"Other than the radiation," Zeus grinned, "there's been a rather … surprising complication."  Without saying anything else, Zeus led her and Hephaestus down the corridor to the lift.  They stepped inside and went up to the command center.  Zeus gently maneuvered her by the shoulders to sit down in front of the hologram viewer.  "Olympus, display the camp."
The viewer blinked on and a large clutch of people appeared.  Leto sat forward with her mouth hanging open.  There were huts, market buildings, families.  Zeus reached into the image and pulled his hand, moving the picture.  What seemed to be a priest and kneeling worshippers came into view. 
"What the frak," she whispered.
"Exactly," Zeus said.  He knelt down beside her.  "Humans.  They've rebounded, obviously."
The center was quiet for a time and she just watched the people go about their business.  "Are they really humans?"
"Yes," Hephaestus said.  "I snuck down there one night and managed to take a few samples.  They're not Psilons."
Leto's surprise morphed into professional curiosity, "What about genetic damage?  The radiation should …"
"Radiation levels have mostly subsided," Zeus said.  "From what we can tell, the plant life has rebounded sufficiently and so has animal life, including the humans."
"Whatever genetic issues they may have had seem to have worked themselves out, mostly," Hephaestus added.
Zeus added, "Either by sterility or … a slew of congenital defects."
Leto nodded.  "Fascinating.  I would love to study those samples."
"They're still in the medical bay," Hephaestus said.
Leto leaned back, "So we're going to leave?  Let them have this world?"
Zeus nodded, "It would solve many problems if we did leave.  Residual radiation being just one of them."
"But these people," Leto said, pointing at the viewer, "if we went down there, they would …"
"Be scared out of their minds," Zeus said.
"Probably.  If we repair the ship and leave, we'll leave them … well, I guess we'll just leave them with a mystery for the ages."
"That was my thought," Zeus said.  "If we can get Olympus going, we can go to Earth and just start over.  Finally do what we all talked about."  He motioned toward the display, "Who knows what kind of society they have out there these days."
Leto leaned back in her chair and shook her head at the image.  The viewer had zoomed out, showing the entire settlement.  Thousands of people must live there.  "How long before we can fix the ship?"
Hephaestus laughed.  "Years.  If we're lucky."  He placed his hand on the induction pad and the hologram changed to show a diagram of the Olympus.  "The forward cargo sections were compressed and destroyed ahead of section three.  If we keep the bulkheads closed, we should be able to extract the ship.  Once we're out of the mountain, we might be able to create a second forward hull."
"God," Leto said.
"Yeah.  Years."
Zeus sat in a chair across from Leto, "Maybe years.  This is where you come in.  If we're going to be working, we need more help.  I need you to wake up Hermes, Hades, and Poseidon."
"To help with the repairs."
"Yes."
 "Why haven't you awakened them?"
"The resurrection bay lost power after the crash," Hephaestus said.  "All of our backups in the pods died.  Olympus managed to grow a copy of myself, Zeus, and Hera before I was awakened."
Leto looked at Zeus and asked quietly, "You didn't awaken Hera?"
Zeus walked over to her and held her shoulders, "No."
She smiled and leaned forward to kiss him.  It didn't last long before Hephaestus spoke again, "We're almost out of food.  We lost most of our ration supplies in the crash."
Zeus nodded, "Yes.  A Demeter body isn't ready yet, so we'll need you to go over the food stores we've managed to salvage and see what you can do about getting us more.  Grow some in hydroponics or something."
"I'm a medical doctor, but I'll do my best."
Zeus smiled broadly.  "I know you will."
XVII
HERA
5,621 Years Before the Final Exodus

When Hera first awakened, one of the first things she heard was the sound of Zeus' children crying.
She emerged from the pod, dripping, like everyone else.  A towel was waiting for her.  Zeus was not.
Others around the resurrection bay were wiping themselves down and greeting one another, curious as to where some of the others were.  Hera slid into a robe and watched Leto try to quiet her two children.  They seemed to be about two and the girl was crying.
"Artemis, please," Leto said.
Hera stared at them.  Glared at them.  Leto turned to the panel and checked the readings.  She turned back when Aphrodite stooped over to greet the boy.
"Aren't you the cutest thing ever?" she said.  Loudly.
The boy grinned and clung to Leto's leg.  "His name is Apollo."
Hera glared at the boy.  She glared at the girl.  Those three people.  They caused her no end of heartache.
On Larsa, Zeus insisted he wasn't having an affair.  Insisted.  They had been married for more than a century, why couldn't she trust him, he said.  Indeed.
She knew there was a doctor at the research institute.  Hera knew her name.  She never imagined that the woman would be invited along.  When the Cylon invasions began, they all met to plan out their escape.  Hera noticed the young woman.  She also noticed her protruding belly.  Zeus had to come clean.
"I lied."
"I know you frakking lied," Hera said.
Zeus rolled his eyes.  "What do you want me to say?  Do you want me to repent, disavow any feelings I have for her and our unborn children?"
"Plural?" Hera said incredulously.  "That's fantastic."
"I won't do it," Zeus said.  "I love them."
Hera was too angry to cry.  She started to leave the conference room when Zeus yelled, "I love you still.  Can't you see that?"
"How can you say that?" she asked from the door.  It was raining outside.  "How can you dare say that to me?"
Zeus was quiet for a moment.  He spoke softly, "I've secured a place for you on the Olympus, haven't I?  If I didn't love you, why would I have done that?"
Hera was fuming.  Too angry to think or rationalize.  She stormed out into the rain.
Now aboard the Olympus, alive when she knew billions of her fellow Larsans – both human and Psilon – were dead, she stared at Leto and tried not to think about killing one more.
Ares was about to leave the room when he stopped at the door, looking at the children.  He looked back at his mother.  Hera was still dripping.  Still glaring.  Ares glanced from her to the floor and then he walked out into the corridor.
He was always his father's son, Hera thought.
She finally walked out of the room, avoiding eye contact with Leto.  The boy smiled and waved, but Hera ignored him.  She looked down the corridor and tried to remember where her quarters were.  After a moment, she recalled and turned to the left.  Once inside, she saw all of her belongings tossed about the room.  Her clothes were hanging on furniture, sprawled across the bed and tables, and even hanging from the ceiling.  
"What the frak?"
This was too childish, even for Zeus.  Something must have happened.  She found something to put on and she slid into the clothes, neglecting to wipe the rest of the gel from her body.  She plopped onto the bed, remembering their time together at the beginning.  They were both children of a Cronus and a Rhea; same models, different individuals.  There was an indefinable spark between them when they met.  They didn't care about whatever taboos they broke.  They were in love.
She forced herself not to smile at the memories.  She stood and marched to the lift, taking it to the command center.  Zeus was sitting inside.
"What's going on?" she asked.
He didn't turn.  "More than you know."
"We have to talk."
Zeus sighed, "About what?"
"The two new additions to our crew."
He swiveled in his chair to meet her steely gaze.  "Hera, I honestly do not have time … or the patience … to discuss this with you right now."  He immediately turned back around and placed his hand on the datastream pad.
Hera inhaled deeply.  Exhaled slowly.  Speaking more calmly than she felt, she said, "When will be the time to talk about this?"
Without turning, Zeus said, "I don't know.  No time soon, that's for certain."
Disgusted, Hera left the command center and returned to her quarters.  She wanted to sit and cry, but she couldn't.  The rage welled up inside again.  Her eyes darted around the room, catching the scattered clothes and such.  No tears.  No yelling.  She cleaned up, instead.
XVIII
TENUR
5,621 Years Before the Final Exodus

"We praise and beseech you," he said.
"Praise and beseech," the crowd responded.
The priest turned and bowed toward the peaks visible through the open wall.  The feathers and chains adorning his headdress brushed the rock altar by his side and he stood erect again.  "Great Sky God.  Your flaming stone has rested among the mountains for many years.  We only ask that you bless us with your presence."
"Bless us," the crowd responded.  
"Go forward," he said, "and spread the word of the Sky God in your daily work."
With that, they stood and began to leave the hut.
Tenur removed the headdress and placed it on the ceremonial table before leaving the hut himself.  He walked by the flame in the center of the village and gave a peddler a lovely stone for a small pheasant.  He placed it on a spit and arranged it by the fire.
Tenur moved to the far side of the flame and walked closer to the foothills.  A throng of hundreds were seated on the grass.  Many were simply watching the mountain for a sign.  Others were actively bowing.  He walked behind the group and ducked into the large wooden structure that housed the tribal council.
"Priest Tenur, welcome," the eldest said.  He was from Simha and he led the meetings.  A few other elders were there, but not all twelve.
"Elder Gadel.  How go things?"
"Things go well," he smiled.  He stood and walked toward the door by Tenur's side.  "Any stirrings from the Sky God's chariot?"
"Chariot?" Tenur asked.  "Is that what you believe it is?"
"Yes.  The Dhanus say it seems to be made of metal and metal could make a good chariot."
Tenur nodded and looked at the mountain.  "No, Elder.  No stirrings.  None for years."  Decades ago, loud noises, smoke, and many other sights and sounds were witnessed by the gathered people.  Word went out that the shape was moving.  Perhaps even speaking.  More people came. A few tried to climb toward it and most fell to their deaths.  One got close and a dreadful noise erupted from it, scaring him back down.  
"The City of the Gods continues to grow, Priest."  Gadel shaded his eyes while he looked into the mountains.  "We have farms starting in the outlying fields. Fishermen from Mina, Kumbha, and Karka have set up docks on the far side of the mountains.  It is now the largest village in the known world."  The settlement held more than twenty thousand people.  Twelve tribes witnessed the falling figure and they were all represented here.
Tenur nodded.  "Indeed.  Everyone wants to be near the Sky God."
"Yes.  Curiosity is a powerful thing."
Tenur turned back, "More than curiosity.  More.  The people need this kind of leadership.  After ages of worshipping the sun, the sea, the wind … People need to see to their gods.  And now we have something.  One day, it is my hope that the gods will descend and lead our people into a better age."
"'Better?' How?"
Tenur put a hand on Gadel's shoulder, "Better in every way."
Tenur thought about that conversation as he ate the pheasant later.  He sat on the northern side of the fire so he could see the "chariot," as Gadel called it.  When he finished, he tossed the bones of the small bird into the fire and bowed toward the mountain, offering the bones as a sacrifice.  Later that night, after another worship service, Tenur returned to the fire to sit watch longer.  
He climbed the mountain in the morning.  The rocks were cold and slippery, but he held on.  He dangled precariously from time to time, but he reached the shape resting on the ridge and pressed into the highest peak.  He walked inside and saw that the walls and floors were made of gleaming stones and the brightest metals.  The chairs were covered in beautiful furs.  And then the gods appeared.  So stunning he could barely look at them.  He fell to his knees and prostrated himself before them.  And then one of them touched his shoulder.
He awoke.  He looked up and saw the mountains shining in the moonlight.  The central fire was dying down and he was surrounded by hundreds of worshippers.  Everyone was asleep.  He stood and prepared to go back to his hut to finish sleeping, but he wanted to see the "chariot" again before he did.
He stepped over people and made it to a clearing.  Tenur covered the moon with one hand to look into the mountain without the glare.  He saw the shape in the same place it always was.  Its silver surface nearly blending in with the surrounding rock, though shinier, thanks to the moonlight.
He stood still for a moment, just looking.  As he was about to leave, he heard footsteps on rocks to his left.  Tenur turned and saw a woman.  She was wearing dark clothing that clung to her body.  Unusual objects were attached to her side and her hair was pulled back.  In the moonlight, he saw that she was beautiful and she quietly walked toward him with a wide smile.
Tenur knew: this was one of the gods.
XIX
ATHENA
5,621 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Humans are repopulating the planet," Zeus said.  Everyone had gathered in the large conference room and Zeus decided to break the news to everyone at once.
"What do you mean?" Demeter asked.
"Just what I said.  Humans have risen from the ashes of Larsa."
"Wait," Dione said.  "Actual humans or … Psilons?"
Zeus said, "Humans."
There was a heavy pause and silence.  "How primitive are they?" Dionysus finally asked.
Hephaestus spoke up, "They've advanced beyond the Stone Age, but not by much.  They have some metal smithing ability.  At this point, they are a loose collection of tribes."
"Collection, being the operative word," Zeus began.  "Apparently, Olympus' return was rather spectacular.  There are more than twenty thousand people gathered into a village below the mountains."  Murmuring in the crowd.  "And they can be seen bowing toward us at various times of the day."
Dionysus laughed.  "You're joking."
Zeus shook his head, "No.  I wish I was."
Prometheus softly interjected, "We cannot contaminate these people."
"'Contaminate?'" Zeus asked.
Prometheus inhaled deeply and began to speak, "These people are like … clean slates.  The fires that were unleashed upon Larsa have wiped away all traces of our errors and sins.  From those ashes, these people have sprung."
"I'm still not following," Poseidon said.
"We should treat them as though they are a new people on a newly discovered island.  We should let them develop on their own."
"I agree," Dione said.
"This is a chance for the race to redeem itself in the eyes of God," Prometheus said.  "We shouldn't remain."
Zeus raised his eyebrows, "I agree, but for different reasons.  Hephaestus and I have been working for some time on a plan, and I think we've got it."  He motioned toward the engineer and he stood. 
"We've been reinforcing the forward sections of the ship as much as possible.  We've also been working on repairing our engines.  We salvaged parts from derelicts in orbit and that should be enough.  Once we've got everything working as well as possible, we crowd into the most central areas of the ship and we jump out of here."
"Will the ship take that kind of stress?" Hestia asked.
"Whoa, jump where?" Antaeus interrupted.
"High orbit," Zeus said.  "And then we jump to Earth."  This did not please the crowd.  Several scoffed.
"Why can't we just live here?" Hestia asked.
"Radiation levels still aren't optimal for us.  Plus, like Prometheus said, we would be contaminating the population.  We need to let them find their own direction," Zeus replied.  Apollo tried to talk but Leto hushed him.  Artemis sat on her mother's other knee, quiet, as usual.
"They're already contaminated," Antaeus said.
"Yeah, why can't we just pick an out-of-the-way island or something and settle there?" Hades asked.
"And what will we do when they start sailing the oceans in earnest in a few hundred years?" Hephaestus asked.  "We'll be there, living with our fancy technology,  …"
"Actually, dear," Aphrodite said, "given that our technology just got finished killing several billion people, I would be fine to do without technology for a while."
Hermes laughed, "Agreed."
Zeus raised his hands, "Look.  The humans below are contaminated to a point, yes.  But for us to remain, for us to go down the mountain and mingle with them would contaminate them irreparably.  No one can do this."  
Athena was disappointed.  For weeks thereafter, she watched and observed the humans below.  She tried to tune the sensors to pick up their languages.  She heard bits and pieces.  Being a linguist, she was fascinated by the chance to study primitive tongues.  She couldn't help it.  She hoped she could trace a line from the languages spoken on Larsa millennia ago to the ones being spoken now.
A full month after Zeus' decree, she strung a rope down from Olympus and rappelled to the foothills.  A small hike later, and she was among the people.  It was the middle of the night and no one was awake.  She felt as though the journey was a waste.  Pointless if there was no one to speak to.  She watched from boulders several dozen meters away from the nearest people.  A large fire was getting low and huts and other buildings extended as far as the eye could see.  Athena was ready to go back to her rope and slide up on the climbing device she created when she saw a man stir.
This was the priest, she thought.  Athena had seen him before.  Yes; covered in shells, feathers and other ornate accoutrements, this was the priest.  She slowly stepped away from the boulders as he looked up the mountain.  She tried to walk slowly, so as to not frighten him.  When she got closer, she realized that her stealthy movements may frighten him anyway.  She paused, trying to decide what to do when he turned and saw her.
They said nothing.
Athena smiled.
The priest waited a moment and fell to the ground, waving his hands toward her.  She stepped to his side quickly and put a hand on his shoulder, "Teia gou."
The man stopped whimpering and looked up slowly.  He saw her kind features and smile.  He glanced around and saw no one else stirring and he rose very calmly.  The priest was the same height as Athena and she lowered her head a little to make eye contact with him.  
"Teia lon," he replied.
Athena was confused.  She thought "teia gou" was the customary greeting.  She looked at the priest and said again, questioningly, "Teia gou?"
The priest was hesitant but he motioned with both hands toward the starry sky.  "Lon."  He looked back at Athena and said again, "Teia lon."
Athena understood.  She formed a circle with her hands and made a slow rising motion, "Gou?"
The priest smiled and nodded, "Gou!"
Athena sighed and the priest stopped smiling.  He looked toward the mountain.  "Djevas?"
Athena didn't know what that meant, so she simply shrugged.  
He pointed to Olympus and then to her, "Djevas?"  She didn't respond and he motioned with expanding arms above his head.  He then brought his arms toward her and bowed to her.
Athena looked up, "Sky?"
"Djevas."
"Sky."  She paused and thought.  He's a priest.  "Sky God?"
The priest motioned and bowed toward her again, "Djevas."
Athena sighed.  She wasn't interested in being worshipped; she simply wanted to learn.  She took his hands to get his attention.  When he looked up, she touched her chest.  "Athena."
He looked on quietly, "Ah-fee-na?"
She nodded and smiled, "Athena."  She then motioned toward him with a questioning look on her face.
He touched his chest, causing his necklaces to clink, "Tenur."
She smiled, "Tenur."
The priest said, "Athena," quietly.  He looked her up and down, trying to figure out what she was wearing.  He looked to the ship again and then back at her excited face.  He laughed.  "Minerva!"
XX
POSEIDON
5,617 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I told you it was beautiful here," Poseidon said to his brothers as they walked across the field toward the lake.
"No question," Hades said.  The three of them scanned the horizon.  The green field rolled from one side to the other and a herd of wild horses galloped away from the intruders.
"If Hephaestus doesn't pull through, this would not be a bad alternative," Zeus said.
"You know, it was almost worth being crammed in that dartship to come here," Hades said.  He leaned over a large rock and dipped his hand into the lake.  He pulled it to his mouth and sipped.  "So good."
"Illyria used to be our home.  No human settlements at all now?" Zeus asked.
Poseidon shook his head.  "None.  If there were a few thousand years ago, they must have died out for one reason or another."
"Radiation?" Hades asked.
"Likely," Poseidon said.  "Hera says she thinks the humans we're seeing now were part of a group that survived the holocaust in the southern part of Scythia."
"Makes sense," Zeus said.  "Farthest away from most of the population and, therefore, most of the bombs."  He looked across the horizon.  He sniffed the air and grinned before jerking his head back toward Poseidon, "No ruins at all?"
Hades shook his head.  "Most of the structures would have eroded or rusted away after just a couple of thousand years."  Hades pulled a small foil bag from his pocket and opened it.  "There's only a few things left.  The ancient stone temples at Fardan and the Founders monument on Atlantis."  Taking a few pieces of food out, he handed it to Zeus.  "Dried fruit."
"Thanks," he ate a piece and knelt by the lake.  In the distance, the horses whinnied again and their heads turned to watch them.  After eating another piece, he looked at Hades, "You're working with Hephaestus closest.  Do you think he can succeed?"
Hades sighed and swallowed what food he had left in his mouth.  "I don't know, Zeus.  I really don't."  He glanced at Poseidon, but he was still watching the horses.  "If anyone could do this, it would be Hephaestus.  But … seriously, you wouldn't believe how much work there is to do."
"I know.  I see his reports.  I've visited the forward sections."
Poseidon stood facing away from his brothers.  The smile on his face was almost giddy.  He squinted to keep the horses in focus and he watched the herd turn.  A black and brown mass of hair and muscle, turning with the hills and galloping at great speeds with the slightest changes in direction.  Poseidon found it captivating.  He was entranced by the power and grace of their movements.  He couldn't look away.
"Poseidon?" Zeus asked.
"Sorry.  What?"
Zeus and Hades laughed.  "It's fine," Zeus said.  "I just asked when you thought the satellites would be ready for launch."
"Oh," Poseidon reluctantly turned from the horses and faced his brother.  "That's really a question for Atlas, but he said they'd be finished within a week."
"And you believe him?"
Poseidon shrugged.  "I have no reason not to."  He watched Zeus nod slowly and Poseidon laughed.  "What is it now?"
"Atlas.  I don't quite trust him."
Hades laughed.  "Oh, come on.  You can't distrust everyone who doesn't fawn over you."
Zeus seemed genuinely shocked.  "That's not … I don't do that."
Poseidon began to nod.  "Yes, you do."  
Hades stood up and stretched his legs, "Take Prometheus."
"Exactly," Poseidon said.
"Now, wait," Zeus said, holding up his hands.  "Prometheus really does have it in for me."
Hades smacked Zeus on the back, "See?  If you think he has it in for you, why'd you bring him on the Olympus?"
Zeus tilted his head to one side and inhaled sharply, "Because he's the best in his field."
"I don't know.  I'm thinking we could have done without a sociologist," Poseidon said.
"What about Hera?" Zeus offered.
"Well, she actually does have it in for you," Hades said.
"For good reason," Poseidon finished under his breath.
"True," Hades said.
"I'm saying I trust Hera and she certainly doesn't fawn over me." Zeus started to walk away from the lake and Poseidon jogged a little to get by his side.
"Don't leave yet."
"Why? What else is there to do?" Zeus asked.
Poseidon stopped and looked back toward the water.  He glanced at the horses and then to the back of his brother's head.  "I'd like to seriously discuss settling here."
Hades stepped away from the lake and grabbed Poseidon's neck as he passed, "Sorry, brother.  Zeus is keen to fly away."
"But why?"
Hades' arm slumped back to his side, "Humans.  They cause too many problems."
Poseidon began to follow Zeus and Hades toward the dartship.  He spoke loud enough for Hades to hear him, but not Zeus, "Do you really think we'll be able to leave?"
Hades glanced back.  "No.  Can't tell him that, though.  Hephaestus is an optimist and Zeus won't take 'no' for an answer."
Poseidon looked back to the lake.  He looked around but the horses had moved beyond his sight.  He didn't know if he would be back, but he knew he wanted to return.  And stay.
XXI
TENUR
5,615 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Tell me about yourself," Minerva asked.
The woman knelt on the ground and began to speak the language of the gods.  "I am Nalan from the Kanya Tribe."
"Very well done," Minerva said.  She smiled broadly and nodded for the woman to continue.
She looked up slightly and spoke, "I have not yet chosen a man, because I have hunted for only three seasons."
"I see," Minerva motioned for her to sit up.  "So, how many seasons must you hunt before you can choose a mate?"
Nalan smiled, "Five."
"Very good."  She looked across all of the gathered peoples.  "You are all learning very well."  Then she began to speak their native language, "And I am learning, also."
The crowd laughed and Tenur applauded.  "Goddess Minerva, we again thank you for coming among us as you have for these last few years."
She looked at her wrist and stood.  "It is my pleasure, Elder.  But I fear it will be dawn soon, and I should be returning to the mountain."
The people seemed disappointed but they began to move away from the campfire.  Tenur stood and bowed toward her.  "May I be so bold as to ask a question?"
Minerva nodded.  "Feel free."
"Why do you only visit us in the deepest night?"
She exhaled slowly and looked around.  Most of the people had begun to disperse and she pulled Tenur away from the fire.  In a low voice, she spoke, "I would like to come in the day and to see more people when I do visit, but I am afraid that my visits are a secret."
Tenur looked around and raised his eyebrows, "Secret from whom, goddess?"
"Well, my leader, Jupiter, as you call him, strictly decreed that none of us should have contact with your people."
Tenur gasped and clutched the strand of glimmering shells around his neck.  "And you have disobeyed him to speak with us?"
She nodded slowly and walked across the rocks toward the mountain's foothills.  "Yes."
Tenur looked back at the village and licked his lips.  "Will Lord Jupiter be angry with us?"
She smiled and again put her hand on Tenur's shoulder, "No, no.  The responsibility is mine alone.  If he should ever find out, I will bear whatever punishment."
Sweeping low, Tenur bowed and extended his arms.  He then stood erect again and smiled.  "You are so kind, goddess.  You could easily wield your power and knowledge over us like a club, yet you do not.  Why is that?"
She laughed softly and glanced to the mountain where her home lay.  "That's just not who I am.  Speaking with you and your people is a pleasure for me.  Not an opportunity to be a god."
Tenur shook his head, "And that is why we are so eager to worship you as one, Goddess Minerva."
XXII
ZEUS
5,611 Years Before the Final Exodus

On the holographic viewer before him were infrared images of Athena.  It was night and she was seated around a campfire as hundreds of humans hung on her every word.  The speakers crackled and hissed, but Zeus was able to hear Athena's voice.  She spoke the human language fluently.  Some of them spoke Attican, the Olympian's language, right back to her, as well.
"Unbelievable," Poseidon said.  Zeus stood up and walked away.  Pacing.  "It's as though she's been visiting with them for years."
"She would have to," Hades mumbled.  "To know the language like that?  She'd have to."
Zeus pounded a fist on the wall.  "What do we do?"
Poseidon leaned back and sighed.  "What can we do?  The contamination is complete now."
"Agreed," Hades said.  "Leave or not, you've got thirty-plus thousand people down there who think she's a god.  Or that we are.  She's given them proof by just being there."
Zeus looked at the people in the viewer again.  He had to admit, he was wowed by the power she held.  Anything she said would be taken as law by them.  So many possibilities …
"Zeus," Poseidon said, "how likely is a real departure from here?"
"We've been working on it.  You know that."
"Even if we manage to jump out of this mountain," Poseidon said, "Who's to say we'd be able to survive in space?  Or jump however many times it takes to get to Earth?"
Zeus sighed.  He hadn't been hopeful about the prospects of success recently either, but Hephaestus kept assuring him it was possible.  "You want to live among them?"
"Well," Hades said, "being treated as a god would be kinda nice."
"That's not funny," Poseidon said.
"Seriously," Hades began, "we don't have to live with them."
"Zeus," Poseidon began, "we could go to Illyria on the far side of the planet and ride those huge fields with wild horses under us.  Imagine that."
"It does sound nice," Zeus said, almost wistfully.
Hades cleared his throat, "Before we start making saddles, what do we do about Athena?"
"I'll have to talk to her."
"And what do we do about the humans?" Poseidon asked.
"Humans," Zeus said.
He remembered watching the news with his father one night as a child.  Cronus sat in his plush chair with a heavy arm wrapped around Zeus' shoulders as he stood by the side.  The large man pointed at the screen and said with a deep, resonating voice, "Humans, Zeus."  The young boy nodded.  On the screen, he saw men with guns firing at other men with guns.  Robots moved among them, as well.  "This is why we're better than them.  We're smarter.  We're stronger.  We don't do that," he punctuated his last word with a jab toward the monitor.
Zeus nodded again and he looked toward Poseidon, "I don't know."
XXIII
PROMETHEUS
5,611 Years Before the Final Exodus

The damage was done.
Crash landing here was bad enough.  Attracting the attention of people from all over this part of the planet.  But Athena went down among them?  Intolerable.
"I'm sorry," she said before the assembled crowd.  All of the Olympus' crew was there, including the five children.  "I allowed my curiosity to get the better of me and I spoke to the people."
"You did more than that," Poseidon said.  "Tell everyone how long you've been visiting them."
She paused and took in a deep breath.  "Ten years."
There were audible gasps.
"What do they think you are?  What this ship is?" Prometheus asked.
"They think I am a goddess."  Outright scoffing now.
"You allowed your pride," Prometheus started.
"No.  Not pride.  I tried to dissuade them from thinking we were gods, but …"
"So they know about all of us, too?" Leto asked.
Athena grew sheepish.  "Yes."  Uproar.
"Settle down," Zeus said.  Athena began to weep and Hades put an arm around her.
"You obviously didn't try to dissuade them too hard," Dione said.
The damage was done.
Prometheus knew this.
Humanity had survived a tremendous nuclear onslaught.  They had a chance now to redeem themselves in the eyes of God and walk in his love.  The fact that the Olympus survived this long, too … well, it was a miracle.  He knew that.  Dione knew that.  Leto knew that, though she wouldn't say it to Zeus.  There were still believers among them, but convincing Zeus and his brothers of the divine hand at work here seemed impossible.
And now Athena had proven to the humans that advanced beings are among them.
Was there malice in her actions?  Probably not, Prometheus thought.  But she caused great damage.  The people were contaminated for certain.  They believed that the crew of the Olympus were all gods.  Intolerable.
He moved through a tight service passage into the bowels of the large vessel.  After squeezing through, he emerged in a cavernous opening.  He looked over the railing and he saw the huge pistons, gears and such that formed the faster-than-light drive of the ship.  He went to a wall panel and removed the synchronization coil.  After pocketing it, he climbed down the ladder to the deck even with the huge spinner and Hephaestus' rebuilt spin-sync generator.  He opened another panel and removed an item, pocketing it, too.  
He continued his scavenger hunt throughout the lower decks.  After about an hour, he was greasy and his worksuit had become bulky and weighed down by parts.  Prometheus walked into the machine shop and powered up the plasma welder.  He placed all of the parts on the table, donned the safety gear and pulled the lever, lowering the green flame onto the equipment.  The plastic boiled away quickly.  Various metals began to scar and then ooze onto each other.  Once the parts were a single conjoined lump, he lifted the flame and turned off the device.  With pincers, he dropped the conglomerate into a water basin and removed his safety equipment.  Now, Prometheus pocketed the lump and walked upstairs.
He moved to the north side of the ship; not the side facing the humans.  Finding the outer hatch, he unlocked it.  He then opened the airlock.  Cold, night air blew in, nearly sweeping him off his feet.  He had forgotten they were stuck a kilometer above the ground.  Without looking, he tossed the melted parts from the ship and it fell to the rocks far, far below.
He closed the airlock and the hatches quickly before walking to the showers down the hall.  Along the way, he smiled to himself.  He knew he had done the right thing.  With the humans erroneously believing that they were gods, their departure would only serve to perpetuate that belief.  But if they remained, they would have the chance to correct their influence and teach these humans about the one, true God.  
No one would be pleased with his sabotage; that was for certain.  Many among the crew had their doubts about the escape plan to begin with, so he might have some allies.  Still, there may have been a use for the FTL drive some time down the road.  There was no repairing it now, though.  
The damage was done.
XXIV
HADES
5,610 Years Before the Final Exodus

"What are we still doing here?" Hades said.
Zeus was sitting in his usual chair, his hand on the datastream pad.  "Where else can we go?"
"Anywhere," Poseidon said.  "There are plenty of uninhabited areas."
"Hephaestus is trying to make some workarounds.  He thinks he can find some of the parts in derelicts again …"
"Oh, please."
"Fabricate whatever else he needs …"
"You're deluding yourself, brother," Hades said.  "Prometheus frakked us royally.  We are stuck in this mountain forever."
Prometheus explained why he did it.  He even had some sympathizers.  Athena, for one, was happy for the chance to be able to talk to the humans again, even if she didn't buy into the religious reason for it.  Most of the crew, though, were not happy with what he did.
"Zeus," Poseidon said quietly, "there are rumblings among the crew.  Some are talking about taking the Aetos or the dartships and settling down somewhere.  Regardless of what you think."
Zeus sighed.  "It's over, isn't it?"  He paused, waiting for a response, but his siblings didn't say anything.  "When I gathered everyone together, we were supposed to be … we were supposed to continue the culture of Larsa.  We were supposed to start a new life, free of the worries of war."
"We still can," Hades said.
"But we were supposed to do it together," Zeus said.  He stood up and left the command center.
Poseidon looked at Hades and said nothing.  Hades laid his head on the table and exhaled deeply.  He was tired of being cooped up on this ship.  He wanted to get down and do something.  Even more than that, he was just plain tired.  He fell asleep.
"Alert," Olympus said.
Poseidon laid his hand on the datastream pad.  "Oh, no."
Hades perked up, "What?"  With a flick of his wrist, Poseidon caused the hologram viewer to display the TARIS scan from satellite four.  Larsa was at the bottom of the display.  High above, a large red object was moving toward the planet.  "What is that?"
"Asteroid," Olympus said.  "One kilometer in diameter made up of dense rock."
"Damn," Hades said.  "Olympus, project the likely impact point."
The viewer zoomed out, showing the planet in full.  It rotated slowly and the red dot representing the asteroid created a soft trail as it hurtled near the world, became diverted slightly by the gravity well, and fell into the atmosphere.  The viewer zoomed again, showing an impact point in the ocean.
"Projected impact will occur two hundred forty-three kilometers, west-northwest of our position in the Argolis Sea.  Three hours, sixteen minutes."
Poseidon was slowly shaking his head.  "An impact that large will cause quakes and a major oceanic surge."
Hades closed his eyes.  "The humans."
"I'll call Zeus," Poseidon pushed his palm onto the pad.
Hades walked around the command center and sat in his chair.  Once he touched the induction pad, he focused his attention on the people below.  It was early in the day and many hundreds were gathered at the mountain's foothills, looking upward and worshipping.  Throughout the rest of the city a kilometer or so away near the river, markets were bustling and thousands went about their daily lives.
"They're all going to die," Hades said.
Zeus had just entered the room.  "Asteroid?"
"Yes," Poseidon said.  "It's going to impact two hundred kilometers off shore in three hours, but it will cause massive wave surges and quakes."
"Olympus," Hades said, "effects of the impact."
"Expected Legaemum Magnitude of seven-point-zero or higher.  Fine dust ejecta.  Impact surge in excess of fifty meters.  First-degree burns from thermal radiation.  Air blast of forty meters per second."
"Is seven-point-zero enough to shake Olympus loose from this position?" Zeus asked.
"Yes," Poseidon began, "and that impact wave is big enough to kill everyone gathered below."
Zeus sighed and then he clenched his jaw.  He lifted his head and puffed out his chest.  "Summon everyone here."  Poseidon complied and Zeus turned to face Hades.  "Thoughts?"
Hades pulled his head to the right and spoke softly, "We can't let them all die."
Zeus closed his eyes and spoke just above a whisper.  "Can't we?" 
Hades was stunned.   "I … what?"
"We … We don't want to contaminate them.  Helping them now would be involving ourselves in their development."
Hades shook his head, "I'm sorry, but I've had enough with death for a while.  If we can save thirty thousand people, then we should do it."
Zeus nodded and the doors slid open.  Most of the others entered.  "We don't have much time.  An asteroid is about to hit the ocean and …"
Hades tuned him out and began to think.  They had the large shuttle, Aetos, a few dartships, and a single cargo carrier shuttle.  The Aetos could carry a few dozen people, at most, in a single trip.  The dartships could only hold two, though they could carry a bundle of people to higher ground.  It was risky.  The cargo carrier could pick up large boxes and pallets, but he doubted that any of the human structures below were sturdy enough to be carried.
Zeus continued, "Ares, is there any chance we could use a warhead or Hydra missiles to divert or destroy it?"
He shook his head, "Not at this point.  It's too close.  Maybe months or even weeks ago …"
Zeus clapped his hands together, "Well, that's it then.  Hephaestus and Prometheus, you stay aboard the ship to do what you can to secure her in the quakes.  If you need more help, say so."
"I could use Hestia and Antaeus," Hephaestus said.
"Done," Antaeus said.  Hestia nodded.
"Leto, you stay here with the children."  She nodded.
"Ares," Zeus laid a hand on his shoulder, "put a Hydra missile battery on a dartship and standby near the coast.  Maybe the shockwave from an explosion can dissipate the oceanic surge."
"Yes, sir."
"Athena, since you know these people, you will fly with me on the Aetos to warn them and maybe begin ferrying."  She looked very anxious as she nodded.  "Atlas, you come, too.  You can help instruct them how to make quick rafts, find … floatable objects, that sort of thing.  Everyone else, scour the ship for lifejackets, rafts, anything that might help.  Go.  We'll call later with more instructions."
XXV
ATHENA
5,610 Years Before the Final Exodus

"The bulk of the settlement is just over three kilometers inland from the ocean," Athena said.  "The mountains can provide a buffer if the wave hits just right.  If it comes from too far west, it could sweep into the valley and then the plain toward the river where they're camped."
"Let's assume it will," Zeus said.  "The foothills beneath us are too low to serve as the higher ground so we're going to need another place."
"Can we break apart their structures to create rafts?" Atlas asked.
"I'm sure you could," Athena replied.
A moment later, the large aircraft Aetos left the hangar bay of the Olympus and swept to the east before descending toward the village.
"Slower, Zeus.  We don't want to scare them off," Athena said.  Zeus slowed the vessel and expanded its long, golden wings.
Athena looked out the windows and toward the ground below.  She saw dirt being kicked up and a moment later, the tops of buildings.  With a thud, the craft was down and Zeus opened the door.
Athena leapt from the ship and found half of the city had emerged to greet them, though they were all on their knees, bowing before them.  She ran into the crowd, yelling in their language, "Tenur!  Where is Chief Elder Tenur?"
One of the people straightened up and pointed back toward the huts.  "He is that way, Minerva."
Athena ran to the Tribal Council building and found Tenur emerging after having adorned himself with various accoutrements.  "Tenur, we don't have time for that now."
He seemed deflated and slowly removed his headdress.  "What is wrong, goddess?"
She paused to think how to best explain it in terms they would understand.  "A … rock from the sky will fall into the sea soon.  A great fire.  It will be large and deadly.  When it falls, water will sweep onto the land and wash away the city."
Tenur looked across the crowd and saw thousands swarming around the Aetos.  Standing in the open doorway, Tenur was dumbfounded by the presence of the man there.  "Is that … Jupiter?"
Athena looked back and nodded, "Yes, and he is here to help.  Please."  She physically pulled his face away from the sight of the other gods.  "We have to get everyone away from here and onto higher ground.  Is the Great Meadow high enough?"
Tenur thought and began to nod, "Perhaps.  But the mountains further west, the Gates of Hu, would be better.  But it is more than a day's walk from here."
"We can use our vessel."  Athena pointed to Atlas, who was now studying some of the structures and trying to avoid the press of the crowd.  "He can help make rafts and other things to help people float in the water."
Tenur nodded.  "Yes.  I will call together the Council and we will …"
"There's no time for the Council," Athena said.  "You need to get everyone ready to go.  Horses need to be pulling wagons of people away from the ocean.  Now."
Tenur grabbed a ceremonial horn from the wall and rushed into the crowd.  Blowing it three times, he leapt onto a table.  "Hear me!  The Lords have descended the mountain to bring us dire news!  A rock is falling from the sky and will create a great flood when it strikes the sea!  We must leave the City of the Gods or we shall surely perish!  Minerva, Jupiter, and the gods will help us prepare and will help carry people out of the City on their great eagle!  Men!  Work with them to create rafts!  Horsemen!  Gather wagons and carry as many as you can east and away from the City!"
He jumped from the table and looked to Athena.  "Is that sufficient, goddess?"
She smiled, "That will be fine, Tenur. Thank you."
She went to Atlas and taught him a few good words to know.  "Bind," "gather," "tie," and so on.  She herded people onto the Aetos and after about forty were on board, Zeus yelled from his seat.
"That's all we can fit!"  
"Go!" she yelled back.  She leapt from the doorway and the golden craft slowly lifted from the ground, fairly quietly.  It lumbered a bit under the weight, but it soon turned west, collapsing its wings and blasting away.  She ran to help Atlas tie logs together and taught people how to hold onto them when the wall of water came.  She had no idea if what she was saying would really help, but there wasn't much more she could do.
Several minutes later, the Aetos returned.  It landed in the same place as before and Athena herded more people on board.  Zeus jumped out and ran to her side, "Hermes is coming to fly the Aetos.  I'll be better at helping Atlas."
"Where is Hermes?" Athena said.  As she did, she saw him run up behind her.
"Ready to go."  He jumped inside.  Once about forty people were on board, Hermes lifted the craft up and turned to the west, just like before.  
Athena watched it go.  She felt her stomach tightening.  This wasn't enough.  There were more than thirty thousand people here.  The Aetos was only going to be able save a few hundred or so.  The rafts and makeshift floatation devices?  Who knew how good those would be.  She saw dozens of horses pulling wagons loaded with people into the east.  She hoped they had time to get away.  There were only about two hours left now.
Dionysus flew overhead in a dartship with the hatch open.  Hades was inside, tossing lifejackets and inflatable rafts down to the ground.  He yelled to Athena, "This is all we could find!  The rafts can hold about two dozen people each, but they shouldn't inflate them until after the wave!"
Athena sighed.  That's if people survived the surge to begin with.  She waved the dartship off and began to distribute the lifejackets to people, explaining to them what they were for.  There were four inflatable rafts.  She put two people in charge of each; explaining to them how they worked, when the cords should be pulled, to climb in after the wave passed and the city was flooded.
Before she knew it, Poseidon was speaking in her earpiece, "One hour.  Repeat, one hour until impact."
Athena rushed back to the Aetos' landing area.  Hermes had gathered another load and was lifting off again.  Zeus and Atlas were showing people how to grab onto floating logs.  A dartship hovered over the western edge of the city and was being tied to a group of wagons.  With a slow start, the dartship began to leave, pulling four wagons loaded with people.  Faster than horses, but to Athena's eye, still not fast enough.
She ran back to the Council building and found Tenur directing people.  She put a hand on his shoulder, "Is everyone leaving?"
Tenur threw his hands up, "Many are.  Some are not.  They are stubborn and do not believe that a rock from the sky will wash away the city."
Athena shook her head.  "There isn't enough time to convince them.  Do your best to get everyone else out.  Get more horses to pull more wagons."
She left the tent and saw the cargo carrier attempting to lift off, holding a large pallet made of tightly bound logs.  When it was just a few meters above the ground, the pallet collapsed and the logs tumbled.  No one was on it, thankfully.  Athena shook her head and helped a tearful woman slip into a lifejacket.  She was giving her a brief lesson on it when Hephaestus spoke again, "Five minutes to impact."
"No," she whispered.  Looking around, she saw hundreds of people still swarming in the city.  Atlas and Zeus were still binding logs, Tenur was still waving horses and wagons to the east.  She looked in that direction and saw horse-drawn wagons pulling dozens of people away and hundreds of others simply walking or running.  Then she heard cries of shock.
She glanced across the crowd and saw a dozen arms pointing toward the sky.  A fireball descended through the clouds.  It took a moment but Athena's eyes eventually locked on it and she saw that the asteroid had already broken apart.  There were at least four large fragments but they were clustered so closely together they appeared to be just one.  She stood, stunned, and watched the flame stretch into the northwest where it fell into the horizon far beyond.  
Quickly, Athena's wits returned.  "Hide!" she yelled.  "Hide in the shadows!"  People ran and tried to do as she said when it happened.
A bright flash filled everyone's vision and people screamed.  Barely a second later, Athena heard the wails of hundreds.
Hiding as she was beside others against the wall of a hut, Athena was protected.  The towering flare continued to rise and seared the air around the village.  She watched and yelled as people fell to their knees, clutching their quickly blistering skin.  Everything not hidden appeared to be bathed in a white-orange light, not unlike an overexposed photograph.
"Come on!" she barked.  A few crawled and clawed their way under blankets and behind other structures.  Athena moved her legs and braced them; she was ready to bolt into the strangely glowing open spaces when her eye caught something.  It was the familiar shifting air densities caused by excessive heat.  On Larsa, she saw it on summer days in the afternoon when apparent waves poured off of cars and roads.  Athena watched the distortions and hesitated.  By the time she geared herself up to run again, the next calamity struck.
The ground quaked.  There seemed to be no ramping of intensity; it started strong.  Again, hundreds of people cried out in fear.  A roasting spit about ten meters away collapsed and the boar above fell onto the flames and then rolled away.  Huts and tents collapsed.  People had been hiding in the shadows behind those structures were suddenly exposed to the thermal radiation and they yelped in pain.  Athena closed her eyes.  She felt useless.  When she opened them, she saw dozens of people running and staggering across the grass toward a more sturdy building.  How long had this been lasting?  The shaking showed no signs of letting up.  The ground shook and shook.  
In her earpiece, Olympus spoke, "Legaemum Magnitude seven-point-four."
"Minerva, when will this end?" a woman huddled near her asked.
Before Athena could answer, the hut they were leaning against began to falter.  Painful light from the blast seeped through cracks in the wall and touched her skin.  She recoiled and lowered herself to the ground.   The hut continued to shake apart and someone nearby yelled, "Minerva!  Make it stop!"
She closed her eyes again and felt the quaking finally taper off.  Several people behind a hut to her left began to get up and Athena yelled, "Don't move!  The air is still hot!"  One man didn't believe her and he stuck his hand into the open.  As though stricken, he fell back into the shadows where he was tended to by the others.
She waited and rolled over onto her belly.  She inched her body toward the nearby edge of the hut and prepared to stick her own hand out.  She looked around and believed that the excessive light had died down.  The wavering distortions were no longer there.  Gingerly, she moved her own hand beyond the shadow.  There was heat, no doubt, but it wasn't the searing heat she felt just a minute ago when the light touched her arm.  
Athena stood and shielded her eyes from the northwest, just in case.  Slowly, she looked around her hand and noticed the gray plume of dust rising from the horizon and spreading into the sky above.  "Get up.  The air is still warm but it does not burn."  After a moment, everyone nearby finally stepped into the open air again and looked toward the towering column.  It was gray and black.  Wreathed in white vapor, its core of orange and flame seemed to be diminishing.
The Aetos swooped overhead and landed.  When the doors opened, Athena ran to the hatch.  "Hermes, are the people at the mountains well?"
"Yes," he yelled over the crowd noise.  "I stayed behind to shield some from the radiation.  Most hid in the trees.  A few rocks fell because of the tremors but everyone seemed fine."
She turned from the ship and moved back toward the village center.  All around, she saw snowflakes.  The thought barely registered with her when she realized that these weren't snowflakes, but was instead ejecta from the impact.  Athena held out her arm and watched the tiny bits drift and land on her.  Most were as small as wingless gnats but a few larger pieces hit her flesh and rolled off.  A piece drifted into her eyes and she blinked quickly.  
"Attention village party," Hades said in her earpiece.  "Airblast in approximately eight minutes."
"'Airblast?'" she said aloud to no one in particular. 
Without realizing it, he answered her, "It will be a loud and powerful wind, about one hundred forty kilometers per hour.  Whatever structures weren't already knocked over by the quake might well be leveled by the airblast.  The sound of the impact will be your warning.  When you hear it, you'll know to get down."
Athena moved into the crowds again and watched people tying up the fallen pieces of a hut.  A horse nearby neighed loudly and she watched a man standing on the wagon behind it douse the animal with a bucket of water.  The horses had no protection from the light.
The Aetos left and banked toward the mountains in the west.  She helped lift some children into a wagon before she cupped her hands around her mouth.  "Listen to me!"  Dozens turned and looked at her.  She swallowed hard and spoke, "In a few moments, you will hear a loud sound.  It is the sound of the flaming rock that landed in the sea.  When you hear that sound, you must drop to the ground and cover your heads.  A great wind will blow."
She left that group of people and walked across the village center.  Two people were coating a burned man's wounds with a pale mud while a woman tied a few planks together in a manner that would not hold.  Athena stood on a table and yelled the same warning.  They nodded and went about their business.
When she stepped down and began to move toward the next cluster of people, the woman who had been poorly tying the planks together stopped Athena.  "Goddess, why do these things befall us?"
Athena breathed in deeply and looked at the devastation around her that had already been wrought.  She turned back and began, "There are some things … that we cannot control.  We can only hope to survive and be stronger when it's all over."  The woman bowed slightly and turned toward her planks again.  Athena touched her shoulder and said, "Leave them."  She pointed toward some wagons.  "Get on one of those."
"Thank you, Minerva," the woman said.  She ran to the stables.
Athena walked through the marketplace slowly toward another clearing where people were tying rafts together.  Her head swam at all that had happened and she kept her eyes squinted as the ejecta still drifted around her.  She raised her voice and again gave the warning about the sound and the wind.
When she turned to the south toward the next group of people, she heard it.  Instinctively, she looked up toward where the sound seemed to be originating.  It was like an audio ghost: the popping and crackling of the asteroid as it fell from the sky twelve minutes before.  As the sound seemed to move to the northwest, she ran toward the next group of people she saw.
"Get down!  Everyone get on the ground and cover your heads!"
The people seemed confused but they complied.  The air shook now with the sound of the impact.  A deep rumbling that felt hollow compared to the actual event itself.  Athena moved through the huts and yelled at others to get down when her ears began to hurt.
She collapsed onto the dirt and heard the loudest wind she had ever heard.  It roared and blew her hair and clothes.  She turned her head away from the blast and barely opened one eye.  She saw tents and huts being whipped across the grass toward the river.  People were being knocked into pillars and over furniture.  Horses and wagons, just meters away from starting their rush south, were being blown askew with some loaded wagons overturning.  In the distance, she saw trees on the edge of the forest bend and limbs give way.
After a few more moments, the airblast died down.  Athena stood and walked back toward the village center where the Aetos would be setting down shortly.  She knew from talking to Zeus that they would now have about twenty-five minutes before the impact surge breached the shore and poured into the City of the Gods.
The Aetos landed again, loaded and lifted off quickly.  Ares then spoke in Athena's ear.  "It's coming a lot faster than I expected," he said.  "Firing Hydra missiles one, two and three."  Pause.  "Negative impact on one.  Two and three have exploded.  The wave was disrupted, but only slightly."
She bound more rafts together and directed others to waiting horse carts.  The time flew and then Ares spoke again, "Ten minutes until the surge hits."
Ten minutes.  Athena stood still and turned slowly.  Huts were knocked down and disintegrated.  Tent canvas splayed in the grass from the powerful wind and scorched by the light.  Thousands of people still rushed about, gathering their things and families.  Toward the river, horses and pedestrians alike ran over the few weak bridges that had been constructed.  She shook her head and swallowed hard.
"Minerva," a boy said by her side, "is it finished?"
She turned and saw that the child's face and arm were burned.  Athena forced herself to smile and she said, "No.  Tall waves from the sea will come next."  She took the boy's hand and guided him toward Atlas, whom she saw testing the strength of a raft he finishing tying together.
"The eagle returns!" a woman yelled.
The golden-winged craft swooped overhead and set down in the clearing.
"Last one!" Hermes yelled through the open door.  Zeus and Atlas came to the entrance and stepped inside, waving others forward.  There were many hundreds.  Athena lifted the injured boy and set his feet on the metallic wings of the craft.  Zeus pulled him inside.  
She turned toward the crowd and reached past adults for the arms of other children.  Still, there was not enough time.  Her stomach knotted up even more. She wanted to squeeze everyone on board. 
"Athena!" Zeus yelled.  "Get in!"
Athena looked around and saw Tenur standing by one of the men with an inflatable raft.  She felt dizzy, but she smiled.  She spoke to Tenur, "Move away from the buildings and the crowds.  You'll stand a better chance."
Tenur looked at the two men with him and they nodded.  The trio began to move away from the huts and to the east.  Tenur looked back, his face flush with concern, "Minerva? What about you?"
She shook her head, "Don't worry about me."
Athena walked back into the crowd and Atlas yelled at her, "Come on!  Now!"
She looked toward the ocean.  She couldn't see anything yet.  The impact plume and dark billows were still there but more spread out than they had been a while ago.  No wave was visible.  There were still children here.  How could she get on the ship?  She picked up a small child and wiped her dirty tears.  Athena smiled at her and handed her to Zeus.  With a look of confusion, he took the girl, setting her behind him.  The mother touched Athena's arm and walked away.  
Leaning over, Athena picked up another child.  A boy.  He was confused but Athena's smile made him smile, too.  She handed him to Zeus.
"What are you doing?"
"Saving as many as I can," she said without expression.  
Athena darted into the crowd again, trying to hold back tears.  She grabbed a child and pushed him onto the wings of the ship.
"It's here!" Atlas yelled.
Athena looked to the west, not seeing the wave.  She picked up two small children and handed them to Zeus.  He took them both.
"Take off," Athena said.
A loud roar came to her ears and she looked again to the west.  This time, she saw the tops of the more substantial buildings being tossed aside.  Flipped over.  Splinters of wood were thrown into the air in gushes of water.  A fifty-meter tall ripple of destruction swept through the city, taking every building with it.  The Aetos lifted off and as it did, Athena turned to the wave and saw the nearest still-standing huts explode into kindling.  The wall of water was barely visible for it was caked with people, wood, and other detritus.
She was knocked back.  Later, Athena would remember how odd it was that she never felt wet.  She didn't have time.  Her head struck the rock table from the Tribal Council building and she was killed instantly.
XXVI
HEPHAESTUS
5,610 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Impact," Hephaestus said.
He watched the satellite footage from one of the several monitors they had launched a few years ago.  The flaming rock bore into the ocean, sending a huge wave around it and a plume of steam and rock straight up.  He zoomed the image back and tracked to the east.  Darkness poured from the impact and spread thin into the air.  He watched the impact surge radiate away and then the shaking began.  Hephaestus struggled to stand as Olympus spoke, "Legaemum Magnitude seven-point-four."
He stumbled from the control room.  "Come on," he said, as he reached for ladder rungs.  
Prometheus' voice echoed in the corridors, "You better get down here!"
Without responding, Hephaestus slid down the ladder quickly and he arrived in the lower engineering levels in fairly short order.  The initial quaking seemed to have subsided and Hephaestus entered through a bulkhead door to the sound of wrenching metal.  "That's not good."
He turned the corner and saw a large stress fracture running from the floor and up the wall.  He ran as quickly as he could to the sublight engine room.  "Prometheus!  Get out of there!  Now!"  The groaning increased.  
Prometheus scrambled up the stairs as fast as he could.  As they were leaving the room, a ceiling support wrenched free and swung across the room, impacting on the side of one of the primary sublight fusion reactors.
"No, no, no," Hephaestus said.  
The floor of the sublight engine room moaned and twisted.  Hull supports gave way and a hole opened up below another reactor.  Consoles and regulator valves dangled in the open air.
Hephaestus grabbed Prometheus' arm and pulled him toward the ladders.  "We have to get out of here before this whole side of the ship falls down the slope."  
After running and climbing, the pair rested against a wall near the command center.  Prometheus turned to Hephaestus, "I guess I didn't have to sabotage the FTL after all."
Hephaestus shot him a look and shook his head.  "Frak off."
XXVII
TENUR
5,610 Years Before the Final Exodus

Minerva told them to not pull the rope until after the water passed over them.  The men Tenur was with disobeyed her.  Still, they survived.
Seeing the buildings being obliterated, one of the men panicked and pulled the cord.  In just a moment, the heavy orange bundle became a huge orange shield.  The wall of water and debris caught the underside of the raft and knocked the three of them ahead of the wave, scooping them up into the hexagon.  They floated and rode the surge for a brief stretch, but it continued to the east.  Tenur looked over the edge, shocked that he was still alive.  He saw dozens of people fleeing ahead of him.  They were all taken down by the water.  Horse-drawn wagons were hit, too.  All of the Lords' great metal flying ships were moving safely away from the water.
"Minerva," Tenur remembered.  He looked back toward the area where he last saw her.   Of course, she wasn't there.  He looked around and saw dozens of bodies floating in the waters.  "Grab that plank," he said to one of the men.  He leaned over the edge and picked it up, immediately using it as an oar. 
When they heard cries for help, they paddled near and took them aboard.  After several minutes, the raft had fifteen passengers.  The waters were receding and they were being pulled over what used to be the City of the Gods.  "Elder," one of the men said.
Tenur leaned over the edge of the raft and saw a body.  It was Minerva.  There was a large gash in her head and her skull was cracked open.  Tenur slumped back into the raft, his hands over his mouth.  Others in the raft peered over and saw her body as well.  Tenur's face flushed warm.  
What does this mean?  
More survivors were pulled aboard.  The men began to paddle toward the mountains.  "The waters are pulling us toward the sea," one said.  
"We'll land shortly."
Tenur stayed in a hunched-over lump for the next little while.  Then there was a scraping sound along the underside of the raft as it came to rest in the mud.  People leapt out and scrambled back toward the City.  What was there to see?  Nothing remained.
Tenur slowly stood up and he was helped out by the man who spotted the goddess.  "Elder, what does it mean?"
Tenur was lost in thought but he glanced over to him.  "I don't know."
In a daze, he walked back in to the city.  Almost instinctively, he found his way to the Tribal Council building.  Or where it used to be.  Only the rock table seemed undisturbed.  The gods' golden eagle returned to unload its passengers.  Tenur wanted to tell Jupiter that he saw Minerva's body, but he didn't want to risk angering him.  He would have to be told, though.
Tenur sat on the table for a while.  He leaned over, bowing before the mountain.  For hours, he prayed.  He wept.  He held his ceremonial necklaces.  After a while, he climbed down from the table and searched the wreckage nearby futilely for his ceremonial headdress. 
The golden craft brought more and more citizens back.  After a few hours, they were all returned.  The horsemen who pulled wagons away had returned, too.  Before long, thousands of people were walking around the debris aimlessly.  Eventually, they gathered around Tenur.
He sensed it after a time.  They wanted consolation.  They wanted to be told everything would be alright.  Tenur wasn't sure they would be.  He stood and addressed the crowd, his eyes welling with tears.  "At the same time we lost so many of our neighbors, family, and friends, we also lost … we lost the goddess, Minerva."
Wailing ensued from the crowd.  Some weighed the information and seemed utterly bewildered.  A goddess?  Dead?
"We can rebuild the City of the Gods.  Those of us who remain can thank Minerva, Jupiter, Mercury … all of the Lords.  We thank you," he said, looking toward the mountain.  
The crowd bowed at the waist toward the mountain, "We thank you."
Tenur was exhausted.  He sat back down on the slab and the people milled around before going about their business.  Some began to gather bodies.  Some began to create trash piles.
The sun was setting and Tenur climbed off the rock table finally, surveying the damage, yet again.  He looked into the sky, seeing that some of the brighter stars were already visible.  He also saw the golden eagle of the Lords coming overhead.  It moved so silently.  It landed at about the same place it had earlier in the morning.  He walked slowly to the craft, dreading what he would have to do.  He wasn't sure Jupiter spoke their language, but he would try to explain.  They should be proud, though.  Minerva died saving many of their people.  If it weren't for her, there wouldn't be a crowd gathering for them.
Tenur approached the doorway, though it hadn't opened yet.  He practiced a few times in his head, explaining to Jupiter how he saw Minerva's body.  And then the door opened.
"Teia lon, Tenur," Minerva said.
XXVIII
ZEUS
5,610 Years Before the Final Exodus

The awe.
Zeus recalled the moment Athena appeared in the doorway of the Aetos over and over.  The priest, Tenur?  His mouth fell open and he collapsed to the ground in a weeping heap.  The crowd apparently had been told Athena died, too.  They fell to the ground.  They began chanting and moaning.  They wailed in confusion and joy.
The awe.
Zeus saw it.  Athena felt it.  She was dazed.  Confused, even.  But Athena wandered among the people surveying the damage for days.  To them, she was proof of immortality.  To Zeus, she was the key.
Zeus called a meeting of all the Olympus survivors in the conference room.  They gathered, chattering about the flood and the status of the ship.  Hephaestus and Hades had been working down below for almost a week.  Zeus didn't need to see the damage for himself; he could see it in Hephaestus' face.  No matter.  Zeus had a new plan.
"If you can all be seated, we'll get started," he said.  Apollo and Artemis were standing by the door with the other children.  Zeus nodded toward the door and the twins led the others to another room to play.
"Let's start first with an update on the damage to Olympus.  Hephaestus?"
He and Hades were grimy; leaning against the far wall.  Hephaestus sighed and stood up straight.  "Before the asteroid, Olympus was in pretty good shape.  Structurally speaking, we were on a path toward decent hull integrity and protection.  As for the FTL," he shot Prometheus a hard look, "I had made some adjustments and compromises, meaning I might have had it up and running in a few more years.  But then the asteroid hit, with its quakes …"
"We're not going anywhere," Hades interrupted.  "There was further damage to the fusion reactor.  The ventral hull was severely compromised and it will take months to fix it and shore things up."  Chattering resumed among the people.  "Basically, we'll be lucky if we can keep this thing together to stay in the mountain."
Many of them shook their heads.  Hera betrayed no emotion.  She stared straight ahead.  Leto seemed displeased.
"Athena," Zeus said, "tell us about the humans."
She looked up, somewhat surprised.  "Like, what?"
"Well, let's talk about the flood and work back from there."  Zeus sat in a relaxed position.  His legs were crossed.  One elbow was propped on the arm of his chair; his fingers interlocked in front of his face.  They couldn't see it, but he was almost smiling.
Athena exhaled slowly.  "Before the flood, there were about thirty-three thousand people living in, what they called, the City of the Gods."  Some murmuring around the table.  Athena waited for it to die down before continuing.  "Thanks to Zeus and Hermes flying the Aetos, and everyone else, we managed to help save six thousand two hundred people."  Demeter shook her head.  
"They would have been completely destroyed otherwise," Zeus said.
"Yes," Athena replied.  "Without question."
"Were other coastal communities damaged by the tidal wave?" Poseidon asked.
Athena nodded, "Yes.  Word came back yesterday that many thousands were killed in fishing villages to the north and south."
Silence for a few moments.  Zeus watched everyone's faces.  He could see concern written across most of them.  He knew he had to play this just right.  He had to set the stage.  His proposal had to make perfect sense.
Zeus did his best to make his voice low and earnest, "Tell us about them.  As a people."
She looked to the ceiling as she thought.  "Well, they are … human.  In every way.  They love, they feel anger, joy, sadness, everything.  They have families and communities.  In this part of the world, there are hundreds of separate settlements, but each one seems to be part of a larger tribe.  Almost as a nation or confederation.  Across Galatia, there are twelve of these large tribal confederations."  She glanced around the table and saw people's interest so she felt emboldened.  "The four nearest us have been interactive with each other for many years and they have a common tongue.  They call the world Kobol."
"Kobol," Hades whispered.
Athena continued, "The other tribes have their own languages, but they've been trading with their neighbors for a short while now.  There have been numerous wars, of course, too ..."
"We're talking about the entire northern continent, right?" Ares asked.
"Yes, all of Galatia."
Ares spoke quickly.  "What about Scythia or islands in the Thracian Sea?"
Athena shook her head.  "There are tribes there but no one around here knows anything about them.  Three of the twelve tribes have some settlements on islands in the sea, though."
Aphrodite spoke softly, almost as though she was embarrassed to speak, "Do they have any memory …" she rolled her eyes and shook her head, disgusted with herself, "or any knowledge of Larsa?"
Athena slowly shook her head, "No.  Not that I've found.  If there are any oral traditions or something, I haven't been told about it.  And I've asked."  No one else had a question so she continued, "Each of the twelve tribes have their own cultures, their own sets of beliefs.  But they've been intermingling for about a century now, mostly in trade.  That's what was so fascinating about the City of the Gods," Athena became visibly excited as she spoke.  "There were people from all twelve tribes there.  Living together.  Working together.  And they were doing so peacefully and happily.  They were all drawn to this one place by our arrival."
Zeus straightened up and stopped her.  "Thank you, Athena."  He didn't want her to jump the gun.  "You know their language, the primary one, anyway, correct?"  She nodded.  "You learned it over the last decade when you snuck down to the settlement below and interacted with them?"
She looked down at her hands and nodded again.  "Yes, Zeus."
Zeus smiled.  He didn't want her to feel threatened.  "Your actions saved their lives.  If we didn't know their tongue, there would have been no saving them."
She looked up, surprised.  "Quite likely."
Hestia leaned forward.  "We are, obviously, stuck here on Larsa.  Yes?"  She looked back to Hephaestus and Hades, who were nodding.  "We cannot stay in this ship forever, Zeus."
Before Zeus could respond, Athena spoke up, "I would like for us to help them rebuild the City."
Athena was jumping ahead, but he could go with it.  "I agree."
Ares and Dionysus seemed somewhat surprised.  Hermes, too.  "Really?" he said.
"Yes.  I am not a cruel man.  None of us are."  Hera rolled her eyes; he ignored it.  "When we awoke and found civilization here, I was ready to jump away to another place and try again.  When the humans gathered at the foot of the mountain, I wanted us to leave them alone and keep working on leaving."  He stood up.  "Well, now we can't."
"I couldn't do nothing while people died in a horrific asteroid impact and wave."  He began to walk around the table, catching each person's eye.  "I was a doctor and scientist on Larsa.  Most of you were, too.  We all worked for the betterment of society.  Not just for ourselves but for humans, as well.  They didn't always want our help, and our mechanical brethren openly fought us, but that never changed our determination."
He looked at Poseidon and Demeter, "We were biologists."  To Ares, "Peacekeepers."  To Hermes, "Computer and communications specialists."  To Leto and then Hera, "Medical doctors and researchers."  To Selene, "Psychologists."  To Dionysus, "Artists and entertainers."  To Hephaestus, "Engineers."  He shrugged and motioned to Aphrodite, "Supermodels who happened to be married to my engineer."  Laughter.
Hades said, "What about me?"
"Very well.  Directionless yet talented brothers."  More laughter.
Zeus had walked back around to his chair.  "The point being: we all served society and sought to better it in our own ways, even those of you I still didn't mention.  Even here, home, among a familiar and yet alien society, I could not allow them to suffer.  I feel the need to help them become better."
That last line was key.  He spoke it clearly and slowly.  He watched the table and kept track of who was nodding and who wasn't.  Nearly everyone seemed to agree.
"So, we shall help them rebuild their city."  He pointed to Hestia, "You, my dear, are the architectural engineer, so I expect you to come up with some primitive and yet effective ways of rebuilding what they had."
She smiled.  "No problem."
"Hera," Zeus said, motioning toward his wife, "you've found that even these humans still bear the genetic scars of the nuclear war.  With simple gene therapy, we can help them with that."
Hera raised her eyebrows, "'Simple gene therapy?'"  She paused and then nodded, "Yes, we can help."
Prometheus raised his hand.  Zeus was reluctant to allow him to speak, but he couldn't risk seeming confrontational in this meeting.  "Yes?"
"How far do we go in 'helping' the Kobollians?"  He looked at Zeus for a beat before looking around the table and continuing, "I mean, we have the ability to hand them quantum leaps in society and technology, but that doesn't mean we should."
Prometheus was a psychologist, sociologist, and seminarian.  Zeus knew he would be the main problem, even discounting his earlier sabotage.  "We can't give them more of a leg up than they can handle.  These people are learning to crawl so we don't immediately tie on some running shoes.  We will help them.  Even give them advancements, but they will be doled out sparingly."
Again, the majority of the table seemed on board.  Zeus had laid the first few levels out expertly.  Now it was only a matter of gently building the bridge to the next crucial stage …
"And what do we do about their worship of us?" Prometheus asked.
Thus Prometheus destroyed the bridge.  Zeus found the arguments and evidence in his head flushed away now that he was bringing this to the fore too soon.
"I'm glad you brought that up," Zeus lied.  "When Olympus fell from the sky across the entire northern hemisphere, hit the ground, and careened into this mountain, thousands upon thousands of people gathered here and many began to worship whatever it was."
He pointed to Athena, "When she descended to walk among them and learn their language, they had proof that someone lived in that shape in the hills.  She told them about us – at least to a point – and then we came to them in great flying machines and warned them of impending doom, which quickly followed.  And then, in a singularly important moment, they saw Athena die.  They saw her body floating in the wreckage of their city after having saved many of their lives."  Athena was looking down at the table, somewhat embarrassed.
"A momentous sacrifice.  To them, she was a god.  She gave up her space on the final flight out of the city to save a few more children.  And then she died."  He paused to let it sink in.  "Later in the day, when the survivors returned, they saw the wreckage.  And the priest told them of the sacrifice that this god made for them.  That she was dead."
Zeus allowed a wry grin.  "The Aetos made a quick stop here to pick up someone and then we flew back to the city.  And when the door opened and that priest saw her face … The awe."  He smiled broadly and looked around the room.  Zeus could weave a tale.  They were intrigued with where he might be going, but no one had bitten down just yet.
"The awe!  I cannot convey to you just how gob smacked he was.  He fell to the ground and prostrated himself before her.  And the crowd.  Hundreds of people behind him saw her, too.  And they fell to the ground.  To them, Athena was proven to be immortal."  Some of those assembled chuckled lightly.
Zeus continued, "A god.  Knowledgeable of ways they can barely comprehend.  Knowledgeable of future events, like asteroids.   And she wields power over life and death.  A god!" he belted, motioning to her again.  She was blushing now, humbled by Zeus' elevation of her.
"Why are we here?" Zeus said.  "We assembled to make Larsan society a better place.  And we worked, we truly did."  He allowed his shoulders to sag and his voice go quiet again, "But Larsa is gone."  He paused, lifted his head and looked each person in the eye.  "We each came together because we could make whatever new society we formed into a good and safe place.  We thought we were going to Earth, but that didn't work out.  So here we are.  We are stuck here on Kobol."
He pressed a fist into his other hand and held both against his mouth as he leaned his elbows onto the table.  He paused for a moment longer before speaking.  "We find ourselves here.  All of our gathered knowledge from nearly every study.  And we have outside of this immobile vessel a society that can benefit from our experience and expertise."  He saw that some people had begun to look at each other quizzically.  "A society that regards us … as gods."
"Zeus, are you suggesting …" Antaeus began, but Zeus lifted his hand to stop him.  He would not be interrupted again.
"We have witnessed, first hand, the mistakes that people can make.  That these people can make.  We have the history of Larsa in our computers and fresh on our minds.  But now, the people who remain …  People who one day will again be confronted by great questions of morality and ethics.  We can help them make the right choices."  He paused, expecting an objection, but none came.  He looked at Leto.  She seemed concerned.  Prometheus had the same look on his face.
"We have the opportunity here to guide an entire race of people from near infancy into adulthood."
"By acting as their gods?" Prometheus asked.
Zeus inhaled slowly and lifted his head.  His cards were on the table.  There was no need to conceal it any longer.  "Yes."
There was some laughter.  Scoffing as well.  Leto shook her head and this disappointed Zeus.  Prometheus was quick to condemn, "You're mad!"
"No," Zeus said.  "I am not.  I am simply concerned that we could lose this world again."
"Sure!" Prometheus said.  "In thousands of years!"
"But why at all?  We can keep them from that road.  And not just right now but in several thousand years, too," Zeus said, firmly planting his finger on the table.  
"I don't know, Zeus," Poseidon said.
Zeus pointed at his brother, "How many times have we talked about how to fix things on Larsa?  Hm?  Not just politics.  I'm talking about things like, 'Oh, wouldn't it be great if …'"  Zeus waited for a response.  "We did it a lot."  He looked across the table.  "And I know all of us have, to some degree or another."
"As gods," he said, leaning forward, "we can make those decisions.  We can guide the Kobollians toward a perfect world that Larsa never had.  It's an opportunity.  A chance for us scientists to take part in the greatest experiment the galaxy has ever known.  The shaping of a society from the ground up."  He looked at Demeter, "The Kobollians are having trouble with some basic agriculture.  You can fix that."  He pointed to Hephaestus, "Imagine the innovation that your leadership would foster.  They might develop things you never thought of."
Dionysus shrugged, "We could give them the cures to diseases they don't even know they have."
"Yes," Zeus said.  At last, someone to add firmly to his side.  "How many lives can we save like that alone?  Sewage systems?"  He looked at Hestia, "They have no concept of the thing or even why they'd need it."
"Let's say that I'm with you on this," Athena asked.  "What do we do about … God?"
"Yes, thank you," Atlas said.  A few others nodded and signaled their approval of the question.
Zeus licked his lips.  Could he come right out and say, What God?  Probably not.  He had known this would come up.  He had formulated a response, but right now, in the moment, it seemed inadequate.
"We are going to be creating a perfect world … to do that, we have to have complete cooperation of the citizens."  Zeus looked at the dissenters directly, "To do that, to have that, we must be … for lack of a better word, divine."
"No, we don't," Prometheus said.  "We can tell them the truth."
"Do you really think a bunch of primitives could handle that?" Hermes said.  "That we're artificial lifeforms from their own planet six thousand years ago?  I mean, really."
"We don't have to get too specific at first," Leto said.  "We can tell them that we're advanced.  That we have great knowledge to share."
"What incentive would there be for them to obey?  For them to follow our recommendations?" Dionysus asked.
"Why wouldn't they?" Atlas asked.
"You're the sociologist, Prometheus," Ares said.  "And Selene.  You both know how important the element of fear is in a religion."
"But …" Prometheus started.
"But," Ares continued, "without us as all-knowing divine figures, there would be schisms.  There would be fractures in the society."
"There would be anyways," Atlas offered.
"Under us, the fractures would be smaller."  Ares locked eyes with Atlas who wilted under his gaze, "Without our divinity, there would be whole sections of the population and probably even the world who wouldn't listen.  There could be wars, slavery, …"
"Oh, c'mon," Prometheus said.
"And we would lose a great number of people to the very ills we would seek to cure."  Ares looked to his father and Zeus nodded.
Poseidon sighed loudly, drawing everyone's attention.  "If the world is … united under us, the changes we effect would be wide reaching.  Worldwide.  Without that unity, everything we do could be undermined."
Hades lifted his eyebrows, seemingly thinking as he spoke, "For the experiment to work, you'd need absolute control."
"Would it be a democracy?" Selene asked.
Zeus nodded slowly.  "They would have regional leaders.  Once they've matured, even worldwide leaders.  But a council made up of us would be the final arbiters.  We would make sure that their paths are aligned with our vision."
"What is our vision?" Athena said.
Zeus smiled, "We can work out the details later, but suffice it to say that we want humanity, on Kobol, to advance to a point of … no fear.  No worries.  Where any citizen can pursue any course that they want in their life.  We will give them every opportunity we had on Larsa and then some.  Our primary goals will be to ensure their survival, help them veer from dangerous paths, and to advance their society."
"Free will?" Leto said.
"Absolutely," Zeus responded quickly.
"And what about the freedom to worship a single god?" she added.
Zeus was crushed.  He thought for certain she would be on his side.  "We can cross that bridge when we come to it."  Feeling hurt by the intellectual abandonment of his lover, he glanced involuntarily at Hera.  She was smiling.
"Zeus," his wife said, "you've got balls."  Many at the table laughed.  Zeus did not.  "I have to say … I really like this plan."
Zeus' head jerked upright quickly.  Her agreement stunned him.  It apparently stunned a few others at the table, given their reactions.  "Thank you.  Hera, thank you," he said.  "Why are you so positively in favor, if I may ask?"
"You said it earlier," she began.  "We all knew ways that Larsa could have been better if they had listened to us."  She shook her head once side-to-side and looked to the ceiling.  "It was such … a beautiful world.  And now it is again.  But it is a blank slate and so are the people.  And, like Athena said, these are humans.  Left to their own devices, there would be countless wars over the coming millennia.  There would be slavery.  There would be plagues and disease and famine and … rampant, immature abuse of technology.  Just like the humans thousands of years before them."  Zeus was stunned.  He couldn't help but smile as she continued to make his case for him.
"There's a chance here for humanity to flourish in a way it never truly did before."  She leaned forward onto the table and continued, "It may take centuries, but we can give every person on this planet the life that they really want, unencumbered by the need to … earn money for food on the table or conscriptive service.  We can give that to them."
More people around the room seemed to take Hera's words to heart.  Prometheus, though, spoke aloud, "What about God?"
Hera paused for a moment and then answered, "What about him?"
He sat motionless.  Then, Prometheus stood and began to walk toward the door.  He stayed by the opening and cleared his throat.  "I will assist with the rebuilding efforts.  I will provide humanitarian aid.   But I cannot be a party to this … this organized blasphemy."
He waited for a moment and was about to turn and leave when Leto stood.  Then Atlas.  Dione.  Antaeus.  Selene.   Prometheus nodded and grinned slightly.  He stepped aside, allowing the others to exit first.  And then, with a nod, he left, too.
Zeus looked back to the people still seated around the table.  Only Ares, Hermes, Hera, and Dionysus looked confident.  Everyone else was squirming or still appeared at least a little unsettled.  
"So.  Here we are.  The … Olympian Council."  He stood and opened his arms, "We're moving forward on this?"  There were some nods, but mostly silence.  Zeus wanted something more explicit.  "So … say you all?"
"Yes," Hermes and a couple of others said.  
"So say we all?" Zeus asked again, more emphatically.
Not knowing exactly how to answer, everyone responded haphazardly, "So say we all."
XXIX
HERA
5,609 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Can you do it?" Zeus asked.
"You know I've worked for decades on slowing down the aging process," she replied.  "I can try a few tricks.  Whatever else you have in mind, though … It depends on what exactly you're looking for."
Zeus fully entered the lab and sat next to her.  Apollo was with him, as he often was these days.  He was a boy of thirteen and he took a genuine interest in his father's doings.  Hera glanced at him and then looked back at Zeus.  She usually managed to avoid looking visibly disgusted whenever Leto or one of the children were nearby.
"I'm hoping it is something we can do with our equipment," Zeus began.  "Right now, we have a lot going for us to maintain an appearance of … godhood to the Kobollians."
"Technology, dress, flight," Hera said.
"Yes.  But over time, those won't mean as much and we will lose some stature among them."
Hera leaned back and saw that Apollo was watching her every move, wide-eyed.  "So you want me to alter our DNA so we seem more godlike?"
Zeus smiled.  "Yes."
Hera couldn't help but grin in return.  "Again, I ask, what exactly are you looking for?"
Zeus shrugged and pulled Apollo closer to him.  "Something fairly simple.  Something that won't hamper our own lives."
Hera touched a datastream panel and a file on Kobollian physiology appeared on a large screen.  "That's my gene therapy file.  It's going pretty well."
Zeus nodded, "Good."
"I should have an injection for them in a few months for testing."
Zeus pointed at the screen, "Are they still similar enough to … Larsan humans?"
"Sure," she pushed a few buttons and the genetic helix shifted, "despite the gene damage, pre-holocaust and post-holocaust humans would be able to mate easily."
"But we can't mate with them," Zeus said.
"No.  Just like it was before."
"We are a little taller, though," Apollo said, somewhat meekly.
Hera nodded, not looking away from the screen.  "True.  On average, we … Olympians are about six centimeters taller than these humans."
Zeus leaned forward, "Can we increase that?"
Hera looked over at him, "By how much? I mean, if I increase everyone's height, we'll be bumping heads when we walk around the ship."
Zeus looked back at the doorway.  "How tall are our door openings?  Two-and-a-half meters?"
Hera nodded, "About."
"And the average Larsan … no, I've got to get used to saying it … Kobollian is one-point-six?"
She nodded again.  "Yes."
Zeus raised his hands, "Well there you go.  Make us about two-and-a-quarter meters tall.  And proportional.  That's big enough to keep us imposing but not tall enough to make life difficult."
"Oh, c'mon," Hera said.  "You can't be serious?"
Zeus shook his head, "What better way to be imposing than to be taller than anyone?"
"What about the strain on our bodies?  The bone density and musculature will be all wrong …"
"I know, I know. Gravity," Zeus interrupted.  "You can account for that.  I know you can."
Hera began to say something, but instead she just sighed and shook her head.
"Everyone would need new clothes," Apollo said with a smile.
Zeus laughed loudly and Hera smiled, in spite of herself.  "Yes, they will, son.  But that's fine."
"Very well, Zeus," Hera said, still shaking her head.  "I can get to work on that."
Zeus nodded but he didn't seem to be finished.  "I feel like we need something else."
"Being a head taller than everyone isn't enough?" she asked.
"No.  We need something more … visceral.  Something people can feel.  Something almost instinctual about our presence."
Hera scoffed again.  "I'm sorry.  I don't know what I can do that would give them that kind of reaction."
Zeus sat still and thought.  Apollo crossed toward Hera and studied the spinning DNA helix on the monitor.  He seemed genuinely interested in what was being discussed.  
"Do you want to be a doctor?" Hera asked.
He nodded without looking away from the genetic information.  "Yes.  Just like my mother and you."  
"Pheromones!" Zeus yelled.
"What?" she said, surprised.
"Pheromones.  We have them even though we barely use them.  Humans absolutely have them and they don't use them the way they were evolutionarily intended."
Hera squinted, "Not really.  Humans use them more than you would think."
"All the more reason for us to exploit them."
Hera looked at the monitor and read through the information.  She thought for a few moments before she spoke again.  "Interesting.  I may … be able to give us very powerful pheromones.  Elicit emotional reactions ...  When we're happy or excited or whatever, any nearby humans would be equally so, if not more."
"Perfect!" Zeus said, clapping his hands.
"Are pheromones something people smell?" Apollo asked.
"Yes.  People don't realize they smell it, but it causes unconscious feelings and actions in the body," Hera said.
"Can you also make it so anger is conveyed via our pheromones into a fear response for them?" 
Hera raised her eyebrows and stared at Zeus.  "Seriously?"
He nodded slowly and said, softly, "Yes."
"Why?"
"Sometimes," he began, "we may have to put the fear of the gods into them."
Hera was quiet.  She glanced at the monitor before looking back at Zeus.  "I will try.  It could take generations.  No promises."
"Good."  He began to stand and Hera grabbed his arm.
"I assume that when I have these changes complete, I am to incorporate them into the next download model for each of the Olympians?"
"Yes.  Sooner is better."
Hera lowered her voice, not wanting Apollo to hear.  "Even for those of us who … aren't going along with the plan?"
Zeus looked to the ceiling and exhaled slowly.  Then, he began to nod.  "We all must appear godly, even if we don't wear the mantle."
Hera turned back to her station and Zeus stopped her chair from spinning.  "Hera, I wanted to thank you."
"For what?"
Zeus turned to see that Apollo had left the room and he was now in the corridor.  He looked back into Hera's eyes and smiled.  "I wanted to thank you for supporting me in all of our meetings on the experiment.  Especially that first one."
She shook her head dismissively, "Don't worry about it.  You were right.  This is an unprecedented opportunity.  We can honestly do good here."
Zeus smiled again … in that way.  The way that has always made Hera melt a little.  "Still," he said, "I wanted to thank you."
Then, with a light touch of his fingers under her chin, he kissed her.  Gently.  He stepped away and left the room quietly.
Hera turned back to the workstation, smiling broadly and holding the side of her face.  Her face flushed with blood and her body was exhilarated.  She exhaled loudly and her senses returned to her.  With a quick shake, her smile disappeared and she said, "Bastard."
XXX
ATHENA
5,607 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was hard work.  The City of the Gods, though, was rebuilt.
The buildings were stronger than before, thanks to the designs of Hestia and the skills of Hephaestus.  The meeting chamber of the council of elders was ornate and it occupied an important location on the shores of the Peneius River, a couple of kilometers from the foot of Mount Olympus, as it was now known.
Many of the Olympians helped rebuild, but now that it was finished, Athena didn't know how many would stick around.  A few of them were angered by Zeus' "experiment," but his recent decision to alter their very DNA to appear more godlike … that enraged even some of Zeus' backers.
No matter.  Zeus was stubborn and he had the full support of Hera, Ares, and Dionysus.  Hermes, Hephaestus, Hades, and Poseidon backed his play somewhat begrudgingly.  Beyond those people, who mattered?  Athena certainly didn't think she did.
She was quiet.  She was curious.  Her decision to ignore Zeus' order regarding the humans arguably led them to this point.  Sometimes she felt guilty, but she didn't know why.
Now she was riding a horse alongside a wagon full of her supporters.  Or would that be worshippers?  Chief Elder Tenur was with them.  Zeus praised him and exalted him as the chosen leader of mankind.  Zeus gave him the surname "Deucalion" to show that the elder was fully accepted by the Olympians.  As they rode, he tried to speak to her over the loud clatter of the wooden cart.
"Goddess," he said, after a long stretch of being quiet.
Athena looked over with a smile, "Yes, Elder?"
"I know I have said it before, but I must again thank you and Jupiter for all of the help the Lords have given us in rebuilding our city."
Athena shook her head, "It was our pleasure, Elder."
"Before the flood," he yelled, "We had thirty thousand people, I understand.  We were left with only six thousand afterward.  Now that the Lords have descended Olympus to live and work among us, we are up to forty thousand people.  People from all twelve tribes, goddess."
Athena nodded, "Yes, and there is no more war, too."
"Oh, yes," he said.  "When Pluto and Neptune traveled among the Vrscika and Karka to end their war … it was amazing."  He clapped his hands and lifted them skyward.  "They had been at each other's throats for years, but those two Lords sat down with them and they made an agreement.  A peaceful settlement.  Unheard of."
Athena nodded.  When Hades and Poseidon returned from visiting those two tribes to end their war, they were beaten.  Days upon days of petty squabbling and negotiations.  Things appeared to be at a standstill until Poseidon, desperate for something to break the monotony, took the implement of a local fisherman and began to wield it with frightening dexterity.
"We know that your descent from the Mount has brought an unending era of peace and enlightenment to us all," Tenur said.
Athena smiled, "Elder, you know we can't give you all of our secrets too soon.  We can't enlighten you all at once."
"I know, goddess," he said with a chuckle.  "I know.  We are thankful for what help you can provide."
Athena looked ahead of them.  They were coming to the crest of the rocky path they had been traveling on for most of the day.  High above them, to their left, the twin peaks loomed.  Deucalion said they were called the "Gates of Hu," "Hu" meaning "gods."  Tenur offered to change it since the gods being referred to were their now-outdated superstitions.  Athena told him the name was fine.
"Are we near, Kanul?" Tenur asked.
A young, strapping man who had been reading looked up and around the side of the horse that drew them up the path.  He nodded, "Very near.  Just a few more minutes."
"What are we going to see?" Athena asked.
"Goddess, I would like to tell you," Tenur said, "but it is supposed to be a surprise."
They were still for most of the rest of the trip.  Finally, Kanul told the driver to stop and everyone left the bed of the wagon to gather before some brush.  Athena tied her horse to the side of the wagon and moved to join them, but Tenur held up his hand, keeping her back.
"Three years ago when the rock fell and the Great Flood swept away our city, you brought the Lords down from the mountain to help us."  Deucalion smiled broadly and motioned to either side.  "We all benefited from your kindness.  Kanul and the others were carried by Jupiter and Mercury aboard their flying craft and were brought here.  Kanul was among the last to leave before the flood came."
The large man appeared to be holding back tears as he spoke, "I was a boy myself just three years ago, …"
"You've grown well," Athena said.
Kanul smiled and seemed to relax somewhat, "I watched you hand child after child to Jupiter.  Saving every life you could and sacrificing yourself.  The golden eagle took to the air and I watched you from above.  I saw the water come and … destroy the city."  A single tear left his eye and he continued, "I watched you as long as I could, hoping you would be safe.  But then the water crashed and you were gone."
Tenur put his hand on Kanul's shoulder, "When he was let go here, below the Gates of Hu, he told the hundreds gathered here what he saw.  The Goddess Minerva, sacrificing her own life so others could live.  They wept and mourned and they vowed to remember what you did."
Kanul, Tenur, and the others stepped aside and motioned for Athena to walk toward the brush.  As she did so, she saw an opening carved into the mountain. 
"We call it the Tomb of Minerva," Tenur said.  Athena's head whipped to look at him as he continued, "The door is always open because you cannot be found here."  She smiled as she understood and Kanul spoke again.
"I had the idea as soon as we landed and I saw the rock face under the Gates of Hu.  Of course, at that time, I thought it could be an actual tomb."
"Yes, my son," Deucalion said, again touching his shoulder.  "But the door need never close.  And here, along this high road, no future flood can touch it."  He motioned toward the opening and continued, "It is unadorned now, but we will embellish it.  We will place twelve caskets inside to represent those of the Twelve Tribes who perished in the Flood.  With your permission, of course."
"Of course," she said.  Athena studied the open door for a few moments and slowly looked up and regarded the high peaks above.  She nodded and turned to hug each of the people gathered.
"Thank you," she said as she embraced Kanul.  "I will treasure this memory always."
XXXI
PROMETHEUS
5,524 Years Before the Final Exodus

Prometheus was fed up.
For nearly a century, he stayed with Zeus and the Olympians and he tried to convince them to stop this masquerade.  His concerns always fell on deaf ears.
He would try once more.
Prometheus stormed into the conference room with a full head of steam.  He was raring to go.  He was barely in the door when he said, quite loudly, "Zeus, we have to talk."
He looked up and saw only Hades and Poseidon.  "Sorry," Hades said, "Zeus isn't here."
Deflated, Prometheus looked around.  "Obviously.  When do you expect him?"
Hades shrugged but Poseidon spoke, "Who knows?  We're supposed to be going over some timetables for the Kobollians, but he hasn't shown up yet."
Prometheus nodded slowly and pulled out a chair.  "I'll wait."
He sat quietly while the brothers watched, stone faced.  Hades turned to Poseidon and cracked a smile.  "I want to see this."
Poseidon said nothing; instead he read through the notes he made earlier.  After a few silent moments, he spoke, not looking up from his papers, "What did you want to speak to him about this time?"
Prometheus looked down the table to the older man.  His body was younger in appearance than either Hades' or Prometheus', but Poseidon had been around longer than anyone else among the Olympians.
"The same things as before," Prometheus said meekly.
Hades chuckled, "You know how stubborn he can be.  Why would you think only a few decades would change his mind?"
Prometheus shrugged, "One can hope.  I've prayed about it."
Hades smiled and leaned back in his chair, "And you expect your prayers to be answered?"
"Yes.  Yes, I do."
"Tell me," Hades leaned back and crossed his arms.  "What makes you think God will answer your prayers about this when he didn't answer anyone's prayers before seven billion people were nuked?"  Poseidon slowly lowered his papers and looked up to see Prometheus' reaction.
"I don't know, Hades," he said.  "I have faith that, for whatever reason, the destruction of Larsan society was part of God's plan.  The good news being that our escape was part of his plan, too.  Here, we have a chance to correct some of the things we got wrong before."
"Such as?" Poseidon asked.
"For one, in most people's lives, God wasn't the primary focus.  God is love.  True believers in God are filled with his love and can't help but spread it.  If everyone put him first, there would be no problem."
Hades laughed.  "But not everyone believed in God …"
"True," Prometheus said.  "That's the glory of free will, a gift of God."
"No, you mean the gift of a free society," Poseidon said.
"And who blessed that free society?" Prometheus said, smugly.
"Face it brother, you can't win," Hades said.  "No matter what you say, he'll explain it away saying, 'It was God's will,' or, 'God did it.'"
"That's not explaining it away, Hades.  That's illustrating a central truth.  Everything happens according to God's will and God has a hand in everything."
Poseidon shook his head and picked up his papers again, "And that's why I have trouble with him."
At that moment, Zeus entered the room.  He exhaled loudly and wore a broad smile.  He pulled a chair from the table near Hades and sat down, "I feel fantastic.  You know, if you find the right woman on this planet, you will be …"   Hades cleared his throat and pointed toward Prometheus.  "Oh.  It's you."
"Yes, Zeus," he said.  "I came to speak with you."
"Again?"
"Again.  One last time."  Prometheus interlaced his fingers and straightened up in his chair.
"'One last time,' eh?  Well, I might enjoy this after all," Zeus said.  "Very well.  What do you wish to rebuke me about now?"
Prometheus sighed.  "Everything, perhaps."  Zeus rolled his eyes and looked at Hades who simply shook his head.  "First of all, I would like my DNA restored to its original form."
"No.  Next?"
"How can you refuse me?  You have tampered in the very … fabric of our beings in a vain effort to make yourself appear 'god-like.'"
Zeus began to speak and then he decided not to.  "How many more times do I have to say it?  We must all appear as gods at all times.  If you leave here looking shorter and not having an influential … what did you call it the other day, Hades?"
"Chara," he said.
"If you leave here short and without a Chara, then you've undermined all of us."
Prometheus shook his head, "I don't care."
"I don't care that you don't care," Zeus said.  His voice was beginning to get louder.  "Yes, I've violated every one of us Olympians.  Yes, I stomped all over your personal rights.  But it was needed in order to get us on the road toward the Great Experiment.  These guys here?  Not really happy about their DNA."
"Not at all," Poseidon said.
"See?"  Zeus turned in his chair to face his brother.  "Do you at least acknowledge that the alterations will help facilitate our plans that much more easily?"
Poseidon looked to the ceiling thoughtfully, "Yes.  But I'm still hopeful that you'll change your mind some day."
"And some day I might."  Zeus looked back to Prometheus, "What else do you have?"
He wasn't sure he wanted to let it go, but he knew belaboring that point was useless.  "The only other thing is the fundamental issue, two-sided, though it may be."
"Uh-huh."
"Setting yourselves up as gods and denying the existence of the one, true God."
"Right," Zeus said.  He waited for a few moments before continuing, "Did you have something new to say on that front?"
Prometheus lowered his head and stared at the grooves in the metal table.  He felt there would be no getting through to him today.  "By creating a godhood for yourselves, you are denying everyone on this planet the chance to follow the true God.  You are stunting their spiritual growth.  You are … shielding them from the love they could be experiencing.  Instead of facilitating blasphemy and sin, you should be trumpeting the love and power of God."
"Really?" Zeus said, sarcastically.
"Yes!  The Kobollians believe you are the 'Sky God,' so if you said there was someone else, someone more powerful, they would believe you.  And as quickly as that," he snapped his fingers, "all of this, this ego and pretense and yes, blasphemy, could be wiped clean!"
"I'm not in this for the ego," Zeus said.
Hades and Poseidon looked at each other and Prometheus seized on it.  "Yes, you are."
"Really?"
"We all saw the satisfaction you had describing the awe that Athena was accorded by the humans after her resurrection."  Prometheus waited for a reaction but Zeus betrayed none.  "In the last several decades, you've gone among the people, holding your arms aloft and being showered with petals and perfumes as though you were a victor in some contest."
"It's part of the show," Zeus said, softly.
"They are stilts under your rapidly inflating ego."
"Tell me, psychologist," Zeus said, finally showing anger, "Tell me all about me.  Analyze me."
"For the sake of time, I'll ignore your father issues."  Hades chuckled while Prometheus smirked and leaned back in his chair.  "You alone thought you could save Larsa.  You had ideas on this, that, and the other.  And then, when you realized you couldn't on your own, you gathered others to you."  Hades raised his eyebrows and studied his brother's face as he listened.
Prometheus pointed a finger at him, "So your cadre of scientists and experts set about to solve the world's problems.  Yes, I was among them, I realize.  But you truly believed that your little institute could hold the tempest at bay.  And when the storm was unleashed, you had to save yourself."
"I saved more than myself," Zeus interjected loudly.
"But at whose urging?"  Zeus' eyes widened.  "I overheard you speaking with Poseidon not long before the bombs fell.  You and your family were going to be the only ones saved.  He convinced you otherwise."
Poseidon looked down at the table, embarrassed.  Zeus straightened in his chair, "There's more to it than what you heard."
"Perhaps," Prometheus said.  "It doesn't matter.  You believed that you alone, with a group of people that you picked, could save the world.  And when that world ended, you changed your plan to start a new world because you believed you could do it.  And when we got stuck here, you believed that you could save this world all over again."
"Are you going somewhere with this?" Zeus said, impatiently.
"You are a narcissist.  You think you can change the world and save civilization, time and time again.  You do this, not because of altruism, but because of your ego."
"Please," Zeus scoffed.
"You are the end-all-be-all in your universe, Zeus.  You do whatever you please so long as it pleases you.  One need only look at how you treat women.  Hera, Leto … how many dozens of others did you bed at your institute?  And what were you saying when you came into the room?  Now you've engaged in sexual congress with the people below?  Is there no end to it, Zeus?"
"Enough," Zeus said.
"What can possibly satisfy you?  Long term, now.  And what will it take for you to realize your limits?  What could make you understand that you are just a man and that you're not really any better than those around you …"
"Enough," he said louder.
"… those that you treat like toilet paper?"
"Stop!"  
Prometheus went silent and leaned back again.  "Well.  I'm more concerned about the humans.  They have a real chance to rebuild society better than before.  Instead, you sit here, with your plans and your dictates, stunting their spiritual growth."
Zeus watched him for a moment and then said, "'Stunting their spiritual growth?'"
Prometheus continued, "If you continue down this path, your ego will become hubris and God's wrath may be unleashed upon you."
"Like what?"
"Larsa, maybe," Hades offered.
"What?" Zeus asked.
"We were talking about that before you came in.  Apparently, God is responsible for everything and everything is part of God's plan.  Including the nuclear holocaust."
"Oh, well then," Zeus said as he stood up.  "If God's plan involves the killing of billions of people, then allow me to say, 'Frak you, God.'"
Prometheus leaned back in his chair, "You don't mean that."
Zeus walked around the table toward the door.  "Well, only to a point.  I mean, how angry can anyone truly be at an imaginary being?"  No one said anything but Zeus motioned to the door.  "This would be your cue to leave, Prometheus."
He stood and walked up to Zeus.  "I am leaving Olympus for good.  You may never see or hear from me again, or you may.  It's up to God."
"Of course it is."
Prometheus left the conference room and went to his quarters.  He had already packed his bag, so he threw it over his shoulder and left.  In a few minutes, he was at the main entrance to Olympus and he slid open the makeshift gate and started to walk down the winding stairs.  It would take some time, but he would reach the bottom.  When he did, he would walk the world and find a new place.
"I will find people of like mind," he said to himself as the wind whipped at him.  "God's will be done."
XXXII
ZEUS
5,520 Years Before the Final Exodus

He didn't expect to be back here.
Zeus was standing in his old room, sweaty and naked, plowing into Hera's backside as he pulled her hair.  With a few more thrusts, he climaxed and pushed off to crash onto the bed.  Hera collapsed forward and landed in the covers, slowly rolling over and plopping an arm onto his chest.
"That was rather amazing," she said, out of breath.
"It was," Zeus replied.  He lay there, staring at the ceiling.  He was trying to piece together what this had all meant.
"Do you want some water?" she asked.
"Please."  He still stared at the ceiling.  Why did he go back to Hera?  He said he still loved her, but he didn't think he could ever be this close to her again.  After the way she had acted around him, Leto and the children?  "Thank you," he said as Hera held a glass over his head.
He took it and sat up, taking a sip.  He watched Hera move around the quarters to find a robe.  She was beautiful.  He couldn't deny it.  The fact that she had recently downloaded into a new body only helped his admiration of her form.  He sipped again.  But why go back?  Why subject himself to the torture?
"What are you thinking?" she asked without looking at him.
Zeus was surprised by the question and more surprised by his honest response.  "I'm just wondering how we ended up back together."
She smiled.  "I wonder that, too, sometimes."  She came back across the room, her robe unfastened, and she kissed Zeus' forehead.  "Familiarity, I suppose."
Is that what it was?  Comfort in what was already known?  "Could be."  Zeus stood and looked around for his clothes.  They were piled by a chair.  He walked over toward them and Hera stepped in front of him.
"We are together again, aren't we?"
Zeus raised his eyebrows and turned his head slightly.  "Yes."
A scowl formed on Hera's face.  "I do not want to go through … all of that again.  Ever."
Zeus exhaled slowly, placing his hands on her shoulders.  "Forever is a long time, especially for us."
She nodded.  "But still.  I would like some sort of assurance."
Zeus said nothing.  Instead, he softly ran two fingers under the collar of her robe, pushing it away from her neck until it slid to the floor.  He pulled her face toward his and kissed her.  He moved his mouth down her face and onto her neck, biting.  With his right hand, he cupped and caressed one of her breasts.  She pulled him back toward the bed and he fell on top of her.
As he re-entered her, Zeus mulled over the dirty play.  He couldn't answer her.  He couldn't give her any real assurances on his fidelity.  He knew himself too well.  It seemed easier to distract her.  And why not distract her in the most enjoyable way possible?
XXXIII
PROMETHEUS
5,499 Years Before the Final Exodus

Prometheus guided his cart slowly over the bumpy grade.  The hill had crested and he was now looking down upon a small village in the southern part of the Dhanus tribe.  The horse responded well to his commands and he didn't have to resort to slapping the reins too much.  
Children along the road saw him coming and ran into town.  Prometheus sighed; hoping this wouldn't be a repeat of Tammuz.  That village turned out in force to hail him, praise him, offer him animal sacrifices and virgins.  It was horrible.
With a flick of his wrist, the reins slapped on the horse's side and its pace quickened.  Before long, he passed the first huts of the village and he made no signs of stopping.  Behind him, people and children began to pile into the road.  He looked back, seeing their disappointment.  He grinned slightly and looked ahead … just in time to see an adorned village elder step into the middle of the road and raise his arms.  Prometheus pulled back on the reins and the horse slowed quickly; stopping just in front of the elder.
"Welcome to Sippar, Great Lord!" 
Prometheus nodded wearily.  "Thank you.  I fear I cannot stay.  I am in a bit of a hurry."
The elder lowered his arms and walked to the side of the cart, keeping his eyes from making contact.  "Great Lord, I offer you sanctuary in our humble village."  His Attican was rather abysmal.  Among the other attempts he had heard to speak the alien tongue, Prometheus found this one to be the worst.  "We can provide a resting place, food … whatever you desire."
Prometheus nodded again.  "Thank you, elder.  However, I must continue south."
"South, my Lord?"  The elder was now looking into Prometheus' face.  "I would not recommend it.  There are tales of heathen tribes in the south."
"'Heathens?'" Prometheus said.  He smiled a little, finding it amusing that this very embodiment of a heathen was warning him of heathens nearby.  "What sort of heathens, elder?"
The elder made a warding gesture, striking his arm over his face quickly, as though he were swatting a fly.  "I do not know, Lord.  I do not associate with katun such as they."
"I see."  Prometheus was intrigued now.  If he continued south, what would he find?  "Elder, I thank you for your hospitality.  May I ask how far south I must travel before I encounter either the heathens or the coast?"
"From here," the elder tilted his head in thought, "About two days.  You will find the heathens on the coast."
Prometheus nodded and gave the reins a jerk, sending the horse and cart ahead.  "Thank you again, elder."
"Thank you for blessing us with your presence, Lord!"
Prometheus continued on.  The trail grew more indistinct from the surrounding fields and rocks as he went.  He came across no other villages.  He camped out at night.  Upon rising the next day, he immediately headed south again.  For the whole day he traveled and late that evening, he began to smell salty air.  He knew the sea was near.  He camped again.  Rose again.  Moved south again.
Near midday, he saw the trees thin out ahead and heard the sound of the ocean.  He had arrived on the southern coast.  He looked to his left and saw a large grove of trees.  To his right, an expanse of sand that became rocks.  No sign of huts or a village of any kind.
He turned the horse and cart toward the trees and as he got closer, he noticed something odd.  There were buildings constructed around the trunks of them, camouflaged by leaves and branches.  He saw nets hanging to dry and a small fire.
Prometheus stepped off the cart and walked slowly toward the encampment.  "Hello?" he called.  There was no answer.  He passed by the first building and looked at the fire.  A metal plate with a fish on top was sitting in the middle.  The fish was going to burn soon.  Prometheus quickly stepped toward the fire and picked up the heavy wooden frame that surrounded the campfire.  Lifting it slowly, he caught the edge of the metal plate and he lifted it and the fish from the fire, setting it in the grass nearby.  When he finished, he stood, and he saw several men behind him.
"Greetings, large stranger.  Welcome to Zakro."
"And greetings to you," Prometheus said.  
"May the blessings of the Great One be upon us all," the man said.
As he spoke, Prometheus realized that this man was speaking flawless Attican.  "You speak … our language?"
"I was about to say the same thing," the man said.  He looked to his companions and then back to Prometheus.  "What brings you to our humble village?"
"I am traveling south."  True enough.  Beyond that, even he didn't have a good answer.  "You spoke of a 'Great One.'  Is that your god?  The being you worship?"
The man in the lead nodded and smiled.  "Yes.  It is a being without a name."
Prometheus furrowed his brow and became even more intrigued, "What can you tell me about this god?"
With a minor shrug, the man said confidently, "Our god is … love."
XXXIV
LETO
5,482 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Pull back tighter," Leto said.
Artemis complied, and she pulled the bowstring as far back as she could.  "Like this?"
"You've got it."  Before she could instruct her further, Artemis released the string and the arrow flew through the air, hitting the small mark on the tree trunk.  "Wow."
"I hit it?" Artemis asked.
"I'll say," Leto walked the twenty meters to the tree and removed the arrow.  "Spot on."  She stepped aside and returned to Artemis.  "Try again."
Her daughter leaned over and pulled another arrow from the quiver on the ground.  She quickly strung it, pulled back, and released.  It very nearly landed on the same spot as before.  "Holy shit."
Leto walked back to the tree and removed the arrow, "I think we've found your calling."
Artemis smiled and she picked the quiver off the ground.  She walked back a further ten meters and repositioned herself.  Leto returned to her side and tossed the arrow on the forest bed next to the quiver.  As her daughter continued to string and fire, Leto looked around.  She soaked in the solitude.  The quiet.
For years, she lived on Olympus.  For years, she heard the noises of the vessel and her crew.  She was used to it.  Out here, there was only nature.  The smells were different.  The light was different.  She enjoyed it, but there was a sense of safety she felt on the ship that she couldn't get outside.
They were northeast of Mount Olympus.  Far from the City of the Gods and therefore far from the prying eyes of the Kobollians.  They were nice enough people.  Gullible, as any primitive society would be when confronted by the power Zeus wielded.  She never felt comfortable with them.  Though Artemis was an adult, one who had already downloaded a couple of times, she stayed by her mother's side.  This did not bother Leto, but she did feel somewhat guilty.
"Artemis," Leto began, "have you ever thought about leaving the Olympus?"
She lowered the bow and looked at her mother with a wry smile, "Of course I've thought about it.  I'm not actually going to do it, though."
"Why do you say that?"
"Well, for one thing, Kobol isn't exactly like the Olympus.  I've become accustomed to … a certain lifestyle."  Leto laughed.  "Stop it.  I know you feel the same way."
Her mother nodded, "I do.  But you've learned a great deal.  Archery just being the newest skill.  You can survive on your own out here.  You don't need Olympus' processed proteins any longer."
Artemis brought the bow back up and re-strung an arrow.  "Hephaestus has gotten the processors to use the sacrifices the humans give us."
"What?"
She released the string and the arrow sailed into the tree.  "To replenish the ship's stores, Hephaestus just finished a … something that can break down fruit, vegetables, whatever organic matter you put in it to replenish the ship's food processors."
"I knew he was working on it, but," Leto shook her head and looked to the tree and noted the many arrows stuck into the bark.  "That could help so many, many people."
"Yep," Artemis said while she fired again.  "Why don't you leave Olympus and come live off the land with me?"
Leto stood dumbfounded.  Staring at her daughter, she looked as though she couldn't process the question.  "What?"
"Come on, mother."  Artemis picked up the empty quiver and walked toward the tree.  "You've been cooped up in there for one hundred-fifty years.  Plus, there's … father."
Leto sighed and shook her head.  "I'd rather you didn't mention him."
"I know," she muttered as she yanked the shafts from the bark.  "That's why I hesitated."
"Besides, that's not really his fault, you know."  Leto swayed to the side and rotated away from her daughter, hiding her face.  "I abandoned him, in a way."
"What?  When he made himself a god?"  Artemis laughed.  She flicked bits of wood off the arrowheads and dropped them into the cylinder at her shoulder.  
"Yes.  I wasn't there for him.  Hera was," her voice trailed off.
There was silence for a moment, until Artemis spoke.  "And now she's pregnant."
Leto didn't move.  She simply breathed.   How could she be angry?  Hera was Zeus' wife.  But she was angry.  It wasn't fair.  "It's not fair."
"What isn't?" Artemis asked.
Not realizing she had said that aloud, she looked up, surprised.  "I don't know."
"You don't still want him, do you?"
Leto paused.
"Oh, god," Artemis said, shaking her head.  "You do, don't you?"
"I can't help it."
"You want to stay on Olympus and try to re-insinuate yourself between Zeus and Hera?"
Leto nodded and she whispered; her eyes glazed over and stared into the distance, "Yes."
"Knowing all of the stress that will cause?  What you'll go through?"
"Yes."
Artemis shook her head.  "For frak's sake, why?"
Leto shrugged and then smiled, gamely, "I still love him."
XXXV
HADES
5,480 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Why isn't Zeus here?" Antaeus asked.
Hades shook the large pan once over the fire.  He smiled, broadly.  "Well, he's too much of … an incendiary figure."
Atlas laughed.  "I'd agree with that."
The waves were receding.  High tide ended some time ago, but there was still plenty of day left to burn.  Hades' beach cook fire was well prepared and stocked.  The fish were nearly finished and the other "wayward" Lords were gathering around.
"So," Selene began as she sat on a rock, "how, exactly, does Zeus expect you to bribe us to come back?"
Hades smiled again, "I'm not going to bribe you."  With a thumb, he lifted up one side of the fish that was cooking in his pan.  "My food may be pretty tasty, though."
Eos put her hand on Hades' back, "It is good."  She sat down beside Hades and glanced over at her mother.  Dione was stirring a pot of diced vegetables.
"I'm glad you all agreed to meet me here," Hades said.  "I know Prometheus is out of pocket ..."
"To say the least," Atlas added.
"But, still.  You're all here."  He pulled the pan from the fire and Antaeus took it.  Hades stood and stretched his arms.  "Let's eat, and we can talk some more."
They finished their prep and the fish was plated.  About midway through, Helios spoke, though with a partially full mouth.  "Where's Leto?"
"Still on Olympus," Hades said.
Dione seemed skeptical, "Why?"
Hades shrugged as he swallowed his food.  "I don't think she has changed her mind on the 'experiment,' but that's where she's staying."  He reached for his cup of wine.  "You're all welcome to live there.  Regardless of your choice, by the way."
Eos slid on the log toward Hades and put an arm around his waist.  "Zeus doesn't care if we help or not?"
"Eos," Dione whispered, looking at the physical contact.
Hades grinned at her.  "That's certainly not the impression I got," he said.  "Look, I know everyone was put in a pretty bad place a while back.  I know the decision to be deities isn't exactly popular.  Hell, there are some of us who still aren't sure about it.  But with all of us Larsan survivors living on the Olympus, at the very least we can all be together.  We can help the humans when they need it.  If you choose to take part in the theological aspect of everything, that's great.  If not … well, at least you're still home."
Atlas shook his head, "This doesn't sound like Zeus at all."
"No reason it should," Hades said.  "This is me talking."
"Wait, what?" Antaeus asked.
Hades nodded, "Zeus tasked me a while back to try and get everyone on board with the plan.  But I'm a realist.  I know that's not going to happen."  He took another sip of wine.  "You have your beliefs, your opinions on this matter, and that's fine.  For me, I think we'd all be happier if we could all just be together again."
"And what about Zeus' experiment?" Selene asked.
"Participate or don't.  Zeus is too damned busy to hang around Olympus all day to see who's helping and who isn't.  Come, live on the ship again … live your lives."
Eos never took her eyes off Hades.  He looked at her and smiled.  Dione sighed, "Well, I believe I know what my daughter would like to do."
"I want to go back with you," she said.
Hades lightly touched her cheek.  "I figured as much."
Atlas exhaled loudly and looked toward the sea.  "I don't know, man."
"What about our DNA, huh?" Antaeus said.  "Zeus went in and changed who we are."
Hades nodded.  "I know.  That was frakked up."
"So …," Antaeus said, trying to lead Hades somewhere.
"You've got to admit," Hades said, "He made it so we don't have to deal with anti-radiation injections anymore."  Selene scoffed.  "Still, Zeus has made no promises about returning everyone to normal.  He said it's a possibility, but …"
"Yeah, right," Atlas said.  
Dione stood and brushed the back of her pants off as she spoke, "Look, I don't know why everyone keeps deferring to Zeus on anything."
"What do you mean?" Hades asked.
"Why is he the leader?" she replied.
Atlas spoke up, "He kept us together when everything went to shit.  He had the plan to get us off Larsa."
"Bia, too," Dione interrupted.
Atlas nodded, "Yes, but I still give the man respect for all he did."
"We owe him, in that regard," Selene said.
Dione looked to the clouds, trying to pull more thoughts down, "Why is he still the leader?  We've been here for two hundred years.  Why don't we have a little democracy of our own?"
"Have you seen who we have among us?" Hades asked.  "Don't get me wrong, Hephaestus is a nice guy, but he's an engineer.  You don't want an engineer to be president."
"He'll micromanage everything," Atlas said.
"Exactly.  And Dionysus?  He'd be fun, but then what?"  Hades looked around and saw the nods.  "Poseidon's a good guy but he's an emotional hermit.  He's all brains and little in the way of gut instinct.  Hermes?  Ares?  Both are too headstrong.  They'd act first and think about it later."
"I could say the same about Zeus," Selene said.
"Sometimes, yes," Hades replied.  "Most of the time, Zeus has a plan.  And when the plan changes or falls apart, he'll come up with something to get out of the mess he's in."  Hades sighed and shook his head.  "I know he can be a dick," the others laughed, "but right now, he's the best we've got."
"What about you?" Eos asked.
Helios nodded, "Yes.  Why not you?"
Hades laughed and shook his head again, "I'm a slacker.  Being a leader requires too much effort."  
Atlas laughed.  "And that's why I couldn't do it, either."
Dione stepped away from the fire, pulling Antaeus with her.  They spoke softly.  Selene set her empty plate on the table and stood up.  "I'm going to think about it for a while," she said to Hades.
"That's fine, doctor.  Thank you."
Atlas stood and spoke, "Me, too.  I'll either … show up at Olympus one day or not."
Hades nodded.  Eos put her hand on Hades' leg, "I want to go."
"I know," he replied.  He touched her cheek again.  He smiled broadly and looked deeply into her eyes.  He knew her as a child more than a century ago and she grew up away from the ship.  He saw her a few times over the years, here and there.  She always managed to capture his attention and imagination.  Now that they were close together, he could think of little else but touching her.  "What is it the Kobollians call you?"
Eos laughed, softly.  "'Aurora.'  They say it means I light up the people around me."
Hades smiled, "It's beautiful.  I like it."
"Really?"  He nodded and then she leaned forward, pressing her lips against his quickly and with a ferocity that surprised Hades.  He retreated for a moment but then he pressed forward himself, pulling her body closer to his.
Dione saw this from afar and pulled on Antaeus' sleeve.  "How is that happening?  They've known each other for … hours."
Antaeus glanced back and saw the affection.  He faced his wife again and scoffed.  "They've known each other off and on for decades."
Hades pulled away and Eos slowly opened her eyes.  She smiled broadly and ran her fingers up his neck and into his hair.  "Live on Olympus with you?"
Hades smiled, "Yep."
"I can't wait."
XXXVI
PROMETHEUS
5,476 Years Before the Final Exodus

Yet again, Prometheus found that his face hurt.  For a time, he believed it was the many hours he spent in the sun.  Later, he realized it was because he was constantly smiling.
He had lived among these people for twenty-three years.  After leaving Zakro, he sailed south, hopping from island to island, living among the people he found.  After ten years, he made it to the smaller southern continent, Scythia, and lived among the people there.
"May the Great One bless you," the crowd said as Prometheus guided his horse from the village.  
Truly, God was working on this planet again.  The monotheists he had met never gave their deity a name, but the message was clear.  A single, powerful, loving god.  Prometheus knew that this was the God of Larsa.  His God.  He was happy to worship with them and spread the message.  
He headed further south now, toward the village of Larak.  This was the main village of these tribes, he had been told.  Prometheus was unsettled by the name of the village.  There was something familiar about it.
For days, he and his horse moved south, sleeping by the river just a few hundred meters from the road.  He met nary another soul for three days.  One night as he camped by the river, Prometheus felt the presence of someone else.
"Who's there?" he asked.
"Hello," a man said.  He stepped into the wavering light of the fire.  His clothes were clean and loose.  Light colors.  Tan, perhaps.  His dark, shaved head glistened in the moonlight.  He smiled and offered his hand.  "I am Anaxo."
Prometheus raised a single eyebrow.  That name, … and he realized that the stranger was speaking Attican every bit as well as every other monotheist he had encountered.  "Anaxo.  I am Prometheus."
"Yes," Anaxo sat down on a log across from him.  "I've heard of you from some of our northern settlements."
Prometheus nodded and motioned toward a pan of fried meat he wouldn't be finishing, "There's some left, if you would like …"
"No, thank you," Anaxo held up his hand.  "I ate a short while ago."  He shuffled his feet and looked up at the sky.  "So, Prometheus, you are one of the Lords of Kobol, are you not?"
With a sharp inhale, Prometheus sat erect and looked Anaxo square in the face.  He was still staring at the stars.  "I am … of their kind.  I do not, however, hold myself up as a kind of god."
"Not even a little?"  Anaxo leaned forward and squinted, "Aren't you tempted by the fawning of the masses?  The virgins offered up to you?"
Prometheus was disgusted, "No.  Not at all."
Anaxo nodded.  "Good.  Very good."  He clapped his hands and relaxed.  "Tell me what you know of our deity."
"God?"
Anaxo winced and held a single finger up, "Our lord prefers not to have a name."
Prometheus nodded.  "Yes.  I've gathered as much from my visits with others in this part of the world."
"So, what do you know?"
Prometheus smiled.  "I know I am happier than I have ever been."
"That is good to hear."
"The One," Prometheus said, pausing for effect at the only name that seemed to be accepted among the people here, "is love.  And he has a plan for us all."
"Yes," Anaxo said.
"The commandments of God, sorry," Prometheus said with an apologetic grin, "the One, are clear.  No other deity is to be placed higher than it.  Be fruitful and multiply.  Do not …"
"Yes, the commandments," Anaxo interrupted.  "But the plan, Prometheus, I feel, is more important now than the commands."
"You do?"
"I do."  Anaxo licked his lips and lowered his head, "Prometheus, do you know what the plan is?"
Prometheus blinked a few times.  After a moment, he looked down, realizing he had been wringing his hands.  "I used to think I did."
"But?" Anaxo asked.
"But … my home was lost.  And we came here."  Prometheus leaned over and picked up his tin of water.  After taking a sip he looked back at Anaxo, seeing that he was eagerly awaiting his answer.  "And my fellow … my companions abandoned God.  Abandoned the One.  And I find myself in the wilderness."
"No wilderness here, my brother," Anaxo said.
Prometheus nodded, but his face still belied a somber tone.  "I know, in my head, that there is a plan.  But … I do not know if I am a part of it."
Anaxo stood from the log and stepped around the fire to Prometheus' side.  He took his hand and held it tightly.  "Prometheus, there is a plan for everyone.  Everyone has the chance to play their part.  But they have to make the right choices.  And you," he pointed a finger directly at his chest, "most certainly have a part to play."
"'Make the right choices?'" he asked.  "What do you mean?"
Anaxo smiled and stood, patting Prometheus on the shoulder.  "One of the greatest gifts we've been given is free will.  So far, you're choosing just right."
Prometheus nodded.  "I see."
"Get some sleep, brother," Anaxo said as he walked back to his log.  "In the morning, I'll ride with you into Larak.  It's not far."
Prometheus pulled his bedroll from the cart and spread it out near the fire.  Anaxo sat on the log with a branch, letting the flames singe the end and then pulling it out to observe the ember and the curls of smoke.  Prometheus watched him do this for what seemed like hours.  And then he fell asleep.
The next morning, Anaxo gripped Prometheus' shoulder.  "Wake up.  The sun rose two hours ago."
Prometheus lurched and saw that the sun, indeed, was well above the horizon.  "I did not mean to sleep so long.  I'm sorry."
"No worries," Anaxo said.  "You needed it."
After putting away his things and eating a few bites of dried fruit, Prometheus climbed back atop his horse.  Anaxo sat in the cart behind him.  They pulled away from the river bank and back to the path.  They rode silently most of the way and a couple of hours later, Prometheus saw the village ahead.
The buildings were very sturdily constructed.  Bricks, stone work, fine woodwork.  He was stunned at the level of craftsmanship he saw.  "This is Larak?"
"Yes, it is," Anaxo said.
People began to crowd around the horse and cart as Prometheus pulled it toward the center of the village.  Hundreds had emerged from homes and shops.  Most of the people were smiling.  Prometheus stopped the horse next to a small pool in the middle of the village.  The horse began to drink and Prometheus walked around to the end of the cart.
"Greetings, stranger," one finely dressed man said. 
"Greetings to you," Prometheus responded.  "I come from the north."
The man chuckled, "Obviously.  We've been expecting you.  We heard of your travels among our brothers in villages to our north."
"Yes.  I am Prometheus."
The man bowed slightly at the waist.  "And I am Carthus."
A puzzled expression washed across his face.  Again, a name seemingly out of place.  "Carthus, thank you for your welcome."
"Our pleasure, brother."  Carthus put a hand on Prometheus' arm, "You are our brother."
Prometheus found himself smiling again.  "Yes.  A brother in the Great One."
Carthus raised his hands skyward.  "Yes, indeed."  He lowered them and again took Prometheus by the arm, "Your horse and cart will be tended to, of course.  I can provide a place for you to stay."
"I am humbled, sir, by your hospitality."
"Not at all," Carthus said.  He waved across the crowd of onlookers.  "We are Draco and this is how we treat family."
Prometheus' face fell and he looked at the people.  Draco.  He slowly turned his head back to Carthus and found his voice lacking in volume.  After a quick cough, he asked, "'Draco?'"
"Yes.  That is the name for our … nation, if you will."  Carthus motioned toward a large building.  It was framed in wood, but stones made up the façade.  "Please, come join us in here.  Troubling things are afoot across all Larsa."
Prometheus was reticent to move.  "Did you say … 'Larsa?'"
Carthus smirked, "Yes.  That is our world."  He furrowed his brow, "Why do our names confound you so?"
Prometheus glanced back and caught the eyes of Anaxo.  He was grinning.  He looked back at Carthus.  "I …," he leaned forward to speak more quietly.  The leader smiled and moved closer.  "I am curious."
Carthus straightened up.  "Your curiosity has leapt far ahead, indeed."  He smiled and began walking away from the stone building.  "Please, join me this way."  
Prometheus followed.  A small contingent of other similarly robed men and women followed Carthus.  Anaxo walked next to Prometheus silently.  Most of the citizens remained behind.  They passed between buildings and found themselves on the outskirts of the village, wading through tall, wild grass.  A few moments later, they were walking down a well-worn path on a hill.
"Carthus, where are we going?" Prometheus asked.
"You wished to know the origin of our names," he said.  He stopped and turned, "More than that, our name is the origin of so very much."  He smiled again and kept walking.
The group walked around a jagged hill and found a tall, angular lump in a dry creek bed.  Once they came down the hillside, the group of people lined up against the slope of the feature and motioned to Prometheus' left.  He paused.  He scanned his eyes suspiciously over the people and then up the slope.  It stood some fifteen meters above the floor of the bed.
"Go on, Prometheus," Anaxo said.  "You wanted to know."
With some hesitation, Prometheus walked where the others had motioned.  He stepped around the perimeter of the large feature.  It was covered in dirt and rock.  Suddenly, as he moved further around, he saw that the dirt was washed away.  Sunken beneath the ground and extending above his head, he saw metal.  More than that, Prometheus saw a hatch.  It was an external airlock hatch.  He put a hand on the wheel and turned it slowly.  As he did so, he looked to his right.  Partially obscured in the dirt and dust of ages, he saw a registry number and the name, "DRACO."
"Welcome to the Sacred Vessel," Carthus said.
Prometheus didn't want to go inside.  His mind reeled and reeled.  He thought back to Larsa, millennia ago.  He couldn't believe he was touching a piece of the past.  His face tingled and his chest thumped.  He was barely able to move his feet in front of each other as he walked into the hatch and up the metal ramp.  There was another hatch, and he opened it quickly; the air hissed around him.
Once inside the corridor, Anaxo spoke to him from behind, "Turn left."
Without thinking, Prometheus complied.  He passed by several closed doors and then stopped.  He looked up, realizing that some of the overhead lights were on.  "Emergency lighting?" Prometheus asked no one in particular.
"Go in there," Anaxo directed again.  Prometheus stopped and looked back at him.  Saying nothing, Anaxo nodded toward the hatch on their right.
It was someone's quarters.  There was a thin layer of dust on everything.  A light flickered above their heads.  The bed was made.  A bookshelf immediately drew Prometheus' attention.  Classics of Larsan literature.  He sighed and turned toward the desk.  Papers and journals were arranged neatly.  He picked up a photograph and blew off the dust.  There, standing in the dress grays of a now-ancient human military force, was Anaxo.
Looking over Prometheus' shoulder, Anaxo said, "Looked good in uniform, huh?"
XXXVII
ANAXO
5,867 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Status?" he said as he clicked himself into the berth.
"Thrusters are ready."  The pilot grabbed the control stick and flipped a series of switches.  "It's now or never."
Anaxo nodded.  "Begin deorbit burn."
Cara pressed a blinking square and the Draco shook.  The four people in the command hold were flung forward and the ship began to descend toward Larsa.  "Reentry in twenty seconds," she said.
Captain Anaxo tightened his straps.  The craft shuddered and his head bounced off the foam rim of the small cubicle.  After more than two minutes, the ride became smooth.  "How does it look?"
She nodded.  "Good.  We're good."
"Are we on course for Scythia?"
"Yes," she said.  "Radiation levels are a little high, but I guess it's too late now."  She turned a knob and her small screen's image rolled south.  "Scythia seems to be fine.  Lower radiation than the rest of the planet."
"That's why we chose it."  Moments later, he saw that the landscape beneath the ship had shifted.  "Are we still on course?"
"Yes," she said.  "I've got a good place.  An old riverbed."
"What if it rains?" the engineer said.
"There's no water anywhere around," she said.  "There's a village nearby, too."
"Good."  Anaxo turned his berth around to face the engineer and he said, "How quickly can we thaw everyone out?"
"I can wake about a dozen an hour.  I'll need help first.  Medical help."  He shrugged and pointed to his monitors, "You know how you felt when you woke up.  They need water, injections, you name it."
"Right."
"I'll wake a few medical personnel first and then they can help me with the rest.  It'll take time."
"I'm on final approach to the site," Cara said.
"Do it."  
The Draco banked and turned upright.  The bulkheads shook as its rockets fired and it lowered into place.  "Shutting down engines," she said.  A few switch flips later, she unbuckled herself and slipped out of the swiveling panel.  She was standing on a post near the captain's berth.  "My job is finished."
Anaxo smiled and unbuckled himself.  He climbed out of his padded cot and slowly maneuvered around his cockeyed command hold toward the hatch.  He spun the wheel and found the corridors outside to be right-side up.
"Let's go."  He climbed from the opening and stood in the hallway.  He stretched his arms and helped both the pilot and the engineer down.  They walked through the curved corridor toward the ladder.  They took it three levels down and came to the airlock.  On the other side lay their home, Larsa.
Anaxo put one hand on the wheel and he looked at the display by the alert lights.  There were no atmospheric alarms.  He sighed as he realized there wasn't a radiological alarm, either.  With one hand he flipped a latch and then spun the wheel.  He pulled the door open and the three of them walked to the outer hatch.  Again, he checked the display and saw normal conditions.  He removed the locking mechanism and turned the wheel.  Anaxo opened the outer hatch and he stepped out into the dirt.
The dry bed of the river was about half-a-meter from the bottom of the door.  The small leap was easy for him, but he took the hand of both his pilot and engineer.  They stepped away from the ship and moved into the center of the riverbed.  The clouds of vapor and dust were beginning to dissipate.  Anaxo turned and looked around.  It seemed barren.  The pilot looked into the sky at the midday sun and shielded her eyes.  Somehow, it seemed more harsh.
"Phil," the engineer said.
Anaxo turned and looked in the direction he was facing.  A group of people had gathered on the hill near the river.  They were cowering in the dehydrated brush.  Watching.
The captain inhaled slowly and touched both of his crew members on their shoulders.  "Come on."
"Shouldn't I remain?" the engineer said.  "What if they're hostile?  If they kill the three of us, no one will be left to wake the others."
Anaxo smiled and the pilot shook her head.  "Yeah, yeah.  Fine.  Get back inside and start.  Cara and I can do this."
"Thanks, boss."  He went back to the hatch and walked inside.
Anaxo and the pilot looked at the people on the hill for a while.  They never moved.
"Shouldn't we just walk to them?" she asked.
Anaxo hesitated and then nodded.  "I believe so."
The pair walked toward the side of the river bank and he held his hands away from his body.  "Be sure you smile," he said.
The people on the hill stood and a few ran away.  One of the more lavishly dressed women remained still and she lifted her head defiantly.  "Kai togrun?!"
Anaxo stopped, still several meters away.  He smiled as he spoke, "Hello."  He made a slight bow toward the woman and he said, "I am Phil Anaxo."
The woman moved away from the brush and to a slope.  She walked down the hill toward the pair while three men behind her yelled and pleaded.
"Mort fem," she said.  "Kai gerad?"
Cara was smiling, but she asked through her teeth, "What language …"
"I have no idea," Anaxo said.  He took a step forward toward the woman and she wavered somewhat.  "I am Phil."
The woman's breathing began to quicken.  She looked from Anaxo to his companion and then to the Draco.  A steam vent opened and vapor belched out, billowing and then rising into the sky.  The woman then got down on her knees before the captain and she spread her arms wide.  The three men on the hill above knelt and wailed.
"Kai u kai!" she said.  The men behind her repeated the phrase.
Anaxo was confused and he looked at the woman.  She was fearful.  A tear ran down her face but Phil saw that she was smiling.  He bent over and gently raised her up.  He grinned and said, "I'm no god."
XXXVIII
HERA
5,470 Years Before the Final Exodus

Suspicion.
Hera had hers for weeks.  Zeus was being too covert about his days.  He would descend the mount to talk to the priests or address throngs of humans below, but that wasn't all day, every day.  No, there was something else.
She followed him around the ship without actually following him.  She sat on the control deck, her hand pressed into the datastream pad, seeing Zeus walk the halls of Olympus.  And then she would inquire on Leto's whereabouts.  Sometimes, they would pass each other in the halls.  There would be a look.  A nod.  Something almost indefinable that spoke volumes to her.
This time she watched Zeus walk the hallways at night. She sat in near darkness in the control room to watch her husband aimlessly wander the corridors.  Was she wrong?  Doubts nipped at her until she saw him go to Leto's quarters.
She pulled her hand off the pad.  She closed her eyes and bit the inside of her lip.  Her face flushed hot and she felt light-headed.  Anger.  Sheer rage welled within.  She breathed deeply, in and out.  In and out.  Then she put her hand back onto the pad.  Moving her virtual eye into Leto's quarters, Hera saw Zeus and Leto, lying on her bed, kissing.  Groping.  Pulling off clothes.  She removed her hand again.
Hera stood and smoothed out the wrinkles in her shirt.  In a very deliberate move, she walked to the door and then to the lift.  She forced herself to breathe calmly again.
In.  Out.  In.  Out.
The doors slid open on the quiet residential deck.  She didn't exit.  She had just inhaled and she kept the air in her lungs for a moment longer.  Pursing her lips, she exhaled through her mouth and stepped into the corridor.  Hera turned and walked quietly; judging each footfall so as to not make much noise.  She came to Leto's quarters, slowly gripped the hatch wheel, and then spun it to the left.  She pushed it open and saw that they were now naked.  No sheet covered them.  Zeus' head was clasped between Leto's legs and she only then noted Hera's presence.
"Good God!" she exclaimed, pulling away from Zeus.
He sat up, seeing his wife and sighed loudly.  "Well?"
Hera was quiet.  She blinked a couple of times.  Her nostrils flared as she inhaled again.  She looked at Leto and said in an alarmingly even tone, "Please leave."
"But this is my room …"
Zeus shook his head, "Just go.  This won't take long."
Leto looked at Zeus and then to Hera.  She was too busy staring at Zeus to pay her any mind, so Leto stood.  Pulling on some jogging pants and sliding into a shirt, she stepped into the hallway.  She looked back to Zeus before Hera reached behind her and pushed the hatch shut.  She spun the wheel and swung a bar from the door onto a metal catch on the wall.
"What are you doing?" Zeus asked.
"Locking the door," Hera said.  She took two steps from the hatch.  "You may want to consider that next time."
He nodded.  "Good point."  Hera didn't respond.  She only stared.  After a few moments, Zeus sat back on the bed and sighed again, "Well?"
"That's my line."
He nodded.  "What do you want me to say?"
She was silent. 
"Look, we've been together again for fifty years."  She still didn't speak.  Zeus sat up and reached for his pants, "That's a good run for most people, and then consider that we had a century together before that …"
"I don't need you to tabulate how many years you've put into our relationship."  Each word shot from her mouth; their ends bitten off by her scowl.  "You gave your word to honor me.  To honor us."
"I did.  And I broke that word once before."
"Twice now," she interrupted.
"Yes, twice."  Zeus stepped into his pants and stood before Hera.  He was slightly taller than her, but, somehow, she managed to still look down on him.
"Twice, at least."  Hera glanced around Leto's room.  In the low light, she noted the disarray of clothes, books, empty dinner trays … 
"And you still took me back."
Hera's glare snapped from the table to lock with his eyes.  "Are you … I'm sorry, but it sounded as though you were about to lay blame on me for this."
A corner of Zeus' mouth curled upward and he shrugged.  "You knew I was a bastard."
Hera's face flushed hot again.  Her fingers tingled and she wanted to lash out.  So she did.
She swiped her left hand toward him and caught his throat.  He stumbled backward, gasping.  She looked to Leto's messy table and grabbed a fork from the dinner tray.  She turned back to Zeus, who was now regaining his balance.  She kicked at his knee and he collapsed instantly.  Hera leapt in front of him, grabbed his forehead and pushed it back onto the footboard of Leto's bed as hard as she could.  She reached into his hair and pulled it forward again.  His eyes rolled about in their sockets and he gave a subdued groan.
She stepped behind him, placing her palm on his forehead and pulling his head into her abdomen.  With her fingers wrapped tightly around the fork, she plunged it into the side of his throat.  She let it stay for a moment.  In her mind, she saw the fork as it was on the table a few moments before.  She could picture the crusted sauce and bits of vegetables on its tines.  The thought of a dirty fork entering the body repulsed her and she removed it.  Blood sprayed from his punctured neck artery and arced into a fine mist onto the carpet.  She released Zeus' forehead and he fell flat on the floor.  She stood still for a moment and watched as the blood slowed its exodus from his body.
In.  Out, she breathed.  In.  Out.
She looked at the hatch and stepped around Zeus' body.  She flipped up the latch and spun the wheel.  Hera pulled the door open and entered the corridor.  Leto was standing against the far wall, her arms crossed over her chest.  She saw Hera's bloodied clothes and the fork.  Leto gasped.
"What …"  Saying nothing else, she ran into her quarters and shrieked.  
Hera remembered the fork then and she dropped it.  She walked into the lift and took it down one level.  Stepping out into the corridor, she turned into the resurrection bay.  She heard the doors sliding open on a pod to her right and she ran across the floor as quickly as she could.  Seeing Zeus' naked, wet form sliding out of the container, she pulled her arm back and backhanded him across the face.
He slumped against the side of the pod and coughed loudly.  "Frak!  What?"
She straightened her posture and tried to resume calm breathing.  "What do you mean, 'What?'"
Zeus struggled to regain his balance.  His feet kept slipping in the gel.  "Will you … will you give me a hand?"  Hera said nothing.  "A towel?  Anything?"
She still said nothing.
Zeus grabbed the sides of the container and steadied himself.  "There is nothing I can say to you to assuage your feelings.  The hurt you feel."
She exhaled loudly.  "True."
"Are we finished?"
Hera almost smiled, "Our marriage?"
"Yes."
She shook her head, "I won't give you that pleasure."
Just then, the resurrection bay hatch swung open again and Leto darted inside, "Zeus, what the hell …"
This would be when Hera lost any semblance of composure.
She turned in a rage and stalked toward the door, her hands balled into fists, "If you don't get the frak out of my eyeline this second, I will gut you with my bare hands!"
Leto's eyes widened and her face grew ashen.  Zeus spoke above the sound of Hera's footsteps, "Go, Leto."
She left and closed the hatch behind her.
Zeus chuckled and Hera stood, staring at the closed hatch.  "I don't think anyone has ever you seen you like this before."
She turned from the door, her head held low.  She felt somewhat defeated for losing her temper like that.  "It would be wise for everyone if I was never given cause to be like this again."
"Sure."  Zeus stepped out of the pod and walked across the cold floor to the clothes racks on the nearby wall.  He pulled a towel down and wiped himself off.  Then he took a robe and slipped into it.  "You do realize, of course, that your explosion of violence upstairs won't stop me from being with her."
Hera didn't look Zeus in the eye.  She never lifted her head.  Softly, she said, "I know."
Zeus tied the belt of his robe and walked around her to the hatch.  Opening it, he went into the corridor.
Hera stood still for a while longer.  She tried to regulate her breathing, but she couldn't.  She looked at the blood on her hands and absent-mindedly wiped them across her shirt.  Naturally, they didn't get any cleaner.  
XXXIX
ZEUS
5,458 Years Before the Final Exodus

Zeus stepped onto the wooden dais with Athena at his side.  Hundreds of people below him cheered and wailed.  He smiled and waved, whispering through gritted teeth, "Where are we?"
Athena was waving and smiling, too.  "Sippar," she responded.
"Greetings, Sippar!" Zeus roared.  The crowd roared back.  The village elder finally rose from his kneeling position and applauded.  Zeus continued to speak, "I am thrilled to be in this lovely part of the world.  When the weather is as nice as this, I certainly don't miss Mina!"
The people laughed and cheered more.  Zeus had told some variation of that joke to every crowd in every tribe he visited over the last year or so.  Zeus walked to the lip of the stage and he pulled at the edges of his purple cape.  The elder held his hands aloft, quieting the crowd.  Zeus inhaled deeply and tried to guess how many people were here.  At least a thousand, it seemed.  Well, this was one of the smaller villages.
"I am visiting every village in every tribe on Kobol to express our thanks to you for letting us into your lives."  Many in the crowd tried to applaud but Zeus kept speaking, "With our knowledge and expertise, we Lords of Kobol hope to shepherd everyone into a new and brighter day.  A time when war among the tribes will no longer be a threat.  A time when hunger and poverty need not claim the lives of thousands.  A time when each and every person can choose the path for their lives and live them to their full potential."
There was scattered applause, and Zeus was somewhat surprised.  In other villages, that always got a big reaction.  Maybe these people's grasp of the Olympians' language wasn't as great as the others.
"We look forward to helping you and everyone else have better lives."  Simple words and it garnered the cheers he knew it would.  He stepped back from the edge of the stage and nodded toward the elder.
He raised his hands again and bowed slightly toward Zeus, "My people!  The gods have brought with them a great feast!  Let us go to the table and join them for a meal!"  The crowd cheered and began to amble away toward the dozens of tables arrayed about the town center and into the streets.
Zeus and his contingent had brought some of the best food and wine with them from Olympus and part of their "goodwill tour" was sharing the wealth with the people.  For those who still may have been skeptical about their rule, it didn't hurt to have a little bribe.
Zeus and Athena walked toward their large, ornate chairs and sat down.  As the crowds continued to settle into their places, Athena leaned over and spoke, "You kept that shorter than usual."
Zeus shrugged, "These people didn't seem to have the same grasp of Attican that the other villages have had."
"Olympian," Athena said.
"Hm?"
Athena spoke softly, "We should start referring to the language as Olympian."  Zeus nodded and she continued, "As a whole, the Kobollians are learning it rather well, I think."
Zeus smiled, "That's a credit to you, Athena."
"Thank you."
Zeus sat up and surveyed the crowds.  The logistics of seating more than a thousand people for dinner were daunting, and it was simply taking time.  He spoke to her again without looking away from the crowds, "Still, I think it would be best to try and leave as much of their tribal mentality behind as possible."
Athena looked concerned.  "I wouldn't rush into anything.  They identify themselves as much by their tribe as they do their own family name.  The Dhanus here, for example.  They were persecuted for centuries by other tribes, mostly because of their predominant skin color.  That's why they developed such an advanced military bent."
"Calvary and metal weaponry."
"Yes."  Athena slid her chair closer to Zeus'.  "Whatever changes we make or dictate, we can't do so at the expense of their pride or identity.  We could lose them."
Zeus thought for a moment and nodded.  "Very well.  I'll discuss it further with Selene.  At the very least, though, there will have to be some changes."
Athena sighed.  "Well, if the gods order it, then I'm sure they'll comply."
The people were all seated and attendants began to wheel out large carts laden with meats, fruits and wine.  A cheer went up from the crowd and the elder stood on a chair and shouted loudly, "Great Lords of Kobol, we thank you for this bounty you have brought to us and we thank you for the many blessings you have given us."
Zeus lifted his empty chalice and tipped it toward the elder.  "So say we all."
The elder and the people then repeated thunderously, "So say we all!"
The attendants finally brought plates and a pitcher of wine to Zeus and Athena's table.  Zeus immediately lifted a large leg of meat and took a ripping bite.  With relish, the villagers took the cue and dug into their own meals.
Zeus and Athena ate quietly for a time before noticing that the elder was watching them eat.  Athena tried to ignore it, but Zeus couldn't.  He looked toward the elder and catching his gaze, the man was surprised and leapt back into eating.
"They're surprised that we eat, too," Athena whispered.
"I know."
After a few more moments, a young man approached their table, carrying his entire platter of food and wine.  Zeus was surprised by his boldness and he put down the bone he had been stripping.  Before he could address him, the man threw the platter at Zeus, spilling meat and sauce onto his chest and wine into his face.
"Your bribes will not work on me, false idols!" he yelled.  He backed up a step, preparing to run and he barked again, "The one, true god will have its revenge!"  
He then ran and jumped over tables while the elder and a few guards gave chase.  Zeus stood, allowing the meat and fruit to fall on the ground.  He picked up the cloth napkin from the table and wiped his face.  Licking his lips, he looked at the masses, seeing they were stunned silent.  Zeus thought carefully and picked up his chalice.  With a smile and a tip of the cup to the people, he sipped and sat back down.  Many in the crowd smiled and continued eating.
Zeus looked at Athena and her face appeared drained of color.  "What did he mean by that?"
Zeus shook his head.  "Primitives.  Probably a sun god or something."
The elder returned to the front of their table and knelt low.  "Great Zeus, I am so very sorry."
Zeus held up a hand, "It's alright, elder."
"He is not of our village.  He comes from …"
"Do not worry yourself over it."  He straightened himself and turned to Athena, saying sarcastically, "Although I wouldn't mind if I never saw the likes of him again."
The elder stood erect and stepped back toward his own table.  "Yes, my lord."
XL
CERDO
5,458 Years Before the Final Exodus

"You did what?" Cerdo asked his son.
Without lifting his head, Dius spoke again, "I visited Sippar for Zeus' great feast."
"And?"
Dius looked out of the hut, seeing the other villagers going about their business.  "I … threw my meal at him and called him a false god."
Cerdo stood from his chair and walked over in front of his friend, Polycus.  Looking at the smile on his face, Cerdo said, "I don't think this is funny."
"I don't either, Cerdo," he said.  "I do think it is … just."
Dius looked up at Polycus, but Cerdo turned and stepped into his face.  "Son, do you have any concept of what you have done?"
"I …"
"You have exposed us."  Dius lowered his head again but Cerdo put his fingers under his chin and pulled it back up.  "One of Messenger Anaxo's final orders was for our villages to expand into the north and remain invisible until such time as we were called upon.  Now that the heathen nations know we are here, do you not think that they might sweep south and eradicate us for being blasphemers?"
Dius' breathing grew labored and he shook his head.  "I did not think, father."
"Obviously."
Polycus decided to speak up, "Cerdo, it's unlikely that they know who did it."
"Are you so naïve?  We look different than they.  And Sippar … they may be heathens but they are not fools.  They know we exist."
"Father," Dius began, "what if I alone went north and offered myself up for punishment?"
Cerdo's face fell from grim determination to stunned silence.  He tilted his head and looked at his son in a new light.  After several moments of silence, Cerdo asked, "You would do that?"
Dius inhaled sharply and then began to nod.  "Yes.  It was my error.  I do not wish to bring ruin upon us all."
Cerdo stood motionless.  Perhaps he had misjudged his son after all.  This willingness for sacrifice certainly follows in the example set by the messengers.  He should not be punished for that.  "No."
Polycus stopped leaning against the wall.  "No?"
"No."  Cerdo put a hand on his son's shoulder.  "We lead a rather austere existence here.  It would not be too difficult for us to all to move elsewhere.  Further north along the coast."
Polycus scoffed, "There's more than two hundred of us."
Cerdo smiled, "Yes.  Sometimes we must all sacrifice."
Dius looked up and managed a half-hearted grin before one of the fisherman rushed into the hut.  "Cerdo!  Come quick!"
Cerdo, Dius, and Polycus emerged and looked across the glade.  Women and children were fleeing toward them.  A mass of horsemen were riding into Zakro, trampling people under hoof and tossing torches onto every structure.  Polycus ran back toward his home to find his family.
Dius leaned against Cerdo's chest and began to weep.  "I am sorry, father."
Cerdo inhaled deeply and clutched his son closer.  With a slight smile on his face, he said, "Do not fear, son.  The One Whose Name Cannot Be Spoken will bless us all and welcome us soon."
XLI
ANAXO
5,867 Years Before the Final Exodus

The captain moved around the village slowly.  He was constantly besieged by people who wanted to touch "the man from the sky," as they called him.
He encountered the Draco crew sporadically.  Some were in the city helping the people shore up their buildings.  A few nurses were nearby, too, teaching simple first aid techniques.  He moved away from the settlement toward the old river.  In the fields, he spotted two researchers teaching farmers about agriculture.  He smiled and continued his walk toward the Draco.
He walked down the slope and he found about a dozen people were kneeling by the ship.  Flowers and produce were piled up.  The villagers were swaying and chanting.
"Hey!" Anaxo said as he ran up.  "Stop that."
The people quaked and moved aside.  "Man from Sky," one said in heavily accented Attican, "we wish to give you sacrifice."
The captain shook his head and pulled the man up.  "No.  We are people, like you."
"Not like me," he said.
Anaxo became angry and he grunted.  "Listen!  You will not worship us!  We are not gods!"
The man seemed confused and pointed at the vessel.  "You come from the sky."
Phil was tired of this.  How many times had he tried to explain it?  "No.  I come from here!"  He pointed at the ground angrily.  "Here!  I am a man.  We are all people, like you."
Some of the worshippers began to walk up the slope, but the man Anaxo spoke with remained.  His brow was crumpled and shook his head slowly.  "I do not understand."
The captain angrily rolled his head.  He saw a jagged rock on the ground and he lifted it.  "Watch."  Anaxo held his forearm out and raked the stone over his flesh.  Skin flaked and tore.  Much of his dermis flushed and specks of blood began to ooze from the wound.  "See?"
The man shook his head and looked up Anaxo again.  "I do not understand."
"Neither do I!" the captain said.  He tossed the rock, turned, and walked over to the small wooden planks that led from the dirt into the hatch. He entered the corridor and found the engineer welding a panel inside the wall.  Anaxo slowed for a moment as he examined his arm in the light.
"They piss you off again?" he asked.
Anaxo had been stalking into the corridor but he stopped and turned.  "Yes!  They just don't get it.  At all."
Sparks leapt from the wall and bounced off his dark goggles.  "Why not be their god?"
Phil's anger seemed to evaporate and turn to confusion.  "What?"
"You heard me."
"Nedri," Anaxo said.  "That's not why we're here."
He stopped welding and he lifted his goggles.  "We had an FTL drive; one of the few.  We could have gone anywhere.  The United Space Probe Agency knew of dozens of Larsa-like worlds."
"I know."
"We could have started over anywhere!"  The engineer threw down the torch and tossed off his gloves.  "We came back here, instead.  We jumped into deep space, the middle of nowhere, waited and then came back here.  Why?  You've never been straight with me on the why.  Other people seem to know, but not me."
Anaxo sighed and looked into the corridor nearby.  The blue light seemed relaxing.  He wanted to go there, but he turned and leaned against the bulkhead.  "I'm not sure you'd believe me."
Nedri stood up and leaned against the wall opposite his captain.  "Please.  Try me."
"A special mission from the president," Anaxo said.
"Are you a man of faith, Captain Anaxo?" she asked him some seven thousand years before.
Slowly, he nodded.  "Yes, Madam President.  I am."
"Good," she smiled.  She pulled a book from her desk and handed it to him.  "I have something very important that I need you to do."
"Anything, of course."
She smiled again.  "I fear that the war with the Cylons will not end well.  We've allied with Tiber and the other nations, but now Zeus and his people are involved … everything's floating too much right now."  She tapped the cover of the book.  "This is the Draco.  A cryogenic ship.  More than a hundred people can be frozen on it and awakened when the time is right."
Anaxo's eyebrows shot up and he began to flip through the book.  "I see."
"It's the first of many ships, we hope.  I don't know how long we can keep them a secret.  Officially, their mission is simple: get your payload of scientists, doctors, and whoever else away from the warzone and then back here once it is safe."
"Wait," Phil said as he lifted a hand.  "'Back here?'"
She nodded.  "This is home, captain.  There will be survivors even if there's a nuclear attack.  We owe it to ourselves and our descendents to make this planet home again."  Anaxo narrowed his gaze and she continued, "When you awaken your payload, they will help whatever is left of humanity pick up the pieces."
Anaxo nodded.  "Makes sense, Madam President."
"That's not all."  She paused and leaned against the edge of her desk.  "My personal orders to you will include one more that's not in the book."
"I see."
She wiped her cheek and then ran her hand on her leg.  "You and your crew will also sow the seeds of faith among humanity's survivors."
"I don't understand."
"You will teach the people that survive about our god."  She licked her lips.  For the first time during the meeting, she looked nervous.  "Assuming that the faith itself doesn't survive the war, of course, I want you to spread the word of the Great One."
"You're joking," Nedri said.
Phil shook his head.  "No.  That's what she said."
The engineer laughed out loud.  "Well, she's not here now, is she?  Why shouldn't we march out of this ship and declare ourselves lords and masters of all we survey?"
Anaxo straightened up.  "Because it's not right."
XLII
ATHENA
5,458 Years Before the Final Exodus

"And what about the Tula?" Athena asked, sliding a photograph across the table toward Zeus.  He appeared bored with the process of bestowing "divine" names and other attributes upon the twelve tribes, but this is what he wanted to do.
"Hmm."  He lifted the photo slightly and squinted.  "Who are they again?"
"Far to the northeast.  Mostly merchants."  Athena toyed with the corner on her small computer tablet.  "You seemed impressed with their business sense."
"Oh, yes.  I remember walking though their market.  All you could see were scales and scales, ready to weigh whatever currency people brought."  He put the photo down.  "Scales."
"Libra, then?" Athena asked.
"Sure."
She wrote the letters on the tablet and the word popped up on the screen when she finished.  "We have a few more, …"
"Oh, please," Zeus said, pushing away from the table.  "Are you sure there's only twelve?  It feels like we've done more than that."
Athena grinned and pulled out another photograph, "You did say you wanted to exert some divine influence over them."
"True."
"By renaming them, you … rationalize … that they may give up at least some of their nationalistic or tribalistic ways."
Zeus smirked, "That is what I said.  Selene even agreed with me."
Athena nodded, "And, once we get them named, we can start in with your plans for government."
Zeus leaned forward and pointed at Athena, "And that's what I'm really looking forward to.  Seeing how these people, just decades removed from being dirt-worshipping cavemen, can get along in a civil and political setting."
Athena scoffed, "They were more advanced than that, Zeus."
Zeus pinched a portion of the air in front of his face, "But only a little."
"Ready to move on?"
Zeus nodded his head side to side and he reached for the next photograph, "Yes.  I'm reinvigorated."
Athena handed him a few pictures.  "The Karka.  Since you're going back to our old tongues for these names, I figure you might be interested to know that they are known for crab fishing, and …"
"Zeus!" Hermes yelled before he even got to the door.
"What?"  Sensing the urgency, he stood up.
Hermes slid into the room and glanced toward Athena before looking at Zeus.  "You need to come see this."   He looked over to Athena again, "Both of you."
They left the room and entered the corridor.  Taking the lift, Hermes stayed silent, instead leading the way to the command center.  When they all entered, Hades swiveled in his chair and sighed.
"You've got a big mess here, brother."
"Why?"  Zeus looked across the room.  Hestia, Poseidon, Selene, and Antaeus all bore grim faces.  "What happened?"
Hades pressed his hand onto the induction panel and spoke.  "We received word that, a few days ago, there was some fighting in one of the southern tribes.  We sent Ares in a dartship and he spoke to the nearest village's elder."
The hologram projector switched on and the face of the leader of Sippar appeared.  He was smiling ear to ear and appeared to be bowing before the camera.
"Wait.  I know that guy."  Zeus motioned toward Athena.  "We were just there."
Suddenly, Athena felt a large knot in her stomach.  The visit to that village did not go well.  The young man who tossed food at Zeus and spoke of a "true god" … it had worried her into a migraine.
"Tell me again what you just said, elder," Ares' voice said from the speakers.
He bowed again, looking up at Ares and smiling.  "Lord Zeus said after he was attacked that he did not want to see his kind ever again."
"Oh, no," Zeus muttered.
Athena put her hand over her mouth and watched the hologram of the elder speak further, "I personally led a company of our best horsemen south and we destroyed their village.  Those heathens will not disturb the Lords of Kobol again!"
"But," Zeus drew in a sharp breath and he backed away one step.  "I didn't really say … I was just joking with Athena."
Hades and the other Olympians watched Zeus as he moved from the projector.  Selene shook her head.  Poseidon moved toward the console and touched the datastream pad.  "Give us the live feed from Ares' camera."
The face of the elder winked away and was replaced with a scene of death.  Fires had burned through a clutch of trees and scorched the ground beneath.  Black shapes of what had once been huts lined the ground and led toward a beautiful beach.  The view trembled as Ares walked through the smoldering haze.  On the sand, in the open sunlight, pile after pile of blackened bodies smoked.  Birds picked at the carcasses and the sea breeze carried wisps and ash out of sight.
Hestia and Antaeus looked away.  Athena knelt to the floor with her hands clutching the sides of her face.  Tears streamed over her cheeks and she squeaked slightly as she muffled a cry.
Zeus wobbled in place.  Blood seemed to have drained from his cheeks and his eyes darted from the projection to the floor, back to the projection, and then over to the other Olympians.  "I …"  He blinked rapidly. His breaths seemed shallow and he slowly turned back toward the hatch.  After a few moments, he walked into the corridor and turned toward the lift.
Poseidon leaned over and helped Athena up.  He hugged her tightly.  "I know.  It wasn't your fault or even his."  She tried to shake her head and her cries grew louder.  "This will all take time.  But one day, we can help them … be better people."
Athena didn't hear.  In her mind, she screamed far louder than she did with her throat.
XLIII
PROMETHEUS
5,458 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Say that again?" Prometheus asked.  His hearing wasn't what it used to be.  He was reclining in a bed and he squinted into the bright light that came from the window nearby.
"I said, 'Horsemen from the village of Sippar killed more than two hundred of our colonists in the village of Zakro.'"
Prometheus' eyes widened and he regarded the silhouetted figure of the young man who came from the elder's office.  "Two hundred people?"
He nodded.  "Yes, messenger.  More than."
Prometheus was silent and he took in a deep breath, wheezing.  "Ask the elder to come see me before lunch, if you would."
"I will, sir."  He bowed and left the room.
Prometheus laid back and stared at the ceiling, trying to process all that he heard the boy say.  Zeus visits the village.  One of their Draco brethren assaults him.  Zeus ordered the destruction of his kind.  Two hundred were dead in a small village to Sippar's south.
"'The destruction of his kind,'" Anaxo said, sliding the chair a little closer to Prometheus' bed.  
He shook his head.  "I find it hard to believe that Zeus would order that."
Anaxo inhaled slowly.  "He didn't have to.  Zeus … or any of the Olympians, for that matter … need only make one offhand remark.  There are millions of people now up north who would be more than willing to do whatever they thought they heard a god order."
Prometheus coughed.  He pulled the sheet up to his face and coughed into it before lowering it.  "I told Zeus this would happen."
"Did you?"
"Well," he thought, "maybe not precisely this.  I knew that their ego, their godhood, would have an adverse effect."
"Not exactly a hard prediction to make," Anaxo said.
Prometheus coughed again and nodded.  "What about the Draco?  When you landed, how did you not fall prey to the allure of power?"
Anaxo smiled.  "A few wanted to.  We didn't, though."  He crossed his legs and looked out the window.  "We were revered as gods but we quickly corrected them.  Once we began to breed with these tribes, all of the possibility of reverence faded."
Prometheus laughed, "I imagine so."  He coughed.  "And you didn't tell them about Larsa's past?"
Anaxo waved his hand dismissively.  "How many times have I answered that question?  We said we fled a great war.  That's all that they would have been able to understand."
"It was enough for you to maintain the human race and spread the word."
"Indeed it was.  We were the One's chosen people."  Anaxo watched Prometheus struggle to pull his arm out from under the sheet.  "That your kind came back to Larsa, too … well, dumb luck."
Prometheus coughed again and nodded.  Just then, the chief elder knocked on the door jamb and leaned into sight.  Prometheus waved, "Please, come in, Arete."
The relatively young woman smiled and stepped quietly to the bedside.  "Messenger Prometheus, I understand you wished to speak with me."  She spoke loudly and clearly.
"I did.  I have more questions about the … the slaughter in Zakro."  Her smile faded and she nodded her head once.  "Has there been any evidence that they will try to move south into the islands?"
"No, sir," she said.  "We've kept watch on their harbors and there has been no sight of troop transports or anything that could be considered a warship."
Prometheus coughed again.  "What about their army?  Has Ares raised an army?"
She tilted her head to one side.  "We know that there is an army but none of our watchers have reported that it appears to be on the move."
"I fear it may only be a matter of time," Prometheus said.  He glanced at Anaxo and he nodded slowly toward him.
Arete was silent for a moment, but then she spoke.  "Do you have orders for us?"
Anaxo shook his head.  "No.  Not yet."
Prometheus held the sheet over his mouth and coughed.  In between gasps, he said, "Not yet, Arete.  But we may … I may soon."  She bowed toward him and began to turn and leave.  He reached out for her and said, "Wait."  She stopped and watched as he tried to sit up in bed.  "Before long, I will depart."
"But you are too ill … and old, messenger," she said.
"That is why I will depart."  He coughed again and then spoke.  "But I will return in a younger form.   Healthier.  It's not magic or anything like that.  Just a kind of medicine that only I and my people are able to use."
She nodded, not fully comprehending.  "Very well, messenger.  When I see you again, how will I know it is you?"
Prometheus smiled.  "I think you'll know."  She bowed again.  Arete turned and left Prometheus' home.  
Anaxo watched her walk back into the village center.  "She is quite lovely."
"Hmm."  He lay back down and exhaled loudly.  "So, what is the plan?  What orders will I have for them?"
Anaxo sat in the chair by his bed and leaned in close.  "Your questions to her were on the right path."
"I know Zeus.  If he senses a threat in the south, he will attack."
"Yes," Anaxo said.  "By now, he has already learned not only of the massacre but that those people were merely the northern tip of a larger monotheist nation."
Prometheus nodded, "He won't be able to allow that level of competition."
Anaxo leaned back and crossed his arms.  "At this point, our only real hope is to show him the error of his ways."
Prometheus squinted again and looked toward him.  "Convince Zeus that his declaration of godhood was a mistake."
"Yes.  And to do that, we must show him that he is not truly a god."
"Intellectually," Prometheus said, "he knows this.  But he doesn't feel it."
"Yes."
"I think I can see," Prometheus said.  "He must taste mortality."
Anaxo smiled.  "Yes.  Just a taste.  Enough to fill his mouth with bitterness."
Prometheus closed his eyes.  He began to feel sleepy and his words became slurred.  "Then he would … he would knooow that his plans could not work."
"There is more, though," Anaxo began.
"We need an army, too," Prometheus interrupted.  "After Zeus'sss … after.  We can move nnnnorth.  Occupy.  We can … we can.  A sssuperior … force." 
Anaxo shook his head.  "Don't worry about that now.  Sleep."
Prometheus hissed a few other sounds before drifting off.  He snored loudly for a time and then he died.
With a cough, he awakened in a resurrection pod on Olympus.  He slid open the pod's doors and inhaled deeply.  He smiled as he felt the vigor of his youthful body.  He stood and stepped onto the cold floor of the bay.  No one else was around but he used one hand to cover his genitals.  Walking across the room to the clothes racks, he slipped a few times and then he heard someone at the doors.
He quickly slid into a white towel and closed it.  The hatch opened and Hera entered.  "Prometheus?"
He smiled.  "Hello, Hera.  Let's talk."
XLIV
ARES
5,449 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I don't like it," Ares said to Hephaestus.
The engineer was covered in soot and sweat from head to toe.  He was holding a lump of red metal and was about to pound on it with a hammer.  "What's that?"
Ares turned and looked out at Theonpolis, the City of the Gods.  It was a beautiful, rustic town.  Hephaestus' hammer clinked behind him and he didn't bother speaking for a time.  Ares leaned against a post and watched people bustle along the streets, carrying goods, or pushing carts.  When he heard the familiar hiss of the hot metal being dipped into water, Ares turned back around.
"It's been almost ten years since that Sagittarius village killed two hundred monotheists, right?"
Hephaestus was turning the metal over and over.  "Right."
"Why haven't we heard anything else from them?"
Hephaestus set that piece of metal down and pulled another from the flames with his tongs.  He held the end on the edge of the makeshift anvil and pounded it several times.  "What do you mean?"
Ares sighed.  Hephaestus wasn't really listening to him, but his father had already rebuked his concerns.  Who else was there to talk to?  Poseidon was sitting with Zeus when they spoke a few days ago.  Neither seemed especially worried.
"I think you're overestimating them, son," Zeus said.
Ares shook his head, "But father …"
"Besides," Poseidon interrupted, "that was years ago.  If there was going to be any kind of retaliation, it would have happened already."
Ares nodded.  "I understand.  But let's not forget the saying about cold revenge.  And let us also not forget our own history."  Poseidon's eyes squinted and Ares looked at Zeus, "How often did religious fervor and simple differences of faith lead to conflict on Larsa?  Human history is filled with millions of corpses because of faith."
Zeus nodded.  "I know.  You're right about that.  Look, just keep an eye on them.  I doubt anything more will come of it."
Ares walked toward Hephaestus as he pounded the metal.  "We know that the village they wiped out was the northernmost settlement of the tribes to the south, but there hasn't been any reaction from them at all."
"Well," Hephaestus said, "if they're monotheists like we had here thousands of years ago," clang, "maybe they're pacifists."
Ares shook his head, "Not all of those believers were pacifists.  If they were, they wouldn't have built soldier Cylons."
"True."  Clang.  "Did you have something in mind?"
Ares grinned slightly.  "I have a standing army of about twenty thousand."
"Right."  Clang.
"I'll need more, of course, to be prepared."
"And I come into this … how?" Hephaestus asked, his hammer held beside the dimly glowing metal.
Ares leaned forward.  "More swords.  Shields.  Armor."
"What?  Like plate armor?"
Ares nodded, "That would be great."
Hephaestus laughed.  "We are so far away from that it's not even funny."   He dipped the metal in the water and laid it beside the others.  "Try laminated leather or even mail.  You'd be able to make more of that more quickly than I could."
Ares nodded.  "I was afraid of that."
"More swords and shields, though, I can do." 
"Not easily," Ares offered.
"No, not easily," Hephaestus said.  "But I enjoy a challenge, so long as I'm home in time to spend the evening with the wife."
Ares smiled, "I hear you."
"So," Hephaestus said as he walked back to the furnace, "when do you think they'll attack?"
Ares shrugged, "If I were them, about nine years ago."
XLV
ANAXO
5,862 Years Before the Final Exodus

"It's a girl!" Nedri shouted as he emerged from the building.  Anaxo and the crowd applauded.  He poured wine into bowls and lifted his high.  The men of his wife's family did the same.
The captain smiled and turned away.  His engineer had been reluctant about staying here on Larsa, but he complied.  Mostly because he had little choice.  In the end, he was the first to take a "native" wife.
Cara ran toward Anaxo with a piece of paper.  "You better read this."
He stopped and perused the scrawl.  It was written by someone who wasn't quite adept at Attican just yet.  "When did you get this?"
"Just now," she said.  "I'm hoping someone will be here soon."
Anaxo nodded and pointed to the north road.  "Let's go."
They each mounted a horse and rode along the path.  After an hour, they met a small group of wounded men on a cart heading south.  Both Anaxo and Cara jumped off their horses and ran to the men's side.
"Messenger," one said.  "It was horrible."
Anaxo placed his hand on the man's knee.  "Go slowly and start at the beginning."
He took a sip from Cara's water bottle and nodded.  He handed it back and looked at Anaxo directly.  "We bartered with them for goods, as you suggested.  When there came a pause in the trading, I spoke about the one, true god."
"Yes?"
The man shook his head and winced.  "We were shouted at.  They yelled about their sun gods and the gods of the seas and sky.  They threw stones and pieces of brick.  Torssus was beaten.  He's still there!"
Cara stroked his arm.  "Keep going."
"We ran as quickly as we could, but they kept coming.  We stayed ahead of them for a time and we had to take a boat to sail south.  Messenger," he said as he pulled on Anaxo's arm, "let us go back and fight them!  We have weapons.  We can stand on our own."
Anaxo lifted his head and shook it slowly.  "No."
"Why not?" the man pleaded.
"Because that's not what believers in the One do."  He glanced at Cara and saw her nodding.  The other men lifted their heads, listening intently.  "The one, true god is love and we must be as well.  If we are hit with stones then we hit back with love.  If we are hit with fists then we hit back with love."
The man wiped his nose and shook his head, "Messenger, you do not understand."
"I understand better than you think," Anaxo said.  "We will spread the word of the Great One as swiftly and safely as we can.  If the people up there are not yet ready for it, then we will wait.  The one, true god is patient.  And so shall we be."
XLVI
ARETE
5,421 Years Before the Final Exodus

She leaned against the wall, staying in the shade while Prometheus and the men stretched in the sun.  Dozens of would-be soldiers lined the streets moving slowly and pushing their hands out toward an unseen foe.  Their muscles rippled and sweat glistened from them.
Arete shook her head, trying not to notice such things.  She was an older woman, about sixty, and she had never taken a husband.  Her heart belonged to Prometheus.  For years, she served as the political leader of the Draco and he as the spiritual leader.  They were close all of the time.  There was a magnetism, a chemistry, between them.  Prometheus, though, said they must never act on it.  They didn't.
Prometheus appeared to be about sixty as well.  He kept his new body in shape as he trained hundreds and hundreds of men to fight.  He taught the smithies how to make armor and weapons.  He taught everyone many different things.
The sun was high.  Prometheus clapped his hands.  "That will be all for now.  Break for lunch and return in one hour."  Arete turned and walked inside.
The men fanned out and stepped away from the center of the village.  Prometheus turned to the council building and walked inside, ducking under the low door.
"Hello," he said.  Arete was sitting behind her usual desk, looking at maps and charts.  Prometheus walked over to his stool and pulled it to her side.  "You were watching us again."
She smiled and pushed away a materiel log.  "I can't help it.  I am a woman, after all."
Prometheus nodded and pulled a map closer.  "Any word from Rizinia?"
Arete nodded and pulled out another piece of paper.  "The latest group just arrived.  That brings them up to fifteen thousand."
"The most so far."
"Yes."  She replaced the page and pulled the materiel log toward them both.  "More children will be coming of age soon, but as for equipment, we are behind schedule.  There may not be enough for everyone."
Prometheus nodded.  "Don't worry.  We still have eleven years.  I'm sure it will work out just fine."
He stood and began to walk away.  Arete clenched her fists and pushed away from the table.  "Prometheus, I have … I have to ask something."
The tone of her voice immediately alarmed him.  His eyes narrowed and he slowly turned, walking back to her desk.  "Please.  Ask."
Arete inhaled deeply.  "I have never questioned you or the will of the One Whose Name Cannot Be Spoken.  But I must ask: why are we undertaking an effort of violence?"
Prometheus' head tilted to one side, "I have explained this before."
"To crowds," she said.  "To people who … may be ready to avenge the slaughter of our brothers and sisters in Zakro.  You haven't explained it to me."
He nodded and motioned toward her chair.  He sat on his stool and spoke quietly, "The Draco are the One's chosen people."
"Yes, as you've said."
"My people have caused your cousins in the north to grow more powerful than they should be.  My people spread lies among them.  They place themselves as gods above mankind.  Doing so, they have created a zealous charge in millions."  He stopped and wiped sweat from his brow.
"I know this, and I know it all to be dangerous."  She leaned forward.  "I do not understand why we must do this now.  Why you will do what you will do.  Why we have borne children in greater and greater numbers to wage war across Larsa."
Prometheus licked his lips.  "I need to … show them the error of their ways.  With the forces of the Draco behind me, we can topple them."
Arete shook her head.  "I do not like the thought of conversion by the sword."
"That's not what this is," Prometheus took her hand.  "Our efforts, my efforts, are only about dislodging the pedestal from beneath the Olympians.  By doing that, by showing their fallibility, the faith of the people in them will be shaken.  Among the people, free will may be allowed to take hold again.  Even the Olympians themselves will think twice about acting as deities.  Regardless, there will be an opening for us to spread the word of the One."
Arete sighed.  "Many thousands of people will die, on both sides."
"Yes.  It is a shame."  He coughed and kept speaking, "The longer we delay, the more souls may be lost to the void.  A void of blasphemy cultivated by my people.  Millions of souls lost simply because they do not know about our god."
"But our god is one of love."  Her mouth curled as she spoke and her eyes strained.  "Killing, even to bring the One back to the people as it was intended, seems a crime."
Prometheus' eyes glazed over and he stared at the desk.  After a moment, he glanced over his shoulder and took Arete's hand again.  "It is a crime.  It is a sin.  One that we will have to ask forgiveness for.  If we wait, though," he closed his eyes and lowered his head.  He cleared his throat and looked up without looking her in the face, "I have seen a vision of the future.  Larsa's people reveling in idolatry and decadence.  It is a future without the One and instead crowded with the Olympians.  If we act now, we can stop this before it is too late."
Arete felt his hand tremble as he held hers.  That feeling she felt around him, usually giddy excitement, had become cold and sickly dread.  She felt the fear he did.  Suddenly, she knew all that he said was true and that they had to act.
"Very well."  She squeezed his hand and spread the papers out in front of her again.  "There's still a great deal of work to do."
Prometheus stood and kissed her forehead, lingering a bit longer than he probably should have.  "I will leave you to it."  He pulled away and cupped her head in his hand, "There's no one better."
XLVII
LETO
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I love you," Zeus said as he climbed out of bed.
Leto laid back and pulled the hair from her face.  "I love you, too."  Zeus slipped on his robe and gathered a couple of books from the table.  "Is it time to go already?"
Zeus smiled, "You know damn well it is."  He walked back to the bedside and sat on the mattress, laying his arm over her back.  "I wish you would come."
She shook her head.  "You know I won't."
Zeus laughed and kissed her cheek.  "It's been two hundred years.  I would think you could have gotten used to some of it by now."  She smiled and shook her head more.  "At least come and just party with us.  You don't have to mingle with the people, you know."
"I know," she said as she slid out from under his arm and tried to sit upright in bed.  "I still don't like it.  Sorry."
"No, that's fine."  Zeus stood and surveyed the room again.  "I've made peace with the fact that not everyone will always agree with me."
Leto laughed, "Yeah, right."
Zeus grinned.  "I'll see you later tonight."
"Or tomorrow," she added.
"Or tomorrow."  He opened the hatch and looked into the hall.  "Bye."
"Bye."  The hatch closed and Zeus was gone.  Leto sat in bed for several minutes, just looking at her room.  She breathed slowly and noted the little things she wanted to do tonight.  There was a book Aphrodite had loaned her some time ago.  She wanted to finally crack it.  Her clothes were scattered about and she wanted to clean those up.  A painting sat on an easel in the far corner.  Lines had been sketched in pencil, but no pigment ever touched the canvas.  Tonight she knew she would have all of Olympus to herself.  There would be time.
She slowly got out of bed and put on her loose, casual jumpsuit.  She gathered up her clothes and tossed them into a bin.  She would take them to the laundry later.  
"Hello?" she said into the corridor.  She looked up and down the hall and saw no one.  Heard nothing.  Everyone had already left for the bicentennial celebration.  She stepped out of her quarters and walked down toward the lift, barefoot.  The cold metal floor felt like home to her.  She was used to it after so long.  Many of the Olympians had already adopted homes away from Mount Olympus, but not her.  This was home.  Period.  
Hera still lived on the Olympus, too.  She avoided her.  In fact, thinking on it just now, Leto wasn't sure the last time she saw Zeus' wife.  Or Hecate, for that matter.  Both shot harsh looks at her whenever she passed.  Leto tried to take the high road.  She wanted to avoid confrontation.  
Zeus.  He could be a real bastard from time to time, but he had been a perfect mate these last several decades.  He was busy with the Kobollians.  Helping get them on the right foot.  Building cities, planting crops, teaching them science.  But at home, he was everything she needed and more.  He made her happy.  And for the first time, they didn't hide their affection or love.  Not even from Hera.
She exited the lift near the medical bay and walked inside.  The lights were fairly dim and she lifted a lever by the door.  The ceiling brightened and she walked over to her personal locker by the stasis unit.  She opened the door and pulled out a few jars.  Blue, green, yellow.  There were more inside, but she decided to open one and take a look.  She unscrewed the lid on the blue jar and saw dried, caked paint inside.  She sighed and took it over to the sink.  She turned the handle, allowing a thin stream of water to fall into the basin.  She held the blue jar under it for a moment and then withdrew it.  Using the blunt end of a scalpel, she stirred it until the paint began to mix again.  She grinned a little.  
The alarm sounded.
Leto looked up to the status monitor by the door and saw that it was a resurrection alert.  They had set those up years ago so someone on Olympus could go to the resurrection bay and help.  
She put the paint on the counter and stepped into the hallway.  She walked across the corridor and spun the wheel on the resurrection bay hatch.  She swung it open and looked inside. 
The lights were dim and she saw no one.  "Hello?"  Her voice echoed.  She squinted her eyes and scanned the pods.  They all seemed closed.  Confused, she finally entered the bay and she saw wet footprints leading away from a row of pods in front of her and crossing to her right.  Her eyes and head turned to follow the steps and when her body came around, an arm brought a metal bar across her head.
When she awoke, her head felt as though it was still being pummeled.  She didn't open her eyes.  She tried to reach up and feel her head, but she realized that her hands had been bound.  And her legs.  She tried to speak and then she felt the tape in her mouth.  That chemically sweet taste of the adhesive was all over her tongue and she couldn't spit it out.  She opened her eyes finally and everything was blurry.  Lights were ringed and shadows seemed to move.  Leto blinked repeatedly and saw that she was leaning against a resurrection pod.  She was still in the bay.
"You're awake," a voice said.
Leto tried to turn but she couldn't.  She blinked more and saw a man wearing a blue worksuit standing by the resurrection bay computers.  His hand was on the datastream induction panel and he was pressing buttons on the screen.  She tried to ask, "Who are you?" but then she remembered the tape.
"I wasn't sure if you were going to wake up again," he said.  Prometheus stepped away from the computers and he walked across the space to her.  Kneeling before her, he gently held her chin.  His eyes seemed kind and he smiled in a slightly sad, sympathetic way.  "It may have been easier for us both if you stayed asleep."
XLVIII
HADES
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

The people were crowded around tightly.  Gods and men crushed together yet all were happy.  The sun had set and bonfires blazed throughout Theonpolis and in the outskirts.  Bands played music every few hundred meters, people swayed to the sounds, and Zeus climbed atop the large fountain at the center of the city.
"Please," he said, holding his hands up.  The conversation halted.  A band continued playing far away but Zeus pressed on.  "Thank you, Athena, Hestia, and Demeter for this fantastic feast and party."  The crowd cheered loudly.  "Thank you, Lord Dionysus, for this wine."  The crowd cheered even louder and the large Olympian jumped up and down, hooting.  "We are here to mark the anniversary of our coming amongst your people.  I will not preach.  I will give no sermon.  I will only say, thank you for your two hundred years of hospitality and I look forward to spending many more centuries with you all."
Tens of thousands cheered and Zeus climbed down from the fountain, taking another bowl full of wine from the hopper.  Hades pulled Aurora closer and kissed her head.  "Having fun?"  He had to shout over the noise.
"Of course," she said.  She glanced around at the people thronged about them.  They were in fits of pleasure and excitement.  Dancing, kissing, drinking, eating.  Aurora smiled and leaned away from Hades.  "What are you doing tonight?"
He raised his eyebrows and looked around at the party, "Well …"
Aurora laughed and grabbed the seam of his robe.  "I mean specifically."
"Zeus wants Poseidon and me to sit and have a drink with him."
"When?"
Hades shrugged, "Later.  Soon.  I don't know."
Aurora sipped from her bowl and set it on the table by her side.  She reached up and wrapped her arm about his head, pulling him toward her.  She kissed him passionately for a moment before pulling away and stroking his upper lip with her tongue.  She let go of him and began to step backward into the crowd.  She smiled and said, "Come get me."
Hades wasn't sure what to think.  Before he could process it, Aurora turned and darted into the cluster of Kobollians nearby.  Hades gave chase.  The people were partying rather heavily, but if someone saw Hades coming, they moved aside for the god.  He still wasn't sure where Aurora went.  He approached the side of a market where the crowd wasn't as thick.  He stood on his tip toes and tried to survey the area.  There were simply too many people.  He walked along the side of the building and as he passed in front of a small alley, he felt an arm grab his collar and pull him in.
"Found me," Aurora said.  She kissed him again and they both sidestepped further into the darkness of the alley.  Hades moved his head down to her neck and began kissing her throat.  She pulled up the folds of his robe and kept pulling until she felt his erect penis.  "That's one good thing about wearing these togas all the time."
Hades lifted her up and pressed her against the wall of the building.  He said nothing, kissing her again, and he entered her.  She groaned and ran her fingers into his hair, pulling tightly.  Hades' head lurched back and he grunted.  After several minutes, they climaxed simultaneously and Aurora slid down the wall as Hades guided her.
"Next time, let's find a softer wall," she said.
Hades laughed and he kissed her.  "Will do."  They held hands and walked back into the crowds.  Lit by a bonfire, Hades spotted Zeus and Poseidon walking away from the majority of the people and toward the hills.  "I think I'll go have that drink with my brothers."
Aurora turned and hugged him.  "Have fun.  I'll see you later."
He kissed her again and pulled away, "Love you."  She smiled and walked into the crowd toward Athena.
Hades passed the fountain and the large bonfire, trying to follow his brothers.  He heard the squealing of young women and he turned toward the sound.  Apollo was trying to leave a table and he was besieged by six girls, each of them with a hand on his clothes or person.  Hades smiled, looking for Coronis to see how she would react.  He couldn't spot her, so he continued to walk out of town.
He took a wine bowl from a table and trudged up a hill to a lone campfire.  He spotted two large men sitting by it, facing away from the city.  He knew who they were.
"Did you see the women throwing themselves at Apollo?" Hades laughed.
Poseidon and Zeus had already had a bit of wine, so their laughter came easily.  "The boy didn't know what to do," Poseidon said.
Hades smiled, "It's been two hundred years.  I think he would know what to do by now."  Zeus and Poseidon kept drinking that harsh wine and laughing.  Hades had a couple of sips, but that was enough.  He smiled again and sprawled somewhat on the log.  
 "Where's Leto?" Hades asked.
"Where do you think?" replied Zeus, as he drank more wine with one hand and pointed back to the mountain with the other.  "She never comes down."
"Well, she never was excited about the whole experiment idea."  Hades scratched his stomach and looked at the stars.  "Hera, though, she backed your move.  She's been all for the plan this whole time."
Zeus licked his teeth.  "Don't you start, too.  I get enough of that kind of talk from your brother," he gave Poseidon a firm push.
"Don't blame me," Poseidon said.  "You married Hera."
"Centuries ago."
"But you cheated on her centuries ago, too."  Hades was still staring at the stars when Zeus kicked dust onto him.  "Hey!  I'm just telling you the truth."
"The kid's right," Poseidon said.  "Hera's supported you all this time …"
"Enough," Zeus said, almost angrily.  "I mean it.  I'm here to relax."
"Oh," Poseidon said.  "I'm afraid neither of us have vaginas."
Hades immediately started laughing and Zeus' mouth fell open.  "That is not how I relax."
"The hell it isn't, Zeus."  Hades sat up and pointed toward Theonpolis.  "We've been among them for two hundred years and I'm sure you've had your way with at least that many."
Zeus shook his head.  "I'm leaving."
As he poured out his wine and began to get up, Poseidon and Hades both pleaded with him.  "No, no.  Come on.  Sit."  
"We'll stop.  We promise."
Zeus looked at their faces and they seemed sincere.  He sat down and Poseidon threw an arm around him.  "There you go.  Have some more wine."  Hades passed a bowl to him.
As Zeus sipped, Hades sat on the log beside him and patted his back.  "Give me some more, too."  Poseidon passed a jug to him and as he lifted it, Hades nudged Zeus, "If you're lucky, I may let you have your way with me."
Zeus took his lips from the bowl and slowly faced his brother.  Hades smiled and Poseidon laughed.  Zeus said nothing as he poured the wine onto Hades' lap.  Hades leapt up, holding his robes away from his body when Zeus grabbed Poseidon's jug.  He stood and emptied the jug onto Hades' head.
Resigned, Hades stood still and allowed the red alcohol to trickle down his face.  He blinked a few times to try and keep it from his eyes, but they began to burn.  Zeus sat back down on a log and stared at the fire.  Poseidon was still laughing.  Hades licked his lips and cleared his throat.  "So, I hit a sore spot or something?"
"Something," Zeus mumbled.  "Since I've been with Leto …"
"This time," Poseidon interjected.
Zeus shot a look toward him and kept speaking.  "Since I've been with her these last sixty-however-many years, I've only been with her."
Hades wiped the wine from his face and moved toward the fire.  "Really?"
Zeus nodded silently.  Poseidon patted him on the back.  "Good for you."
"Well," Hades said, "I apologize."  He looked at the ground and noted the wine had formed tiny globules with the loose dirt.  The fire wasn't going to do enough to dry him off.  He had to change.  "Where's the nearest dartship?"
Zeus pointed toward Theonpolis, behind the temple dedicated in his name.  "You'll come back, right?"
Hades squeezed a section of his robes and watched it spill onto the ground.  "Probably."  
Zeus nodded again.  "Hurry back."
Hades walked down the hill toward the shadow of Zeus' temple.  It was the biggest temple in Theonpolis, of course, and the most advanced building yet made.  Marble, stone, bronze.  It was a beauty.  He saw the dartship and jogged toward its side.  After placing his hand beside the door, it slid open and he climbed inside.  He sat in the chair and winced at the audible squishing sound.  Shaking his head, he placed his hands on the datastream panels and powered up the vehicle.  He smiled and chuckled to himself.  Yes, he probably deserved it.  It had been a while since he had seen Zeus so angry.
He brought the small craft to a landing just inside the hangar bay of Olympus and stepped out.  He left the door open, knowing he'd be back in a few minutes.  He started to walk away from the dartship, glancing to his left, noticing that the Aetos was gone.  It had ferried most of the Olympians to the celebration.  The other dartship was gone, too.  He looked to his right and saw the seldom-used cargo carrier.  The shuttle was in its usual place, but there were crates piled up beside its holds.  Hades stopped walking and he studied the scene further.  In the dimly lit bay, he couldn't make out much, but he did notice that one of the larger boxes was actually a resurrection pod.
"What the," he mumbled.  He walked over to the cargo shuttle and looked in the cabin's windows.  No one was inside.  He looked at the various boxes and then began walking back toward the bay's hatch.  "What is Leto doing?"
He quickly ran to the lift, taking it to his quarters.  After gathering fresh robes, he went to the showers and rinsed himself off.  Without fully drying, he put on the robes and took the lift down to the medical and resurrection bays.  Hades stepped out and looked down the corridor, seeing nothing.  He slowly walked to the hatch of the resurrection bay and saw that it was open.  He moved inside and saw Prometheus studying the computers along the wall.
"Hades?" he said.  "Well, this is an unexpected pleasure."
XLIX
PROMETHEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Just keep calm," Anaxo said.  "This can still work out fine."
Prometheus' hand was on a datastream pad.  He managed to clear the screen so Hades couldn't see what he was doing.  Hades slowly looked around the resurrection bay and brought his eyes to Prometheus.
"So," he began, "how have you been?"
Prometheus nodded.  "Well.  Yourself?"
Hades nodded, slowly.  His eyes darted about suspiciously.  "Also well."  Hades took a couple of steps closer.  "I have to ask.  I mean, we all have wondered what you've been doing for these last few decades."
Prometheus grinned uncomfortably.  Anaxo stepped around to the back of Prometheus' shoulder and he whispered into his ear.  "Don't worry.  This will still go fine."
"I've been keeping busy."
Hades glanced at the computer screen but there was nothing to see.  "You know, Dione, Selene, Atlas … your fellow believers?  They all live here on Olympus again."
"Is that so?"
"Yes."  Hades turned to the side and rested his shoulder against the bulkhead.  "They've been here for some time.  Mind you, they're not actively involved in the experiment.  They still have strong opinions about that, as I'm sure you do."
"Oh," Prometheus took his hand from the pad, "I do."
"They don't participate, but they live with us."  Hades smiled slightly and gave a playful push to Prometheus' arm.  "We're all family, you know.  You should think about staying."
Prometheus inhaled slowly and looked skyward.  Exhaling, he smiled, and said, "I will give it serious thought."
"Good."  Hades pulled himself off the wall and turned toward the hatch.
Anaxo smiled.  "See?  It's going to be fine.  He's leaving."
Hades had one foot on the threshold of the hatch when his eye caught something to the right.  He stopped and turned his head.  Something lay between a resurrection pod and the wall.  It was covered with a white towel or robe.  Slowly, Hades moved away from the exit and stepped toward the pod.
While Prometheus' sighed, Anaxo slapped his back, "I know, I know.  This can still work out."
Prometheus quietly strode to the resurrection pod that held the pipe he used earlier.  He picked it up as Hades leaned over the towel-covered lump.   Prometheus raised it high and prepared to bring it down when Hades turned and grabbed his arms.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
Prometheus didn't respond.  Hades was standing now and pushing the pipe farther away.  Prometheus knew Hades was stronger, so he didn't attempt to match him in brute strength.  Instead, he braced his right foot on the corner of a pod and pushed himself and Hades into a bulkhead.  Hades hit his head on a support and he became dazed.  Prometheus wrested his arms and the pipe away and raised it again.
"Careful," Anaxo said.
Prometheus held back somewhat and then swung.  It was a glancing blow across Hades' skull, but it knocked him out.  Prometheus stood still, observing.  He breathed in and out slowly, regaining his composure before he leaned over and picked up the roll of tape.  
Anaxo walked to Prometheus' side and watched while he bound Hades' arms and legs.  "This is not a big deal, Prometheus.  In fact, this could be good."
"How so?"  The sound of the tape unspooling echoed in the bay and he pressed it around Hades' limp mouth.
"Hades can serve as a messenger," Anaxo said.
Prometheus dropped the tape and stood.  He looked from Leto to Hades and back again.  "I don't think so."
Anaxo seemed surprised.  "What do you mean?"
"I think," Prometheus began.  He walked back to the computers, "I think this is an opportunity."
Anaxo's eyebrows lifted.  "For what?"
"The One has presented me with the chance to truly make Zeus taste mortality."
Anaxo was silent.  Prometheus pressed his palm onto the datastream pad and scrolled through screens.  "No."
Prometheus seemed to ignore him.  He didn't turn; he only said, "Yes."
Anaxo walked across the bay to Prometheus' side and looked over his shoulder at the monitor.  "Don't do it."
"This is an opportunity."
Anaxo shook his head and looked back at the limp bodies.  "This will not serve the purpose you think it will."
"I disagree."  He brought up the download protocols for Leto and deleted them.  Then, he ordered the pods to disconnect Leto's bodies that were standing by.  Soon, enzymes would begin to break them down.  "They will get our message."
"No!"  Anaxo began to panic.  He reached out and grabbed Prometheus' shoulders, spinning him around to face him.  The ex-Olympian seemed surprised by the physical contact and Anaxo got into his face, screaming, "This will only serve to incense Zeus!  This is not what we planned!  This isn't what you want!"
Prometheus inhaled through his nose and then out through his mouth, slowly.  A very measured procedure he used to calm himself and to think more clearly.  After a few moments, he spun away and one side of his mouth turned up slightly and he said, "It will work."  The monitor shifted and Hades' name appeared.  He scrolled through the options and found the download protocols.  With a slight hesitation, Prometheus' brought his finger up to the screen and prepared to touch it.  "This will drive the point home.  Zeus cannot escape death or the One's will.  With the loss of Leto, he may have been able to rationalize …"
"No," Anaxo said.
"… I know how he treats women.  Leto is just another in a long line for him."
"Prometheus …"
"But Hades.  He will know fear.  He will sense the possibilities of wrath from above.  With his brother dead, too, it becomes inescapable."
Anaxo stepped around and placed his head beside the display.  His voice was anguished and his face contorted into a grimace.  "I am begging you.  Please.  Do not do this."  Prometheus seemed unmoved.  Anaxo grabbed the front of Prometheus' jumpsuit and pushed him away from the panels.  "Don't!" he yelled; his face now darker and frightening.  
Prometheus grunted and tried to push Anaxo aside, but his hands only moved through empty space.  "I'm sorry."  He darted back to the monitor, pressed the button and deleted Hades' program.  Anaxo stalked away with his face in his hands while Prometheus told the system to destroy Hades' bodies, too.  
Prometheus took a step away from the monitor and walked toward the bound duo against the wall.  Anaxo had his palms pressed down against the frame of a resurrection pod.  His head hung low and he spoke in a hushed tone.  "There's still a way back."
"Not now," Prometheus said as he pulled Hades into the open.
Anaxo's voice was raised again, "He can be rescanned.  Protocols can be rewritten."
Prometheus said nothing.  Instead, he pulled out Leto and laid her next to Hades.  He removed the towel and saw her red face.  Tears had streamed down her cheeks and dried.  Now, she was crying anew and her eyes glistened.  He reached over to the console by the nearest pod and lifted a scalpel.  Leto saw it and whimpered, her mouth still covered by tape.
A lump formed in Prometheus' throat.  "I know.  I'm sorry."  He fiddled with the scalpel in his right hand, looking at it.  He looked at Leto's throat and then at Hades'.  He thought about doing his first, since it would be easier.  Leto whimpered again and he thought better of it.  It would be cruel to make her watch the death of Hades, knowing that hers was next.  "I will make it quick."  He bit his lip and tilted his head toward her.  "Pray like we used to on Larsa."
She shook her head and tried to speak again.  Prometheus tried to shush her calmly and he ran his hand over her face and into her hair.  "Please, One above.  I ask your forgiveness for what I am about to do, though it be to better your glory."  With surprising ferocity, he tightened his grip in her hair and wrenched her head to one side.  He leaned over so that her neck would be the only thing in his sight.  With three quick, long strokes, he sliced open both an artery and a vein in her throat.  He leapt up and away from the spurting, spraying of her blood.  She twisted on the deck and tried to free her hands.  Leto blinked rapidly and she rolled side to side, still trying to pull her hands from the tape.  Her eyes slammed shut and stayed tightly closed.  Blood continued to erupt from her neck for a bit longer than Prometheus expected.  Soon, she stopped moving and her neck only seeped red instead of projecting it.
Prometheus wept.  He looked at his hands and saw that blood covered them, even though he had tried to quickly move away from his deed.  Shaking his head, he leaned against the pod and Anaxo leaned over Leto's body.
"I know it's hard, Prometheus.  You've done all that you needed to do."  Anaxo held out one hand toward the crying man and the other motioned toward the hatch.  "Let's go."
Prometheus sniffled and wiped tears from his cheeks, unwittingly smearing blood across his face.  He stood again and moved toward Hades' body.
"Prometheus," Anaxo was nearly pleading, "do not do this."  Anaxo pulled on Prometheus' jumpsuit but he wrested himself away again.
He sniffled and leaned over Hades.  Sighing, he placed the scalpel against the unconscious man's throat.  Using only two strokes this time, Prometheus cut the throat, again jumping back from the deluge.  
Anaxo stood still, staring at the dying brother of Zeus.  "I cannot help you any more, Prometheus.  What you've done," he swallowed hard and shook his head.  "You're on your own."
Prometheus slowly turned his head toward Anaxo.  Just as his eyes focused on him, he vanished.
L
ANAXO
5,841 Years Before the Final Exodus

The Messenger sat in his chair and accepted the gift from the village elder.  "Thank you, Juo."
She bowed.  "Thank you, messenger.  May you have many more birthdays."
Anaxo smiled and placed the basket on the table beside him.  He breathed deeply and looked across the crowd.  He saw some of the Draco crew in attendance and he saw some of their children, too.  The people from the sky and the people who lived had blended together well.  Faith in the one, true god had been rekindled and the word of its love had spread to dozens of smaller villages and tribes all around Scythia.
Anaxo stood and the room went quiet.  "I am an old man, so I do not know how many more years I will see."  Some in the room laughed, others did not.  "If there is anything I can leave behind, other than faith in the One, it is this word of advice: patience is key."  A few people nodded while the rest simply listened.
"We have spread the love of the Great One all over Scythia.  That leaves only Larsa to do."  Someone chuckled loudly.  "We have met resistance in the north and that is well.  It allows us time to hone our spiritual defenses.  It allows us to become stronger in the faith.  We can move north, and when the time is right, we can speak about the Great One.  But only when the time is right."
"How will we know when that is, messenger?" a woman asked.
Anaxo smiled.  "When the Great One tells us it is time.  Not before and not after."  He licked his lips.  "Messages from the one, true god do not come with blinding lights and blaring horns.  Not always.  We must be sensitive to its messages.  And its messengers.  I don't mean myself and people like me.  Anyone in this room can be a messenger of the One."
Phil straightened his shirt and sipped from a water glass.  After setting it back down, he continued, "We must always be vigilant for messages from the One.  We need to hear and then obey.  That is also very important.  We must obey."
The people nodded and said, "Amen."
"We are all a part of the One's plan," Anaxo said.  "If we hear its word and do not obey," he shrugged and looked forlorn, "well, let me just say: may the one, true god have mercy on us all."
LI
ZEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was a good party.
Zeus and the other Olympians were slumped in their seats on the Aetos as Ares piloted it back to the hangar.  A few were asleep.  Apollo and Coronis were holding hands and talking.  Athena was smiling and talking to a very drunk Demeter.  Zeus grinned and looked out the window.  The sun was just beginning to rise.  He knew Leto would be asleep when he got back but he thought about awakening her for some lovemaking before he conked out himself.
The wings of Aetos folded up and the golden craft drifted into the open bay, landing quietly on the deck.  The Lords all stood and made their way toward the hatch.  Dionysus had to nudge Atlas awake.  When Ares emerged from the pilot seat, Hephaestus slurred at him, "A very deft landing, my boy."
Ares smiled, "Thank you."
Aphrodite rolled her eyes and pulled him along, "Come on.  I believe someone has several hours of sleep to catch."
They all left the ship and stumbled across the bay and into the corridors of Olympus.  Zeus slowly walked to the lift and then down the hall to the quarters he shared with Leto.  He walked inside and stretched his arms.  With a loud yawn, he said, "Good morning."  
He looked at the bed and saw that she wasn't there.  Then, he turned and realized that the hatch had been wide open, too.  He stood still, thinking for a moment.  It is morning.  Perhaps she went to do some work in the medical bay or labs?  That's fine.  He was probably too tired and drunk to have made a solid pass at her.  He climbed into bed, still dressed in his ceremonial robes, and exhaled deeply.  A few moments later, he was asleep.
"Father!" someone screamed.
Zeus' eyes popped wide open.  "What?"
Ares knelt by his side.  "You have to come with me.  Now."
Zeus turned his head and squinted at the light that streamed from the corridor.  "What is it?"
Ares breathed slowly.  "Please.  Come now."
Ares was never this joylessly grim.  And urgent.  Zeus furrowed his brow and sat up.  After feeling his head throb a few times, he asked, "What time is it?"
"We've only been back for twenty minutes."  Ares stood, grabbing Zeus' arm.  "Come now."
Zeus was concerned.  He stood and immediately stalked off behind his son.  He maintained his squint in the bright lights of the corridors and lift.  Soon, they were near the resurrection bay.  A crowd of people gathered around the hatch.  
"What's going on?" Zeus asked.
Hephaestus was holding Aphrodite, who was sobbing uncontrollably.  Hephaestus himself was weeping.  Selene and Antaeus were shaking their heads and hugging Hestia.  Athena's face was buried against the bulkhead.  Ares pushed Zeus ahead and the other Lords made room for him.  They entered the bay and Zeus saw even more Olympians.  They were kneeling on the deck, wailing.  Then he saw that they were kneeling in blood.
"The frak …"  Zeus caught a glimpse of Leto's face.  
"Father," Ares said, "they can't resurrect."  Zeus' head whipped around; his mouth fell open.  "The patterns were deleted from the system.  The backups, too."
He was motionless.  His mind processed what he heard several times before he was able to make the connections.  Zeus ran from Ares' side and slid onto the floor and into the pool of blood.  Apollo and Artemis were alongside Leto.  Artemis was cradling her head and Apollo held her arm, kissing her hand repeatedly.  
"Leto?  Leto!"  He screamed and grabbed at her shoulders.  
Then he noticed the tape binding her arms.  His eyes ran all along her body.  Blood had caked onto her flesh.  Her clothes were soaked and semi-rigid with it.  A clean rectangle surrounded her mouth and Zeus pulled her up and away from Artemis' grasp.  He kissed her on the lips, feeling his skin pull slightly because of a remaining adhesive.  He hugged her tightly and screamed again.
Artemis fell back off her knees.  Apollo released his mother's hand and he leaned over to hug his sister.  Zeus cradled Leto and rocked back and forth.  A moment later, he felt a wet hand touch his arm.
"Zeus," Poseidon said, his voice cracking.
He pulled his head away from Leto and looked at his brother.  "She's gone?  She can't really be gone."
Poseidon closed his eyes and nodded.  "She is."  He pulled on Zeus' arm and he leaned back.  "And so is Hades."
Zeus looked down and he saw for the first time his younger brother, lying on the deck in a pool of blood.  His head swam and he grew dizzy.  Zeus' arms seemed to give out and Leto slowly slid down his body and back into the red muck.  Artemis resumed her cradling position as Zeus crawled over to Hades' side.  Bloody handprints smeared across the clean metal floor and trailed from one body to the next.
He began to shake his head.  Zeus twisted his neck so that he could look into Hades' eyes.  His empty, cloudy eyes.  No.  This can't be.  He shook his head more and Poseidon took Zeus' hand.  "No," he said aloud.
Aurora had been collapsed in a heap near Hades' legs.  She lifted her head and looked at his face and let out a scream that startled Zeus and everyone else.  She collapsed again, grabbing at his blood-soaked robes.
"No," Zeus said again.
Poseidon got up on his knees, leaning over Hades' body, and hugged Zeus.  "I'm sorry."  His voice cracked again.  Zeus didn't take his eyes off Hades' face.  A tear fell from Poseidon's cheek and plopped into the blood.  Zeus watched the two liquids interact and he pulled away.
"No!" Zeus yelled.  
He stumbled back and tried to stand.  His bare feet slipped in the blood and he fell backward onto the side of a resurrection pod.  He leaned against it, shaking his head.  Aurora rose up and laid her face on Hades' chest, sobbing loudly.
Poseidon backed away and tried to stand.  Ares came to his side and helped him up.  Zeus looked around the bay, not catching anyone's face.  He still felt dizzy.  His head felt leaden and he couldn't focus on anything.  He saw tape around Leto's legs.  He saw Apollo hugging Artemis' neck as she cradled her mother.  Coronis was leaning against the wall, crying, and looking at her husband.  Ares hugged Poseidon.  And then Zeus saw it: Ares had shed a tear.
He leaned forward and began quivering.  Sobs wracked his body and he felt his stomach lurch.  He turned to the left and vomited between the rows of pods.  A moment later, he retched again.  He groaned and pulled himself upright, pressing his head against the underside of a pod's console.  He felt the corner of it digging into his scalp.  In that moment, he wanted the pain.  He pushed his head harder onto the point.  
Selene came to Zeus' side with a glass of water.  She laid a hand on his shoulder.  "Drink."  He didn't move.  She set the base on his leg and pulled his hand up to touch it.
He couldn't turn his head.  He didn't want to.  His fingers clasped the glass but he made no attempt to bring it to his mouth.  His sobs ceased and the tears trickled down his cheeks and through his beard.  He stared at nothing.  Zeus looked only at the emptiness of the doorway to the resurrection bay.  The bodies of his little brother and his beloved seemed to frame that empty square.  Then he saw someone move into that black space.
Zeus looked up.  In the doorway, Hera stood.  Her eyes were wide and her skin had gone as white as chalk.
LII
ARES
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

He sighed.
Ares had been sitting in the command center for two hours.  He hadn't done anything, really.  Just sitting.  One monitor showed the resurrection bay and focused on his father.  Ever since this morning, Zeus sat on the floor leaning against a pod staring into nothing.  He didn't budge as Selene and Dione moved the bodies to the medical bay an hour before.  A few minutes ago, the maintenance robots came through the area and cleaned up the blood.  One tried to clean blood off Zeus' foot, but he didn't flinch then, either.
Ares watched his father.  He seemed utterly numb to the world around him.  Ares sighed again.  He blamed himself.  He was the closest thing they had to a security chief.  He had failed.
Dione and Helios slowly came into the room.  Dione tapped on the hatch door, though it was swung open.  "Can we come in?"
Ares nodded silently and then he spoke.  "Of course."
"We have some news," Helios said.
They both sat down at consoles adjacent to Ares.  Dione spoke first, softly.  "We took it upon ourselves to review computer records."
"I wish you had waited," Ares said.  He began to shake his head, "It would be best for everyone to be a part of the investigation."
Dione nodded, "You're right, but everybody seemed to be in such a daze.  We felt it was best to get started soon."
"Yeah," Helios said, "We didn't know if it was one of us.  Which one of us did it or had a part in it."
"True."  Ares turned in his chair to face them more directly.  "The investigation should have started right away.  Another failing on my part.  What did you find?"
"I went through the system to see who logged in to erase their download protocols.  Problem is they erased their trail."  Helios shook his head, "They did a good job of it."
"There are only a few people with access to the resurrection systems," Dione said.  "Hera, Leto, and I on the medical end.  On the computer side of things, there's Helios, Hephaestus, Hermes, and Zeus."
Helios interjected, "The login profile of the person who did all of this is new."
"New?" Ares asked.  
"Meaning a profile was set up recently and keyed to one person's identity."  Helios glanced over to the monitor and watched Zeus.  Still sitting still.  "They erased the profile when they were finished."
"Great."  Ares said.
"It gets even better," Hephaestus said as he walked into the room.  He sat down at his usual workstation and swiveled toward the others, "The cargo shuttle is gone."
Ares' eyebrows shot up.  "What?" 
"Yes.  The cargo shuttle, three resurrection pods, and various other supplies.  Computer systems."  Hephaestus placed his hands on the datastream pad.
Ares held his face in his hands.  He was the only sober one after the celebration.  He piloted the Aetos into the bay and he didn't notice that the cargo shuttle was gone.  Or was it still there when he arrived?  Was the killer sitting there, waiting to leave?
"When was it taken?" Ares asked.
"According to Olympus, about three hours before we all returned from the party."  Hephaestus saw Ares' expression and his hand-wringing.  "There's nothing you could have done."
"There's always something that could have been done," he replied.
"Wait," Dione said.  "Whose resurrection pods were taken?"
Hephaestus cocked a wry grin, "I'll give you one guess."
Ares nodded.  "Prometheus."
"Yep."
Ares turned to Helios, "His name didn't come up your search of the computer systems?"
"No," he said.  "Not at all."
Hephaestus leaned forward, "Would Prometheus have the computer knowledge to do all of this?"
"Not entirely," Dione said.  "Sure, he was technically proficient, but he wouldn't have been able to set up access for himself into our key systems without help."
Ares pointed at Hephaestus, "Have you tried tracking the cargo shuttle?"
Hephaestus' face grew solemn, "That's some more bad news."  He pressed his hand in the datastream pad again and the main hologram viewer showed the surface of Kobol.  "When he left Olympus, he flew due west.  Once he got over the Arcadian Ocean, he disabled all of the communications and transponders."
Helios interrupted, "Our satellites should still be able to track him, though."
"Should, yes," Hephaestus said.  A red line traced from Mount Olympus and over the ocean. The line turned south and traveled for a few hundred scale kilometers before disappearing.  "Now, you'll note the large storm system parked off the southern coast of Pisces."  A swirl of white and grey clouds obscured a large portion of the sea.
"He ducked under that," Ares said.
"Yes.  I've got Olympus running scans of all satellite imagery for the last seven hours to see if the shuttle turns up.  Nothing yet."
The four of them sat silently.  Dione shook her head and spoke, "I can't believe he could do this.  He … never seemed like that kind of person."
"He always spoke about God's love," Helios said.
Ares didn't move.  He looked back to the smaller monitor and saw his father still sitting on the floor.  "Last we heard, Prometheus was moving south."
"That's what he told us after that meeting when we all walked out," Dione said.
Ares stroked his chin, "To the monotheist tribes in Scythia?"
"Damn," Helios said.
"I don't know," Dione said.  "He could have just meant south.  Not necessarily to the southern continent."
"To the Aries?  Sagittarius?" Hephaestus said.  "What would be the point?"
Dione shook her head, "I don't know if I like the tone … where is this going?"
"Mother," Helios said, "it makes the most sense."
Hephaestus was nodding, "The massacre of monotheists in Zakro?  That was a few decades ago.  Prometheus would certainly remember that and I would have to say that he does not care for Zeus' experiment.  Not one bit."
"Neither do I," Dione said, "but I don't know if we can make this kind of leap."
"I haven't specified what kind of leap I'm making," Ares said.
"I think it's obvious," Helios said.  "You believe Prometheus is holed up in Scythia with the tribes there."
"It makes the most sense to me right now."
"Son."
Ares turned to the door and saw Hera standing there.  "Yes, mother?"
She looked around the room at each of the Olympians.  She was hesitant, but she slowly walked inside.  She didn't sit next to Ares, but she stood by the console.  "We need to talk."
Ares motioned toward the others, "We're piecing together what happened."
"Oh," she said.  She looked at the floor and licked her lips.  She blinked rapidly and then looked up toward the ceiling.  "I can help with that."
Ares sensed something was wrong.  "How?"
She inhaled deeply.  Without looking at him, she turned toward Ares and said, "I gave Prometheus access to the resurrection systems and logging."
Ares simply stared at her.  Hephaestus closed his eyes.  Helios shook his head and Dione spoke, "Why?  Why would you do that?"
Hera didn't answer right away.  Ares saw that she was light-headed and he stood, offering her his chair.  Without saying anything or moving toward it, he sat her down into the seat.  "I believe anyone on this ship could guess why."
They were silent for a moment.  Helios then offered, "Leto?"
Hera only nodded.  A single tear welled in her eye and streamed over her pale cheek.  "It was only supposed to be Leto."
"Why was Hades here?" Dione asked.
Ares cleared his throat.  "Poseidon told me he came to change his clothes.  He was supposed to return to the party."
"So," Helios started, "that wasn't planned."
They fell quiet again.  Hephaestus spoke up next, "But why kill him and … erase him?  Prometheus must have known that we would realize who did this.  It's not like Hades was going to be the only evidence against him."
Ares shook his head.  "Obviously, Prometheus is mad."
Helios nodded but Dione asked, "What is his plan?  He has to have a plan, right?"
"Not to derail strategy," Hephaestus interjected, "but what do we do about this?"  He was pointing at Hera.
Ares looked down at her.  She was still gazing into space, much like his father was still doing on the monitor.  "For now, I think you should just stay in your quarters."  She nodded.  "All of us should keep this to ourselves."
"Yes," Dione said. 
"We'll have to tell my father," he looked to the monitor again, "at some point.  No time soon.  When he finds out, I … I don't know."
Without responding, Hera stood quietly and left the command center.  The four remaining Lords sat quietly.
"What is Prometheus' plan?" Dione asked again.
Ares shook his head.  "I don't know."  He sat down and placed his hand on the induction panel.  The projection of Kobol shifted to display Scythia.  The small continent was buffered from the northern continent by many islands in a sea.  A few were large, most were not.
"Olympus," Ares began, "display inhabited villages and towns in Scythia and the Thracian Islands."  Red circles populated the map.  "Show villages aligned with us as blue and unknowns as red."  Dots on some of the more northern islands turned blue.  Most of the others remained red.  Ares exhaled slowly as he thought.  "Can we estimate the collective population of Scythia and these island villages?"
"Not at this time.  It would require a detailed satellite thermal scan," the computer answered.
"Start it now," Ares said.  "How long to complete the thermal scans of all Scythian and Thracian villages?"
"Approximately five days, sixteen hours."
"Continue."
Hephaestus stood, "What are you looking for?"
Ares stood, too.  "Prometheus' army."
LIII
PROMETHEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

It had been nearly a month since he returned from Mount Olympus.  He sat on a beach, watching the waves crash against the rocks. The sun was obscured by clouds and hundreds of his men exercised under the thatched roof a few hundred meters behind him.
"Hello," Arete said as she sat by him.
He glanced at her and gave her a weak smile.  She was much older now.  Likely near death.  Prometheus loved her, he believed, but there was no acting on those feelings.  "How are you?"
"Tired, of course," she said.
He nodded and looked across the ocean.  He knew that the mainland of Galatia was sitting just over the horizon, though he couldn't see it.  Here on Cythera, the largest island in the Thracian Sea, his forces gathered and prepared to sail north.
"You haven't been the same since you came back."
Prometheus sat still.  After exhaling, he shook his head.  "How could I be the same?"
Arete laid her head on his shoulder.  "I don't think you could."  Prometheus didn't respond and she kept speaking, "Are we still committed to our plans?"
"We better be," he said softly. 
"What?"  She couldn't hear him over the waves.
"Yes," he said.  "We're still on schedule to leave tomorrow night."
Arete saw that he wasn't in a talking mood.  She pulled away, stroked the back of his head and left.
Part of Prometheus wanted to tell her to stay.  He wanted to curl up in a ball and lay his head in her lap.  His throat tightened as he imagined the comfort of that gesture.  He had killed two people.  Had their blood on his hands.  He could never free himself from that burden even if the One forgave him.
The One.  He prayed to it often, begging for signs that he had done the right thing.  Anaxo was still gone.  Prometheus asked the One to send him back.  He missed the invisible messenger's advice and encouragement.  His disappearance only served to instill doubt.
Had he really gone too far?  Was their effort doomed because of his choice?  If so, why did the One allow Hades to come to Olympus in the first place and interrupt him?  Without Anaxo, Prometheus feared he would never have the answers.
He heard yelling to his left and Prometheus looked in that direction.  Someone had fallen overboard from one of the many fishing boats that had gathered along the coast.  He looked back to the waves.  In about twenty hours, he would be on one of those boats sailing north.
Regardless of his doubts, there was no stopping the war now.
LIV
ZEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

Hera.
When Ares and Poseidon told him, Zeus couldn't feel surprise.  He sat there, still numb and trying to process it all.  To hear that Hera had given Prometheus the access to do what he did … it confused him.  
Revenge against him for betraying her.  He understood it.  That's why he wasn't really surprised.  But Hades.  Losing Hades was something that stunned him.  Even Hera, as Ares and Poseidon assured him repeatedly.
He had Dione delete Prometheus' resurrection protocols even though he knew he had taken three resurrection pods with him.  Ares had gathered his army and was moving south toward Scythia where they expected Prometheus to be.  Zeus had seen the satellite results; he agreed with Ares that a major offensive wasn't too far off.  
He felt oddly detached from all the hard work and bustling associated with war preparations.  Even when Hephaestus gave him a new toy: a staff with multiple functions, including electric discharges.  Zeus nodded and thanked him, but the novelty of it was lost on him.
He stood outside the hatch to Hera's quarters for about five minutes before knocking.  He waited for … he didn't know.  He wasn't even sure of what he was going to say.  He knew that he had to see her, though.  
He knocked lightly.  The wheel spun and she opened the door.  Her eyes opened wide and she stood back.  Holding her head low, she said, "Come in."
Zeus shuffled inside and quickly sat in the first chair he reached near the door.  His eyes were glazed over and he didn't focus on her.  He sat in silence before he finally said something, his voice cracking, "I felt I had to see you."
Hera sat on the edge of her bed.  She nodded quickly.  "I understand."  Several more moments passed quietly.  "Zeus, I … I am so sorry about your brother."
He looked up at her face for the first time.  She didn't reciprocate.  "And Leto?"
Her head sunk even lower.  "No.  I'm not sorry about her."
Zeus ground his teeth and balled his fist.  "I loved her."
Now, Hera lifted her head.  "You were supposed to love me.  You are my husband."
"I love you both!" he screamed.  "Why couldn't you ever understand that?"  She stared at him blankly and he shook his head.  "Why is it so difficult for you to conceive that I could love two different women at the same time?"
"But you are married to me!  You are my husband!  You made a commitment to me!"
"And you're being selfish!"
Hera's mouth fell open, the corners curling up into a kind of smile.  "I'm selfish?  Are you out of your frakking mind?"  He didn't respond.  "For three hundred waking years, we've been married, and for almost that same length of time, you've done whatever you wanted regardless of the consequences or how it affects other people.  Tell me again how selfish I am."
"You're so selfish," he began, "you gave a madman the access to kill anyone he wanted to on this ship."  Hera's smug expression left.  "Yes, you killed Leto.  But you also killed my brother."
Any anger in Zeus' voice had departed.  Hera was looking down at her own lap again.  They sat in silence for a while longer.  He pulled a small device from his pocket and placed it on the table.  She saw it and asked, "What are you doing?"
He inhaled sharply, "I'm going to induce … resurrection on you, but your download will be held in the system for … a time.  I don't know how long."
"What?"  The color left her face.  "Why?"  He didn't look at her and she began to shake her head, getting angrier with each movement.  "Why not kill me outright?"
Zeus stood and picked up the device.  "It wouldn't be fair to our children," he said.  "And there's been enough death around here."
He took her arm and Hera fought for a moment.  She pulled away and rolled over the bed.  "I won't let you do this to me."
Zeus calmly walked around the bed and approached her.  She had backed into a corner and was shaking all over.  "Once you've been resurrected, you will not be allowed to live on Olympus any longer."
Her fear seemed to have washed away and she stood up straight.  "Banishing me?"
"Yes."  Zeus held the device up.  It was a syringe.  "You have to admit, considering what you did, you're getting off light."
Hera's breathing wavered and her eyes lost focus on Zeus, instead drifting over to the wall.  "I truly am sorry about Hades."
Zeus stuck the needle into her arm and pressed the plunger.  She grew dizzy and slid down the bulkhead.  Zeus didn't catch or help her body down.  It slid and flopped onto the floor.  He stood over her for a moment and then sat on the bed.  He lowered his face into his hands and began to cry.
LV
ARES
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Is this accurate?" Ares asked.
Helios' voice came through the earpiece, "I'm afraid so."
Ares was sitting in a tent on the plains of Sagittarius.  Around him, tens of thousands of men and women drilled and exercised.  He sat alone as the wind made the canvas flap around him.  In a large chair, Ares sat, holding the personal computer and studying an image cobbled together from multiple satellite passes.
The northern coast of Scythia and some of the nearby islands, including the largest, Cythera, were in the picture.  Zooming in, Ares saw thousands of large fishing boats and trawlers.  Thermal scans showed there were more than three hundred thousand people gathered along the coasts.
"They're going to use the boats to mount an amphibious assault," Ares said.
"Looks like it," Helios said.
"Of that three hundred thousand, I would say two hundred fifty thousand are soldiers.  The rest would be … support and supplies."  Ares scrolled around the picture some more.  He shook his head.  "Is Poseidon on his way yet?"
Helios paused.  "He left this morning."
"Good.  Looks like we'll need his cavalry after all."
"How many soldiers do you have with you?" Helios asked.
Ares sighed and set the computer on a table.  "Seventy-five thousand with me now.  Hermes is still back east with about twenty thousand.  He's marching this way."
"How many ships have the Aquarians built?"
Ares shook his head, "Not enough to matter.  We couldn't launch an assault into Scythia now if our lives depended on it."
Helios sighed loudly.  "Not that I doubt your skills, Ares, but do you think your men and Poseidon's cavalry can take on two hundred fifty thousand?"
Ares stood and walked toward the entrance to his tent.  He parted the flap and looked across the field.  Thousands upon thousands of soldiers were in their armor and marching by.  His chest puffed out and he smiled wryly, "I believe so."
LVI
PROMETHEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Now."
Armored in mail and carrying swords, the next legion of soldiers began to march from the beach north toward Sippar, the Sagittarian settlement nearest their landing.  Archers began to form up on the sand and march to the rear.  Thirty thousand men altogether were on the move.
Prometheus was standing on a large rock by the beach.  Thousands of fishing vessels waited just off shore as hundreds more filled the coastline, emptying their cargo of men and materials.  Engineers had already begun to drag the empty ships from the beach and disassemble them.  The wood was to be recycled and made into catapults, shelters, barricades … anything they needed.  
Prometheus stepped off the rock and walked across the beach.  Another boat with horses had landed and they were trying to corral the beasts so more scouting parties could be sent out. He looked at the soldiers marching north and wondered when the first group would be back.
After several minutes, he came to a grove of trees.  He had an odd feeling in the pit of his stomach and he continued to walk into the shadows.  He saw nothing out of the ordinary.  There was a wide, open space in the midst of the trees.  He looked around, trying to justify his concern and he stumbled somewhat on a stone.  Looking down, he saw that it was part of a ring circling what was once a campfire.  He knew at that moment he was standing in Zakro.
The scene had been described to him many times.  He looked toward the inlet on the eastern side of the shore.  He walked out from under the trees toward the beach and he stopped halfway to the waves.  He closed his eyes and looked down.  There was no sign of it.  No evidence.  Still, Prometheus knew that this is where the bodies of two hundred plus believers were stacked and burned.
Without looking around further, Prometheus stalked away from the empty village and returned to the beachhead.  One of his generals was waiting for him on horseback.  Prometheus walked to his side.  "Any report from our scouts?"
Apsyrtus shook his head and squinted as he looked north.  "No.  I haven't heard anything yet."
Prometheus walked toward another group of horses and found his larger, big-boned steed.  "Go ahead with the First Legion.  Send the scouts back to me if you find them."
"Yes, messenger."  The soldier clapped his legs together and the horse bolted toward the marching soldiers.
Prometheus climbed atop his horse and rode back along the beach.  Seeing an engineer and a priest, he rode up to them.  "Listen to me."
"Yes, messenger?" the priest said.
"To the east, there is a grove of trees.  In the open space, you will find the stones from an old campfire.  That is all that remains of Zakro."
The engineer whipped his head and looked where Prometheus had pointed.  "So close …"
"You are to use whatever materials that are available and establish a small shrine to the fallen there and to the One."
"Of course, messenger," the priest said.
"Later, once we have firmly established ourselves here, we can build a proper temple."
The engineer bowed, "Yes, my lord."  
Prometheus narrowed his eyes, "Excuse me?"
The engineer looked up, realizing his mistake, "I apologize, messenger."
After a moment, Prometheus slapped the reins, "Carry on."  He rode north toward the rear of the legions and he saw a band of soldiers returning.  He rode faster to meet them.  
"Messenger," one of the men said, "we encountered a small group of scouts west of Sippar."
"How many?" Prometheus asked.
"Six," he responded.  He handed Prometheus a helmet.  It was dull bronze and looked very much like ancient Attican military armor.  He knew Ares and Hephaestus hadn't strayed too far from the old designs.  "As soon as they saw us, they made for the north."
"Did you stop them?"
The scout lowered his head.  "We managed to kill four.  We caught a fifth and he's being detained.  General Apsyrtus is questioning him now."
"The sixth?"
"He got away, messenger."
Prometheus nodded.  With a wave of his hand, the group left his side and rode back toward the north.  Prometheus slowly rode up alongside the legions, knowing they were still a couple of days march away from Sippar.  Regardless, he knew that Ares would soon be aware of their presence.
LVII
ARES
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

Just breathe, Ares told himself.
He was sitting upon his armored horse.  Wearing his heavy bronze and gold plate armor, the Lord General surveyed the seventy-five thousand soldiers as they established barricades, trenches, traps, and more in the plains below.
For almost three months, Ares and his group had made camp in the Elysian Fields.  Hermes and his men were still about a week away.  Poseidon and his cavalry evacuated Sagittarius and moved east toward Aries.  On their way back, they had met with a comedy of errors and were still stuck in the west.  They were at least a week away, too.
To allow himself time, Ares decided to stay here.  He could fortify his position and wait for the reinforcements.  By being at the northern end of the peninsula, he would be in a natural position for Prometheus' army to find him.  The steep hills of the Parnon Mountains rose in the west and the ocean lay to the east.  The only way for an army to move north and west toward Theonpolis was through the Thrakis Pass, which was north of the Elysian Fields.  Prometheus would have to come this way.  It was logical.
Ares sighed again.  He found himself doing that more and more lately.  Since awakening centuries ago, Ares had busied himself with raising a small army.  Militias, really, to keep the peace around Galatia if there was any kind of rebellion.  There never was, of course.  The most excitement he'd had was getting acquainted with ancient warfare and technologies.  He created a conglomeration of Larsa's military history and arrayed it before him.
But he wasn't keeping an eye on his home.  Prometheus had made a secret deal with Hera and he killed Leto and Hades.  Ares blamed himself for the lapse in security.  Everyone said it wasn't his fault, but that didn't matter.
Decades before that, he sensed something was wrong.  Hephaestus began making more and more swords, shields and armor.  He raised a far larger army.  Now he finds out that Prometheus has bested him on that front, too.  A force well in excess of two hundred fifty thousand was marching his way.  They could be here in a week.  A few days, even.
His father sat in isolation on Mount Olympus.  Ares had assured him he would get Prometheus.  Zeus still seemed dumbfounded by the events of the last few months.  It was as though anger had not yet touched him.  Regardless, Zeus knew Ares was up to the task of the hunt.  The last thing Ares wanted to do now was ask for his father's help.  
He heard a hissing sound in the east.  Turning his horse, he saw a silver glint low to the ground move toward his position.  It was a dartship.  The craft landed nearby and Ares galloped down the slope to its side.
He slowed the horse as the engines powered off.  The hatch slid open and Apollo stepped out.  He was followed by Artemis.  They were both wearing gray deflective singlesuits and they carried armor and weapons by their sides.  Ares climbed off his horse and gave Artemis a hug.  While shaking Apollo's hand, the twin said, "How can we help?"
LVIII
PROMETHEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

One more day.
Prometheus was kneeling on a bed of pine needles, clutching the bark of a tree.  Tears streamed from his eyes and he blubbered to a god he feared wasn't listening any longer.  
"Please, Great One.  I have done what I have done to advance your cause and your plan."  He pulled away from the tree, sap on his face and hands.  He looked up through the branches at the occasional sunlight breaking through above.  "I am ready to be your fist.  Let me be the one who brings down the pretenders!  Let us, your followers, spread into the north and bring the others around to worship you!"
For some reason, at that moment, he remembered meeting Anaxo for the first time on the side of the road near Larak.  "God is love."  That's what Prometheus had said.
He fell onto his back as though struck.  He stared into the tree above and just lay there.  After a few minutes, he rose.  Needles, dust, and sap clung to his cloth tunic and he walked back toward the encampment.  Once there, he saw no activity.  He heard singing and he walked toward the large canvas tent.  Inside, the command staff and many soldiers were holding a worship service.  
Prometheus knew his face was wet with tears.  He felt the tackiness of the sap on his skin and clothes.  He knew, going into this tent in such disarray, he may be showing weakness, or worse, inspiring doubt and fear in his men.  But he had questions.  He needed answers.
He pulled up the flap and immediately walked to the front.  The congregants had just sat down again and the priests seemed stunned by Prometheus' appearance.
"Messenger," he said.  "We were … looking for you a while ago."  The priest looked at him up and down, trying to comprehend his disheveled state.
"I have questions," Prometheus said softly.  He stepped next to the priest and grabbed his arms.  Prometheus sat on a table nearby and pulled the priest toward him.  "There's only one more day."
The priest was startled.  He sensed the fear in Prometheus, thanks to the Chara that surrounded him.  He tried to maintain a good front and he was drawn in by the messenger's expression of fear.  Somehow, large as he was, Prometheus looked small.
"I will help however I can, messenger.  You know that."
Prometheus glanced quickly at the congregation.  Hundreds of people, including General Apsyrtus, were watching.  Most were confused.  Prometheus ignored them and spoke to the priest.  "God is love.  Yes?"
The priest, concerned though he was for Prometheus, managed a smile, "The Great One is love, yes, messenger."
Tears again welled in his eyes, "Then why has it directed us to war?  Why have I killed people?"
The crowd began to murmur, but the priest ignored them, "All of the One's plans are not known to us."
"But it is love!"
The priest nodded and held Prometheus' arms in return, trying to steady him as he wobbled on the table.  "Yes.  Yes, it is."
"Then why kill?"
The priest smiled again, "We do so for the greater good.  Thousands will die in the coming days, there is no doubt."  Prometheus slammed his eyes shut and a plaintive groan escaped him.  "But the lives of the millions who will not die, the souls of the many … they outweigh the lives of the thousands."
"But …"
"We fight because Zeus and the others have set themselves above the One."  He stroked Prometheus' arm and looked to the crowd.  They were stunned, but attentive.  "They deny the existence of the one, true god and the blind faith of their believers has already led to the slaughter of hundreds of our brothers; true believers all."
"Not revenge!" Prometheus exclaimed.  "This is not for revenge …"
"No, messenger," the priest said.  "This is not for revenge.  We fight to free the Olympians' believers and to prevent the murders of Draco."  Prometheus began to nod.  "You told us it was only a matter of time before they felt the need to expand, to move south.  And when they find the Draco …"
"Yes," Prometheus said, "Zeus could not abide having millions of believers in the One here."
"Yes."
"The Draco could poison believers in the Olympians," Prometheus said.  "They know too much."  He stood from the table and let his arms fall.
"Yes, messenger."  He motioned to the crowd, "We have all seen what fear of the one, true god can instill in Zeus' followers.  If we were to simply exist in our own lands, keeping to ourselves, we could not stand a chance against them when they became roused."
Prometheus nodded and he looked at the crowd, meekly.  His head raised a little and he glanced back to the priest, "I am sorry for my … wavering."
The priest embraced Prometheus, hugging him tightly.  He pulled away and held the messenger's shoulder.  "You see?  Even the greatest among us fears the One Whose Name Cannot Be Spoken.  Even he knows that the One is love and that the killing we have already done and are about to do is tragic.  But we will do it so that the millions in the north can know about the one, true god."
"Yes," many in the crowd said.
"We will do it to save ourselves and our families, as well as the souls of our cousins in the north."  Prometheus looked stronger, but he was still obviously dejected.  The priest again put his arm around the messenger, "When you, someone who could have taken on the role of and been treated as a god, understands the power of the one, true god … with you leading us into battle, knowing all that is at stake, we know our faith in the One is justified."
The congregants stood and applauded.  Prometheus looked around the tent and saw the smiles.  He inhaled deeply and for the first time in days, a smile formed at the edges of his mouth.  He leaned over to the priest and whispered, "Thank you."
The priest grinned and he looked to the crowd, "Tomorrow we will have victory!"
Prometheus nodded, "May the One be praised."
The crowd roared in response, "Amen!"
LIX
ARES
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

The horns blew.  The ground seemed to quake as Prometheus' forces stepped into the field Ares had chosen for the battle.  The Lord General sat upon his horse in the hills to the west of the plain. Apollo and Artemis stood by his side.
"How many?" Apollo asked.  Again.
Ares smirked, "Same as the last scan.  Two hundred seventy-one thousand, four hundred nine."
"But only eleven hundred cavalry," Artemis said.
"Yes."  Ares held the telescanner to his eye.  It was an odd juxtaposition: a man clad in plate armor, bearing a sword and shield, but using a computerized long-distance viewing device.  "I would guess most of the horses they have they took from the Sagittarian villages they raided in the south."
"What are those large wooden things?" Apollo asked.
"Catapults, ballista."  Ares scanned the field again.  "Looks like some kind of … rolling barricade."
Artemis twirled her bow again.  She looked to Apollo, "Should we get down there?"
He nodded but Ares spoke, "Go.  They'll be in arrow range in about ten minutes."
The siblings ran down the hill and quickly fell in with the archers in the back of the infantry.  Apollo left Artemis' side to attend to the left flank of archers. 
Ares inhaled deeply and he touched the communication device in his ear, almost as a nervous tick, making sure it was still there.  Zeus had come to see him the day before, offering him encouragement and instructions.
"When you've got Prometheus cornered," he said, "call me.  I want to be there."  He grabbed Ares shoulder, "He is mine."  Zeus certainly should have the claim on Prometheus' head.  Ares knew he could call on him for help, too.  But that was not something he wanted to do.
Ares looked to the west and saw one of his generals, Calymatus, sitting with a small group of cavalry.  Ares quickly rode up to that hill and alongside him.  
"Lord General," Calymatus said.  "Battle is upon us."
"Indeed, general," Ares said.  He lifted the telescanner to his eye again.  He was now in range for a more detailed examination of their opponents.  He zoomed in on the initial wave of infantry.  They were all wearing mail and plate armor.  Red cloth peeked out from under their shielding.  They carried long swords with short swords at their sides and oblong shields.
"Damn," Ares said.
"What is it, Lord General?"
Ares sighed.  "It seems that they have had more time to prepare than I thought.  Their smithies have managed to make far better armor than we anticipated."  He scanned the ranks again and saw plate armor on everyone but archers and sappers.  They wore mail.  He looked to his own men, noting that only a percentage had plate armor.  All of the infantry had at least mail, but his archers and sappers had only laminated leather.
"Armor is only as good as the person wearing it, Lord General."  Calymatus turned his horse toward Ares.  "Their men may be protected, but they have not had the training and leadership that our men have."
Ares nodded and smiled toward him.  "Very true, general."  He heard the horns of the Draco again and he saluted Calymatus, "Positions."
Ares guided his steed down the hill and he raced to the right flank.  An attendant was waiting for him.  He connected an alloy cable to his horse.  Another young man handed Ares a belt with another long sword in a scabbard.  Ares fastened it so it hung on the opposite side of his usual sword.  As the men gathered about him, he raised the telescanner again.  Fluttering in the breeze, he saw differently colored banners across the ranks, each with a stylized dragon upon it.  An odd thought entered his mind, but Ares was shaken from it when the battalion leaders' horns sounded by him.
"Minimum arrow range, Lord General," Ares' brigadier, Nike, said.
Ares nodded and motioned toward her, "Nike, I want you to stay with me until I move in to harry them."
"Yes, Lord General."
He looked around at the men gearing his horse.  "Nike, do you have it?"
She smiled and lifted an automatic machine gun from her lap.  "Yes, Lord General, I do."
Ares looked at it for a moment and then said.  "When I come back, I'm going to want it."  Nike saluted but her face betrayed some disappointment.
Ares began to slowly trot alongside the right flank, catching sight of Artemis pacing by the archers.  Nike came up to his side.  "Longbows, shower them.  Three strokes.  Arrow towers, open up."
Nike nodded and darted away to the front of the archers' lines.  "Longbows!  Fire!  Three strokes!  Towers, fire!"  Hundreds of strong-armed men pulled back on their strings, releasing arrows into the sky.  They fired one after the other; as soon as one was away, they loaded and fired the next.  Each archer had fired their three arrows before the first landed.  Ares watched the marching Draco through his telescanner and saw the men hold their shields up.  As expected, a few dozen men fell to arrows, but most of them continued on.  The wooden structures ahead of the pike wall and phalanx lines began to fire direct shots into the coming crowd.  Their hits seemed to be more successful.
"Nike," Ares said, "three more strokes."  She conveyed the order and the men fired again.  "Phalanx, form the wall."
Nike nodded and rode toward the front line, barking the orders.  The heavily armored men up front closed ranks and pulled their tall shields in front of themselves, linking them with the person at their sides.  Thousands of Ares' men had formed a nigh impenetrable box.  The lighter-armored Hoplites behind ducked low with their circular shields ready to hold aloft, in case of arrows.
"Lord General, they're in minimal ballista range," Nike said as she trotted back to his side, somewhat out of breath.
"Stand by on the ballista.  Longbows, three more."
She conveyed the orders and he watched through his telescanner.  More men fell, but a small percentage compared to the thousands of arrows that had flown.  He studied the movement of the opposing forces and saw that they were off balance.  The infantry on Ares' right was ahead of the left.  There was a gap between the archers on the right and the foot soldiers up front.
He grinned and placed the telescanner back in his pouch on the saddle.  He waved to Nike and called her over, "Three more showering strokes from the longbows and tell them to standby for precise targeting."
"Recurves, also?"
"Only if they're in range."  There were far fewer recurve archers than longbows for the simple reason that making the more precise recurve bow took longer than the single-piece longbow.  Ares began a slow trot to the front of the lines around the edge of the pike wall.  When he heard the first twang of the longbowmen's arrows, he clapped his feet against the horse and began a steady canter.  He was now in front of his lines and he could see the confusion in Prometheus' men ahead of him.  
In order to successfully harry these troops, Ares knew he had to use his Chara.  He began to think of the most violent thoughts possible.  Ripping Cylons apart, as he had on Larsa, here, millennia ago.  The desire to do the same to Prometheus.  He felt the rage surge through him and he grunted louder and louder.  When the first of the longbowmen's arrows fell, he yelled and clapped his feet again.  Now, Ares and his horse were in a full gallop toward the right flank.  Behind him, the cable grew more taut as he bounded across the grass.  He wasn't moving as fast as he would like, but that was to be expected when the horse was dragging a huge beam.
Prometheus' men seemed to have noticed their mistake.  They saw the gap – about twenty meters or more between themselves and the archers behind.  And they saw Ares coming at them, yelling, in a full charge.  He pulled the second long sword from its scabbard and held it out from his body.  His gold and bronze armor gleamed in the midday sun and his red crest flowed in the wind.  A cloud of dust erupted behind him, concealing the secret weapon.  
Just as the third set of arrows fell, Ares tore into the infantry.  Several were knocked away just by the horse.  Ares' swords took down several others.  He pushed his horse deeper into the line and faster.  The beam was now making contact with the Draco, shattering legs and spilling bodies in its wake.  As he neared the rear of the infantry on this side, he turned back toward the front, hoping to avoid the archers who were now running to close the gap.
A few fired and missed.  Ares was aiming back at his troops and he forged ahead, slashing with his long swords and bowling over far more with the beam.  Any soldier who remained untouched by Ares' weapons was instead filled with fear and dread, thanks to his Chara.  Dozens of infantrymen threw down their weapons and ran.  Many others simply collapsed into balls and wept.  Ares yelled and screamed bloody murder while he rode and slashed.  He had felled hundreds in just a minute.  He considered having another go at the lines but an arrow found its mark and pierced his armor right at his upper left arm.
He galloped back to the flank of his own troops, replacing one of his swords in its scabbard as he rode.  Once there, he found a beaming Nike.  "Well done, Lord General."
Ares nodded to the arrow protruding from his arm.  "Break that off, will you?"
"Of course," Nike ordered her horse to sidle up closer and she broke the shaft just above the armor plate.  The point had been stopped by his protective singlesuit undergarment, but it was uncomfortably pressing against his skin.  "Their left flank is in far better shape than the right.  We can … arrows!"
Without turning, Ares held his shield at a forty-five degree angle over the back of his head.  A couple dinged off harmlessly.  "You were saying?"
Nike held her shield to one side of her face and continued, "They're near the first pits and the pike wall is next."
"Let them come," Ares squinted and looked across the field.  "Arrows maintain fire."
Nike rode off to give instructions.  Ares pulled out his telescanner again and he watched the first few dozen men walk into the camouflaged pits.  Seeing what happened to their comrades, the Draco forces began to sidestep the gaping holes and pressed on toward the pike wall.
"Lord General," Nike said, riding back, "I recommend opening the pike wall and pushing ahead with the three divisions on our right, phalanxes, hoplites, archers, everything.  Once we're in the midst of them, they'll be ours."
Ares smiled.  Nike was young and beautiful, yet her tactical thinking always impressed him.  "And what of the Draco's left?"
"Catapults and ballista against their infantry.  By the time they've been weakened, our right divisions will be mopping up what you started and then we can pincer the lot of them."
"Do it.  Fire ballista and catapults on the left flanks.  Right divisions, archers open up.  Advance the phalanx and let the hoplites duck in low."  She nodded and prepared to turn when Ares caught her attention again, "Nike, my special weapon?"
She frowned and handed the automatic rifle to him before riding off.  Ares smiled and flicked off the safety.  Four spare magazines were stowed in the stock.  He studied it for a moment, wishing he had a few hundred more of those.  There were, however, only two on Olympus.  Only three handguns, too, for that matter.
Ares motioned to one of his attendants and pointed to the beam behind his horse.  "Take this off."  The young man nodded and quickly unhooked the cables.  
Ares turned his horse just in time to see another small cloud of arrows coming at him.  He lifted his shield and one point came through it, just a touch away from his face.  He peeked around the edge of the shield and watched as the phalanx moved forward through gaps in the pike wall and then reformed on the other side; all with surprising speed.  Their shields touched and they held their spears through small curves in each shield.  The hoplites followed behind.  Longbowmen continued to rain arrows on the ranks far ahead.  The recurve archers were picking targets and taking them out with single shots.  Arrows still flew from the towers along the wall.  Artemis was standing in front of the archers, her silver armor shining brightly.  Ares watched each large arrow she shot find its target.
He heard a deep thud and he turned in time to see a large metal and wooden block leave a ballista.  He raised his telescanner and watched as it crashed into the well-formed lines of the left flank.  Ares turned his scanner back to his front and he began searching for horsemen of any kind.  He saw none.  No sign of Prometheus whatsoever.  He could make out a second and third wave of infantry and archers, though.  Perhaps they would need Poseidon.  
He galloped ahead to be at the rear of the right flank.  The phalanx wall crashed through what was left of this side and the archers were falling back, attempting to regroup with the next wave.  On his left, the catapults and ballista were having great success driving the advancing foot soldiers to a halt.  The phalanx divisions over there were now moving forward.
Ares looked ahead to the Draco.  Why hadn't they used their catapults and ballista yet?  After a time, he thought it may simply be that there were so many soldiers to get onto the field, the artillery wasn't yet in range.  He spotted Nike and rode to her side.  "They're still advancing but we've surprised them."
She was out of breath and somewhat bloodied.  An arrow had caught her thigh but she said nothing of it.  "Yes, Lord General.  All divisions are pushing forward and the phalanx wall is intact."
"We need to move ahead faster.  I don't want to give their artillery time to set up."
Nike nodded and squinted as she studied the wooden constructs in the distance.  "We may be too late for that.  If they're comparable to ours, we might already be in range."
Ares nodded.  "Their first wave is lost.  Their second is beginning to get hit.  Break up the phalanx and have them advance.  Let the hoplites out to play.  Reform the wall if they must once they've fully engaged the second wave."
Nike nodded and rode off again, "Yes, Lord General."
Ares cantered behind his lines.  He watched the shield wall split apart and the men and women of those front lines run toward the next set of infantry and archers.  Ares smiled as he heard the phalanx yell and he saw the Draco infantry cower before them.  The phalanx units plunged deep into the infantry doing serious damage.  The hoplites moved between them and, with their long swords and spears, they quickly darted about slashing and stabbing.  Many of them fell, as Ares suspected, but once they finished a sortie, they fell back behind the phalanx who then reformed the wall.  Again, they marched forward into what was left of the infantry and the archers.
On his left, Ares saw that the phalanx wall and the archers had made quick but dirty work of that side's first wave.  Ballista and catapults were being moved forward, preparing for their next firing.  Ares began to ride more quickly behind the lines, intending to catch up with the forces on the left flank when he heard the now familiar deep thud and twang of heavy artillery fire.  Ares was just looking at his artillery units and he knew they were moving, so it couldn't have been them.  He looked over the forces in front of him and saw large wooden arms flinging about hundreds of meters away.  The Draco artillery was now firing.  
Ares watched a dark object arc through the air.  He knew it was going to land in the midst of his men but there was little he could do about it.  He yelled, "Incoming!"  Then he noticed a faint trail of smoke from the object.  Could it be oil?  Ares avoided using flammable oils in his artillery.  Splashing gallons of fire onto infantry, even enemy infantry, was uncivilized, Ares thought.  He was surprised that Prometheus would use it.
When it landed, an explosion rocked the battlefield, sending up smoke, dirt, and body parts.  Dozens of Ares' soldiers were killed and tossed about instantly.  And then another object landed in the left flank.  More devastation.  One object exploded midair, before it could hit the ground.  No matter; the force threw chunks of metal and debris into the troops below, doing a great deal of damage.
Ares' mouth fell open.  He was stunned.  "Black powder?" he said aloud.  He pushed his horse into the fray and he unwittingly trampled over many wounded soldiers.  "Fall back!" he yelled.  "Fall back!"
All divisions of Ares' forces were now being rocked by detonating shot flung by Draco artillery.  One group of phalanx tried to hold their shield wall intact, but a shell landed directly in front of them, destroying the wall and killing more than half of that company with splinters from their own shields.  Other shells fell to the ground and cracked open on impact, sloshing liquid fire onto dozens.  The enemy was using oil, too.
Ares rode into the smoke.  Another shell exploded prematurely overhead showering him with hot metal.  "Fall back!" he yelled again.  He turned his horse to face away from the Draco and yelled at his forces again.  "Fall back!"  
Ares rode toward his only remaining phalanx unit on this side of the field.  They were fully engaged in swordplay with the Draco infantry and couldn't flee easily.  He stormed his horse up behind them and lifted his rifle.  With quick presses of the trigger, four and five bullets left the barrel at a time and tore into Prometheus' soldiers.  Over the yelling and explosions, Ares could barely make out the dull thunking sound of bullets as they lit into the opponents' armor.  After several men fell, Ares' weapon was empty and he ejected the cartridge.  The Draco infantry was falling back themselves and he yelled at the phalanx next to him.  "Move behind the pike wall!  Go!"  They dissolved their formation and ran toward the emplacements.
Ares pulled the slide on his weapon and a new clip was ready to go.  The Draco foot soldiers were falling back but the artillery still fired.  Soil erupted around him in black sprays and he rode through them to take aim again.  Some shots landed far behind Ares and began to knock down portions of the pike wall and the arrow towers.  Ares locked onto the catapult units themselves.  He fired steadily at the men nearly a hundred meters away.  In the smoke, he saw traces of light whip through the air and catch the wooden frame of the nearest catapult.  One man fell from the side.  Then another.  His weapon became empty and he ejected the cartridge.  
He kicked at his horse and they rode to the right as arrows began to fly around him.  The Draco were getting closer and he raised the rifle again.  Another artillery shot landed on the ground and exploded twenty meters to his left.  He aimed at the next catapult and began to fire.  Three men fell from that unit before his weapon emptied.  An arrow dinged off his helmet and one hit his horse.  It grunted and bucked though it wasn't injured.  More black powder devices landed and exploded all around.  Ares ejected the cartridge and decided to fall back and reload.
When he turned and started to ride, one of Prometheus' bombs landed directly in front of him.
The explosion killed his horse instantly.  Ares was thrown back several meters and he landed atop a pile of dead and dying soldiers.  His head and ears rang loudly.  He tried to roll off of the bodies, but his armor and wounds prevented that.
"Lord General!" Nike yelled.  She leapt from her horse and pulled him away.  Another shell exploded a few meters to their side, knocking Nike's shield from her arm.  Ares realized his helmet was gone and he felt wetness running down his side and toward his legs.
"I've been hit," he said, softly, and he slumped. 
Somehow, Nike lifted the huge Olympian and pulled him away from the explosions.  Dirt and debris showered them both.  Nike spat out the dust she accidentally ate and she groaned, pulling the hulking god back to her steed.  A bomb exploded nearby, startling the horse and it ran several meters away.  Nike shook her head and lugged Ares again.  She grabbed her horse once more and managed to toss Ares' arms and upper body onto its back.  Nike led the horse away from the front, dragging the Lord General with it.  They walked quickly for several minutes, Ares occasionally slumping from the side of the horse and Nike having to raise him again.  They finally made it back behind the pike wall, though the Draco artillery was still firing their bombs and the Draco infantry and archers were still closing.
"My Lord," she said.  "Lord General!"  She yelled and pulled at his face.  
He blinked rapidly and looked around in a daze.  "Yes?"
Nike looked to the fighting again and saw that only about a third of their forces had managed to retreat.  "Lord General, you must call in Poseidon and Hermes."
Ares swallowed hard.  The horse was still pulling him, but he planted one foot firmly in the grass.  Nike stopped the horse and Ares stood up.  Nike reached under his arms and unfastened his armor, allowing the breastplate to fall to the ground.  She peeled aside the ripped synthetic undershirt and studied the seeping wound. 
"I'll send for the medics."
Ares nodded.  He leaned against the horse again and watched her run toward a field tent.  He sighed deeply and pressed his finger against his ear.  Thankfully, the earpiece was still there.  He would call for Poseidon and Hermes.  Hell, at this point, with explosive shells falling all around, he would call in everyone.
LX
KALADEN
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

"May the one, true god be praised!" Kaladen said loudly.  He turned the wheel on his catapult back to the starting position as one of his fellow sappers loaded the next charge into the basket.  
"Was that Ares?" a sapper asked.  "Did Ares fall?"
Kaladen smiled, "Yes, he did.  And it was from our shot!"  He pulled on the wheel again, waiting for the click that signified it as being ready.  "Reposition to the right.  Five degrees."
Two men on the front end of the device turned the whole structure a little.  "Set."
"Shell is loaded," another said.
Kaladen surveyed the field ahead.  The heathen soldiers were in disarray and many had already fallen.  The heavily armored phalanxes were pulling back slowly, though the archers were in a running retreat.  Artemis, though … he saw her standing in the middle of the chaos completely unfazed by anything.  She was whipping arrow after arrow from her quiver and sending it into the Draco lines.
"Let's see if we can kill another one of their gods," Kaladen said.  "Light it."  He looked behind him and watched as a torch was brought to the tar-covered rope winding about the outside of the sphere.  Once he saw the flame take hold, he stepped back, holding the rope trigger.  "Fire!"  
With a quick jerk, the basket lifted up and tossed the smoldering shot into the air.  Two hundred meters away, he saw it land very near Artemis, where it exploded.  Kaladen and his sappers cheered as the smoke engulfed her form.  Moments later, a breeze came and blew the cloud away from her and Kaladen saw an arrow leaving her bow aimed right at him.
He froze.  A moment later, a white and golden dart tore through the meat where his shoulder met his neck.  He toppled onto the ground and he clasped the wound, looking around for help.  
"You've been shot by a god!" his companion said.  "That will make a nice poem when we get home."
Kaladen smiled nervously, taking the wad of cloth he was offered and cramming into the top of his mail hauberk.  He sat up and again saw Artemis firing into their lines while walking backwards.  The bulk of the Olympian forces had retreated beyond the range of their artillery, so Kaladen stood up and pointed at the wheel stakes.  "Lift those and roll forward."
The men obeyed and he watched the third and fourth waves of Draco fighters move into the field of battle.  Since the enemy had ceded so much ground, most of their forces would be able to flood the field and prevent a push into the south.  Cavalry units swept from the rear and cleared the rest of the phalanxes and hoplites out.  They reached the Olympian pike wall and turned back.  Artemis ran toward the bulk of her forces several hundred meters away.  
"Ready to roll," one of the sappers said.
Kaladen walked to the rear of the catapult and he leaned against the frame.  "Push," he said.  The construct began to roll slowly. He winced as his shoulder hurt him again and he thought of a poem to write.  That's what he did before he was ordered into the military.  He would be happy to get back to writing once this fighting was done.
"It's the messenger!" one of his sappers said.  Kaladen turned and watched as Prometheus and General Apsyrtus galloped by to link up with the other cavalry.  "Maybe they're going to verify that Ares is dead."
"Perhaps," Kaladen said.  "Our forces are pushing ahead and it seems like we'll overtake what's left in a few minutes."
The catapult rumbled forward and the cavalry swept across the front of the ranks.  The lines of the third and fourth waves reformed and they began to march forward.  Olympian arrows took to the sky again and fell mostly harmlessly among the Draco foot soldiers.  Kaladen climbed up onto a spotting platform and guessed at the distance to the enemy lines.
"Stake us here."  He stepped down and cranked the wheel as best he could with one arm.  He stopped after a few turns and motioned to another sapper.  "Can you do this for me?"
"Yes, sir," he said and he cranked the wheel as far as it would go.  Once it clicked, a cart was brought forward and another shot was loaded.
He was about to ask for the torch when he heard an explosion.  He turned in time to see that the other catapults were already in place and firing on the Olympians.  "We're moving too slowly.  We have to pick up the pace."  He lit the fuse and stepped back.  "Fire!"  The sapper pulled the rope trigger and the shell arced across their lines and landed just in front of the pike wall, destroying a large section of it.
"Excellent.  Same position and reload."  Kaladen paced for a moment as he waited for the wheel to be cranked into place.  He started to compose his poem in his head, trying to imagine where to start.  The sound of distant horns distracted him.
To the east, about two kilometers away, he saw glistening armor and fluttering banners.  A mass of fresh Olympians were on their way.  Then, to the west in the foothills, galloping horses rumbled the ground.  Their horns sounded and Kaladen stepped off the spotting platform.  "How many horses do they have?"
The other sappers began to back away from their catapult.  "Thousands!"
Kaladen shook off the confusion.  "Unstake and rotate.  Short range!"
The sappers complied and moved quickly.  The man on the wheel only clicked it part of the way and another shot was brought forward with an explosive shell.  It was about to be loaded into the basket, when soldiers nearby began to yell, "Fire arrows!"
As the horsemen rode down the hills, many were shooting lit arrows around the catapults.  It took only a second for Kaladen to realize why.  "Abandon the catapult!"
The sappers leapt off the unit and ran toward the marching waves of soldiers.  The flaming arrows fell all around and Kaladen watched as one landed in the huge, horse-drawn cart that carried more than a dozen shells.  He collapsed on the ground and got as flat as possible.  He heard the hiss as fuse after fuse became lit.  
And then he heard nothing.  He felt weightless.  And then he felt a sharp pain in his leg.
The explosion had erupted the ground beneath him and knocked Kaladen almost fifteen meters away.  His right leg was bent at the knee, but at a disgustingly wrong angle.  He writhed on the field for a few moments, trying to sit up and see his leg.  Pikemen and infantry were running around him to get to the incoming cavalry.  They set up a makeshift wall with their pikes aimed outward, but the mass of horses simply ran around each side, trampling anything in their path and still launching fire arrows at the munitions.
A field doctor ran up to Kaladen.  "Lay flat!"  Kaladen complied and the doctor looked around him.  He took a sword from a nearby soldier's body and hacked at his broken leg.  Kaladen screamed and clawed toward his bleeding limb.
"It was hanging on by a thread," the doctor said.  Kaladen began to feel light headed.  The doctor wrapped a leather belt on his thigh and tied it tightly.  "This has to stay on or you will bleed to death."
The pain was unbearable.  Somehow, he managed to nod and study the action around him.  Not only were Poseidon and his horsemen running amok in the rear of their lines, but Ares, Artemis, and Apollo were each on horseback, too.  
Ares!  Kaladen could swear he saw him fall.  The twins were firing arrows at the Draco cavalry and pushing into the waves of archers.  In the east, the fresh Olympian soldiers were now engaged.  And, in the sky above, there came a great whooshing sound as a golden eagle spread its wings and descended upon the battlefield.
Kaladen thought he was imagining it, but he saw Jupiter, Lord Zeus, standing on the wings of this eagle, while wearing golden armor and holding aloft a bolt of lightning.
LXI
THE OLYMPIANS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

Zeus stretched his arms wide and the armor plates on his chest pulled at his undershirt.  When he put his arms by his side, the plates clicked together again.  His right hand grasped the sword, still in its scabbard.
"We're there," Helios said.
Zeus stepped toward the hatch and opened it.  The wings of Aetos were spread wide.  Zeus picked up his shield with his special staff magnetically attached and he stepped out of the craft.  His boots clanked on the golden wings of the shuttle and he looked at the battle below.
Smoke rose from emerald green grass.  Gleaming armor merged with dark soil and darker blood in craters.  Ares' soldiers lay about the field, missing limbs.  Arrows dotted the shields of those still standing.  To the south, Zeus looked and he saw tens of thousands of men clad in armor and red cloth.  Their banners bore dragons and their faces wore rage.  
The Aetos hovered lower still and a few arrows whispered past.  Zeus pulled his sword, leapt from the wing and landed on the ground meters below.  His armor crunched and slowly he stood.  The enemy crowded around and he lunged at the first few who foolishly dared to challenge him.  His glinting steel sword tore through their armor like paper and their blood sprayed into the air.  More came toward him and he threw his blade into the chest of a large berserker.  As that warrior fell, Zeus pulled his staff from his shield and jabbed it toward three swordsmen.  Electricity arced from its tip and shook them into unconsciousness.  While it recharged, Zeus spun it and used the sharp, lightning bolt end as a dagger, stabbing it into the faces and legs of all who came toward him.  His flaming Chara caused many of the enemy to waver and heave.  Several kept coming and Zeus pulled his sword from the chest of the dead man, swiping it across those who came near enough.

The army of the Draco was in disarray.  To the rear, Poseidon's cavalry were eliminating the catapults and their deadly explosives.  To the east, Hermes' troops marched in and compressed on the left flank.  Apollo and Artemis harried the chaos near the center.  Two dartships left Ares' command tent at the rear of the forces, soared over the lines and descended upon the field near the forward ranks to disgorge Hephaestus and Athena.  Now the remnants of Prometheus' army were concentrated at the center of the field.  All sides were pushing in.

Ares looked through the scanner and watched the shining form of Lord Zeus smash soldier after soldier.  He swept to the right and advanced the focus.  His uncle, Lord Poseidon, was riding his steed with fury, trampling Draco as he moved.  Distant pops and thuds made Ares lower the device.  He saw a large explosion flash with flame and divest billows of smoke before the sound even reached his ears.  Only a couple of the enemy catapults seemed to still be functioning and the cavalry was making their way to them.  One shot of flaming oil detonated over the Olympians' flank, showering men with pain, causing them to erupt with screams.  Another smoking boulder moved through the air toward the command tents.
Ares looked inside and shouted, "Incoming!  Clear out!"  Soldiers darted from under the canvas coverings but the bomb arrived too soon.  Upon impact with the ground, it exploded.  The tan and red fabric bulged outward and blew away.  Wooden supports shattered and fell.  People were tossed aside and the tables they studied were destroyed.  The force knocked Ares himself down and onto his sword.  His second horse of the day spooked and took off.

Hephaestus moved into the battle carrying a sword and a giant hammer.  Zeus thought the choice was a bit odd, but the engineer said it would instill confusion and fear.  Zeus couldn't argue with that.  A few steps into the fray, Hephaestus swung the sword and took a man off his horse.  The hammer connected with the helmet of an archer.  He ducked low and swung his sword again, disemboweling an infantryman.  A pikeman ran forward stabbing at Hephaestus' calf, catching him off guard.  The god yelled in pain, but stood up and swung his hammer into the face of the opponent, knocking blood and teeth across the grass.

Apollo and Artemis rode at each other's side.  They knocked down archers with their horses and took down pikemen and cavalry with their arrows.  Apollo rode off at one point and bent low to grab the quiver off a fallen Draco archer.  Artemis spotted a man on horseback who bore a black crest on his helmet.  "I think I see Prometheus!"
"Move!" Apollo yelled.  
The two raced across an array of dead and wounded troops toward the clutch of cavalry.  Artemis stopped short and drew her bow, firing her last white and gold arrow at the head of that man.  As he fell from his horse, the arrow deep in his skull, the surrounding cavalry scattered and Apollo leapt from his steed.  He ran to the body and found him to be only a general.
"It's not him!" he yelled.
"Frak!" Artemis screamed.  "Where is he?"

Hermes ran with his group of hoplites and archers on the east.  They had managed to only fight a few companies that became disconnected from the bulk of the Draco fighting force, but they continued to run.  For twenty minutes, they ran.  From the cover of the trees two kilometers behind, they watched the battle get underway and awaited Ares' signal.  Once the explosions rocked the field, Hermes knew it wouldn't be long.  
So they ran.  He and his men both were exhausted by the time they were near the battle, but just the sight of twenty-five thousand fresh troops with their shiny armor and fluttering banners seemed to be enough to keep the waves of Prometheus' fighters at bay.  Now, they were about to be fully engaged.  Poseidon's thirty-thousand horses on the south pushed them north.  Ares and his remaining forces were pushing them back to the south.  According to Nike's plan, Hermes was supposed to be the gatekeeper.  He would push them south and to the west.  The fighting was fierce, but luckily the sight of the gods kept most of the Draco off balance.

Athena was wearing armor.  When she put it on yesterday, just to try it out, she felt silly.  She shook her head and tossed it off.  She flew south with Zeus and the other Lords to camp north of Ares' lines in the Elysian Fields.  When Ares' call for help came, she answered.  She put on that armor and the helmet and she didn't feel silly any longer.  She felt determined.
While Hephaestus, Zeus, and the others ran toward the enemy, Athena looked at the dirty, bloody, and frightened faces of Ares' men and women.  They were huddled in craters and against shattered wooden walls.  She didn't draw her sword.  Instead, she moved among the soldiers.
Athena walked from the right flank toward the left.  Phalanxes and hoplites were still cowering in fear from Prometheus' explosive artillery.  She touched warriors on their shoulders as she passed.  She yelled, "You can do this!  Stand up!  Reform your lines!"  Many complied but she still saw their fear.  She didn't become angry; she smiled.
"The Lords of Kobol are among you to fight!  Join us!"  She held her arms high and some of the troops returned the gesture enthusiastically.  The others got to their feet and began to fall into formation.

Ares clutched his side and rode back to the rear to meet Nike.  She saw him in pain and she looked on with concern.  "Are you going to be well, Lord General?"
Ares nodded.  "If I hadn't fallen on that sword, my undershirt would have kept me safe."  He looked to the battle and inhaled deeply.  "Status."
Nike sidled up next to him.  "The Draco are trapped in the center.  We have twenty thousand soldiers pushing them back toward Lord Poseidon with ten thousand behind the pike wall.  Goddess Athena is rallying them.  They should be ready to charge soon.  Lord Hermes' forces have joined ours and he is now in position."
"What of your plan?"
Nike nodded, "Yes, we are ready.  You need only give the word to Lords Helios, Coronis, and Dionysus."
Now, Ares sighed.  "Not yet.  We have to wait."
Nike shook her head and raised an eyebrow, "For what, Lord General?"
"My father."

Zeus tore through line after line of swords.  He would discharge electricity from his staff and while it recharged, he would hack and slash with his sword.  Archers fired at him; a few managed to land arrows into his shield, but nothing more.  The Charas of half a dozen angry gods were having its toll on the morale of their enemies.
But where was Prometheus?
Zeus pushed ahead.  After just three hours of battle, nearly two hundred thousand Kobollians were dead.  Just in the last half hour, most of the dead were Prometheus' men.  Zeus stepped over and onto the bodies of both Draco and Olympic forces.  He lost his footing more than a couple of times as he became tangled in limbs or sank into a pit made muddy by running blood.  Smoldering craters still dotted the field from Prometheus' devious black powder bombs.  Patches of grass were still aflame with oil.  About one hundred twenty thousand Draco forces had gathered in the center.  They formed shield walls and pike lines in a circle with the cavalry protected in the middle.  Zeus believed that's where Prometheus was.  
In the last few minutes, Zeus knew the Draco would feel trapped.  Their only real option seemed to be to move west toward the foothills and the mountains beyond.  A few stray companies still ventured away from the center and Zeus took them on.  He had to keep them corralled for a while longer.  For the first time in months, he felt awake again.  He had been in a daze since the deaths of Leto and Hades.  Now, covered in dirt and blood, Zeus smiled as he raged against his foes.

Poseidon rode his horse hard.  He bred it well, but he was beginning to grow fatigued.  Granted, it had been a long day and he was not accustomed to the heavy armor and gear it carried.  "Come on, Pegasus.  Just a while longer."
The company of horses to his left trampled another section of archers who tried to make a run for it.  They didn't surrender outright, however, so they were mowed down.  Poseidon pulled away from the division he rode with now and moved to the west, toward his left flank.  He knew a few divisions on that side would have to break off to engage Nike's plan, so he wanted to be near them when that time came.
In his hand, he rolled the shaft of the trident over and over.  It was bronze and copper, with ridiculously ornate points.  A gift from his men who remembered their history and how he used such a weapon to scare two warring tribes into a peace.  He didn't really want to lug that thing around, but he did so to please his soldiers.
"Lord Poseidon," one of his brigadiers said, "has there been any word on Lord Ares' command staff?"
"Explain."
He seemed embarrassed and lowered his head.  "My brother is a general in the infantry and I was hoping there had been some sort of word as to who may have survived the explosion at the command tent."
Poseidon knew that feeling.  That sense of loss.  For this human, though, there was a chance his brother would still be alive.  Not so for Hades.  "No, brigadier.  It's too soon."
"Yes, Lord.  Thank you, Lord."  He rode off.
As Poseidon continued to canter to the left flank, he thought about Hades.  He remembered his laugh and his seemingly lackadaisical approach to life.  Many times, Poseidon berated him for not having more direction or for not doing more with his talents.  Certainly, he relented once the war began on Larsa, but entire decades of their relationship were wasted on Poseidon telling Hades what he thought was best.
Poseidon could only sigh now and try to swallow past a sudden catch in his throat.

"Go," came the command from Ares.
"Acknowledged," Helios replied.  He steered the Aetos away from the battlefield and west to the foothills.  He saw the two dartships, piloted by Dionysus and Coronis, moving into position, too.  Helios landed the large craft and opened a channel to the other vessels.  "On my mark, we move forward, altitude no more than two meters.  Speed no more than five kph."
"Understood," both replied.
His sister.  That's why he was here.  He wasn't a fan of Zeus' plans, that's for certain.  Aurora lost the man she loved more than anything in the world.  He saw the pain in her eyes every day.  He knew she would never be the same.
"Mark."  Helios pressed the datastream pad harder and the Aetos lifted off, but only slightly.  In formation, the three airships hugged the tall grass of the field and moved toward the clutch of Draco.  A moment later, the golden wings of the eagle unfolded again from the undercarriage, splaying across a wide area.  He pushed them farther apart so they would split into twelve separate, gleaming points.
Helios knew it would take time to reach those forces, but he figured they would take the hint before long.

"Surrender," Ares whispered.  The aircraft had been flying low for several minutes.  Poseidon's backup cavalry units filled in the gaps.  The Draco surely realized by now that there would be no escape to the west.  They could only surrender, or …
"Lord General!" Nike yelled.  "They're breaking formation!"
The shield walls came down.  Heavily armored and lightly armored Draco infantry alike spilled from the center as archers opened fire.  Zeus and Hephaestus were in the thick of it, shielding themselves from arrows and fending off the infantry.
"Come with me," Ares said.  
He and Nike both rode hard between their forces.  Athena and the wounded remnants of Ares' army pushed toward the center and Poseidon's cavalry stopped their still blockade.  Now there was pushing on all sides.
Ares clutched his spear tightly.  His wounds prevented him from any serious fighting, but he wanted to have a spear just in case he saw Prometheus.  Nike yelled at him, "The aircraft are getting closer!  Hermes should be ready to swing open the gate!"
Ares looked to the west, seeing that the Aetos and the dartships were almost on top of the Draco.  He touched his ear and yelled above the galloping of his horse, "Hermes, are you ready?"
He responded but Ares couldn't hear him.  He whipped his horse behind Zeus, who was now baiting the Draco forces to come closer.  Archers tried to fire, but they missed.  Apollo and Artemis were now on foot near their father and unleashing on the soldiers.  They targeted more and more cavalry until there was no one left on horseback.  Hephaestus, Zeus, Apollo and Artemis marched toward the center on foot, just ahead of Ares' divisions.  Ares paced back and forth behind the four, riding his horse to and fro, while Athena encouraged the troops.
Zeus and the others moved deeper into the Draco lines.  The infantrymen were fighting hard and falling hard to the blades and arrows of the gods.  Any that made it through or around them fell to Ares' men behind.
The Lord General squinted through the afternoon haze at the clutch of armored soldiers standing behind the archers.  They were huddled around horses, but thanks to Artemis and Apollo, none of them would dare sit on top of one.  Ares rode closer and he spotted one man who stood a full head taller than the others.
"There!" he yelled.  He raised his spear and rode forward.  "Prometheus!"
Zeus, Apollo, and Artemis broke out into a sprint after Ares.  Hephaestus fell behind, thanks to his leg wound, but all of Ares' forces ran ahead, too.  With gods at the front and thirty thousand men following, the infantry and archers on the outer circle of the Draco's position gave way quickly. 
Ares yelled again as he was in range, "Prometheus!"
The former Olympian heard him and was afraid.
As Prometheus scrambled onto his horse, Ares raised his weapon.  Prometheus tried to turn his steed around in the mass of people and Ares released his spear.  After sailing for some time, the point drove through Prometheus' leg and into the horse.  The horse collapsed onto a group of infantry, taking Prometheus with it.
Draco fighters scattered away when Ares rode up beside him.  He leapt from his steed and removed the spear from Prometheus' leg.  He yelped in pain and Ares bent down to grab the shoulder of his armor.  He pulled him off the dying horse and tried to hold him high.  "We've got him!"
Apollo immediately fired an arrow, piercing the armor on his left arm.  He screamed in pain again and Artemis loaded an arrow herself and pulled back on the string.
"Wait!" Zeus yelled.  He ran up between the twins, both of whom had arrows ready to fly.  
Zeus said nothing as he approached Prometheus.  He stood before him; studying him.  Ares continued to hold him up and wobbled under the strain.  The Aetos and the two dartships were only a few moments away.  All of the Draco's fighters were fleeing to the east.
Prometheus stopped struggling and he simply hung there and breathed deeply.  Ares lowered him somewhat so he could stand on the ground, but he didn't fight.  He looked from Zeus to Apollo to Artemis and back to Zeus again.  Silently, they stood, waiting.  No one said a word.  Athena approached slowly from behind and watched.  The dartships and the Aetos quietly hovered by them, pushing the remnants of the Draco to the east.  Poseidon's cavalry rode by, as well.  The Horse Lord galloped up to the group and dismounted in a rush.  He stepped behind Zeus and looked at everyone with anticipation.
"Is anyone going to speak?" Poseidon asked.
Silence persisted for a moment longer.  Artemis broke it by hissing, "Kill him, father!"
"I wish to say something," Prometheus said.
"No," Zeus responded.  He looked at Ares and tapped his ear.
Ares nodded and activated the communication device.  "Hermes, open the gate."
Zeus reached over and grabbed Prometheus' hair, pulling him away from Ares and essentially dragging him across the field.  He protested and tried to walk and keep up, but his wounded leg prevented it.  
"Zeus," he began, "I've come to bring the Great One's wrath …"
"Shut up!" Apollo yelled.
"… you have inflated yourselves and been overtaken by pride …"
"I will frakking kill you!" Poseidon growled.
"My people are chosen by the Great One to rule and spread the word …"
"Watch, Prometheus," Ares said.
Prometheus didn't heed him.  Instead, he kept speaking.  "I've brought death and war to you to show you the error of your ways."  Zeus stopped walking and looked him square in the face.  "You are not gods.  You are not immortal.  You will fall."
Artemis walked around to the front of Zeus and Prometheus.  Swiftly, she reached at Prometheus' mouth, grabbing at his tongue.  He tried to shake his head free, but Artemis used the butt of a small dagger and pressed it into his cheek, pulling open his jaw.  When his tongue became visible, her hand whipped the blade around and cut a portion of it out.  He screamed, spat blood, and saw it flow onto the grass.
"Now, perhaps you will watch and shut up," Zeus said.  He motioned toward the Draco as they retreated toward the east.  Prometheus looked and saw the rear of the three Olympian aircraft.  The cavalry began to push closer to the group and fold in behind them.  Hermes' men on the far side began to pull back.
"Wha …" Prometheus tried to say.
"You see, on the eastern side of this battlefield, there is a sheer cliff that leads into the sea."  Prometheus became startled and he tried to stand up higher so he could look.  Zeus continued, "Hermes' flank is now pulling back so everyone else can push your … 'chosen people' into the ocean below."
"No."  Prometheus' shook his head, slinging strands of blood in every direction.   
Zeus again yanked him up by the hair.  "Watch, you frakking bastard.  Watch the people you love fall off a cliff and die!"
Nearly half a kilometer away, screams could be heard as the first of the Draco realized what was happening.  The cavalry began to push harder and faster.  The Aetos lifted higher into the air, roaring its engines and frightening the men at the rear.  They pushed ahead as a group, forcing the first to fall over the side.  It was a deadly gauntlet: phalanxes jabbed and stabbed at passing soldiers, archers fired their arrows into the mass, the horses pushed ever on.  Over the next hour, nearly one hundred thousand people would be pushed over the edge into the Bay of Pylon.
Prometheus seemed to be growing weak, so Zeus pulled his head away from the sight for a moment.  "Here we are."  Tears had welled in Prometheus' eyes and were streaming down his cheeks.  "You waged war against the Twelve Tribes.  You've brought death and destruction to our shores.  You … killed … my beloved.  And my brother."  Zeus stopped for a moment and tried to regulate his breathing.  Prometheus seemed to be trying to say something, but only blood bubbled from his mouth.  "For these acts, we will kill you.  And we won't stop there."
Zeus tossed Prometheus to Ares and he held him aloft again, but away from his body.  Zeus stepped back and pulled his longsword from its scabbard.  Prometheus protested unintelligibly, but Zeus lined up his swing.  He pulled back and with the first swipe, he cut open the front part of his throat, severing arteries, veins and his trachea.  
A second swipe severed the spine and separated his head from his body.
LXII
PROMETHEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

Prometheus sat up in the resurrection pod.  He slid the door open and looked across the bay.  Inside the Draco's cargo hold, there wasn't nearly as much space as there had been on the Olympus.  Much of it had been taken up by the download equipment.  He stepped out of the pod and grabbed a towel.  He coughed and sighed heavily.
He slowly walked out of the bay and down the corridor toward Anaxo's old quarters.  He stepped inside and sat down on the long-dead captain's bunk.  He looked at the ceiling and ran through everything that had happened in his head.
Prometheus saw people's faces again.  Ones on horseback, others in the archery ranks, others carrying shields and swords.  He knew they were all gone.  He closed his eyes and squeezed them tightly.  Why, Great One, has this happened?  He knew as soon as he asked.  He didn't listen to the messages God was sending.
The Great One had sent him the vision of Anaxo and he was a great comfort.  But at a crucial moment, Prometheus became blinded by … was it revenge?  Maybe pride?  Thinking he knew Zeus better, that he knew best?  Prometheus was a psychologist and sociologist, after all.  He certainly thought he knew the man.  But he was wrong.  He overreached.  Anaxo knew it, but, in the heat of that moment, Prometheus didn't.
He pulled himself up and stared at the pattern in the wall of Anaxo's quarters.  At first glance, it appeared to be simple geometric shapes.  But they were almost organic.  They seemed to be hand drawn.  
"Great One," Prometheus said aloud, "is there anything I can do now to stop the coming slaughter?  To stay Zeus' revenge?"  He stood up and entered the corridor again.  "If the Draco survive, then the word of the one, true god can survive."  But how could he convince Zeus to let the Draco live?
Prometheus walked out of the Draco and saw the dimming sunlight.  He knew, thousands of kilometers away, his forces were still being pushed off a cliff.  There was nothing he could do for them.  Was there anything he could do for any of the Draco?  Despair seemed to whirl inside Prometheus' head and he felt dizzy.  His skin tingled and he looked skyward again.  "Oh, Great One, I give myself up to you."
He paused.  Thinking for a moment, he lowered his arms and then began the walk to nearby Larak.  Perhaps that was what he needed to do after all.
LXIII
ZEUS
5,410 Years Before the Final Exodus

Night had fallen and the fields were still littered with the dead.  In a large tent, Ares, Zeus, and the other Lords gathered with many of the surviving leaders of the campaign.
"To Nike," Ares said, lifting his goblet, "without whom I would certainly have been killed and also without whom we would very likely still be fighting the enemy."
"Hear, hear," Apollo said.  
The brigadier lowered her head and smiled.  "Thank you, Lord General.  Thank you, everyone."
"I'd like to thank Dionysus for bringing his best wine for the victors," Helios said.  
There was some laughter and Dionysus spoke up, "Well, not being a fighting man, it seemed to be the least I could do."
Zeus absent-mindedly raised his cup and drank again.  He heard laughter and it shook him from his daze.  He put down the goblet and he exited the tent, surveying the battlefield in the bright moonlight.  Athena and Aphrodite were still moving among the wounded carrying lanterns.  Zeus walked closer so he could hear them.
"Good evening, soldier," Aphrodite said.
"My gods," the man said.  "At least I've lived long enough to see your beauty."
Aphrodite grinned and handed him a bowl filled with water.  "You're too sweet.  Drink up."  As he did, she checked his bandages.  "It looks like the bleeding has stopped.  I think you'll be fine."
"Thank you, goddess," he said, handing the bowl back to her.
She moved on to the next person and Zeus stepped near Athena.  She was sitting on the ground, her arm wrapped around the neck of a soldier as he told a story.
"… But they didn't stop.  They kept coming.  Lord Apollo, he fired and fired.  But they still came."
"I know," Athena held his head and looked sympathetically into his eyes.  "War … is never easy."  She paused as she tried to think.  "I wish I knew something better to say to you all."
"Oh, goddess," a nearby archer said.  "Just your being here is a comfort."
Zeus stepped backward and then he swiveled toward the tent.  Standing right behind him, he bumped into Ares.  "Father.  I wondered where you went."
Zeus seemed a little shaken.  "Sorry.  I didn't feel much like celebrating."
Ares put his hand on his father's shoulder.  "I understand."  Ares scanned the battlefield now, taking note of the many lanterns in the distance and the carts loading bodies for the pyres.  "As gratifying as victory can be, it doesn't bring back what we've lost."
Zeus' eyes glazed and his chin quivered.  "No.  No, it doesn't."  He hugged his son, tightly.  "Thank you for all you've done."
"You don't have to thank me, father," Ares said.  He held Zeus at a distance and looked into his eyes.  "And you never have to ask for my help.  I give it, freely."
"Zeus," Coronis said as she ran up to them, "you should come hear this."
Without waiting to see if they followed, she turned and ran into the crowds of wounded.  There, lying under the point of a spear, was an injured Draco commander.  Zeus and Ares walked quickly behind and they arrived in time to hear the man speak.
"Ah, I see that the Great One is giving me the opportunity to spit on the false idols before I leave this world."
Zeus looked at Ares and then back at the man.  "Spit, if you wish."
The commander smirked, "Can't.  No water."
Coronis knelt beside him, "Tell me again what you said a few moments ago."
"I said, 'The Messenger Prometheus and the wrath of the one, true god will wipe you heathens from this world.'"
"No," Coronis interrupted, almost angrily, "say it exactly like you did a minute ago."
The commander coughed and he shook his head.  "'The Messenger Prometheus and the wrath of the Great One will wipe you pretender gods and heathen followers from Larsa.'"
Zeus' mouth fell open and he turned to Ares.  His son spoke first, "Where did you hear that name?"
The Draco general laughed.  "What's the matter, 'god?'  You don't know everything?  You don't even know the name for this world?"
Coronis stood and walked back to Zeus.  "I knew you would want to hear that."
Zeus nodded and began to walk slowly toward the command tent.  He kept his eyes on the ground as he walked, thinking carefully the entire time.  Without looking to see if Ares was beside him, he began to address him.
"If Prometheus has told the Draco about Larsa's past, it could undo everything we're attempting here."
Ares nodded.  "Yes, father."
"Poseidon and his cavalry are pushing south to Sippar."  Zeus looked toward the south, not seeing them, of course.  "Once they've cleared all of the Draco from these lands, we'll begin rebuilding what's been destroyed in Sagittarius."  Ares nodded.  "But you, son.  I need you to gather however many of your men are able and I need you to cross the sea into Scythia."
Ares nodded slowly.  "Take the fight to the southern continent."
"Yes."  Zeus slapped his son's arm.  "Now, even more than before, it is evident that you must wipe them from this planet.  And I want you to find Prometheus and make sure he never awakens in a resurrection pod again."
Ares inhaled deeply and glanced across the battlefield.  "It will be done."
LXIV
KALADEN
5,409 Years Before the Final Exodus

"Land!" he shouted.  "I see land!"
The men paddled faster and faster.  A wave lifted them and carried them closer to the shore.  Kaladen dug into the surf with his oar and pushed ahead.  After several minutes, the keel ground against rock and most of the others bailed out of the boat, running for the trees. Kaladen stood on his good leg in the beach and used the oar to push himself out of the boat.  Running on sand was hard, but hopping through it on one leg was harder.
He scrambled across the shore and into the brush.  Before long, he was moving from tree to tree, leaning as he went.  He looked back to the ocean, and though he couldn't see ships, he saw dots near the horizon.  Kaladen knew those dots had to be them.
He ran into the trees, tripping on the occasional vine.  After several minutes, he entered a clearing and saw a road.  More and more former soldiers had made it to this point and they were walking, running, riding horses … following the road deeper into Draco territory.
Kaladen walked along the road, hoping he would find someone with a cart who could carry him back to Larak.  His arm hurt from the oar's blade digging into his side.  He looked for better sticks or staffs but none fit him as well as the oar. 
The sun began to set and there seemed to be no more traffic on the road.  Kaladen walked ahead, believing that over the next crest he would find a campsite to join.  When he reached that crest, he found nothing.  He kept walking.
It was completely dark.  Kaladen realized he would simply have to stop in a moment and try to sleep.  He looked to each side of the road, trying to spot a grove of close trees to provide shelter, when he heard footsteps on the road ahead.
Scraping in the dirt and gravel, Kaladen spotted a cloaked figure walking toward him slowly and carrying a lantern.  When the shape got nearer, he saw just how tall it was.  When it was still several meters away, he said, nervously, "Hello."
The figure pulled back his hood and offered a meek smile.  "Hello, soldier."
"Messenger Prometheus," Kaladen said as he tried to fall to his one knee.
Almost angrily, Prometheus grabbed his arms and stood him upright again.  "Stand up, man."  Prometheus brushed dirt off of Kaladen's shirt.  "I'm the one who should be kneeling to you."  And so he did.
Kaladen looked around, not knowing exactly what to do or say.  Prometheus stood and Kaladen saw that the messenger's face appeared tired.  "Messenger, what are you doing here?"
He said nothing.  After a moment, Prometheus looked toward Kaladen's missing leg.  "You were at the battle?"
"Yes, I was."  Kaladen adjusted his stance against the oar.  "I commanded a catapult detail."
Prometheus nodded, instantly guessing what must have happened.  "Thank you for your sacrifice."
"It was my honor to serve," he replied.  "Both you and the one, true god."
Prometheus' closed his eyes, as though in pain.  He opened them again and looked toward the north.  "Where have you come from?"
"After the battle, many of us managed to hide among the dead and flee at night."  Kaladen lowered his head as he told the tale.  "For … weeks we moved south.  We found boats, rafts, driftwood, whatever … we sailed south to Cythera.  I lived there for about a month among our hidden villages before Ares came.  We sailed to Rizinia.  Ares came again.  He moved across the island and then sailed here."
Prometheus nodded.  "Any idea of how many soldiers Ares brings with him?"
Kaladen shrugged, embarrassed that he didn't know.  "More than enough, I would say, messenger."
Prometheus sighed and he looked at Kaladen again.  "Tell me, what did you do before I took you to war?"
"I was a writer.  Poems and plays, mostly."
Prometheus smiled, placing a hand on his shoulder.  "Good.  Go back to your family.  Write again.  Hopefully, I can stop Ares where he is."
With that, the messenger left Kaladen's side and walked north into the darkness.
LXV
ARES
5,409 Years Before the Final Exodus

The God of War stepped onto the beaches of northern Scythia.  His forces arrived late yesterday and camps were already established.  He looked back across the sea and saw dozens of other ships queuing up to disembark their personnel and cargo.
"Lord General," Nike said.  "I think you need to come and see this."
Ares stretched his legs and squinted under the morning sun at her.  "What is it?"
Nike shook her head and smiled, "You really need to see it yourself."
Ares stood up and sighed.  "I haven't eaten yet today."
"Eating can wait, Lord General."
Ares nodded and followed Nike into the brush.  Under the tropical trees, he looked and saw beautiful flowers and colorful birds.  Ares pulled one blossom down and studied it.  It looked like a kind of orchid.  Purple with dark red spots and long, tapering petals.  It was beautiful and he smiled at it.  "Nike," he said.  He stepped ahead and stuck it in the top of her armor.
She smiled and pulled it out.  "Thank you, Lord General."  She sniffed it but didn't replace it.
"Oh, c'mon," Ares said, "Put it back."
"I'm not a very … flowery type of woman, Lord General."
"I know," Ares said.  "That's why I thought it was funny."
Ares stepped over a fallen tree trunk and entered a clearing.  He looked around, seeing the terminus of a dirt road and a clutch of phalanx guards.  Nike led him to the men who turned to face Ares.  "Lord General, may I present Prometheus."
Ares' eyes widened and the guards stepped aside to reveal Prometheus sitting on a small folding stool.  His wrists were bound, as were his ankles.  His eyes were cast down and he seemed sullen.  Very dour.
"Ares," he said.
Ares' face was now fully rigid.  He betrayed neither anger nor glee.  He motioned to Nike and she brought forward a stool similar to Prometheus'.  She opened it and sat it down about one meter in front of the prisoner.  Once Ares was seated, he waved to the nearby soldiers.  "Give us space."  They all moved away at least ten meters.
"I knew you would come," Prometheus said.
Ares leaned forward, resting an elbow on his knee.  "Did God tell you that?"
Prometheus finally looked up and made eye contact.  "No.  I just know Zeus … and you."  He looked back at the ground and shook his head.  "At least I thought I knew Zeus."
"What do you mean?"
"It doesn't matter now."  Prometheus straightened up and his face became more expressive, as though someone had flipped a switch in him.  "I've come to … bargain."
Ares scoffed.  "'Bargain?'  For what, your life?"
"No," Prometheus said.  "That's forfeit.  I accept that."
Ares pulled away from his knee and sat straight up.  "Very well.  Speak."
"Can I speak to Zeus?"
Ares grinned.  "Seriously?  Do you really think you should speak to Zeus?"
Prometheus shrugged, "If there's to be any kind of bargain, Zeus would be the one to agree to it, right?"
Ares nodded.  He pulled off his helmet and removed the small communications device from his ear.  He pressed a couple of buttons on the side and held it in his open palm.   There was a beep and then a voice.  "Yes?"
"Father," Ares said.  "I'm sitting here on the northern coast of Scythia with Prometheus."
There was a long pause.
When Zeus said nothing, Prometheus exhaled deeply and sank further into his stool.  Speaking softly, Prometheus said, "I've come to offer myself to you."
"Surrender?" Zeus asked.
"Yes."
"Unconditional?"
Prometheus hesitated.  "Not unconditional."
"Then we have nothing to discuss," Zeus said quickly.
"Wait," Prometheus yelled.  "I am offering you my life.  I will lead Ares to my resurrection facility and you can destroy me utterly."  There was another lengthy pause.  
"Why?" Zeus asked.
Prometheus swallowed and began to speak, "I have realized my mistakes.  My grave errors in judgment.  I do believe with all of my being that the godhood you've created for yourselves is blasphemous and dangerous.  I even still believe that my war upon you was just.  But I made mistakes."  He paused, "I should not have killed your brother."  Ares lowered his head while Prometheus continued, "I disobeyed the one, true god in that regard and I invited wrath, both his and yours."
After a moment, Zeus answered, "You're goddamned right."
Ares looked up again, "What are your conditions, Prometheus?"
"My people, the Draco."  Prometheus looked nervously toward the guards.  "I assume you and they are here to … eliminate the threat."  Neither Zeus nor Ares answered.  "Take me and my life.  I only ask that you leave my people alone."
Zeus said nothing.
Prometheus looked from the communications device to Ares and then back again.  After nearly a minute, Prometheus spoke, "Zeus?"
"No."
Prometheus' face fell as if he were stricken.  "Why?"
"You have to ask?"
"But there are millions of people here.  You can't kill them all!"
"I will," Zeus answered, "because you love them."  Prometheus closed his eyes tightly.  He slumped on his stool and tried to bury his face in his hands.  "You took two of the people I love most from me and I will take and take and take from you until I am satisfied that you have suffered enough."
"Never mind the fact," Ares began, "that we heard one of your generals call this planet, 'Larsa.'"
Prometheus' blinked quickly and shook his head, "No, that doesn't mean …"
"Ares," Zeus said, "kill him."
Prometheus inhaled deeply and spoke in a cracking voice, "May the Great One have mercy on you, Zeus."
Ares stood up and drew his sword.  He placed the gleaming blade under Prometheus' chin and the messenger simply looked up at him with wet yet stoic eyes.  Ares pushed forward until he felt the click of metal on bone and then he swept the sword to the left, spraying redness into the air.  Prometheus toppled to the ground and died.
He placed the device back in his ear.  "It's done, father."
"Good," Zeus said.  "Drive on and don't stop until they're all gone."
LXVI
PROMETHEUS
5,409 Years Before the Final Exodus

It's a short walk, relatively speaking, from the Draco to Larak.  If Prometheus had walked there immediately after his resurrection, it would have taken about twenty minutes.  Instead, he stayed in the Draco.  Lingering.  Meditating.
There was nothing left in the Draco lands that could hold back the tide of Ares' forces.  Every piece of weaponry and armor was used in the invasion.  There was nothing to turn aside Zeus' commands now.  
In his desperation, Prometheus panicked.  He paced from room to room on the Draco, still dripping with resurrection gel and later caked with it once it dried.  He wept.  He screamed.  He chattered to himself.
In his desperation, Prometheus found a simple, yet logical, solution.  Flee.
He walked along the dusty paths from the creek bed up into the windy plains west of Larak.  His robe was brown and gray.  Green streaked his legs from brushing against tall grass.  After a meandering walk, he found himself on the outskirts of the village, and he went to find the elder.
"I am looking for Arete," Prometheus said upon entering the city square.
"Oh, messenger," the page said.  "I am sorry, but Chief Arete died last month."
Prometheus closed his eyes and said a soft prayer.  "Who is the new chief and may I see them?"
"Of course.  Come with me."
The young man led him to a small table outside a café.  A middle-aged man was eating a piece of bread when he saw Prometheus approach.  He immediately stood and gave a polite half-bow.  "Messenger, it is an honor to see you again."
"Thank you, uh," Prometheus stumbled, recognizing his face but completely forgetting his name.
"Codrus, messenger.  How can I help you?"
The page left the pair and Prometheus sat down at the table.  "We must talk.  It is a matter of dire urgency."
Codrus pushed aside his plate and motioned to Prometheus.  "Please, begin."
Prometheus raised an unwary eye, scouting around.  No one else was near and he couldn't think of a reason to take the matter indoors.  "I just reawakened after having been killed by Ares."
"I see."  Codrus leaned back and held his chin in his hand.
"Ares has a large army and he has arrived on our continent.  He is … going to wipe us out.  All of us. "
Codrus sighed quietly and lowered his hand.  He stared blankly at the table before asking, "Why?  Why wipe out everyone?"
Prometheus seemed ashamed and he shifted in his seat.  "Me.  Zeus hates me.  I don't blame him for that, really.  And … he fears what the Draco might know about Larsa's past."
"What about it?" Codrus asked.
Prometheus shook his head, "He fears that we will undermine his divinity among the people in the north.  That's the bottom line."
Codrus nodded.  "Well."  He looked around at the buildings within his view before looking at Prometheus again, "What do we do?"
"We can't fight them off."
"No, we can't."
Prometheus nodded.  "We can run."
"'Run?'"  Codrus seemed surprised.
"We must survive."  Prometheus pulled at a loose strand on the wicker table absent mindedly before correcting himself, "Not 'we,' meaning 'me.'  Just … the Draco must survive."
"I understand."  Codrus picked up his bread again and took a bite.  "And how do we flee and survive?  I assume the point of this is to preserve our faith in the One?"
"Yes."  Prometheus straightened in his chair and spoke eagerly, "I've given it great deal of thought but I believe if we can develop our own language, separate from the old Larsan tongue everyone speaks now, we can keep secret our most cherished beliefs.  Transcribe sacred notes and texts … all in a language the Olympians can't understand."
"That will take time.  To create a new language and have millions of people learn it?"
"I know," Prometheus said.  "My only hope is that it will take Ares some time to reach Larak and the populated areas to the south and west."
"It will take years, especially if he's being systematic about this."  Codrus nodded and popped another piece of bread into his mouth.  "So, we keep our faith alive in a secret tongue, sail north to the Twelve Tribes and try to blend in among the heathens."
"That's the plan."
Codrus pushed away from the table.  "Very well.  We have work to do."
LXVII
ARES
5,401 Years Before the Final Exodus

How many villages has it been?
Ares sat on a log by the fire in the center of their latest conquest, a small fishing village on the far eastern coast of Scythia.  There had been a few hundred people here, mostly elderly, young women and children.  No prisoners were taken, as usual.
His sword was jammed into the sand.  Ares leaned forward, resting the bridge of his nose on the butt of the sword handle.  He reached under his side with one hand and scratched at his protective undergarments.  The synthetic materials managed to keep out most arrows and shrapnel, but in recent months, there had been no fighting to speak of.
Village after village, he marched in, pointed the way for his troops and they did the dirty work.  Thousands were dead.  Many thousands, even if one didn't count Prometheus' army driven off the cliff near Elysian Fields.
"My Lord," Nike said, stepping near the fire.
Ares looked up with a start, "Yes?"
"The village is secure.  No casualties."  She stood still, waiting for some signal from Ares.
He nodded slowly and replaced his head on the pommel of his blade.  "Maintain camp here."
"Yes, Lord General."  Nike was about to turn away, but she didn't.  Instead, she sat on the log next to Ares.  "How are you?"
He lifted his head slowly and looked at her with confusion.  His eyes glistened in the moonlight and he opened his expression, smiling at his favorite brigadier.  "Thank you for your concern, Nike, but I am well."
She looked at the fire and exhaled slowly before speaking, "If you will forgive me, Lord General … I do not believe you."
Ares' eyebrows shot up and he smiled even more broadly.  "Your senses do not fail you, Nike."  He sighed and rested an arm on the sword's crossguard.  "I am weary."
"Then return to Olympus," she said.  "I can lead the soldiers into Scythia.  If you'd like, I can assume command in four days when the fresh troops arrive from Cythera."
"Rotating more in and out again so soon, eh?"
Nike nodded.  "The forces from Leo and Libra have finished wiping Draco from the Thracian Islands.  Our strength will be at thirty thousand; more than enough for this."  Uncharacteristically, she placed her hand on his shoulder, "You may rest, Lord.  Your servants can take this burden from you."
Ares' smile faded and he slowly took Nike's hand off his armor and patted it several times before setting it down.  "Thank you, Nike, but only my father can take the burden from me."
She nodded and stood, "Is there anything else, Lord General?"
Ares said, "No, brigadier.  Thank you.  Get some rest."  She nodded and walked into the darkness toward the tents.
Why am I tired?  It seemed to be an obvious question but it was one he hadn't pondered.  He slept well, he wasn't overexerting himself.  Then again, he wasn't really fighting.  He was looking at maps, ordering troop movements, and marching into humble villages.
He saw a mother scoop her son out of the road and run into her hut.  No, not right in front of him now, but in front of him several hours ago.  He rubbed his eyes and he watched a twig being consumed by the fire.  He felt more weak than he ever had before.  Weak from death.  For the last nine years, that's all he saw.  All he experienced.  
If these were robotic Cylons, there would be no problem.  Intellectually, Ares knew they were sentient, but he had no compunction about killing them.  But these were people.  They had families.  They bled.
Ares reached into his pocket on the side of his waist, removing the small commceiver device.  He placed it on the log and looked at it for a time.  He felt a nagging, a tugging at the back of his neck.  Telling him to pick up the device and call his father.  Only his father could take the burden away.
Ares looked at the small, triangular bit of plastic.  How could he broach the subject with his father?  Hello, Dad, I'm tired of killing people?  Ares chuckled at the absurdity of it.  Still, he inhaled slowly and felt that sentiment had a truer ring to it than he anticipated.  
He picked up the device and placed it in his ear.  He pressed a button, thought of Zeus, and the signal was sent.  As the first beep sounded in his head, Ares thought about what he would do.  If Zeus agreed and said, "Enough is enough," then Ares could be done with it.  If Zeus refused, he would press on.  
The device beeped again.  If Zeus didn't answer, Ares thought, maybe he should just go to sleep.  Perhaps he would feel differently in the morning.
LXVIII
THE MESSENGERS
5,401 Years Before the Final Exodus

What was the point?
Zeus was to be offered a chance to stop this pogrom.  Again.  This would be his last chance though elements were aligned to make it possible.
Filling her self with the memories and personality of Zeus' beloved, the being in the guise of Leto was outside of his large bedchamber on Olympus.  She walked through the gossamer draperies that adorned the open hatch and she saw Zeus sprawled upon the floor, covered, though it was, in fine fleece and pillows.  The temple acolytes danced and played around him.  There were six: four girls and two boys.  
Leto didn't need to be close to him or to perform a test to know that Zeus and the acolytes were drunk on wine and high on chamalla.  She said and again asked herself, what was the point?
When she last visited Zeus, he was sober, but still reeling in grief.  He rubbed his eyes and yelled.  He tried to push her away.  He thought the whole visitation was a mere hallucination.
She looked to the dancing acolytes and she knew also that Zeus had fornicated with them all.  Repeatedly.  She breathed deeply and rage welled within.  The part of her that was Leto grew louder and louder until finally she screamed.
"Zeus!"
His eyes popped open, gazing straight toward the ceiling and into her face.  "Leto?" he said.  He blinked slowly and raised himself up onto an elbow.  "What are you doing here?"
"I came to speak to you," she looked around again at the acolytes, the empty wine containers, the crumb-covered platters, "I need you to shake it off.  There's something important you must do."
With great effort, Zeus managed to sit up.  "I can talk.  I can converse."
"Lord Jupiter?" one of the acolytes called from the darkness.
"Quiet!"  The acolyte immediately lowered her head and backed away into a corner.  Zeus sighed deeply and stared at Leto.  "What are you doing here?"
"Listen to me.  Ares is going to call you in a moment."
"About what?"
"When he calls, you must tell him to stop."
Zeus tried to stand and a scowl formed on his face.  "'Stop' what?"
Leto sighed.  "The genocide."  This would be their best chance to succeed.  Ares was vulnerable and open to suggestion, Zeus … well, she had to try and make him want to stop.
Zeus laughed.  "Why would I stop that?"
"You must listen …" her voice trailed off.  Leto glanced toward the acolytes, pursed her mouth in disgust and then looked back at Zeus.  Strangely, she found it very hard to contain her anger.  But still, her mission.  " … to Prometheus."
"Prometheus?!"  Zeus angrily leapt to his feet and kicked a large pillow across the room.  Immediately, he stumbled, catching himself on the back of a chair.  "Prometheus is a traitor and a … Whatever fate awaits him, he deserves worse!"
Again, Leto could sense where this would be going.  Still, she had to put on a loving front.  "Please, Zeus."
Somewhere on the table, Zeus' communications device began to beep.  He reached over and picked up the earpiece, holding it aloft.  "You want me to tell Ares to stop?  You want me to listen to Prometheus?"
She softened her appearance, using a kind smile and her cheeks to appear endearing.  She nodded slowly.  "Yes.  Please."  She knelt and took Zeus' hand in hers.  "Do it for me."  She looked deep into his eyes and at that moment, Leto felt a glimmer of hope that her sincerity and the love he still felt for her would make him choose the right thing.  To seal the deal, she imbued herself with love and seduction.  She stroked his fingers and pressed her breasts against his legs.
Zeus regarded her for a moment and then he pressed the 'off' button on the device.  He seemed as though he was about to vomit and he glared at Leto as she stood again.  "Have you lost your mind?"
Hearing the voice of her within, the being in the guise of Leto said, "No."  She stood up again.
Zeus reached for a table to try and pull himself up.  "Have you somehow forgotten what he did?"
Leto rolled her eyes and crossed her arms.  "You should have spoken to Ares, but you can still speak to Prometheus.  Resolve this."  Zeus began shaking his head.  "Will you heed my words?"
"Frak no," was his response.
Free will.  Leto shook her head at the thought of it.  A divine gift for sentient beings, to be sure, but it had a habit of mucking things up.  The plan, she knew, would go on and the tree could still be saved.  There were contingencies upon contingencies to see things through to the desired end.  She also knew that she would be back, guiding her son … Leto's son … and convincing him to carry out God's will.
As she was about to blink away, Leto saw Zeus lunge over tossed blankets and robes toward the acolytes, screaming, "Out!  Get out now!" 
There would be another chance another time.
LXIX
KALADEN
5,400 Years Before the Final Exodus

"You have done very well, Kaladen," Prometheus said.
"Thank you, messenger."  The writer bowed from his place at the table and smiled.
Prometheus stood and walked around the room, looking into the faces of the writers, priests, elders, and other who gathered in Larak for one final meeting.  The corners of his mouth curled with a slight grin, but it was tempered with the knowledge of what was to come.
"My friends," he began, "I came among you almost one hundred years ago and I found my true place in this life.  We all learned about and shared the love of the One Whose Name Cannot Be Spoken."  A few "amens" came from the assembled.  "But I …" he lowered his head, "I led you astray.  I fell victim to my ego, my self-determination …"
"No, messenger."
"I did.  Some of the same things I accused Zeus of, I now see I have within me, too."  A tear left his right eye and rolled down his cheek.  "Because of me, nearly a million Draco have died both on the battlefield and in their homes.  Because of me, Ares, Lord General of Zeus' forces, is but a day away from Larak itself.  They will find Draco, the Sacred Vessel, and they will destroy it, to save their own hides.  But that doesn't matter."  He stopped in the center of the ring of tables and a look of determination swept across his visage, "They can raze Larak.  They can destroy the Sacred Vessel.  But they cannot eliminate the love of the one, true god or our faith in it!"
"Amen!" they responded.
"We will sweep from these war-torn shores and move to the north.  We will live in their cities, work for them, be neighborly and loving to them, and we will keep alive in our hearts the faith of our people."  He inhaled deeply and continued, "Our language will keep secret what must be secreted until such a time arrives that we can reunite as Draco or assume power over Larsa."
"Amen!" they answered again.
"Kobol, I should say," Prometheus corrected himself.  "We must stop calling this world, 'Larsa,' if we're to blend in."
"Understood, messenger," Kaladen said.
"It may take centuries," Prometheus warned.  "It may take millennia.  I know I won't be here to guide you all to safety and I won't be here to be your messenger.  But I don't have to be.  The One will guide you and protect you.  Feel his love build within you and keep the faith alive!"
Everyone stood and applauded, shouting, "Amen!" again.  Kaladen struggled to stand, dropping his cane on the floor.  His wooden leg was loose and he leaned over to adjust it.  Prometheus stepped up behind him, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"I want to thank you all again," he said.  "We can do this."
Kaladen watched Prometheus walk away and he gathered his things.  Elder Codrus came to him and picked up the cane.  "Kaladen, you've more than earned your passage out of town."
Kaladen smiled, "Thank you, elder."  Of course, there was no charge for the evacuations.
"You're in cart thirty-two, just behind the inn outside."
"I see," Kaladen said, unsure why this mattered.
Codrus leaned forward, "Thirty-two is heading into the west.  There will be many villages and it will be a rough experience.  You'll be forced to stay here far longer than you may like, but as our best writer and chronicler, I feel compelled to keep you around as long as we can so you can document all that happens.  Whatever happens."
Kaladen sighed and nodded.  "Thank you for your confidence, elder."
He slapped him on the back and left the room.  Kaladen bundled his papers and slid them into his sack.  Using his cane, he hobbled outside and across the square to the inn.  He saw a cart parked alongside it with "32" scrawled on a plank.  He handed his two bags to someone sitting in the hay and then he grabbed the side of the bed, pulling himself up and into the sitting area.
"Hello," said one of the men sitting there.  "You must be important, coming out of a meeting like that."
Kaladen scoffed.  "No, I'm just a writer."
The man nodded and the cart lurched forward.  Kaladen looked back at Larak one last time.  He saw Prometheus sitting down in a chair by the fountain.  He simply sat there and sipped his tea.
LXX
PROMETHEUS
5,400 Years Before the Final Exodus

The sun was high in the sky.  The wind had blown the umbrella aside, but enough of it still shaded Prometheus that he didn't bother to replace it.  He was too busy watching the road into Larak from the north.
About an hour ago, two Olympian horsemen came into sight far outside of the village.  They spotted Prometheus and they quickly turned back north.  He knew it was only a matter of time before others or even Ares himself came back.  Now he heard the marching of thousands.  And he saw three people approaching on horseback.
All three arrived in the village square of Larak quickly.  They dismounted, and Ares approached Prometheus first.  "Hello, again."
Prometheus nodded and set aside his cup.  "Are you here to behead me straight away or will you allow me to speak?"
Ares grinned slightly.  "Not straight away.  But soon."  The female brigadier with Ares laughed.  
Prometheus stood, holding his hands out to his side, showing that he carried no weapon.  "I ask that you give me … thirty minutes."
"To do what?"
"Speak with me, Ares."  Ares scoffed but Prometheus carried on.  "Walk with me and speak with me."
"Why would I do that?"
Prometheus swallowed slowly and spoke softly, "I will take you to my resurrection bay."
Whatever joviality Ares had before disappeared.  He looked Prometheus up and down and scanned the abandoned city around them.  "Very well.  Let's walk."
"They can come," Prometheus said, pointing to Ares' companions, "But it would be best if they stayed out of earshot, if you catch my meaning."
Ares nodded.  "Nike, you stay with me.  Colonel, you can go back and tell everyone to move into the city and set up camp."
Prometheus began to walk along the western road out of Larak.  Ares stayed close by with Nike several meters behind on horseback.  Prometheus didn't speak and he didn't know what he would say to break the ice.  This whole exercise was a last ditch effort to save lives and, at the very least, buy time for the evacuees.
"So," Ares began, "considering you didn't have any training, I thought the arming of your people and the invasion were pretty impressive."
Prometheus shook his head.  "No.  Not impressive at all.  I feel only sadness when I think about it."
Ares nodded.  "Understood."  They walked into a field of tall grass that blew in the breeze.  "Why are we walking and talking, Prometheus?"
"I wanted one more chance to try and talk you out of it."
Ares shook his head now.  "Why would you think you could do that?"
Prometheus shrugged, "Desperate hope."  They walked a bit more.  "I know you don't have much faith when it comes to God, Ares."
"None, really."
"I see."  Prometheus licked his lips.  "Landing here so many thousands of years after the war, finding life, vibrant and new … I had hoped it would sway others to believe in a divine hand."
"No," Ares said.  "We've always known there would be survivors after a nuclear holocaust.  That the planet would recover, too."
Prometheus nodded.  "A human ship called the Draco came down first, about two hundred years before we crashed."  Ares' pace slowed as he listened intently.  "Over a hundred humans were in a cryogenic sleep and awakened to spread the love of the Great One among the primitives that survived here.  They were chosen by God to be the leaders of Larsa reborn.  Of Kobol.  And despite what you or Zeus might think, none of them really know about Larsa's past.  To them, Larsa is just the world they live on."
"I'm sorry, Prometheus, but I have no reason to believe that this is the case."
"I know."  Prometheus continued, "I also hoped to appeal to your sense of justice.  There's a lack of balance in taking two million lives for just two."
"What?"
"Leto and Hades," Prometheus said.  "For those two lives, Zeus wants you to kill two million people, altogether."
Ares shook his head.  "It's not just Leto and Hades …"
"Oh, I know," Prometheus interjected.  "It's because the Draco are all monotheists and they would never submit to your false godhood.  And it's to keep the secret contained.  To keep it all quiet."  Prometheus stopped at the top of the dry river bed.  "With the Draco alive and knowledgeable of the planet's past – so you think – it undermines what he's trying to do from Olympus."
Ares nodded.  "True."
"So," Prometheus said, coyly, "if keeping the truth about this planet quiet is no longer a motivating factor, then why kill millions?"
"Assuming I believe that they don't really know," Ares looked back at Nike before he continued, "because you have poisoned them against us.  Because they could never be assimilated into our society.  Because they declared war on the Twelve Tribes with the invasion that you led."  Ares leaned back, glancing into the creek bed and then back at Prometheus, "Because my father demands it."
LXXI
ARES
5,400 Years Before the Final Exodus

Prometheus nodded.  He started to walk down the slope and into the dry river bed.  Ares glanced back to make sure that Nike was negotiating the hill safely on her horse.
Prometheus turned to the right when he reached the bottom.  After a small curve in the bed, Prometheus waved toward a large, rocky feature in the center of the dry creek.
"There it is.  The Draco."
Ares walked toward it quietly and suspiciously.  It could be a trap.  He put one hand on his sword's handle and he moved slowly toward the dusty, angular lump.  Prometheus walked ahead and stopped by what appeared to be a door.  
Looking back at Nike, Prometheus said, "You should ask her to … stay away."
"Why?"
Prometheus shrugged, "You don't want her to see this and ask questions do you?"
Ares stood up straight, seeing the word "DRACO" written by the door.  He looked back at Nike and motioned for her to stop.  Prometheus walked inside the ship and Ares followed.
The corridors were at a steep slope but they both walked through them easily.  Prometheus led Ares to the right and into a small room.  "What's this?" Ares said.
Prometheus didn't speak.  Instead he picked up a book and started to read, "'We've been here for about a month.  I had forgotten how beautiful Larsa was.  Somehow, it seems even more beautiful now. …'"
"What is this?" Ares asked.
Prometheus ignored him, "'The people we've met here are very welcoming and open.  They wanted to worship us but we've turned them on to the idea of the one, true god.  Certainly I feel that we've been led here, to this time, to spread the love of the One among the humans that survived.'"
"Enough, Prometheus."
He closed the book and set it down.  "That's from one of the Draco's crew.  Look around the ship," he waved, "there are dozens of other examples like this.  The crew of this ship had a divine mission: to survive the war and keep the faith alive."
Ares shook his head.  "Just because they survived doesn't mean that's what was meant to happen.  That God wanted them to take over the planet with their faith."
Prometheus spoke louder, "And just because you don't see it doesn't make it not so."
"I don't have time for this," Ares said.  He grabbed Prometheus' collar and pulled him into the corridor.  "Take me to your resurrection equipment."
Prometheus swiped at Ares, hitting only the side of his shoulder armor.  Ares elbowed the top of his head and Prometheus went limp.  He was still conscious, but Ares grabbed his collar again and dragged him down the hall, peeking into each room.  Finally, he came to a small cargo bay that had illuminated computers and three resurrection pods.  Ares walked inside and dropped Prometheus on the floor.
He walked over to the three pods, seeing the first two were empty.  In the third, he saw a younger version of Prometheus floating in the familiar gel.  Ares opened the lid and drove the point of his sword into the body's collar bone from above and straight down into his heart.  He closed the lid and watched the blood seep into the goo, coloring it a hue he hadn't seen before.  Next, Ares walked over to the equipment and hacked at it with his sword.  The flashing devices crunched and fell apart.
"Well," Prometheus said, "I guess this is it, then."
Ares turned toward him.  "Yes."  He gripped the sword more tightly and pushed Prometheus against the wall.  "For what it's worth, to a certain extent … I am sorry."
Prometheus' meager grin faded and he sighed.  "So am I."  He reached out and slapped a console on his right.
There was a flash, a loud noise, and then the sensation of floating.  Ares opened his eyes and pushed himself up, realizing he was in a resurrection pod.  
"Son of a bitch," he said.  The gel dripped from him into the tub and he stepped away from the pod.  He walked over to the towel rack and removed one.  After wiping himself off, he could get his spare armor and take a dartship south to Larak again.  He knew that.  Ares shook his head as he considered Prometheus' last "frak you" to the Olympians.  And then it hit him.
Nike was just outside the Draco.
If the explosion was big enough, it could have killed her.
Suddenly angry, Ares stormed out of the resurrection bay to get his armor.  If Nike was dead, Ares would hold nothing back in pursuing the Draco.
"I'll hunt them all," he said aloud.
LXXII
THE DRACO
5,398 Years Before the Final Exodus

"You should come," his wife said.
Polykures shook his head.  "No.  The messenger was clear.  Some should evacuate and the rest should stay behind.  We can't allow the heathens to think any substantial portion of our people has escaped."
She hugged him and pulled their young child toward his father's leg.  "You're not coming, daddy?"
Polykures bent down and hugged the boy.  "No, son.  You're going with your mother.  And … you must remember to speak the new words we taught you, right?"  The boy nodded.  He kissed the child's forehead and bit the inside of his lip.  He didn't want to cry and upset his son any further.
He stood and looked at his wife.  She, too, was struggling to maintain her composure.  "May the One bless you."
Polykures smiled and hugged her tightly.  "You, as well.  Bless your long journey."  
She turned and climbed into the cart.  After she positioned herself against the wall, Polykures hoisted the boy with a cartoonish grunt and a tickling pinch.  He cackled and smiled.  The mother took the child and held him tightly.  Polykures stepped back from the cart and watched other families endure the same painful sundering.
The cart left a few minutes later.  He and several dozen residents of Gortyn trudged absent-mindedly through the brambles toward the town.  They all had sent some of their families away.  Many were staying behind to maintain an illusion for the invaders.  They knew it was suicide.

Aegle was Gortyn's chief elder and she nervously waited at the end of the main street.  She leaned against the stables and watched the hillside for some sign of her scout.  Or of Ares' forces.
"Aegle," a young man said from behind.  As she turned, he spoke, "The last of the transports have left."
She nodded.  "Have their families returned to their homes?"
"They are now."  He looked back into the village and watched the remaining folk meander about morosely.  "Will they make it?"
Aegle inhaled deeply and closed her eyes.  She turned her head toward the hillside again and exhaled loudly.  "They have a chance.  They're going due west for two days before they move north for the coast."  She crossed her arms and rapped her fingers against her sleeves.  "If nothing else, Ares is methodical.  It's taken him years to get this far into Scythia.  It'll take years more for him to finish."
The young man began to back away and he turned toward a shopkeeper when the elder spoke again.
"I don't expect this to be easy, Metheus." She sniffed and squinted as she saw something emerge from the crest of the hill.  "Who is this?"
The man stepped next to the elder and shielded his eyes with cupped hands.  "Looks like our scout."
A few moments later, Aegle saw that it was, indeed, Pyrrhos.  The horse rode hard and kicked up large clouds of dust.  The man clung to the beast and stayed low.  Almost a minute later, the horse slowed and Pyrrhos rose to stop it by the stable.  Completely out of breath, the older man nodded to the elder, "Soon, Aegle."
She held the reins of the horse while Pyrrhos dismounted.  "How many?"
A girl brought a water bag to him and he drank large gulps before he said anything.  "Many, many thousands."
Aegle stroked the horse's face between its eyes and asked, "Cavalry?"
Pyrrhos nodded.  "Not as much as I saw back at Iasus.  The Sagittarians must have gone home."  He drank some more of the water.  "Still, two or three thousand."
Metheus shook his head and ran into the town.  Aegle watched him go and then her eye was caught by a little girl, perhaps seven, playing with a ball.  Her mother sat nearby with a vacant stare.  
"Elder," Pyrrhos began, "if I had to guess, I think we have maybe four hours until they arrive."
Aegle never took her eyes off the girl.  She was happy and kicking the ball around the lane in circles.  The elder's stomach turned and she held her breath.  Everything in her mind screamed, "Run!" but she knew she couldn't.
She cleared her throat and lifted her head.  "Then let's enjoy it."

Grothos pulled his bucket from the ground and set it on the ledge of the well.  He glanced down the hill and studied the movement.  After a moment, he dipped his hand into the water and splashed his face.
"Father," his daughter called.  "Father, is that them?"
Grothos nodded silently and licked water from his lips.  "Yes.  Stay inside."
He heard the wooden door on his farm house close behind him.  He watched the sea of shimmering soldiers ebb up the incline.  After more than a minute, three horsemen rode past his property markers and across his field.  Grothos looked toward the cloudy, dusk sky and said, quietly, "Great One bless us all."
"Ho!" one of the horsemen yelled.  The other two stopped beside him.  They were about ten meters from the farmer.  Grothos looked nervously from one of the soldiers to the others and then toward the still-advancing soldiers.  "Farmer, what village lies over the hill?"
He cleared his throat and responded, "Gortyn."
"How many of you swine live there?" another of the cavalrymen asked.
Grothos had to tread carefully.  He knew that some of the villagers would be leaving, so he didn't want to be too accurate.  "I don't know.  A few hundred or so."
The horsemen nodded and spoke to each other quietly.  "That'll do, farmer.  Go inside your home."
Grothos was suspicious and his brow furrowed.  The three didn't move and he reluctantly turned away.  He walked at a normal pace so he wouldn't attract undo attention.  He was halfway to his door when he heard the clopping of hooves behind him.  They were going away.  Wait, one set of hooves seemed to be getting nearer.  As he turned, one of the horsemen's swords slashed through his neck and nearly separated his head from his body.

They heard the distant marching for a while.  A rhythmic pounding.  The ground quivered ever so slightly because of it.  Glasses clinked in their cabinets as Ares' army moved.  Aegle couldn't see them yet but she knew they were near.
They ate heartily.  Musicians played loudly.  Children interacted and had fun.  A priest led them in prayer.  On any other occasion, this would have been a great day.
Aegle left the meeting room and slowly walked into the center of the village.  Torch flames provided the only useful light.  She saw Pyrrhos standing by the stable just as she had a few hours before.  He saw her coming and he left the post.
"Their cavalry has already encircled the town," he said softly.
Aegle nodded.  "That's what they do, right?  Cut off any possible escape?"
Pyrrhos looked toward the hill.  "Yes.  Next, their soldiers and archers will march in.  Probably with torches to burn the buildings."  Aegle looked down at her feet.  "They'll cut us down as we run in terror."
She grinned a little.  She didn't know why.  "The Great One has a plan."
"So I hear."
Aegle touched his shoulder.  "We have our parts to play."
She walked away from the stable and started up the dirt road toward the hill.  As she approached the halfway point, she saw torches emerge over the crest.  Some were on horseback but most of the soldiers were on foot.
Aegle lifted her hands and continued to walk.  When she was about twenty meters away, a single arrow plunged into the dirt in front of her.  She stopped.
"Who goes there?" came a call from the armored horde.
"I am Aegle Karnadii.  Elder of Gortyn.  I come to ask what business your army has with us."
More torches seemed to spring up.  The light was multiplied as it reflected off the thousands of breastplates.  She noted the banners that flew.  Some bore a lion, others a crab, others a scale.  Two people on horseback approached and one seemed impossibly large.
"Elder," he said, "I am Lord General Ares and we claim your lands and your lives in the name of the Gods of Olympus and the Twelve Tribes of Kobol."  He waved his hand once and there came a whisper across the field.
A single arrow pierced Aegle's chest and she staggered back two steps.  She stayed there for a moment and simply looked at the shaft as it protruded from her breast.  Her eyes narrowed and slowly she looked up.  Her knees wobbled yet she was able to clearly see Ares stand in his stirrups and hold aloft his gleaming sword.
"For Nike!" he screamed.  
Her lightheadedness and nausea turned into fear and agony and Aegle fell to the ground.  Her face lay in the dirt and she felt the pounding of soldier's feet as they marched toward her and then over her.

Polykures darted from the meeting hall and saw the horsemen ride into the village yelling.  Dozens of people behind him ran into the streets and toward their homes.  They screamed and clutched their children.  Torches were tossed onto thatched roofs.  For the buildings with more sturdy and less flammable coverings, they threw them through windows.
Polykures moved into the lane and turned left toward the shops.  A horseman rode by and sliced across the back of a man who was running on the other side of the street.  Polykures moved into an alley and he waited as four other horses passed.  He closed his eyes and listened to his breaths.  He tried to, anyways.  Screams echoed among the buildings and he heard the rumble of marching and the crackling of fire.
Finally he left his concealed position and ran across the road into another alley.  He didn't stop.  Instead, he kept running and came to another side street.  He moved left and saw his house at the end of the lane.  He smiled a little and ran as hard as he could.  If he was going to die, he wanted to die in his own home.  He saw no soldier ahead and he kept running.  An arrow whizzed past and stuck in the wall of a house.  He looked behind him and saw twenty or so foes.  Some were prepping bows and the rest were running toward him with long spears or swords.
Polykures was only a few meters from his house.  He rounded the curve and stretched out his hand for the door.  As he did, a horse knocked him back.  He was sprawled in the dirt and confused.  What part of the horse hit him?  He glanced to the door barely a step away and then up at the cavalryman who smirked from above.
Polykures tried to stand up but the horse reared back and its forward hooves came down on his head.
LXXIII
THE MESSENGERS
5,398 Years Before the Final Exodus

The beings lit upon the crest of a hill overlooking the village of Gortyn.  One of the tenders took no guise and simply observed the forces of Olympus overwhelm the population.
"Failure," it said.  "Again, we seemed doomed to failure."
The other messenger imbued itself with the memories and spirit of Gortyn's elder, Aegle.  When she took form, she collapsed to her knees and wailed.
"So senseless!"  Her arms flopped into the grass and she crushed her eyes shut.  "So much pain and death!"
The other being moved to be by her side.  "Why do you do this?  Why must you … become them when it is not required?"  It looked to the village and saw many branches of the tree come to their ends.  Parts of their responsibility, the growth of the tree, were blinking from existence.
Aegle stopped her sobbing and looked into the misty light of her partner.  Her face appeared wet with tears, but she spoke with even tones, "I want to feel.  It aids us in our work." 
"It can."  The other messenger took form, as well.  He appeared as Lord General Ares and laid his hand on her shoulder.  "But you seem to wallow in it."
She looked to village again and felt a spear pierce a man's torso as clearly as if it were her own.  She lurched forward and grunted.  "These are our brothers and sisters in the service of God.  These are God's children …"  She cried out again.  "They're being killed by God's children, too."
Ares looked away and muttered, "I do not understand why you persist in couching our work in such a way."
Aegle inhaled deeply and grinned somewhat.  "It's worked before."
LXXIV
APOLLO
5,393 Years Before the Final Exodus

"I don't like it," Artemis said.
Apollo scoffed.  "What's not to like?"  He turned and motioned toward the river and then the mountains.  "It's beautiful.  It's idyllic."
She shook her head.  "Sorry.  It's just not for me."
Apollo shook his head and sat on the nearby log.  He looked across the field and watched as a few dozen workers continued to build a brick building.  "You know, we're practically supposed to be here."
"How's that?"
"This is the Gemini Tribe."  He laughed and held his arms wide.  "And we're the twins."
Artemis smirked and she sat next to her brother.  "'Gemini' is what our father and Athena call this place.  Originally, it was 'Mithuna.'"
Apollo said nothing.  After a few moments, he shrugged.  "I give up."
"'Mithuna' was a Kobollian euphemism for … a sexual union."
Apollo squinted.  "What?"
Artemis smiled and nodded.  "Two people, not twins, together in a sex act.  This confederation of tribes shared a bunch of sexual practices and worship." 
Apollo looked away from his sister and down toward the village still under construction.  "Wow.  That would explain the stone penises we've seen all over the countryside."
Artemis patted Apollo's knee and stood.  "Yep.  Changes things a bit, doesn't it?"
She was walking toward a cart while Apollo still sat, dumbfounded.  Finally, he leapt up and ran behind her.  "Look, I don't care what this place is called."  He leaned against the cart while she pulled a canteen of water from her pack.  "This is our chance to strike out on our own.  We can get away from Mount Olympus."
Artemis glanced toward Apollo and twisted the cap back on her canteen.  "Why are you so keen to leave Olympus?"
Apollo rolled his head to one side, "Well, for one thing, the war."  Artemis' face became solemn and she straightened.  "It's like walking on eggshells up there.  There are the ones who hate the war and the ones who love it.  You can't say anything without someone taking it the wrong way."
"Like Atlas."
"Right," Apollo agreed.  "Or father."
Artemis closed her eyes and sighed.  "I agree that it would be nice to get away from Mount Olympus."
"Good."
She grinned a little.  "Mother and I discussed that, actually, a while back."
"Really?"
Artemis nodded.  "I told her I didn't want to leave the Olympus.  I was used to life aboard a ship.  I think she may have thought she was holding me back."
Apollo watched his sister as she spoke.  This was the first time in years she said anything about Leto.  "You never thought she did."
"Of course not."  She wiped her mouth with her arm.  "No, I stayed on Olympus because I wanted to.  She stayed because she wanted to, too.  She said she still loved father and wanted to win him back from Hera."
Apollo's eyes widened and he looked down into the cart.  His attention danced from their packs to the construction equipment scattered around.  "She did, eventually."
Artemis simply nodded.
Apollo inhaled deeply and placed his hand on her shoulder.  "Look.  We've lost our mother."  She looked at him with a very serious glare.  "In a way, we've lost our father, too.  Now may be the best time to move on."
She licked her lips and started to speak.  Her words cracked and she cleared her throat before starting again, "I asked mother to leave the Olympus and come live off the land with me, but she stayed."
"'Live off the land,' huh?"
Artemis nodded.  "I still want to do that."
Apollo smiled and pulled her closer.  "Let's do it together.  Right here in Delphi."  
They were still for a moment.  Finally, Artemis pulled away from her brother slowly.  "No."  Apollo's arm drooped to his side.  "I think … I think I need to truly live on my own."
Apollo tilted his head to one side.  "What?  Why?"
Artemis looked down and then turned toward Apollo.  She looked up and smiled in a sad, sympathetic way.  "I don't belong here.  Not here, Delphi.  I mean, here.  I need to go find my own way.  I need to find a purpose."  She paused and watched Apollo's face contort while he tried to think of a rebuttal.  "You're your father's son much more than I am my father's daughter.  Like him, you'll have no trouble making room for yourself on this planet doing whatever you want.  You will have a purpose and a destiny.  I have no doubt."
"Artemis …"
"Look, we're twins but we're not the same."  She grabbed his arm forcefully.  "I need to do this.  By myself."  After a moment, she let go.
Apollo lowered his head and said meekly, "You'll stay in touch, right?"
She smiled.  "Of course."
LXXV
KALADEN
5,392 Years Before the Final Exodus

It was difficult to write as the cart bounced on the path so Kaladen gave up on that some time ago.  Instead, he looked back to the village of Kelos, now a few kilometers away.  It was a nice, small village.  The last Draco village in all of Scythia.
Ares' army was always on their tails.  The cart driver, three scholars and Kaladen had traversed much of Scythia in the last few years, documenting the invasion as best they could and staying away from scouting patrols and the invasion force.  At the westernmost end of the continent, Kaladen and his company would find a few small boats in a natural harbor.  They had warned the people of Kelos that Ares would be coming.  Some listened and left.  Others stayed, saying it was the will of the One.  Kaladen doubted that, somehow.
"I'm turning up to the trail," the driver said.  They had been rolling up the flat side of a mountain for the last few hours.  Now they would be heading into steeper, rougher terrain.  From there, they could look down on Kelos and see what Ares and his troops would do to the village.
Kaladen knew the answer to this already.  He had seen it over and over again in recent years.  He and his cartmates had rolled out of towns and positioned themselves on higher, more distant ground dozens of times now.  The first time he watched the messenger himself lead Ares into the Sacred Vessel, only to destroy it and them both.  The next observation was harder; watching the heathens' mistreatment of the Draco people.  Even he grew desensitized to it after a time.  Here, Kaladen again felt he would witness the same mistreatment.  But this would be the last time, so there was an odd sense of foreboding.
The sun was partially obscured by high clouds.  The day was bright, but there was no direct sunlight.  The cart finally rocked to a stop and the driver tied the horse to a tree.  The men got out and Kaladen followed.  Among the four of them, they had three telescopes, Prometheus had called them.  Lenses wrapped inside a leather tube that made far away scenes seem much closer.
The other three men were already lying flat on their stomachs, peering over the edge of the rock face toward Kelos below.  Kaladen sat down facing away from the village and he pulled his telescope from his coat pocket.  He scooted back as best he could with his cane and good leg and then rotated his body so he, too, could lie on his belly and observe what happened below.
When he first brought the telescope to his eye, he saw nothing.  A few huts.  A wandering goat.  Kaladen blinked a few times, adjusted the scope and swept it to the east.  Finally, he saw people running.  Children and mothers.  He continued to look east and he saw Ares' horsemen.  They galloped into the village hard and had already trampled several people.  Kaladen sighed.
"It has begun," one of the men said.
Kaladen tried to spot Ares, but he couldn't right away.  He saw the spears of the horsemen were already red with blood.  Torches had been tossed onto a few roofs.  He looked to the outskirts of the village and he saw that Ares' phalanxes had surrounded it, hoping to catch anyone who escaped.  A few people ran from their huts toward the brush outside only to be impaled by the waiting soldiers.
Kaladen sighed.  "I've seen this a dozen times, but I still …"
"I know," one of the men said.
"Do they not see?"  Kaladen drew his telescope away from the bloodshed, back toward the horsemen.  "I mean … we are people, too."
"They don't care," the cart driver said.  "We have been devalued to them."
Kaladen shook his head.  "But we are people."
He watched as Ares rode into town on his large horse, holding a spear aloft.  He was yelling something and the horsemen responded in kind.  Likely, he was yelling, "For Nike!"  Once before, when they were slow to leave a village, they heard Ares himself saying it and the thunderous response.
Now the horsemen were moving from house to house and hoplites lined the streets.  People and families were tossed out into the dusty lanes.  Kaladen saw the gleeful faces of the young men and women as they hacked and ripped at the terrified citizens of Kelos.  He shook his head again and lowered his telescope.
Kaladen rolled over onto his back and looked into the sky.  He watched the high clouds move, still keeping the sun covered.  "The One Whose Name Cannot Be Spoken … only it knows how long humans have been around."
"True," one of the others said, still watching the carnage.
"However far we've come, it is obvious to me that we are only a few steps removed from the most beastly of animals."  Kaladen's face scowled and a single tear fell from his eye.
The cart driver sighed.  "After all of these years, after losing your leg on the Elysian Fields, this comes to you just now?"
Kaladen rolled over and took another look through his telescope.  The person he saw was a dismounted horseman pressed against a hut now mounting a Kelos woman while she screamed and slapped at him.  He dropped the scope and laid his head down.  "No.  Not just now."  He rolled over again and looked at the clouds.  "It's just been … reconfirmed."
LXXVI
ZEUS
5,392 Years Before the Final Exodus

On the viewer, Ares narrated a raid into a Draco village in the mountains on the far western end of Scythia.  A hut was ablaze.  Horses ran over fleeing citizens.  Ares used his bloodied sword to point out features of interest.
"There's a statue of the messenger, Prometheus.  We've found them all over."  He walked across the open space to a cowering man, holding a book in front of his face.  "The people aren't speaking Attican any longer, just as we found in other villages.  And their writing," Ares wrenched the book away from the man, "They're using their new language in their writings, too."
Zeus nodded and looked around the table.  A few of the Olympians seemed uncomfortable.  "Thank you, Ares."
"After this village, Ares," Athena said while squirming in her seat, "what's next?"
"Satellite telemetry shows this to be the last village with any substantial population."  The speaker crackled as Ares continued, "We have scouts on horseback who are doubling back to the villages we've already been through and they're checking out other possible satellite leads.  I'm thinking," he paused, "in a few months time, we could be done here.  Completely."
Zeus slapped the table.  "Thank you, son."
"Ares out."  The viewer switched off and the lights in the room returned to normal.  
Zeus looked across the faces of each of the Lords of Kobol.  Most seemed downcast.  "Let us be glad," he began.  "This is nearly over."
"Is it?" Athena asked.
Zeus cocked his head to one side, "You heard him."
Athena leaned forward, "No, I mean … will this be the last we hear of them?  The Draco?  Couldn't they come back?"
Zeus scoffed and reiterated, "You heard him.  This is it."
"I'm not so sure, Zeus," Helios said.  "Thousands of them could have escaped to Galatia."
"If they did," Poseidon said, "they can be hunted down.  If anything, they'll stick out more easily."
"Yes," Zeus said.  "The point being, this war is over."
"You're meeting with the priests tomorrow?" Apollo asked.
"I am."  Zeus folded his fingers together and placed them under his chin.  "Item number one is that I want Prometheus and the Draco expunged from history."
Several of the Olympians seemed confused and spoke amongst themselves.  "'Expunged?'" Hestia said.  "That's easier said than done, isn't it?"
Zeus nodded.  "True, there are many thousands of people who have heard the name 'Prometheus.'  Thousands more who know about the Draco.  But it need not go beyond that.  Any historical reference to this war will allude to 'heathen tribes in the south who denied the Olympians' godhood,' or something like that."
Dione scoffed loudly.  "Do you really think that will work?"
Zeus swallowed hard.  "I don't know.  The Draco …" he waved his hand dismissively.  "But Prometheus … he must be eliminated.  Completely."
"I agree," Hermes said.
"Here, here," said Hephaestus.
"We are gods," Poseidon said.  "If we decree a thing then that is what shall be done."
Zeus nodded.  "Exactly."  He saw that some of the Lords were not convinced.  "We must put death behind us and concentrate on the future.  Concentrate on life."
"And how do we do that?" Demeter asked.
"I reiterate to the Kobollians that they are to be fruitful and multiply.  And then," Zeus stood and activated the hologram projector by placing his hand on the induction panel, "we spread them across the globe.  First, Scythia, of course."  A holographic version of Kobol appeared and showed a blue wave moving south from Galatia over the islands and into the small southern continent.  "After that, to Illyria."  Now the wave crossed the oceans and filled the single continent on the other side of the world.
Hestia was shaking her head.  "There's a cleanup to be done.  Time hasn't erased all signs of Larsan society."
Zeus nodded.  "We'll use our satellites to scan all three continents and the islands for anything that can tip them off.  We'll recycle what we can, destroy what we can't, and dump the rest into the ocean."
Hephaestus said, "It will be a formidable challenge."
"One that I know you're up to," Zeus said.  "You and Hestia take the lead on this.  Use Olympus' maintenance robots.  Helios and Atlas can be in charge of locating any ruins or artifacts.  Hermes can help locate space station debris and wreckage in orbit.  Use the satellites and Aetos, the dartships … whatever you need."
"Will do," Helios said.  Atlas seemed less enthused.  Hermes nodded.
"What about biological traces?" Poseidon asked.  "There will be … fossils.  Remains."
Zeus nodded.  "You are the biologist.  You can come up with any explanation that is needed.  Tell them about Kobollian taxonomy now.  That way they won't feel pressured to dig."
Poseidon shook his head and chuckled, "I don't know if that will work."
"Whatever people find," Zeus said, emphasizing each syllable, "it comes from Kobol.  Not Larsa."  He looked across the table and caught everyone's eye.  "Larsa is gone."
Poseidon inhaled slowly and said, "Understood."
"Once that is done, we help them expand."  Zeus pointed at Demeter, "It's time to move forward on agriculture."  Zeus pointed at Hephaestus, "We should start up a technical institute in your name."
"Seriously?" he said.
"Yes.  Apollo, you should set up a medical college in your name.  In fact, we should all get directly involved in helping the Kobollians advance themselves."  Many of the Lords were nodding.  
Atlas was not.  "I … I still have a problem with this, Zeus."
Dione and Selene spoke up, "Me, too."
Zeus said nothing.  He looked at them silently and sat back down.  "That's your choice," he said, "though you must not undermine our efforts in any way."
There was no missing the subtle threat in Zeus' voice.  Nervously, Antaeus nodded his head, "Of course."
Zeus turned in his chair to face Hephaestus, "Draw up your initial plans and we can talk about it further tomorrow."
"Is that all, father?" Hecate said.  She sat in the corner, bored and fidgety, the entire meeting.
"Yes."
Everyone stood up and began to leave.  Athena, however, walked over to Zeus and sat on the table.  "The priests, tomorrow …"
"What about them?" Zeus asked.
Athena hesitated.  "What are you going to tell them about Hades and Leto?  Or Hera, for that matter?"
Zeus' face flushed red.  His skin tingled and he wasn't sure if it was rage or sadness or both.  He leaned back in his chair and looked away from Athena.  "I don't understand why it matters."
"It matters, Zeus," Athena said.  Now, some of the Lords had stopped their departure and were loitering, hoping to hear Zeus' response.  "The Kobollians knew Hades.  For him to simply not be around anymore could be … confusing to them."
"And we don't dare tell them the truth," Zeus said, quietly.
"No, for a variety of reasons," Athena said.  "You'd have to explain who Prometheus is and we are … it would be messy."
Zeus closed his eyes.  He saw Hades.  He saw Leto.  He even saw Hera.  Athena was right; they couldn't simply cease to exist.  "We, uh …"
"Zeus," Hermes said.  He walked back toward the table, "Maybe you could say that they … moved on to take dominion over some facet of nature.  Like the polytheist faiths from the good ol' days."
Zeus nodded and gave a weak grin.  "Yes.  Hades … as the first to go, he has taken on the responsibility of the afterlife."  He paused and thought about it.  The idea sounded right to him, somehow.  "For Leto, well, the Kobollians never met her."
"And Hera?" Apollo asked.
"She's not gone," Zeus said.  "There's nothing to explain about her.  She'll be back and she can have temples and whatever else she wants."
"We truly become gods, huh?" Dionysus said.
Zeus said, "I guess so."
"Humans, too, thanks to Ares," Hermes said.  
"Nike is a demi-goddess," Artemis said.  "She deserves it."
Zeus said nothing and he continued to look down toward the floor.  When the Olympians didn't move, he looked up and said, "That will be all."
They took the hint and slowly walked out of the room.  Zeus turned in his chair and stared at the projection of Kobol with its ebbing colors showing the planned spread of the people across the world.  
He hoped it would all work.  Thousands of years and so many lives lost … Zeus felt like he earned it.  He knew that he and the Olympians could shape this world into a better place according to their designs.  There was little difference about doing it here, on Kobol, than doing it elsewhere.  Here, though, they had a population willing to do their bidding.  Their plans for a great experiment just found a larger test audience.
Zeus wanted to focus on the minutiae of daily work; the details of being a god.  He wanted to speak with the priests about worship services.  He wanted to discuss farming with people in the outlying areas.  He wanted to build boats with the fishermen.  He wanted to build a great observatory so he could look at the stars like he used to.  Zeus wanted to do all of these things but he faced a monumental distraction.
With every blink of his eyes, in that split second of blackness, Zeus saw Hades and Leto, lying on the deck, lifeless and bloodied.
He sighed and looked at the projection again.  Maybe if he busied himself, acting like a god … maybe then he could forget.  Maybe then he could build his world.
LXXVII
ARES
5,391 Years Before the Final Exodus

Back in Larak.
The God of War placed his beaten bronze helmet on the concrete rim of the old fountain.  There was no water inside.  He wished it still worked.  He raked his fingers through his black hair and removed his hand to find sweat and grime.  Ares sighed.
For days he rode his horse back east to this point.  The cavalry had split into four units and swept through the hills and the forests looking for escapees and hidden villages.  The foot soldiers were tasked to simply march from one burned-out town to the next, all the way east back to the Thracian Sea.
"Lord General," a brigadier said from his horse several meters away.  "We've finished our sweep of Larak and the nearby river bed as you've ordered.  There's no sign of anyone."
Ares nodded.  This was his fourth brigadier since Nike died.  They all paled in comparison to her.  "Carry on."  The man saluted and rode off.
For frak's sake, how long had he been here?  Almost twenty years?  Ares shook his head and leaned over.  His elbows rested on the tops of his thighs and his head hung low.  He glanced over the backs of his hands and noted the scratches and calluses.  He slowly straightened up and turned his hands over.  They were bright pink and swollen.  Blisters had formed time and time again, only to have the skin slough off and harden.  He had been in this body since Prometheus destroyed the Draco.
And now he had destroyed the Draco, too.
He thought this and almost smiled at the verbal turnabout.  Instead, he shook his head.  Twenty years and two million people were gone.  Tens of thousands of his own soldiers had died on the Elysian Fields.  There had been no resistance in this pogrom, however.
Ares thought about the hundreds of times he rode into villages.  He saw the same thing every time.  Families.  Women.  Children.  No soldiers.  No armies.  Still, they killed and killed.  The armies of Olympus threw torches into their buildings.  They razed entire cities.  Would it have been easier if they had resisted?
Yes.  Ares knew it would have been.  At least he could still justify much of the last two decades to himself.  It was easy to fight after the Battle of Elysian Fields.  He felt as though he owed Prometheus for the death he caused.  And then his resolve waned.  Once Nike was killed, however, it was quickly rekindled.  But even that didn't last.
He inhaled deeply when he caught a whiff of something cooking on a nearby fire.  He glanced around and saw a group of horsemen roasting some sort of animal.  Ares stood and walked back to his steed.  He pulled open a saddlebag and removed a bit of roadbread.  Roadbread was a dense carbohydrate filled with dried fruits, nuts, and a bit of honey.  It kept well and fed a majority of his army.  After all of these years, it was disgusting.  He took a single bite and tossed it back into the bag.
Ares looked at the burned-out husks of this city.  A nagging returned to him.  Off and on for years, there was something about these Draco that bugged him.  When they invaded their cities, it seemed as though part of the population was gone.  Ares couldn't help but think they had escaped.  
He shook his head as he thought about it yet again.  There were children in the villages they wiped out.  How could anyone leave children behind to meet certain death?  Again, Ares had suspicions.  Leaving a few children behind would be a smart move and maybe enough to make him doubt that anyone escaped.
He grunted and willed the paranoia from his head.  Ares climbed onto his horse and rode toward the campfire where he saw his brigadier.  "Listen."
The man jumped up.  "Yes, Lord General?"
Ares looked east out of the village and then back.  "I am returning to Mount Olympus.  You're in charge."
The man smiled and puffed his chest out.  "Yes, Lord General!"
"Be slow and sure, understand?"
The brigadier saluted, "Yes, Lord General!"
Without saying anything else, Ares turned his horse and they trotted out of the city.  A few minutes later, Ares realized that he left his helmet by the fountain.  Bah.  He didn't care.  In fact, once Ares returned to Olympus, he didn't think he could stand to put on his armor again for quite a few centuries.
LXXVIII
ATHENA
5,364 Years Before the Final Exodus

"You really are gods!"
The woman clasped her hands over her mouth.  She was standing in front of the table and hundreds of people were behind her and waiting for their turn.
Athena smiled and tipped her head forward.  "Come here," she said.  The woman slowly moved and Athena took her hand.  "You have nothing to fear.  We're here to help."
Atlas, Dione, Helios, and Athena were in Kussara.  It was a fairly large town north of the jungles of Leo.  For weeks, they traveled Galatia and distributed vaccines to the people.  
"You're so large!" the woman said.
Athena smiled nervously and glanced toward the others.  Atlas was shaking his head.  "If you swallow this juice," she said, "it will help protect you from serious illness and plague."
Still starstruck, the woman took the paper cup and swallowed the sweet red liquid.  She winced a little and bowed before Athena.  "Thank you, goddess!"
"You're welcome," she replied.  "You may feel a little tired this afternoon, but that's normal."  The woman bowed again and backed into the crowd.
Athena hadn't been in Leo since her tour with Zeus decades ago.  She was in Kussara then and there weren't any marble buildings.  Antaeus and Hephaestus said Leo had the best marble and the people were already gathering it.  They were assimilating into the "Olympian" culture that was being made up as they went along.
"My Lords," one man said as he stepped forward.  He looked at each of the four slowly and gingerly took the paper cup.  "You are Athena, the wise goddess, yes?"
Athena grinned.  "That's what they call me."
He turned toward the others and bowed a little.  "Forgive me, but I do not recognize the rest of you."
"Just as well," Atlas said.
Dione chuckled.  "I'm Dione."
The man looked at her intently, as though he waited for something more.  "What are you the lord of, goddess?"
Dione rolled her eyes and turned away from the vaccines she was pouring.  "I'm a … I'm a mother.  That's heavenly enough."
The man bowed and turned toward Atlas and Helios.  "And you, Lords?"
Atlas folded his arms across his chest, "You know the stars you see at night?"
"Yes."
"That's what I do."  He smiled, "I'm Atlas and I'm in charge of the stars."
Athena bit the inside of her lip and looked warily at Helios.  He didn't care for the experiment any more than the others, but he was a bit fast and loose with his tongue.
"I'm Helios."  He looked across the crowd and then toward his surroundings.  He grinned and looked into the sky, "I'm the god of the sun."  Athena's eyes widened.
"My Lord!" the man yelped as he fell to the ground.  "Thank you for allowing me in your presence!"
Helios was taken aback and he looked from Atlas toward Athena.  She was simply shaking her head.
"Um," Helios said.  He tapped the table twice to get the man's attention, "Stand up.  Don't bow to me."
"Yes, my Lord.  As you command."
Helios nodded and he shuffled from side to side.  Obviously uncomfortable, he spoke to the man softly, "Look, don't worry about me.  It's not a big deal, really."
The man seemed confused.  "As you command, Lord.  Shall I drink the liquid?"
"Please do," Helios said.  He turned and moved toward the crates by his mother.  He lifted a large jug of the vaccine from a box.
While two other people came to the table and spoke to Atlas, Athena turned away and approached Dione and Helios.  "You have to be more careful."
"I know," he said.
"I don't see the harm," Dione chuckled.
"Sun gods were among the most powerful deities these people had just a few centuries ago."  She pointed at Helios, "You just claimed to be one!"
He looked up from the crate and held his hands aloft, "I know.  It was stupid.  I won't do it again."
Athena paused for a moment before she continued.  She had heard the stories and the rumors.  Different tribes and different people responded to the Olympians in different ways.  Many in Capricorn were accepting and listened to what Zeus said.  But the further away people lived …
As near as Gemini, things became muddled.  Once a fertility-worshipping collection of people, they carried their old ways into the new.  Yes, they adopted Apollo and Artemis as their patrons, but they also worshipped Aphrodite.  They embraced her beauty and erected temples in her honor.  In those temples, there were prostitutes.  Making love with one of these temple attendants was a form of worship.  Athena didn't want it to go on and Aphrodite was embarrassed, but Zeus seemed amused.
He was not amused by what happened on occasion in Scorpio and Cancer.  In Scorpio, where the Ordos Desert was dominant, they began to offer human sacrifices as a means to bring rain or to find fresh wells.  In Cancer, they worshipped Ares by forcing two men to fight to the death.  The loser was a sacrifice to the "God of War."  Zeus and Ares both had flown to those two tribes to put a stop to the practice a few years ago, but stories persisted.
Athena knew the experiment was risky.  She knew, with millions of people, there would be perversions and decadence over which they would have little control.  It was a calculated risk for her.  To help humanity and these people she had grown to love or let them war and die as humanity did millennia ago.  If they worshipped her, it was unfortunate but necessary.  She didn't want it to go too far, though.
"Look," Dione said, "Zeus wants us to be their gods, right?  He wants us to rule over them?"
Athena shook her head, "Not how you think."
"But that's what he said."  She scoffed, "For his 'great experiment.'"
"Yes, for the experiment," Athena said.
"And not because of his ego, right?" Dione quickly interjected.  She tossed a container of cups onto the ground.  "I tell you, I don't know why we're still helping.  What we're doing is sinful.  God will not be happy."
Athena nodded.  "I understand.  You believe you've been set up as gods while your own god is ignored.  That is wrong.  I understand."
"Then you'll understand why I don't think I can do this any longer."
Athena inhaled slowly and thought.  She looked back into the crowd and saw hundreds still waiting for their vaccines.  "You're a doctor, Dione."
"Yes."
"You swore an oath to help people who need help."  Dione nodded.  Athena motioned behind her toward the crowd as Atlas served up more vaccine cups.  "These people need your help."
Dione sighed and then shook her head.  "I know."
"We are here to give humanity a helping hand.  The experiment is about getting them back on their feet and then guiding them so they don't make the same wrong decisions they did before.  That's all."
"That may be all it is for you," Dione lifted a jug from the ground, "but for Zeus, there's much more."  She walked toward the table.
Helios lifted a bag of paper cups and leaned toward Athena.  "For what it's worth, I think the experiment is a good idea.  I just don't trust Zeus to really let humanity make their own choices."
Athena watched him take the cups to the table.  As more and more people gathered around the Lords, she couldn't help but think Helios was right.
LXXIX
KALADEN
5,358 Years Before the Final Exodus

The old man pulled the jar off the table and unscrewed the lid.  Peaches were inside.  They were from last year, but he hoped they had lasted.
"Quin," a woman called from the other room, "did you need anything from the market?"
He licked the sugary liquid from his finger and reached in again for another slice.  "No, thank you."
"I'll be back later."  She closed the door and walked into the street.
He sat down on his stool and removed a third slice from the jar and set it on his plate.  He screwed the top back on the jar and pushed it across the table.  As he took a bite from one piece, someone knocked on the door.
"Who is it?" he called.
The door opened slightly and a brawny, middle-aged man peeked his head inside.  "Are you Quin?"
The old man sat still for a moment and was quiet.  Finally, he spoke.  "Why?"
In a foreign tongue, the man said, quietly, "I am from the farthest south."
Quin twisted his head and looked confused.  "I'm sorry.  I don't understand."
The man entered the home and closed the door.  Quin pushed his chair from the table and grabbed his cane.  "Do not fear," he said again in the foreign language.  "I am a friend."
"I don't understand what you're saying," Quin said.
"You should, Kaladen.  You invented these words."
Quin sighed and lowered his staff.  His shoulders drooped and he asked, without looking up, "Who are you?"
The man smiled, "I am Boccus.  I was a little boy when I sailed with my father from the shores of our home."  Kaladen nodded as he continued.  "I have read the tales you've told of the one, true god and of the heathen invasion into our homeland."
The old man breathed deeply and reached under the table.  He scratched at the cloth covering the stump where his leg should have been.  Finally, he spoke the secret language, "Why are you here?"
Boccus sat opposite Kaladen and leaned against the table.  "I cannot make a pilgrimage to the Sacred Vessel any longer.  Nor can we go to Larak to learn from the messengers.  You, Kaladen, are the closest thing we have to a messenger these days."
The old man's forehead crinkled and he slapped the table.  "I am not a shrine for you to bow toward."
Boccus seemed taken aback and he shook his head rapidly.  "Of course not."
"I am not a deity for you to worship."
"No, Kaladen.  Not at all."
"Then why are you here?"
Boccus appeared confused but then he understood.  He nodded and leaned forward again.  "I … I had hoped that you may have some encouraging words for believers in the Great One."
Kaladen paused and looked at the table.  He really wanted those peaches.  With his thumb and forefinger, he picked up the second slice and slid the whole thing into his mouth.  His cheeks became distended and he found it hard to chew so much at once.  He didn't care.  He saw Boccus eyeing the remaining slice and Kaladen flicked the plate toward him, almost begrudgingly.  The stranger smiled and picked it up gingerly.  He took a small bite, seemed surprised, and then popped the whole thing in his mouth.
Kaladen finished swallowing.  "What's the matter?  Never had a peach before?"
"No, sir," he said.  "It was delicious."
"Where are you from?"
Boccus swallowed the rest of the slice and said, "Scorpio.  Not much fruit there."
Kaladen nodded.  "How many believers in the One do you know personally?"
The man's eyes widened and he looked toward the ceiling.  "There's myself and my wife.  My father died years ago.  I have a young son but I want him to be older and more responsible before we entrust him with the faith."
"Good," Kaladen said.
"There are … I would guess, a dozen people in my town."  He nodded.  "Yes, a dozen.  We meet once each month in a different place each time.  Mostly, we pray.  We sometimes read your writings."
Kaladen's eyebrows lifted and he licked the last of the peach flavor from his fingers.  "And you ask me for encouraging words?"
"I do," Boccus said, eagerly.
"You provide me with more encouragement than anything I could say."  Kaladen coughed loudly and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  "Hearing that the faith is alive and being shared responsibly is a great boost to me."
He stood with the aid of his cane and moved toward the pantry.  Kaladen picked up the peach jar and slid it back onto the shelf.  Boccus sat still for this but he stood, finally.  "I am glad you appreciate my news but I still hope for something … different.  Something not in your writings."
Kaladen leaned against the doorway and breathed through his nose loudly.  "Something different?  Something new?"
Boccus bowed slightly and smiled.
Kaladen's eyes wandered around his small apartment.  He thought to the Battle of Elysian Fields all of those years ago.  His flight from Galatia.  His flight across Scythia watching the heathens invade, sack, rape, pillage, murder, burn …  His journey across the ocean to the home of the heathens where he had lived, lo, thirty years.
Kaladen coughed again and looked at Boccus with a hard gaze.  "The Great One's wrath will be poured out upon the heathens like molten steel.  It won't happen in my lifetime and it probably won't happen in yours, but the false gods of Olympus will be dethroned."  The man smiled.  "Is that the kind of thing you were looking for?"
"Yes, Kaladen," he said.  "It is."
LXXX
ACASTUS
37 Years Before the Final Exodus

His mouth was dry.
Hours ago, Stephen Acastus had emptied the glass of water Apollo poured.  He didn't dare interrupt the tale that was being weaved to ask for more.  
It was night now.  Apollo had been speaking for nearly seven hours.  Acastus said nothing.
"Well?" Apollo asked.
Acastus tried to clear his throat.  "I'm a … a little bewildered by it all."  He shifted in the seat, causing an embarrassing noise from the leather chair.  "There are so many names and things I had never heard before."
"I know," Apollo said, standing up and crossing the floor to take the empty water glass.  "I knew it would be confusing, so I am perfectly willing to answer whatever questions you may have."
Acastus' eyes remained wide.  He stared at the now-empty chair from which Apollo had changed his world.  Everything he knew shifted.  It wasn't gone or destroyed.  It was simply … different.
"I'm sure I will have thousands of questions," Stephen began.  "If Zeus told you to start a medical college, then why is it called the Asclepius School today?"
Apollo laughed.  "That's a rather minor point to quibble over, hm?"  He looked at Acastus but he was unwavering.  "I did start the School but once my son was older and he became a better doctor than I, we changed the name."
Acastus nodded.  "Did anyone ever dig up a piece of Kobol's past?  Something from Larsa?"
Apollo's hand hovered over a water decanter.  He nodded slowly.  "A few times.  The finds were successfully explained away on some occasions.  Others, however," he lifted the glass container, "required more extreme actions to keep everything quiet.  The gods did a fine job covering most things up or destroying them.  Entire cities were built atop some immobile pieces of evidence.  Olympia, for one."
"Really?"
"Yes."  Apollo poured his own drink.  "Atlantis, for example, was simply made off limits.  No human has ever been allowed there."  
Acastus turned his head slowly from side to side as he tried to think of something else to ask about.  "Obviously, eliminating Prometheus and the Draco from history worked out."
"Prometheus, yes," Apollo said.  He left the bar and brought Acastus a refill.  "Censorship works well when you're a god and you have priests all over the planet on your side."  Apollo sat down in his chair and took a big sip of his green ambrosia.  "The Draco, on the other hand.  They managed to slip into society far more easily than anyone gave them credit for."
"How so?"  Acastus took a sip.
"It's been a couple of millennia, so you may not know about the bombings of temples … the archon back then tried to blame them on the Thirteenth Tribe."
Acastus shook his head.  "So many thousands of years worth of history.  I haven't a clue about so much of it."
"Understandable," Apollo said.  "What other questions do you have?"
"Honestly, Lord …" he stopped himself.  "Apollo, I have … too many questions right now, I think.  I can't even form another one into a sentence."
"I understand."  Apollo downed the rest of his drink and set the glass on the table.
Acastus breathed in and out slowly, trying to calm his beating heart.  "History aside, now that I know the truth … why tell me?"
Apollo smiled and leaned forward.  "Because I need you."  Acastus' eyebrows lifted and Apollo finished, "There's a lot of work for us to do."

END OF BOOK TWO
IN BOOK THREE: THE FINAL EXODUS …

The people had huddled together on the floor of grass and on the shores of the nearby river, waiting to board their vessel.  The great ship Galleon now stood open, accepting the refugees.  They brought with them as much of their worldly possessions as they could hold, though most had nothing but for what they carried in their hearts.  Large and small, they began to move.  Lining up, they told the attendants their names and heritage as if this was their sole possession; a final piece of Kobol they would not leave behind.  They were ready.  
On the Cliffs of Aragon, the gods bore witness to the gathering below.  They watched as each member of each tribe walked up the gantry, turning only once to say farewell to the Lords they knew they would never see again.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS

First off, many thanks to Ronald D. Moore, David Eick and everyone else involved with Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  Needless to say, their work is among the greatest ever produced for television and has been inspiring.  And thanks to Glen A. Larson for creating the whole franchise in the first place.
Thanks also to Bear McCreary and his gang of musicians.  His soundtrack for Galactica, while nearly nine and a half hours long, provided many weeks and months of enjoyment and mood setting.  When rereading this book, there are some chapters I can't look over without hearing that iconic music.
Thanks also to the following authors and their books: Athenaze: An Introduction to Ancient Greek (Maurice Balme & Gilbert Lawall), Classical Myth (Barry Powell), The Science of Battlestar Galactica (Patrick DiJusto & Kevin Grazier - thanks also to Kevin for occasionally answering my questions personally) and Beyond Caprica: A Visitors Pocket Guide to the Twelve Colonies (Bob Harris).
Website-wise, several sites were very helpful, including the ancient Greek section of BehindTheName.com, the detailed maps available at NationMaster.com, Impact: Earth! (purdue.edu/impactearth/), Wikipedia.org and BattlestarWiki.org.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com – This blog serves as a kind of "DVD Special Features" section for my books.  You'll find art, stories about the writing of the novels, and much more.

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III:

Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution


Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

