Lost, and Far from Home

A Story By
Philip R Benge

Smashwords Edition

***************

Published by
Philip R Benge on Smashwords

Lost, and Far from Home
Copyright Philip R Benge 2017
Cover photo by Steve Jurvetson 2017

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author`s imagination and used fictitiously.

Contents
Chapter One: The Planet Malletta
Chapter Two: Misha finds a Starship
Chapter Three: The Neanderthal Planet
Chapter Four: The Planet Vanaheimr
Chapter Five: Inside the Holy Mountain
Chapter Six: The Planet Breidablik
Chapter Seven: Return to New Caledonia
Other books by the Author

Chapter One

The Planet Malletta

It was the year 2429 and Ray Summers had not had a very good year, and it was not due to get any better. He had just kicked the console that housed the thruster controls in the hope that the tried and tested method would prove fruitful, however, the thrusters only stuttered in response as first one and then another of his thrusters faded out and then came back on. He then prayed hard to a god that he did not believe in, and then fought with the joystick as his small freighter swayed violently. Then the craft dipped dangerously to starboard and began to spiral quickly down towards the ground, for the forward starboard vertical thruster had failed. With the Stardrive working only at twenty per cent, their airspeed was now far too slow to take the ship back into space, or even to keep the heavy starship airborne. Ray feared that they would crash in the hills, lost and soon forgotten by all, the locals would be happy though, as they pillaged anything they thought they could sell to the captains of the starships at Malletta spaceport.
“Johnny.” Ray screamed over the ship`s intercom. “What is happening back there? We need the forward starboard thruster now, or we will hit the ground hard, and the ground beneath us is mostly of the vertical kind, we will not survive.”
“I am trying Ray, but the system is coming apart back here, you need to get us down now, no matter where it is.” Johnny Anderson screamed back. “And don`t bother me again until we have safely landed, I am busy back here.”
Johnny screamed loudly at another relay that was refusing to work and then complained even louder to himself.
“It`s all right Ray complaining to me, but he is the one in the comfortable seat, me, I am the one being thrown around a room filled with things just willing and able to hurt a hard-working starship`s engineer.”
Johnny complaints had been made to the walls of the starship`s engine room, for he and Ray were the sole crew members aboard the starship, they did not earn enough to pay for even one more person.
The console that housed the power crystals was crackling, and when Johnny opened the console, sparks shot at him making him slam it shut and hastily retreat from it. Miraculously power now returned to the starboard thrusters, and to lessen the load on the power crystals, he turned off anything not essential to landing, such as their environmental systems. The Stardrive was now down to fifteen percent power, and on the verge of failing, if it failed before they had landed then they were toast. The heat was now beginning to rise without any environmental system, mostly because it was nearing one hundred degrees outside, and getting hotter.
With the starboard thrusters now working, Ray managed to keep their craft high enough above the ground to miss the hills that surrounded the spaceport on all sides, shaving off any vegetation that got in their way. Finally, they were clear of the hills with the spaceport of Malletta in sight, and breathing a sigh of relief Ray took the starship down in a long circular flight towards the hard ground far beneath them. The reason for this was he did not want to put too much stress on their vertical thrusters, in case they all decided to fail, and with their Stardrive about to give up that would prove fatal. However, they continued to function until the craft was inches from the ground, then the craft lost all power amid a small explosion in engineering, and landed with a crash that should have caused everyone in the spaceport to hasten towards them. However, it did not, for at Malletta spaceport they were used to such things, for many of the spacecraft that used its facilities were in urgent need of a service and replacement parts, even if all they got was spit and a prayer.

**********

Ray was twenty-five years in age, all of them spent in space, considered good looking with a slim build that appeared muscular under his shirt. Some had learned to rethink their first opinion as to his actual strength, which was, when push came to shove, strong enough to take care of many of the hard cases that he had encountered. He was almost six foot tall with grey eyes and a mass of brown hair. It could take a while for you to win his trust, but he was loyal to his friends, but a fierce enemy to those who went up against him. He was also an optimist to the end, not yet a cynic as most skippers were who competed for cargo in the systems around the planet Malletta. He had inherited the spacecraft, the freighter Sirius Star, when his parents had retired to live in a small village on the planet New Caledonia, a blue and white planet that had been colonised by Earth 209 years ago. Now though his parents were dead, they had died in a virulent epidemic just last year, and the only family that he now had was Johnny, a loyal and trusted friend.
The freighter was much in need of TLC; it had been even when his father was its captain. One week earlier, he had realised that he needed to risk everything if he were to amass enough credits to make his craft space worthy, or else see it fail its next safety inspection. The trip to the planet Malletta was intended to do just that, for there had been talk amongst the bars on the space station Tortuga that Dylithium crystals were to found in its highlands, although locating them could prove to be very dangerous, as the locals were not friendly. The crystals had been so named because the scientist who had discovered them was a fan of old science fiction movies, and of one series of movies in particular, where the power source of starships was Dylithium crystals.
Tortuga orbited a moon in the New Caledonia planetary system, and just like the island that it was named after, it was a free port of call for the captains and crews of the spacecraft that operated near enough to make use of its facilities. One of its benefits was that it operated without any interference from the Earth police, who were kept far too busy with their work in the Sol solar system; however, like its namesake, it was a rather rough place to visit. As for the government on New Caledonia, they were too busy running the planet to worry about a space station that governed itself, one that stopped any known pirate from using its services.

**********

Ray rushed back to the engine room to check on Johnny, worried that he might have been injured or even killed in the explosion. He found him sitting there looking rather despondent and just about all in.
“Are you all right Johnny, what the hell exploded back here?” Ray asked, and seeing that his friend looked to be uninjured, he added angrily, forgetting his previous concerns for his friend. “Shouldn`t you be fixing whatever blew, you never know when we will need to blast off from this sort of spaceport?”
“No problem, Ray, if you will just tell me where you put the spare Dylithium crystals, because our set is cooked and only fit for the bin.” Johnny replied glumly. “Unless of course you can find some half decent ones in our massive stores. If not, then we are stranded on this dog awful planet for eternity.”
Ray knew that their so-called stores was merely a dusty shelf with just a few reconditioned parts that Johnny had managed to recycle. Nether the less, Ray was always the optimist, and so he rushed over to the console that held the power crystals in the hope of disproving his glum friend`s words. However, on opening it he saw that his friend had been correct; the crystals were burnt out and broken, and without any hope of repair, unless one happened to be a god.
“There are all destroyed Johnny, all of them.” Ray lamented.
“Then it is even more important that you find some more on this dust hole of a planet. What about that fancy device Professor Wentzler gave you, did it work?” Johnny asked more in hope than anything else.
“It seemed to Johnny, it was flashing and whirring nicely as we moved over the highlands towards the spaceport, however, I have not had the chance to check the data, come on, let`s see if the old boy`s device came up with anything.” Ray replied sounding optimistic and a little happier.
Professor Wentzler was a geologist, once he had been a much-respected one, now though he lived on New Caledonia after falling out with the authorities on Earth; it was over their putting profit before the life of the miners working on the moons in orbit around the planets of the Sol system. Now, he worked tirelessly to improve the lives of the poor and the disadvantaged, through either their sex or their beliefs, and who lived on the planet Malletta, where they had just landed.
When they reached the small bridge on the starship, Ray found to his relief that the main computer still had some power left in its batteries. He immediately checked to see if any data found by the geology scanner had been recorded, it had, and what it showed indicated a large area where the crystals were to be found, and all up in the highlands far above the spaceport.
“We will never be able to take the Sirius Star up there in its present state, in any case it is either too rocky up there, that or it is covered in thick vegetation.” Ray declared glumly. “And to take the shuttlecraft will tip off the authorities that we are up to something, and they will take a very large cut out of anything that we find.”
“I am sorry Ray, but I could never travel over that sort of terrain, you will have to go alone.” Johnny apologised. “Unfortunately, you cannot take the risk of asking any of the captains to be found in this spaceport for assistance, they would just as likely stab you in the back as soon as you found any of the crystals.”
“Don`t fret Johnny, I will be all right, I will buy one of those Mallettan horses and tell the locals that I want to explore the highlands. I will be an ornithologist wanting to document the bird life up there.” Ray replied. “After our cargo is collected by the wholesaler that is, he should be here soon, it’s a pity that we have already spent our fee, otherwise we could have purchased some refurbished crystals here.”
The wholesaler turned up late in the afternoon, and one hour later their main cargo hold was empty, save for their old shuttlecraft, one dating back even before the Sirius Star.
“Now we can concentrate on replacing our Dylithium crystals, thankfully, the professor`s device seemed to work perfectly, the trip should not take me more than one week, if I am delayed Johnny, you will have to go the port authority`s office and pay for a few more days.”
“Just do not be too long Ray, our funds are dwindling fast, and god knows what we will have to do if you cannot find any crystals. And you be sure to watch your back; the locals distrust all strangers even more than they distrust each other.” Johnny warned.
“My having learnt their language should help me Johnny, but initially I will keep that to myself, then I just might learn if they are planning to cheat me, or even kill me.” Ray said.
“It is too late to set off now Ray, better leave it until tomorrow, get an early start in the morning.” Johnny said.
Ray nodded his agreement as he turned about and made for the ship`s galley, here he helped himself to a hot cup of coffee, at least they still had some electricity in the ship`s main battery packs, for the moment, and the solar panels should re-charge them. They might just need it if things did not go exactly to plan.
Early the next morning, and after packing a week’s survival rations, some soap and a collapsible crate to pack the hoped-for crystals in, Ray took leave of his friend, and after donning a wide brimmed hat he looked the image of Indiana Jones.
“See you in a week`s time Johnny, or maybe even sooner if all goes well.”
“Do not allow yourself to get side tracked Ray, you keep out of trouble, do you hear me? Straight there and then straight back here.” Johnny called after him, a worried frown appearing on his face as he blamed his old tired body for his not being able to accompany his friend.
Ray called into the port authority`s office before starting his long trek, here he paid for a week`s port dues, telling the officials that he wanted to make some essential repairs to his vessel before looking for a cargo and then departing. The man in charge of the office, the Port Master, had smiled at him, given him a receipt for the payment, and then said.
“I hope that you enjoy your stay on our beautiful world Senor.”
“I thank you sir.” Ray replied and smiled at the official as he took his leave of the spaceport`s only office.
After leaving the spaceport, Ray walked to the edge of the town, to the market place, here he wandered around the market until he found the man selling amongst other things a Tarragona, a horse-like creature that had the feet and the stomach of a goat. It took some haggling but, in the end, he beat the seller down to two Mallettan gold pieces, to both the seller and at the moment, Ray, a sizable amount. The Mallettan gold piece being made mostly from nickel, but with some gold thrown in to give it its value.

**********

The first part of his trip took him North, straight up into the highlands above the spaceport, and it took him the best part of the day, at first the going had been easy but rather hot and dry, although a cool sea blowing down from the mountains to the east helped to cool him. The way took him along a dusty trail, and his butt soon began to hurt, due to riding on the hard Mallettan saddle. On the way he constantly had to wave away the flies that the smelly Tarragona seem to attract in plague proportions, biting at whatever part of him or the animal that they could reach. After he had passed into the forest region, the flies were smaller and fewer in numbers, bringing him some sense of relief, but here it rained on him, which at least drove off even the most persistent of insects. However, afterwards, with the breeze blocked by the many trees of the forest; it became more humid, when it was not raining. With the rain holding off for the present, and the sun breaking through the clouds, his wet clothes began to dry, to some degree, unfortunately, the flies returned to bother him and his mount. Finally, he was within hours of his destination, and with both him and the Tarragona feeling tired, Ray decided that they needed to rest up. He stopped on the crest of a small hill overlooking an equally small town of about fifty buildings with a scattering of shanty homes erected at the eastern edge of the town. He noticed that there was an inn in the town`s main square, but was undecided as to whether to camp out or take advantage of whatever comfort might be found within the inn, he decided to investigate before coming to a decision.
He tied his Tarragona up to the rail that stood outside of the inn, and walked up to the bat swing doors, the smell of sweat, tobacco and cheap beer met him as he pushed the doors open, but at least it was kept cool by the large ceiling fan that was kept moving by a punkawallah sitting against one of the walls. As soon as Ray entered the inn, all conversation stopped, the only noise was that of the rope rubbing against the pivot as it operated the ceiling fan. Ignoring the attention his presence had brought, he looked around the inn, opposite the punkawallah, who was a young man who lived in one of the shanty homes, there was a long bar against which six men were drinking, and some of the locals were smoking a foul-smelling weed. A couple of the tables were occupied by more of the locals, however, Ray walked to the middle of the long bar, and looking at the barman he asked in extremely poor Mallettan for a cold beer. The barman looked at Ray, and Ray knew just what the man was thinking. ‘More trouble, off worlders always caused trouble; they seem to bring out the worst in the local hard cases.’
Alert for that trouble, Ray downed half of his drink in one go, at least in was of a passable quality, and it was cold, he put the glass against his forehead and savoured the cool of the glass against his skin, however, before he had enough time to take another mouthful of his beer, he heard a voice.
“What are you doing way up here off-worlder, your place is in the spaceport, not intruding on our privacy.” One of the local hard cases asked in halting English while poking Ray`s chest with a very sharp finger, for Ray had turned to see who was speaking.
Ray decided to let the hard poking finger go, this time.
“I am up here to investigate your birdlife friend; I am an ornithologist.” Ray replied friendly.
“A horny what, off-worlder? You will not find any of those up here to interest you, piss off back to the spaceport before I kick your arse all the way back down the hill.” The hard case threatened angrily.
Behind the hard case, a young boy was making his way across the room, he was carrying some local produce in his hands, all of which he had managed to barter for with the owner of the bar. He was ten years old and quite thin, this was due to his hard life, and his eyes were locked to his feet to avoid the eyes of the locals, in case they noticed him. However, as he was passing one of the tables, he was tripped by a young man, one who considered himself something of a wit; this sent the boy sprawling against the hard case, who spilt his beer all over his clothes and the floor. Angry, he whirled around and after snarling at the boy, he backhanded him, sending crashing to the floor, his shopping skidding across the floor to the delight of the wit and his cronies.
The hard case was just about to boot the boy when Ray put a hand on the hard case’s shoulder and pulled him around to meet Ray`s left fist which crashed into the hard case’s jaw, sending him back into his cronies, who stopped him from falling to the floor.
“Right, off-worlder, you asked for this.” The hard case declared with a sneer. “You are going to pay dearly for that.”
The locals laugh in anticipation of seeing the off-worlder pummelled into a bleeding heap upon the floor. The man swung a heavy punch at Ray, that had it landed would have finished the fight as far as Ray was concerned; unfortunately for the man it missed by a mile. Ray stepped in towards the hard case and hit the man hard in his stomach, the man grunted and doubled up in pain, and Ray finished the fight by rabbit punching the man on the back of his neck. Even as the man fell to the floor unconscious, Ray pulled out his energy weapon, and stepping towards the door of the inn, he aimed the weapon in the general direction of the locals.
“Don`t move friends, or I might think that you are reaching for a weapon, and then I will have to shoot you.” Ray threatened in halting Mallettan while tossing a handful of coins onto the bar to pay for his drink.
The locals froze even as they went to reach for their own weapons, the speed that he had drawn his weapon, coupled to the ease that he had taken care of the hard case, meant that they gave Ray the respect that they now thought he was due.
The boy had gotten to his feet and collected his shopping, then he had run to the door, opening it he looked out to check of it was safe to leave. “It`s all clear Mister, there is no one outside.” The boy called back to Ray.
Ray backed out of the bar and quickly swung up onto his Tarragona, reaching down he said to the boy.
“Climb up quickly son, I will give you a lift back to your home.” Ray said leaning over and offering his hand to pull the boy up.
The boy smiled and grabbed a hold of Ray’s hand while gripping his shopping tightly in the other hand. Ray then pulled him up and deposited the boy behind him, and then he dug his heals into the sides of his animal, which caused it to move off at speed.
“Sir, your knowledge of our language seems to have improved suddenly?” The boy asked Ray quizzically.
“It depends upon who I am speaking to son? Now which way do you want to go?” Ray replied.
“Straight ahead sir, my sister is waiting for me just outside of the town; she reckoned that the risk was too great for her to enter the town without a chaperone.”
Ray knew that women over the age of twelve were forbidden to leave the house unless accompanied by an adult male, and he thought that the boy was at least six years away from being considered an adult.
“What is your name son?” Ray asked as he turned to check that none of the locals had decided to chance their luck.
“Tomas, sir.” Tomas replied.
“Well, my name is Ray, not sir, Okay?” Ray said.
The young boy smiled at his new friend.
“Yes, Ray.” Tomas replied.
They had soon left the town behind them and were turning off to the west, away from the direction that Ray wanted to take, which was north.
“How do you survive Tomas, you and your sister?” Ray enquired.
“We have our flock of katsikes; they provide us with milk, wool and some of our meat. We trade the wool to the town`s people for items that we cannot get off the land.” Tomas replied.
The katsikes were a cross between a sheep and a goat, able to eat almost anything as well as giving the shepherd some first-class milk and wool.
“How far away is your sister Tomas?” Ray asked not wanting to take too long a detour away from his own destination.
He was answered when what appeared to be a youth stepped out from behind a tree.
“Who is that you are with Tomas?” His sister asked fearfully.
“This is Ray, he is our friend, he saved me from a beating from one of the locals.” Tomas replied slipping down from the back of the Tarragona. “Ray this is my sister Nymah.”
The girl edged forward, a little warily, as she only saw an adult male, which in her world spelt trouble for an unaccompanied female.
“Hallo, Nymah, good to meet you, I would stay to chat but I am heading up into the highlands, and I need to find a suitable camp now that the inn is no longer a good choice.”
Nymah looked at the stranger and smiled, for Ray`s words had taken the edge off her initial suspicions. “Of course, sir, maybe on your return trip we can talk further and I can repay your kindness by cooking a meal for you.”
“I might well take you up on that Nymah, goodbye, and Tomas, take care.” Ray said as he turned his Tarragona back along the trail.
“Goodbye and watch out for the locals Ray, none of them are to be trusted.”
As Tomas watched his new friend riding off, he felt a little sad, Nymah though was mostly relieved, for she did not trust any male, except for her brother of course.

**********

Ray pushed on up into the highlands for an hour, he had left the forest behind him, his way taking him through a broken countryside filled mostly with rocks, hardy shrubs and long dry looking grasses. He came to a small pool fed by a small mountain stream, here he allowed his animal to drink, and when his animal was sated, he turned off the main trail and went down a narrow animal trail, he stopped five minutes along it when he came to an area recently cleared of vegetation by the local grazers.
The sun was already beginning to set as he made up a cold camp, he ate some survival rations, drank some water and fed his Tarragona, and after laying out his bedroll turned in for the night, which passed by uneventfully. After a good night`s sleep, Ray woke to another fine day, for breakfast he had some more survival rations along with some water, rather than risk giving his position away by making a fire to brew some coffee, for he was not too popular with the locals. He then broke camp and moved further up into the highlands, reaching the area that Professor Wentzler’s machine had indicated that Dylithium crystals were to be found.
Hitching up his Tarragona to a stunted tree, after ensuring that it could move into the shade offered by a nearby cliff, Ray prepared to begin prospecting for the crystals. He took out from his pack a specially adapted Geiger counter, one set by Professor Wentzler to react to Dylithium crystals alone, he then moved off down a narrow gully waiting for his machine to squawk. The gully soon deepened into a ravine, and as he progressed along it, he came upon the entrance to a cave, the interior being deep in shadow, and his machine told him that there were Dylithium crystals inside the cave. If so then his trip would be shorter than he had feared, maybe they could be away from Malletta before the week was up.
He hung his Geiger counter around his neck, pulled out his flashlight, which he carried in his left hand; and in his right hand, he held his energy weapon, just in case the cave was inhabited by one of the more dangerous creatures of this world. Ray stopped at the entrance to the cave and swung his flashlight around the interior, he stopped when the beam alighted upon a large cat-like creature, it looked to be a cross between a tiger and a lion, and it did not appreciate his company. The large cat snarled as him, jumping down from the ledge that it had been resting on. The cat turned its head away from the powerful beam from the flashlight, which Ray had kept pointing directly at its eyes, but it still moved indirectly towards him, growling all the time, and then it emitted a ferocious roar that froze Ray for an instant. However, before it could take advantage of the fact and charge at Ray, he fired his weapon, the energy bolt hitting it directly between its eyes and killing it instantly. Ray walked across to it, to inspect the once magnificent creature, he could not have taken the chance on merely stunning it, for it could have awoken while he was busing mining the crystals and pounced upon him. To scare the cat away from the cave could have seen it eat his transport, no, although he did not like to do it, this time he did not think that he had been offered any other choice.
On taking this moment to look at the interior of the cave, Ray saw that it was huge, with signs that its previous owner had feasted here for a year or more. The main cave was roughly circular and went back some thirty feet; Ray could see at least two small tunnels leading off from the rear wall. In height, it rose to thirty feet in the centre of the cave, and at the rear left-hand corner, he could see a rough way up that led to a circular hole through which he could see the blue sky. Ray was glad that he had the Geiger counter with him or else, depending on where the rear tunnels led, it could have taken him some time to locate the riches that he sought.
The Geiger counter initially led him into one of the narrow tunnels, and it was here that he saw, nestled within a large niche, a cluster of Dylithium crystals. Taking off his backpack, he pulled out a laser cutting tool and set to work. It was slow going but he soon had nine of the precious crystals packed away carefully within his case, and by the end of the day, he had a full two dozen. This was more than enough to power his starship, keep two as spares, and sell two of the remaining crystals to cover the cost of the repairs that he had long wanted to make on the Sirius Star. However, the rest would go to Professor Wentzler, the professor`s larger share would be spent on the deprived people of the planet Malletta, he could do nothing for the tens of millions on Earth, probably more, but here he could make a difference.
Ray spent the night within the cave, enjoying the comfort of a campfire, and a hot coffee, the smoke of his fire drifting up and disappearing through the hole in its roof. The following morning, he was on the way back down from the highlands, within two days he hoped to be back aboard his starship with a crate full of Dylithium crystals. The way down was easier for the Tarragona, and he reached his earlier camping site and rested up there for the night. Setting off the next morning at first light, Ray soon arrived at the junction that either went down to the town where he had fought the local hard case, or towards Tomas` cave and a dinner invitation. From behind a large rock Tomas jumped out onto the trail, he was directly in front of Ray causing him to pull back sharply on the reins of his Tarragona, Tomas looked scared and a little dishevelled.
“Ray, you must help me, he has taken Nymah, you have to help me to free her.” Tomas cried desperately.
“Taken your sister, Tomas, who has and why?” Ray demanded to know, knowing that he was probably about to break his promise to Johnny, which was not to get involved in something that did not directly concern him, and for the second time on this trip.
“Misha has, he is one of the elders from our old village, he recognised Nymah when we were out watching over our katsikes.” Tomas explained. “Last year he attempted to buy her from our parents; it was just before our parents were murdered by a traveller. Fearing that Misha would return and take her for a wife, we fled from our home taking what we could carry or load upon our handcart.”
“So, he kidnapped her and intends to force her to marry him?” Ray asked angrily, wanting to ensure that he had heard correctly.
“Not quite Ray, in our land over the hills it is forbidden for a young woman to live alone. If she does not have an adult male relative, any man can take her into his home for protection and after her thirteenth birthday, he can marry her, if he wants to do so. The woman has no say in the matter; it is so ordained in our religion.” Tomas explained. “He is old and vicious Ray, you must help me to free her, for in two days’ time Nymah will be thirteen, and once she is within the home of Misha, he is allowed to marry her there and then.”
“You’re saying that what he has done is within the law, surely not Tomas?” Ray asked incredulously.
“It is correct, Ray, and to make matters worse we both believe that it was Misha who was responsible for our parents’ death, to get hold of Nymah.” Tomas replied now almost in tears.
Thinking that Ray would refuse to go against the law of this world, Tomas now added something else, something that he hoped would make Ray decide to assist him.
“Ray, the direction that Misha took will also lead you down to the spaceport, for you cannot go through the village, the villagers know what you really came for Ray, the crystals in your crate, I heard them talking about you and they intend to rob you of them, either within the town or when you leave.”
“You do not need to embellish your argument Tomas, I had already decided to help you free Nymah, I was just thinking of a way to explain why I went back on the promise I made to my friend, which was not to take sides in any of the local disputes.”
Tomas flung himself at Ray and held him tightly against his small body. “Thank you, Ray; I knew that you would not leave Nymah a prisoner of that evil old murderer.”
“Hop up Tomas, let`s get your sister back.” Ray said leaning down and putting out his hand to assist his young friend. “How long a lead does Misha have?”
“I escaped from him this morning Ray, but he will not be able to move fast in his wagon, it is weighed down with trade goods along with the goods that he bartered for in the town and among the many homesteads along the trail down to the spaceport.” Tomas gasped out.
“I was to be his bond servant, a hostage to ensure that Nymah obeyed him, he had me tied and bound in his wagon, however, he did not find my knife, I keep it in a sheaf attached to my arm. I managed to get it out of its sheaf and cut the ropes binding me.” Tomas replied looking very proud of himself. “Unfortunately, I could not free Nymah because he had her chained to the inside of the wagon. I was lucky in that he only had enough chain for Nymah, otherwise, I too would have been chained up. By the time that I was free he too was awake, and with his rifle slung over his shoulder, therefore all that I could do was run, run and try to find you Ray.” Tomas lamented.
“You did really well Tomas, by escaping from him you did find me, and now it is payback time.” Ray replied.
With young Tomas aboard, Ray turned his Tarragona to the west and along the trail that took them back into the hills, the forest once more growing thinner, becoming rocky with grasses and sparse shrubs prevailing, ideal land for the children to tend to their flock of katsikes. They camped that night at the cave that was home to Tomas and Nymah, and inside, within an inner cave, were their katsikes, they had returned of their own accord to the safety offered by the cave, and had been feasting on the fodder brought in by the children, and drinking out of a bucket of water.
“We made good time today, Tomas, we should catch sight of the wagon sometime tomorrow morning.” Ray said.
“Tomorrow, I will introduce Misha to my knife, Ray, as you said it will be payback time.” Tomas said with an evil look disfiguring his young innocent face.
“Hold on there, Tomas, I do not go in for torture or murder, when I said payback time I meant in a more humane way, one that Misha will not forget, and nor will the people of your old village.” Ray said hastily.
Ray had been a little shocked by Tomas` response, and he for one had no wish to be put on trial for murder the next time that he called on Malletta, although he sympathised with the young boy, for the boy had lost both of his parents, and now his sister had been kidnapped.
“You must remember Tomas that you have no evidence that Misha actually did murder your parents, and as for Nymah, you say that his actions are backed by the law of the land, no matter how despicable we may think them.”
Tomas merely scowled in response and there followed an awkward silence, one only broken when Ray pulled out some of his survival rations for their supper, rations that Tomas found quite palatable, which clearly indicated to Ray the hard life led by the young boy.
The sun had not even risen by the time Ray and Tomas had breakfasted and mounted the Tarragona, they set off as the sun finally showed itself, lighting up their way ahead, even if it almost blinded them as they rode towards it. Two hours later and they saw a covered wagon climbing the rise just five minutes ahead of them, luckily, the driver of the wagon had not seen them, for they were in the shadow cast by a giant Pisapia tree. Ray stopped here for a moment to allow the wagon to begin its descent down the other side of the hill.
“Tomas, is there anymore rope on the wagon?”
“Yes, Ray, he has a large coil of it inside the wagon, why?”
“Because my young friend, we will need it to tie Misha up, it will ensure that he does not get home too soon and return with his friends.”
They moved off in silence, soon they too were cresting the hill, and there, stopped at the bottom of the hill, was the wagon. They saw Misha busy repacking some of his goods that had come loose; Ray pulled out his energy weapon and sent the Tarragona charging down the hill. Misha looked up in fear, his first thought was to reach for his rifle, however, as he did so Ray pulled up beside him and forced the old man against the side of the wagon, his foot pressing hard against Misha`s back. Ray slid down from his mount and took the rifle that was under the seat of the wagon and put it out of reach of Misha, just in case the old man was tempted to try for it, pushing it within the goods that filled the wagon.
Tomas in the meantime had dismounted and climbed inside of the wagon, when Nymah saw him, she cried out in joy. “Tomas, you have come for me.” Nymah said. “But how Tomas, how could you best Misha with only your knife?” Nymah asked incredulously.
“Ray is with me Nymah, he has taken Misha prisoner.” Tomas crowed.
Outside of the wagon, Misha was looking up at Ray and threatening him.
“You will pay dearly for your actions off-worlder; you will not leave this planet alive.” Misha promised although he feared for his own life, for the off-worlders were noted for their barbarity.
Ray searched Misha and found the key to the lock that held Nymah a prisoner; he called to Tomas and when the boy appeared he threw the key to him. Then he marched Misha to the nearside Tarragona that was pulling the wagon along with another one, and he threatened him.
“If you wish to live Misha, get up on the animal, but sit looking at the wagon.”
Misha began to argue until he saw the large hunting knife appear beneath his nose, he then did as he was told, although it was a bit of a struggle with Ray having to assist him. Tomas dashed up with a length of rope, and Ray cut a length off and tied Misha`s hands behind his back. With this done, he then proceeded to tie Misha`s feet together, with the rope lashed under the animal`s stomach. He finished off by tying Misha`s hands to the tongue of the wagon.
When Tomas and Nymah emerged from the wagon they both laughed at the evil old man, and then at Ray`s bequest, Nymah wrote a message to whoever came across Misha, it said, Murderer, Kidnapper, Pervert.
Ray mulled over his next move, to one side of the track thick canes of bamboo were growing; he smiled as cut two of the younger and more supple canes off, for he had an idea. He then tied two carrots, which he found within the draft animals` food sack, one to each stick, and then he tied the sticks to the animals’ bridles. It was as he was occupied with this that Ray noticed the two children were looking avariciously at the goods within the wagon.
“Kids, I am not a thief and nor should you be, take whatever belongs to you but leave he rest alone.”
They grudgingly pulled their light packs from the wagon and got down; seeing how annoyed they were at not being able to revenge themselves on Misha, he told them to slap both of the draft animals hard on their rear, and this they did with relish. Ray and the children laughed as the two beasts set off down the trail, heading for their home, moving ever forward as they continually attempted to reach the carrots dangling just inches away from their mouths, for the Tarragona are rather silly animals.
With that, he set the two children upon the back of his animal, while he walked in front of them with the reins in his hand, and in this way, they walked back towards their cave.
The sun was setting by the time they arrived back at the cave, Ray was exhausted from the long walk, due to living most of his life aboard the confines of a small starship, the two children were not much better off, being unused to travelling upon the Tarragona. However, Ray considered himself to be the most tired one amongst them, so he said to the two children.
“Tomas, you can build a small fire, Nymah, will you prepare a meal for us, as for me I am going to rest my poor aching legs.”
The two children did not complain, for their backsides were sore after riding on their mount for six hours, so they happily began their chores. Nymah was at the back of the outer cave, she was washing some vegetables that she had gathered yesterday morning in preparation for a soup, which now included amongst other things, the meat of the local rabbit. Tomas had caught it in one of his traps. They had found it there that evening, when they had left the trail and made their way over the hillside to their cave.
Ray had taken his energy weapon from its holster and set it down on the large rock that the children used as a table, around the table were four uncomfortable looking wooden chairs. Nymah in turn had moved the weapon over to a ledge against the far wall in preparation for laying the table, for the children had brought many things from their home, including knives and forks and of course the chairs. They had carried them upon a handcart, when they had fled their village, and in the dead of night to escape prying eyes. Nymah smiled, for she was remembering the times her mother had moved her father`s things from the table, in preparation for her family`s meal, every day her mother did this, and never once did she complain.
Due to the problems that he had faced over the last few days, Tomas had not brought in any fresh dry firewood and tinder for the fire, so he was out in the forest searching for some. Before he had time to find any, and to bring it back to the cave, a powerful animal crept into the cave entrance, it was a Tarsier, a strange looking animal that was a cross between a lion and a porcupine. Seeing the young human female at the back of the cave, it prepared to attack her. Ray saw the animal immediately it entered the cave, and he reached for his weapon, then to his dismay he saw that it was gone, then he saw it, but it was on the other side of the cave. Knowing that he could not get to it, he picked up a long wooden spear, one that Tomas had made for the children’s` defence, it was leaning against the wall beside him. However, the Tarsier noticed movement to its side and turned to confront the possible danger, seeing an adult male, one who was armed; it launched itself against Ray. However, Ray was already launching his own attack, he thrust the spear into the throat of the powerful carnivore, the sharp flint tip driving into the animal’s vitals, the beast emitting a terrible cry of pain just before it died. However, it was not before the animal had fired two of its spines at Ray, one flew passed his head but the other one entered Ray`s upper arm.
Nymah froze when she saw the Tarsier, then for a second, she smiled when she saw Ray kill the terrible creature, however, she screamed when she saw the spine sticking in Ray`s arm. Tomas was already running back to the cave having heard the death cries of the Tarsier, his arms still full of firewood.
“It`s no big deal Nymah, I have survived worse than this.” Ray declared smiling at the young girl as he pulled out the sharp spine.
With that he collapsed to the floor, unconsciousness, it was due to the poison on the animal`s spines, a useful weapon for both defence or attack.
Nymah immediately got control of her emotions, she turned to Tomas who had just entered the cave.
“Tomas go to the mouth of the cave and pick some fresh Tarascan, some Lysis and some Merrygold, it is to make a potion with, I will prepare the poultice, quickly or Ray will die.
Tomas looked for but an instant at Ray`s slumped figure, then he rushed for the cave`s entrance, with Nymah close behind him, and out into the forest, where he and Nymah went about their urgent tasks. Nymah returned first with a large piece of moss upon which she had smeared many foul looking things, which smelled even worse than they looked. Nymah put the poultice onto the wound, which had already turned a nasty shade of red. Tomas now returned, after closing the outside gate into their cave to stop any more unwelcome guests, he carried with him the herbs that he had collected, ones that had to be freshly picked if they were to work. Nymah took them and crushed then in a stone bowl. When she was satisfied with the result, she added some dried herbs to the mix and then a liquid that was squeezed from the White Night flower. She poured it into a beaker and slowly poured the potion into Ray`s mouth. When Ray had drunk all of the potion, Nymah turned to Tomas.
“We can only wait and pray now Tomas, that god will give him back his life.”
Their work was not done though, first they put a pillow under Ray`s head, for the floor of the cave was hard, then they covered his body with a warm blanket, finally Nymah felt his forehead and found that he already had a fever. To get the fever down she put a cloth onto Ray`s forehead, upon which she had poured the juice of the Linnet fruit, for the fruit of the Linnet was known to the women of the planet to aid recovery, for it gradually took the heat out of whatever it touched.
Nymah then went over everything that she had done, and finally, satisfied with her work; she turned to her brother and asked him to make a fire. Tomas immediately began to construct a fire, and while he did this Nymah prepared their meal. Once the fire was burning nicely, Tomas picked up Ray`s energy weapon and sat on the table, in this way he would not fall asleep, for he too was tired, the energy weapon he aimed at the entrance to the cave.
Their meal was finally ready and they ate it in silence, the energy weapon on the table by Tomas` hand, when they had finished their meal, Nymah washed everything up. Nymah now unrolled her bedroll onto a rock shelf, one three feet above the floor, where it was easier to keep it clean and dry, and after instructing Tomas to wake her in four hours. Finally, she climbed up into her bed and went to sleep, for she would need her strength later. For when she awoke, she would have to do everything again, if she was to save her new friend`s life.
Tomas once again picked up Ray`s energy weapon, and again he sat on the table, to ensure that he would not fall asleep, he once again aimed the energy weapon at the entrance to the cave. On the floor beside him, Ray was in a very deep sleep, occasionally he moaned when the pain became too much for his unconscious body to bear; his life now was in the hands of two young children, only they could save him, the children and his will to live.
Four hours passed slowly for Tomas, his eyes begging to be allowed to close, but pass they did, then he woke his sister who repeated everything that she had done before. When she had done so Tomas went to his bed and slept while Nymah sat on the table on guard, with the energy weapon pointed at the entrance to the cave.
In the morning, the two tired children first attended to their patient, and only then did they wash and have a light breakfast. After everything had been cleaned and put away Nymah turned to her brother and said to him.
“Tomas, will you collect some feed for our katsikes and the Tarragona, while I will bring some water up from the spring.”
Tomas did not argue, his sister might only be a girl, he thought, but she was almost an adult, and so it was her right to give commands to a young boy. After they had both completed their tasks, and their animals were contentedly eating their food, Nymah spoke to Tomas again.
“Tomas, I do not trust Misha to leave things as they are, he will attempt to find us again, I know he will, and this time he will have some of his evil cronies along with him. Ray should have killed him; it would have settled things nicely, for we could have buried his body where no one would ever have found him.” Nymah said angrily. “However, Ray is a good man and so he refused to finish Misha off, therefore, I need you to go and stand watch above the narrow animal trail that leads down to the spaceport, but ensure that no one can see you, or he will enslave you and take me for his latest wife.”
Tomas picked up his water flask, and some fruit, and then he left the cave, hurrying quickly to the spot that his sister had spoken of, for he too feared that Misha would return with his cronies, and once there, he concealed his young body a stunted shrub. He waited for hours within the shade offered by the stunted shrub, but then, far down the track, still an hour away, he saw a party of men making their way up the steep track, and to his dismay, he saw that one of them was Misha. Tomas hastened back to his sister to report.
“They will be on the hill road within the hour, which is just a short distance away from our cave Nymah, he is sure to find us.” Tomas cried out in dismay.
“No, he will not Tomas, do not fear, he is too stupid to look this far up the hillside, no, as long as I keep the animals’ quiet, he will not suspect that we are so near to him.” Nymah assured her young brother. “You go back to the trail and find somewhere where you can listen to them, but be sure to stay hidden from them, or all will be lost.”

**********

Misha had been freed well before he had reached his village; one of his cronies had been out hunting and had come across him. Hurrying back to his house he had left his wagon and team with his servants and then proceeded to gather his cronies with the promise of riches to procure their unwavering assistance, for he too had seen the crate carried by Ray`s animal, and he thought that he knew its contents. Misha had sent four of his party, all mounted, up the road through the small town that Ray had passed through, the one where he had met with trouble, they were led by Hajiah, and he knew the two children by sight. His orders were to meet Misha on the hill road between the town and their village, and to bring the children as his prisoners and to bring the crate too, if all went well, as for the off worlder, he Hajiah could kill.
Misha initially accompanied Hajiah, but he stopped off at the spaceport, there he described Ray and enquired if he had returned yet. The official remembered Ray and after pointing out his spacecraft, he said that he had not seen the off-worlder for some time. Misha smiled, he had beaten the off-worlder to the spaceport, he would still be making his descent down from the highlands, with the crate full of crystals and, with any luck, the two children. He left another member of his village at the spaceport, to keep watch; he was to report if he saw their quarry, report by hurrying up the track that Misha was about to take. Misha was a happy man, he now took a different route to the one that Hajiah had taken, he led a party of five men, all leading their mounts for the most part, up the only other way down from the highlands to the spaceport, the way was dry and almost without any vegetation of any kind. The reason being that a large peak divided the two trails up into the highlands, blocking the rain that came from the east, the westerly wind was always hot and dry.
Misha had expected to come across Ray and the children almost immediately, his good humour left him the further up the track he was forced to travel. He finally reached the junction where the track met the narrow road that he had taken when returning to his home with Nymah, here he was met by the other team, and looking down at them and listening to their every word was Tomas.
“There is no other route that they could have taken, they must have sneaked passed us.” Hajiah lamented, seeing his chances of a rich payment fading away.
“I do not believe that Hajiah, for I kept a good watch on the trail behind us, just in case that happened, and the way is quite barren, so I would have seen them.” Misha reasoned. “And it would take a better man than an off worlder to get passed you.”
Misha was silent for a moment, thinking of how he had found Nymah just days ago, and then he said, mostly to himself.
“The children must have a camp where they corral their flock of katsikes it must be somewhere nearby, if we do not find the children with the off-worlder, then I will return here to look for them.”
Guardia, who like Misha was one of the local village councillors, shook his head as he pondered on what Misha had said.
“Misha, they could have taken the easterly trail, it is harder and slower, and why they would have chosen to take it beats me, unless they were delayed and guessed that you would try to intercept them.” Guardia surmised.
Misha looked at Guardia while he thought hard about the latest suggestion, he saw that his quarry could have taken that route, however, he doubted it, even so, it could be correct. He decided to hedge his bets, and turning to Hajiah, he said.
“Hajiah, you take your team down the eastern route, if you hurry you might still overtake them, for as Guardia says, for it is a harder way down, especially when they only have one Tarragona.
Palice, a tall gaunt man of few words, now spoke.
“Why would he take the children with him, surely he left them behind and hurried to the spaceport, he was probably watching us from his starship, watching us leave, laughing at us while we struggled up through that terrible hill country, he has probably gone by now.” He reasoned.
“No, my friend, he did not take the girl from me, not without a reason, no Palice, he has her with him, for he too wants her for his wife.” Misha replied. “You and I will return to the spaceport via our village, maybe our quarry had more intelligence than we credited him with; maybe he simply followed us down to the spaceport.”
With that the two teams departed on their different routes, with many of the men despairing of ever getting their hands on the promised riches, maybe, they thought, it would have been better to stay home and let their wives pamper them.
Tomas thought about Misha`s words, could Ray simply want Nymah for his wife? However, when he thought about the way Ray had treated them, he knew that Misha was talking nonsense, that was Misha`s way, however, Ray would never treat Nymah in such a way.

**********

Ray had been unconscious all the time that Misha and his cronies had discussed their options, when they had been so close to the cave, so close to capturing them. Within the cave, Nymah had worked hard to keep the animals quiet, she had ensured that they all had a constant supply of food and water, for she did not want one of them to start a ruckus in an attempt to make its way through the herd in its efforts to reach one or the other. Then she had returned to Ray, in case he cried out in pain and alerted their enemy to their presence. It was as Misha departed that Ray awoke to see the worried eyes of Nymah looking down at him.
“Ray, you are awake, how are you, are you feeling better.” Nymah asked excitedly just as Tomas returned.
“Ray, you are better, Nymah saved you!” Tomas exclaimed in delight.
Ray sat up, looked at the two children.
“That needle, it was poisoned!” Ray exclaimed “And you saved my life Nymah.” He then turned to Tomas. “And I bet that you helped as well my friend.”
“Yes, he did Ray, and he also watched as Misha returned to the road near to our cave with his cronies, they were searching for us, Misha wants his revenge for how you treated him” Nymah explained.
“He and his men have departed now Ray, but they have not given up their search.” Tomas said and then added. “You should have let me kill him.” This said by way of a rebuke.
“No, I should not have done my young friend, for that is how Misha acts, we do not kill without a very good reason, and certainly not in cold blood.” Ray explained while attempting to stand up and failing badly.
“Take it easy for a moment Ray; you have not fully recovered from the poison yet.” Nymah ordered. “Sit there and I will prepare a meal for all of us, maybe after you have eaten something you can try to stand, but not until then.”
“Right nurse, anything you say.” Ray replied smiling. “But can you two at least help me to a ledge to sit on; maybe put a bedroll on it for the rock in your cave is very hard.”
The two children laughed and helped Ray stagger across to the nearest ledge where he could sit on Tomas` bedroll while resting his back against the wall, only then did Tomas report in full everything that Misha and his men had said, well almost everything, for the last bit he considered to be rubbish and was best left unsaid, for it might set his sister to worrying unnecessarily.
They enjoyed a good meal, for Nymah had become quite a good cook since being forced to care for herself and her young brother, and Ray thought that the cool clear water from the spring tasted as good as wine. During the meal, Ray told the two children of his problems with his starship, and his hopes for the future, should he be successful in getting back to his starship with his crystals. He then turned the conversation to their hopes for their future.
“A man like Misha is not going to leave things as they are, he will come back looking for you Nymah, and the next time he might be successful.” Ray said grimly.
“We will move further east Ray, he never travels that far, we will be all right.” Tomas declared boldly, however, the children’s eyes told a different story, they were both scared at the mere thought of Misha.
“Are the laws different there?” Ray asked.
“No, Ray, they are the same.” Nymah replied sadly.
“Then travelling all that way, having to find another camp site, will be pointless, won`t it?” Ray asked.
The two children nodded glumly. “I suppose so Ray, but what else can we do?” Nymah asked sadly.
“On my planet Nymah, a young lady is able to decide for herself who she marries, however, she must be over the age of eighteen when she does so, and only when she wishes to.” Ray began, and after taking a second to think continued. “Nymah, I know of a couple who would love to have a son and a daughter, for they have not been lucky enough to have children of their own. If you like, you could live with them, but only if you wanted to? They are nice folks, they would treat you right and keep you safe, what do you think?” Ray ventured.
“We would have to take our flock of katsikes with us Ray, and your Tarragona too, if you would give it to us, they are our only wealth.” Tomas replied. “If we could take them along, then, as the man of the family, I might agree.” Tomas said while holding back his jubilation. “Nymah, would that be agreeable to you?” Tomas asked his sister nervously.
Nymah though had another question.
“Why couldn`t you be our new father, Ray?” Nymah asked hesitantly.
Ray nearly fell off his chair and he racked his brain for an answer that would not upset the children.
“Nymah, Tomas, I live on my starship, that is not a suitable home for you, I am always getting into trouble, like here on Malletta, the authorities on my planet simply would not allow it. Monty and Susan are good folks who have no children of their own, you will love living with them, they even have two spare rooms that you could have as your bedrooms.” Ray argued.
The two children looked at one another for a couple of seconds before nodding their agreement.
“That is settled then Ray, as long as you call upon us when you are on your planet.” Nymah replied with a smile now on her face which was matched by the one on her brother`s face.
“Of course, I will Nymah, who else would I go to if I got sick again.” Ray replied to which they all laughed.
“Now all we have to do is to get to your starship without running into Misha and his cronies.” Tomas said. “And I know a way down that they do not know about, although it is a bit hard going, and in places it can be dangerous for the unwary.” Tomas warned.
“Just a minute Tomas, my starship is lacking in more than power, it also lacks food for your animals.” Ray said for he still wanted to leave the animals behind.
“No problem, Ray, your Tarragona can carry enough fodder on its back for it to eat, and we can tie some more upon the backs of our katsikes.” Tomas replied happily. “And there is plenty of fodder on the track down to the spaceport.”
Tears now flooded the eyes of the children, for they knew the real reason behind Ray`s words, and Nymah now said.
“Ray, we cannot leave without them, they are all we have to remember our parents, they were so proud when they finally were able to purchase them.”
Ray decided to leave it there, for the children obviously would not leave without their animals, their wealth, their memories.
“In that case Kids, they must come along too.” Ray replied.
Therefore, early the next morning, even as the sun began to rise, they started their journey down from the highlands. By the route that Misha and his cronies did not know about, for it went down through a gorge that Misha thought impassable, however, the two children thought that they knew the way down, and that it would finally take them to the spaceport.
The way was hard going for them, and at time, it did seem impassable, but as they reached each obstacle, the way opened up before them. This route however, was known to some Mallettans, those who were outside of the law, who occasionally used it, but they travelled mostly by night, by day the track down was deserted.
On the way down they came across a number of springs that provided a cool drink for both themselves and their animals, and there was fodder to be cut, it replaced the food eaten by the katsikes, for they were eating the food carried on their neighbours` backs. The katsikes displayed their agility by making easy going of the trek down the gorge, even the Tarragona managed, although it took more care, no it was the humans who had the most trouble. They only had two legs each, and that meant that they had to ensure that they did not twist an ankle, or even break one.
They were at the halfway stage of their journey when the track narrowed somewhat before them, and then the ground fell away on one side, the gorge had been deepened at some stage in its history by water, followed by landslips which took large sections of the hillsides down into the river. The ground beneath their narrow track was now one hundred feet below them, and they could see a stream flowing down there as it headed towards the sea. They stopped for a moment to take in this next stage of their journey, the two children had never come this far before and they were feeling a little scared by what they saw ahead of them. However, they both knew that to go back would put a lot of strain upon the animals and themselves, and could result in Misha finding them, no, the only way was forward.
“It is six feet wide, if we take it slowly Kids, and keep to the right-hand side, it should be quite safe.” Ray said. “However, we could leave the katsikes behind if you think it too dangerous to take them with us, in this sort of country they will be okay.”
“No, we cannot do that Ray, we need them, they are all that we have.” Nymah replied for both of the children, her eyes and the set of her face, telling Ray to leave it for good this time.
“Okay then Kids, you win, the greedy woolly things can come too, come on let`s move it, but be careful.”
The children smiled when Ray`s referred to them as kids, for to Nymah it meant that she was safe, she was not almost an adult, she was but a child. As for Tomas, he too was happy that he no longer had to be strong for his sister; he hoped that now he could enjoy what remained of his childhood.
Therefore, with Ray leading the way, they made their way slowly and carefully along the narrow ledge, moving close up against the steep cliff face that stretched up above then on their right, and never venturing too close to the edge on their left, for they knew that it could easily give way under them.
Half way along this section of the ledge the Tarragona stopped walking; Tomas tried to push it along, but it was tired and wanted to rest, meaning to pull it instead, he made to move passed it, just as the animal tired of his pushing and resumed walking. However, the beast now stepped onto a loose rock and it stumbled, colliding with Tomas, who was sent flying over the edge of the cliff. He screamed in fear as he fell, his hand grabbing at everything and nothing, thankfully, his hand did manage to find something, he caught hold of the branch of a tree growing precariously out of the side of the cliff, but his safety hung in the balance. As he looked up fearfully, the branch began to tear, for it was not a very strong one, he attempted a brave smile as Ray scrambled back along the trail. Ray had a stout length of rope over his shoulder, one that he had brought with them from the children`s cave, and they in turn had taken it from Misha`s wagon without Ray noticing them, he simply thought that it was theirs, but whoever the owner, it now came in handy.
Ray looked down at the young boy; he was ten feet below him, and he seemed to be about to burst into tears. It was obvious to him that Tomas could do nothing to save himself, no, Ray would have act, and before the branch tore away, dropping Tomas to his death. He tied one end of the rope to a stout looking branch growing out of the same tree, for Tomas hung from a lower branch that hung down from the rest of the tree. Ray then tied the other end of the rope around his waist. As Nymah looked on fearfully, he edged down the chasm, climbing down hand over hand until he was hanging beside Tomas. Then holding the rope with one hand he reached out and put and arm around the frightened boy and gripped him tight, he could feel the boy`s rapidly beating heart, and to calm Tomas he said.
“I`ve got you Tomas, you will be all right as long as you do exactly what I say. Okay?” Ray asked in as cool a voice as he could manage while taking the strain of both their weights with one hand.
“Yes, Ray, I`m okay.” Tomas replied in a shaky voice that told Ray that he was far from all right.
“Okay then Tomas, I want you to climb onto my back and hold on to me tightly, then I can use both of my hands to climb back up.” Ray said. “Can you do that?”
Tomas wanted to say, no, do not let me go Ray, I might fall, however, instead he said yes for he was a brave lad.
And with that Tomas let go of the tearing branch and put both arms around Ray`s neck.
“Tomas, I am now going to let go of you so that you can climb round onto my back, you are quite safe, your arms are around my neck, you will not fall.”
Tomas could not reply, for he was still feeling so very scared, but he could nod his head.
“Right then Tomas, here goes.” Ray said.
And a moment later he released the young boy and happily so, for he now had both of his hands on the rope. Tomas now moved his body round onto Ray`s back, and with his arms around Ray`s neck; however, his heart beat had increased to panic levels during this task, which Ray could feel through their thin clothing. However, it now began to slow, for he had both arms around his friend, one that he would trust with his life, as indeed he was now doing.
Ray now climbed up the rope, hand over hand, and finally, his head was above the ledge and Nymah was able to kneel down and pull Tomas to safety. With the boy`s weight now gone, Ray scrambled onto the ledge, and he lay there trying to get his breathe back. When he was finally able to stand the two children flung their arms around him and thanked him.
“That`s okay Tomas, we are friends, we are there when the other needs us. Come on let`s get a move on Kids, I would like to be far away from this ledge before the sun decides to set.” Ray said in reply to their words of thanks.
They were well away from the ledge when the sun began to set, and it was then that Ray caught sight of the spaceport, in fact they were almost upon it.
“Kids, we will need to board my ship quietly, so take the bells from around the necks of the katsikes, or we will have the port officials around our own necks.” Ray said.
The bells were duly removed by the children and stored away in the saddle bags of the Tarragona, their clangers silenced with straw, and with this done they moved on down to the port. By the time they had entered it, and passed the empty port authority office, for the official was, as usual, at the local bar, the sun had set and had been replaced by the moon. The children were stunned when they saw the size of the Sirius Star, for to them it was gigantic, as it was. For although it was only a small freighter, it still measured 122 feet long by 30 feet wide, and when its landing legs were in use, as they were now, it measured 28 feet from the ground up to its upper exterior hull above the engineering. As they neared the starship, they saw the massive metal cowling for the Stardrive at the rear of the ship, and either side of it, two much smaller cowlings for the normal space engine. Never before had they been this near to a starship, one thought entered their minds, how on earth could it fly.
Finally, Ray caught sight of his friend Johnny, who had just walked down the ramp that led up to the starship`s hold, and Johnny was astounded by the sight that met his eyes.
“What on earth do you have there Ray? You were supposed to come back with some crystals, not a flock of moth-eaten sheep and a tired looking horse.” Johnny complained quietly on seeing what Ray had with him. “And what are you doing with two kids along with you?”
“Keep your hair on Johnny, I will explain it all to you, but first fit four of these crystals into the power module, then while we power up the system, I will explain all to you.” Ray said.
Johnny looked at the crate that Ray was taking down off his mount and his face lit up with glee.
“You found some Ray, the professor`s device worked then?” He said excitedly as he took the crate from Ray. “Our flight might be a little rough Ray, using these crystals in their raw state, but I will make them work, somehow.” Johnny assured his friend. “And don`t worry about the other problems that nearly killed us on the way here, I fixed them all, sometimes with chewing gum and duct tape, however, once we get home, we can fix them properly, enough even to satisfy the Space authorities.” Johnny called back to Ray as he hurried off to engineering.
“Come on Kids, let`s get the animals aboard.” Ray urged. “Quickly now, before we are seen.”
The animals boarded the ship without any trouble; to them it was just another cave that gave them shelter from the nocturnal carnivores. Ray gave the two children clean bed linen and left them unrolling their bed rolls, for they would sleep in the ship`s hold that night, and for the foreseeable future, there they could tend to their flock. In any case, the freighter only had two small cabins, one for Ray and the other for Johnny. It had been a tiring day for everyone, animals and people alike, and all they wanted was to sleep. With the children and the animals settling down for the night, Ray went to engineering to explain why they were transporting two children and their animals to New Caledonia, and when he had done so Johnny said.
“I knew that you would get involved with any local that needed your help Ray, you are built that way, just like your parents.”
As he continued his work Johnny smiled, it was why he had worked for Ray`s parents and why he had stayed with their son, they could never walk by on the other side of the road, they would always offer assistance to those in need.

**********

They powered up the ship`s systems, and Ray had returned to the starship`s hold, to close the loading ramp, in preparation for taking off, however, it was now that he saw Misha enter the spaceport, and unfortunately, Misha saw him. Misha immediately complained to the Port Master, whom he had dug out of the local alehouse, about the treatment that had been handed out to him.
“That off-worlder over there, on that starship, he attacked me.” Misha complained while pointing wildly at the Sirius Star. “He also kidnapped an underage young woman whom I was taking into my household to protect, for she had no adult male to look to her upbringing, and all as per the laws of our world.” Misha declared piously, “I demand that you board that starship, arrest its captain, and return the woman to me.” Misha demanded loudly while pointing once again at the Sirius Star.
The Port Master looked at the old space freighter and decided that he needed something to offset the boredom that had plagued him of late, however, off-worlders were notoriously dangerous and the port guard were all asleep in the local ale house.
“The off-worlder is probably armed and dangerous, I will need you and your men to accompany me, then if he decides to resist your men can back me up.” The official said looking at Misha and waiting for him to make the next move.
“My men and I will be only too glad to assist you Port Master, but we must move now before he decides to leave.” Misha said impatiently.

**********

On seeing Misha, Ray had closed the starship`s loading ramp and then called to Johnny on the starship`s intercom.
“Johnny, we need to blast off now, Misha has arrived, and he has armed help.”
With the loading ramp closed, Ray ran up to the small bridge of the starship and proceeded to fire up the ship`s computers, he could feel the vibrations coming from engineering, so he knew that Johnny had reacted with his usual speed. Ray now turned on the vertical thrusters, and as he felt the ship respond to him, he called down to the hold.
“Kids, we are blasting off now, Misha has just arrived and he and his men are running this way, hang on tight.” Almost asleep, both sat up as they felt a trickle of fear enter their hearts at the mention of Misha. Then they felt the ship`s vibrations and wondered what was happening, and finally they were pushed back against the floor as the starship blasted off from the spaceport of Malletta.
“No need to worry kids, we are on our way home, and if Misha wants to continue the chase, then he will need to find himself a starship.” Ray called down to them as he belatedly turned on the starship`s artificial gravity.
The two children looked at one another in relief; they were safe now, for Misha did not possess a starship, of that they were sure, for no one in their village possessed such a wonderful thing. One thing worried Ray though, he was almost positive that he had seen Johan Riker, and he was with Misha, and they seemed to be very friendly. Riker was a starship captain who was not tolerated on most of the colonised planets; however, Malletta was happy to buy from him at discounted prices, which is how Misha had come to know him.

Chapter Two

Misha finds a Starship

Misha was very angry when he saw the Sirius Star blast off into space, and he swore to get his revenge on Ray, to recover the woman, and finally to take possession of the crystals, for what else could there have been within the case that he had seen hanging from the saddle of the Tarragona. He had also received some very interesting information from a friend, one who worked at the New Caledonian Refuge Centre, and he was determined to see if it had been correct, however, all that would have to wait. With his rage shooting up to new heights, and demanding vengeance, he turned to Riker.
“My friend, is your starship able to catch that one, even though it has already departed?”
“Easily, my friend, but why, surely the woman is not worth the effort?” Riker replied quizzically.
“My friend, that ship not only carries my woman, but the captain humiliated me before my people, and there is something else, something that is extremely lucrative.” Misha said quietly to Riker. “He also looted what your world calls Dylithium crystals from Malletta, take me and my people in your starship, and we will split the crystals between us.” Misha offered.
“Just how many crystals does he possess Misha, surely there cannot be that many?” Riker asked now sounding mildly interested.
“Maybe twenty-five of the crystals Captain.” Misha replied to a now very interested Riker.
“What about your men, what do they expect to get from this; to participate in a chase that has already taken them at least four days must mean that they too expect to receive an ample payment for their services.” Riker asked.
“They will receive a number of the crystals between them, however Captain, that is of no importance, for I received some interesting information earlier today, it was from one of my contacts amongst the New Caledonian Refuge Centre here on Malletta.” Misha began tantalisingly. “Our good captain found the crystals using a new machine invented by your Professor Wentzler.” Misha revealed quietly so that his cronies could not hear what he said. “With that machine we could both become very rich men indeed.”
Riker smiled, his interest level shot up and he said to Misha.
“Let`s go aboard my starship, and of course you must bring your men along too, for we need to get on the trail of that villain before he does more damage to the relationship between our two planets.”
Ten minutes later the starship Light Speed lifted off from Malletta, and moved quickly through its atmosphere and into space. Riker was sitting in the pilot`s chair, busy inputting the necessary orders into his navigational unit, when he had finished, he turned to Misha.
“Misha, he will almost certainly head directly for New Caledonia, his home world, this ship will catch him as he nears the Mallic system, however, his ship will not leave it to continue its journey.”
Moments later, Misha felt the starship surge forward, the trip was uneventful, he passed it getting some rest and then enjoying a light meal in the starship`s galley. Four hours later, he heard Riker calling to him over the intercom.
“Misha, I have his ship on my scanners, he must have seen us for he has dropped out of hyperspace in the Mallic system, we will drop out of hyperspace in one minute, why don`t you join me on the bridge?”

**********

Ray had noticed the starship closing in upon them, who it was he did not know, but having seen Riker talking to Misha, he could hazard a guess, so after notifying Johnny, he took his ship out of hyperspace. The reason behind his decision was that the Light Speed was faster than the Sirius Star, and it had moved directly behind his own starship, and was rapidly catching up, had he not dropped out of hyperspace, Riker would have rammed the Sirius Star in hyperspace. This would have brought both ships out of hyperspace, and with its larger mass and better defence shields the Light Speed would come out of hyperspace with limited damage. However, the lighter Sirius Star, with its standard low energy shields, would enter normal space with damage to its Stardrive, and in all probability, its shields would also be down, and so it would be at the mercy of the Light Speed. Ray and Johnny would easily be overpowered by Riker and his crew, which for the moment probably included Misha and his cronies, when they all boarded the Sirius Star.
Ray had decided that the only safe place was at the Trading Post space station, it orbited a small frozen moon whose surface was composed mainly of water, the moon in turn was in orbit around a gas giant. The station sent a shuttlecraft down to the surface of moon continually, twenty-four hours a day, there it mined the ice that covered the surface of the moon, making it self-sufficient in one of the most important substance in the galaxy, water, and making a good profit from its customers.
It was another space station that could be a dangerous place for the unwary; however, Ray was not such an individual. He knew the rules, whatever trouble you are in, ensure that only the parties concerned are injured or killed, should the station`s crew or customers be inconvenienced then the perpetrator would be punished. There would be no trial or appeal, John Bulson who owned the station would deal out the necessary fines and retribution, and if the crime was serious enough it could mean bankruptcy, or even death, for the party or parties concerned. However, Ray reckoned that he stood more of a chance here, where it would be his mind against Riker`s, than in space.
The Trading Post was one of two space stations that had been built to service the miners who worked in the extensive asteroid belt that orbited a red dwarf star, the belt completely encircling it. Their produce was picked up by large oar ships that travel the nearby planetary systems buying produce, and selling the essentials of life to the miners at a highly inflated price.
As the Sirius Star approached the station, the station traffic controller contacted them by name, for Ray always had his transponder switched on when approaching a space station or a planet, unless to do so would put the ship and crew in danger.
“Space freighter Sirius Star turn five degrees to port and connect up to airlock number three.”
“Understood and adjusting my course Trading Post.” Ray replied as he turned his rapidly slowing ship.
One minute later, and they were in position. They were only waiting for the transfer tube to come out from the station and attach itself to the ship. When it had done so, Ray walked along to engineering, to speak to Johnny.
“I will head over to the station office to see if Riker`s starship is about to park here, just in case it is Johnny, prepare to repel boarders.” Ray said grimly.
Thankfully, the two children had been so tired that they had slept through the change in the ship`s vibration, so he did not have to worry them just yet, for maybe the pursuing ship was just another innocent trader.
“They will not dare to make a direct assault against the Sirius Star; they are more likely to pick us off when we are on the space station.” Johnny called after Ray.
Even so, Johnny turned on all of the external cameras, turning them to view the exterior of the Sirius Star rather than deep space. He then went into the ship`s main computer, and then into the program operating the ship`s sensors, if anything touched the exterior of the ship, or even approached too closely, the computer should alert them to it.
Ray strolled into the main square of the station; all was quiet at the moment with its main customers, the miners, shopping for items that they had run short on. They also came here to get away from the cramped quarters that were all they had on the asteroids that they mined, apart from the dark cold mine shafts. On a weekend, the nights would see them let their hair down, drunken brawls spilling out into this peaceful scene, and providing customers to the station`s medical team.
Ray walked into the station`s office, set in the middle of one of the four sides of the square, and he nonchalantly glanced up at a large screen that told him the names of all of the visiting starships, and the airlock where they were parked. After quickly scanning the names, he turned to the screen showing approaching and departing starships, and according to the screen the only starship currently preparing to dock at the space station was the freighter Alicia, at airlock twenty-two. Ray had never heard of the starship; however, he had not heard of some of the other ships currently docked at the space station. This could be because they were new to the area, or that like Riker often did, they were travelling under a false name. Ray first paid two days docking fees and then he hurried over to airlock twenty-two, and he arrived just as the freighter prepared to dock. Ray knew what the Light Speed looked like, a normal small beat-up freighter of a model to be found throughout the galaxy. However, he knew that it had two class three energy weapons built into the lower forward hull, and as he quickly looked at the starship, he saw two closed weapons ports. Ray then looked at the rear of the starship, and here he saw that the engine`s cowling had been reinforced to cope with the heat thrown out by a more powerful Stardrive than that on the Sirius Star. It was almost certainly the Light Speed, but flying under different colours, for it had the flag of the planet Xion upon its bow. Xion, a planet that Ray traded with occasionally through necessity, he needed to, otherwise, he would be broke, for Earth and its colonies were going through another financial crisis, one to which Xion seemed to have an inbuilt immunity.
The corridors of the space station were not well lit, as was the norm with many space stations, however, this worked to the advantage of Ray this time. He seemingly dropped something on to the floor, kneeling down with his back to the CCTV camera that viewed this portion of the station; he installed a micro camera of his own, and aimed at the airlock. The camera was of the chameleon type, meaning it easily merged into its background; Ray left another of these cameras in the corridor that led to airlock three where the Sirius Star was docked.
On returning to the Sirius Star, Ray found that the two children were awake, and on the ship`s small bridge, so he explained why they had stopped off on the way to New Caledonia. The two children looked scared, however, Ray sought to smooth away their worries.
“Tomas, Nymah, there is no way that Misha will get his filthy hands on either of you, this I promise, if he attempts anything then I will take great pleasure in shooting him. Here on the space station, the only law is not to involve anyone else in your troubles, and if Misha or Riker attempts to interfere with us then they are fair game.”
With these words, the two children were able to settle down and eat some more of the survival rations, for they really liked the taste of the pre-packaged food, which were at least healthy, being crammed full of vitamins and essential minerals.
Ray now turned on the spy camera program that showed the view from each of the two cameras; it took only five minutes to reveal Riker and Misha on camera one. Ray reckoned that they were probably walking to the station`s office, and for a similar reason that he had gone there, to find out in their case as to which airlock the Sirius Star was docked.
“Johnny, I am going to trade one of the crystals for the spare parts we need at the station`s repair section, it is to give Riker a reason for our stopping off here, with any luck Riker will assume that we do not know of his presence, or the reason behind it, and it could make him sloppy.” Ray began. “Then, while you begin to repair the parts of the Sirius Star that will not stop us from blasting off, I will be free to act.” Ray explained.
“What do you intend to do Ray?” Johnny asked apprehensively.
“I do not know yet Johnny, but something will come to me.” Ray replied thinking to himself that it better had.
After setting the two children to keep an eye on the two spy cameras, Ray walked over to the station`s repair centre to trade.
“I need these items here on this list.” Ray said to the woman at the counter of the repair centre, handing over a list of assorted items.
The woman was a brassy blond and Bulson`s sister, but she was not a dumb blond, it would take a cleverer man than Ray to rook her. Mariah Bulson looked at the list and then at Ray, what she saw before her looked to be the usual space bum, and so she answered accordingly.
“What are going to pay with, you do understand that we do not accept Earth credits.” She said contemptuously. “You got any gold or platinum Ray?” she finished off with a smirk expecting Ray to offer some planet`s currency which at the moment was almost worthless.
“Mariah, I have a new Dylithium crystal, a large one, I got it as payment for some work that I did on Malletta.” Ray replied politely.
The woman`s attitude changed as she inspected the long crystal, which was in perfect condition. Although they were the preferred method of power generation, the crystals were still relatively rare, the majority being use by the space fleet of Earth or the larger companies engaged in space travel. Most of the ones in operation amongst the smaller traders, or even pirates, were second hand models approaching their sell by date, as Ray had found out when the ones on his starship had failed.
“Where did you get this Ray, this will do nicely, you might even get some change, how do you want it?”
“I will take Trading Post credit Mariah; I need some supplies.” Ray replied knowing that he was more likely to get a better deal that way.
Minutes later the woman returned with a trolley load of parts.
“Mind if I borrow the trolley?” Ray asked.
“Sorry, but that is how we got them Ray. I will send a porter with you; he will bring the trolley back.” The woman said and then hollered. “Rico, get out here.”
An aged Latino hobbled into the main shop and approached them.
“Rico, go with the captain here, and after he has unloaded the trolley, bring it back here, understand?”
Rico nodded and after Ray had caught up on all the latest gossip, and received his station credits, he followed Rico to airlock three. Ray quickly unloaded the trolley inside the starship`s hold, then turning to Rico, he gave him some of the station credits that Mariah had given him, enough for the man to purchase food for a couple of days.
The Rico`s were a common sight on space stations, they had worked all their life in space and when they passed their own sell by date, they were either cast aside or used as cheap labour doing the meanest of tasks. Rico smiled at Ray, and thanked him, for he had not expected to get so generous a tip, usually he had to survive on the low wage that he received from the space station.

**********

Misha and Riker had indeed walked along to the station`s main office, here Misha had approached John Bulson, with Riker translating, to ask his help in getting the two children back, saying that Ray had kidnapped them. However, Bulson was well acquainted with Ray and knew him to be a good man, and realised that the Mallettan was either lying or was just a bad egg. He told Misha that it was the station`s policy not to get involved in personal issues unless they upset his other customers, and he advised him to be very careful not to break this rule, as if he did then he would pay dearly for it.
Dismissing the two men, who slunk off scowling, Bulson walked over to airlock three and asked Ray to allow him to board the Sirius Star. While Ray would not trust Bulson with his money, he knew that the station owner would not come to his vessel for something trivial. Bulson would also know that Ray had little savings and that his starship was not worth stealing, for it had seen better days. Therefore, Ray opened the ship`s airlock and invited Bulson aboard, they sat in the galley where they have a coffee and a chat.
Sitting as comfortable as the old furniture aboard the Sirius Star would allow, Bulson told Ray what Misha had said, and so Ray asked the two children to come up to the galley. Once there the children told Bulson, through the ship`s computer program, that they were saved by Ray, and that he was taking them to New Caledonia where they would be safe. They explained that all Misha wanted was to enslave Tomas and force Nymah into marriage with him. Bulson was satisfied with their answers, so Ray told the children to return to their duties, which involved looking after their animals now that Ray was back to keep an eye on the external cameras.
“By the way, John, I purchased that language computer program from the Trading Post on our first ever trip to Malletta, it has enabled me to learn their language and through it the children are learning English.”
Bulson, who was a family man with four children, smiled.
“It is good to know that we sell reliable goods Ray.” He said before adding. “There are a few things that I do not trade in, and one of them is children, have no fear Ray, I will not aid Riker or his alien friend.”
“John, I believe that Captain Riker is aboard the freighter Alicia, which is running under a false name, it is actually the Light Speed, an armed and fast freighter that he uses for his nefarious work.” Ray said.
“Ray, as long as they do not break the station`s rules, or attempt to raid this space station, I have no interest in Riker. Whether you are a would be pirate or and honest trader, it makes no difference to me, I will take most anyone`s money.” Bulson said, however, he was worried that this particular situation might just spiral out of control, so he added.
“I like you Ray, you are what used to be called a straight shooter, so I am willing to help you, if you want I can even order Riker to leave?”
“Not immediately John, his ship is both faster and better armed, no I need to even things up first before I can leave, and that I cannot do if the Light Speed is parked between my ship and New Caledonia.”
“Okay then Ray, but be warned, I will show you no favours if your personal war with Riker involves any of my customers or my space station and its crew.”
“Then you should also know that I would never put another person`s life at risk, unless they are attempting to rob or kill me.” Ray replied and there it was left.

**********

Johnny had been standing by the door to the galley listening to the conversation, and when Bulson had departed, he said.
“So, what are you planning to do Ray, because Riker and Misha will not allow us to leave without taking a payment, which as far as Misha is concerned are the children and the crystals. Moreover, Riker will not be aiding Misha for love, he wants something substantial to pay for his time and fuel, as too will Misha`s cronies.”
“You are correct Johnny, it could be a share of the Dylithium crystals, however, he cannot know how many we have, and as you said, Misha must have promised his own men something for their time.” Ray replied quizzically. “I wonder if word of Professor Wentzler`s device has got out, if so then Riker will either attempt to board our ship while we are here, or he will leave the space station and attempt to destroy our engines when we do leave, and before we can enter hyperspace.”
“And without anyone on the space station seeing the attack, he may not be welcome in many places around the galaxy but he is not yet classed as a pirate.” Johnny added. “One thing is certain, we cannot stay here much longer or we will run out of food for the animals you brought aboard, and the station certainly does not possess such a thing.”
Ray looked at Johnny and thought about his last words, then he said.
“You are right Johnny; we are running out of time. We must decide either to give Riker the device now, in exchange for allowing us leave, or we set off towards New Caledonia. However, instead of heading to the edge of this star`s system in preparation for the hyper jump we could play hide the starship amongst the asteroids in the hope of losing them for long enough to allow us to run for the systems edge and jump into hyperspace without being seen.”
“Ray, this ship may not be all that big, but it is big enough for the scanners aboard the Light Speed to track, and as for giving him the device, Ray, he could take it and still help Misha.” Johnny protested.
“In any case Johnny, if we yield to Riker then we will lose the respect of everyone, which means that no one will hire the Sirius Star to carry their freight, Moreover, I would feel only contempt for myself, no we fight, whatever the consequences.” Ray declared.
Then a plan popped into his brain and he smiled, he then told Johnny what he intended to do. Ten minutes later and Ray had hacked into the station`s main computer using some software that a customer had provided him with in lieu of funds that he did not possess. Now he was inside the station`s computer, he went into the program that dealt with the station`s airlocks, where he chose airlock twenty-two, the one that the Light Speed was docked at. He locked all the controls, meaning that the Light Speed could not leave the space station without blasting away, which would mean that the safety of the space station would be compromised around airlock twenty-two. This Ray felt, was something that Riker would never do, for then he would have problems docking, or even landing, anywhere in this galaxy except for Malletta. Even using a false name for both him and his ship would carry the risk of imprisonment, if he was discovered, and the chances are that he would be, for the galaxy would be on the lookout for him if he endangered a space station.
Ray now asked the station command centre to uncouple their docking tube to airlock three, as he was leaving, a few moments later and the station confirmed that he was now okay to leave. Moments later and the station`s main computer alarm was triggered, advising them that someone had hacked into the program and locked the docking tube at airlock twenty-two in place. It was finally traced back to the Sirius Star, Bulson cursed Ray and despatched a security team to airlock three, however, even as they ran through the corridors of the space station it was already too late. Ray was already taking the Sirius Star away from the space station, moving at the ship`s best normal space speed.
Riker smiled as his own spy camera showed him the Sirius Star moving away from the space station, and he prepared to follow the vessel, for his Stardrive had been ready for instant travel the entire time that they had been docked at the space station. He closed his vessel`s inner air lock, the outer one was always kept closed.
“Trading Post, respond please, uncouple your docking tube to airlock twenty-two, I am about to move off.” Riker said.
Instead of just acknowledging his request, the space station advised Riker of their temporary problem.
“We are having trouble Alicia, someone has hacked into our systems and locked the docking tube to your vessel, until we can get a team to airlock twenty-two you will have to remain as our guest, however, it will only take a little over ten minutes to manually uncouple the docking tube and then to get our team clear.”
With the Sirius Star getting nearer to the jump off point for hyperspace, Riker swore, and regardless of the damage and the danger to anyone near to airlock twenty-two, he blasted away at full power. The docking tube was torn away both from his ship and the station, air from the space station shot out of the gaping hole created in the wall of the space station. Thankfully, for everyone on the space station, the emergency crash doors in the corridor immediately slammed shut sealing off the wound to the station, and before too much air was lost to space, and thankfully, no one was injured. As the Light Speed moved after the Sirius Star, Bulson called after Riker.
“Light Speed, Captain Riker, you will pay dearly for the damage that you caused to the Trading Post. You will never again dock here, or in the other space station in this system, and after word gets back to Earth, you will be refused a berth at any space station in this galaxy.”
Riker swore as Bulson ranted on, and then he turned his communications set over to transmit and spoke to Ray. “Summers, you are a dead man, I will enjoy my revenge, I will piss over you even as you scream to be allowed to die.”
Next to him, Misha looked on apprehensively as Riker powered up his energy weapons.
“Careful, you do not want to destroy them Captain, we need what they are carrying, to fire in anger could cost us both dearly.”
“Do not worry Misha, I will merely stop them from entering hyperspace, I need to watch Summers die, slowly and painfully.”
Back on the space station, John Bulson was extremely mad, and with both Ray and Riker, however, he smiled at the way that Ray had given himself some crucial minutes, however, he feared that because of Riker`s criminal action, that it would not give him enough time to escape.

**********

The Sirius Star was soon approaching the edge of this planetary system, however, as Ray was preparing to take the ship into hyperspace, the rear scanner alarm sounded. What it showed him was a small fast ship approaching their position from the stern, and from its course, it must have left the space station. He swore, for if it were Riker then he, Ray, would need to find another safe harbour, and soon, or else Riker would soon have them.
“Johnny the stern scanner is showing a vessel closing on us fast, keep an eye on it through the rear-view scope while I get ready to take us into hyperspace.” Ray ordered.
The Sirius Star was almost at a distance from the planetary system to allow him to make a hyperjump; however, another problem was showing itself on the forward scanner, it was showing something that kept on appearing and then disappearing off the screen.
Johnny was watching the rear-view scope in engineering when Ray called him on the intercom.
“Johnny there is something ahead, something that might be gaseous, it might be anything, all I know is that it keeps on disappearing off the forward scanner, I....”
Johnny cut him off, for he has seen something through the rear-view scope, and what he had seen had terrified him.
“Forget that Ray, jump now, enter hyperspace, Riker has fired upon us, two energy bolts are about to hit us.” Johnny screamed in fear.
Three things happened simultaneously, Ray took the ship into hyperspace, the Sirius Star entered the mysterious anomaly, and the two energy bolts exploded when they hit the outer part of the gaseous anomaly. The result was that the starship was sent spirally through hyperspace at an impossible speed, throwing Ray and Johnny against any solid object in their way. The strange anomaly had rippled along the ship`s hull before it slipped off it and disappeared back into normal space, to move back at an impossible speed towards the Light Speed which it saw both as an enemy and a source of food.

**********

The two children had been luckier than Ray and Johnny; they had been thrown against their woolly animals, who being sure footed escaped mostly unharmed, as did the Tarragona. The children gingerly picked themselves up, thankfully, although they were a little shaken up, they were unhurt. Wondering how Johnny and Ray had fared, they went up to the small bridge to find Ray sprawled on the floor unconscious, blood flowing from a nasty cut on his head.
“Tomas, you check on Johnny while I tend to Ray, with any luck they will both be all right.” Nymah said anxiously.
She hoped that she was correct as she searched out the first aid kit, wishing that they were back in their cave where she knew just where to find the all of the necessary items to tend to Ray`s wound, and far better than the items that she found within the first aid box.
Tomas found Johnny in much the same state as Ray, and he used the intercom to tell his sister.
“Nymah, Johnny is unconscious too, and he too has a cut on his head, but it does not look too bad.”
“I have found the first aid box Tomas, come back up while I tend to Ray, I will give you something to clean the wound on Johnny`s head along with some antiseptic and a plaster, you should then be able to tend to Johnny. I will come down to engineering as soon as I have made Ray comfortable.”
As soon as she had tended to Ray`s injury, and was sure that Ray was going to be okay, Nymah hurried along to engineering to see how Tomas had coped with the injuries to Johnny`s head. She was more worried about him because of his age, and as she looked down at Johnny`s pale face, tears slipped down her face. Tomas had attended to his wounds, and cleaned away the blood, but even so Johnny did look very pale, and his breathing was very shallow, however, she knew that she and her brother had done all that they could do for the two men.
Finally, Ray woke up to see a worried Tomas looking down at him, and the first thing that Ray asked was.
“Tomas, you and your sister, are you both all right?” He asked anxiously.
“We are fine Ray, but Johnny was knocked out, Nymah is with him, Ray, he looks very pale.” Tomas said anxiously.
“Let`s go see him Tomas, and do not worry, Johnny is as tough as they come.” Ray replied, although he too was worried for his friend.
Nymah smiled when Ray walked into engineering, she was sitting on the floor next to Johnny, thankfully, his breathing had improved and he looked to be over the worst. He finally woke four hours later, with a headache, and threatening to tear Riker apart.
Although their only injuries had been cuts, bruises and headaches, the Sirius Star was in worse shape, she had been damaged in the attack, the Stardrive was not firing properly, and this could bring them out of hyperspace at any time, even within a star or a planet. From the data that was beginning to show on the main computer Ray could see that they have been sent on a fast twisting, but unknown course into deep space. Ray checked the hyperspace computer and it showed them approaching a planetary system; however, they were passing through empty space at the moment. Therefore, he took them out of hyperspace and they entered the outer regions of an unknown planetary system, the transition being far from smooth and making them strap themselves in so that they could ride it out until they were back in normal space. The rough ride was soon over and the Sirius Star journeyed uneventfully through the outer part of the planetary system, although its normal space engine was also misfiring, Ray fearing that it too might fail at a critical moment. Then, far ahead of them, a blue and white planet appeared on the long-distance scope, but it was not Earth, or New Caledonia, and from the limited amount of data that the scanners were giving him it appeared to be uninhabited, at least by a civilisation that has advanced into the radio age. Ray was very worried about the damage to the Sirius Star, just what parts of the ship`s hardware had been damaged by the explosions and their strange entry into hyperspace. Both the scanners and the engines were showing signs of damage to some degree; however, Ray was more worried about the hull, had it escaped untouched by the two energy bolts, from inside it looked to be all right, but if they lost hull integrity then they would all die. Ray took the Sirius Star towards the planet at the best speed that the engine would give him, but it seemed painfully slow, and as they neared the planet, he noticed that the planet had a small potato shaped moon orbiting it.
“Johnny,” Ray called out over the intercom. “We have come out of hyperspace near to an Earth-like planet, although if it is inhabited its people have not yet mastered the radio. It has a small moon in orbit around it; maybe we could affect repairs on the moon.” Ray said. “Rather than run the risk of landing amongst a planet full of unfriendly Neanderthals?”
“Ray, I for one do not fancy attempting to carry out the repairs in a space suit.” Johnny complained. “No, we need to land Ray, not only to try to repair the ship, but also to feed the animals.” Johnny said.
“I guess you are right Johnny, however, we will need to check out the planet before touching down, I don`t want to take the ship down into a swamp or a volcanic region. I would also prefer to find somewhere without any cave men around, angry that we have invaded their land.” Ray replied and then went on to add.
“It should be safe to leave the engine for a minute Johnny, come up here, we can use the exterior cameras to check out any possible damage to the ship before subjecting the ship to the rigours of the planet`s atmosphere.” Ray said.
One minute later Johnny entered the small bridge and together they panned the camera along the exterior of the ship, what they saw was a poor grade image that constantly flickered and seemed about to give out.
“Even the cameras have been damaged Ray.” Johnny declared unhappily. “I wonder what other damage has been done.”
“Thankfully, from what we can see the rest of the ship looks to be undamaged.” Ray said.
However, they then noticed some nasty scorching on the hull above engineering.
“Johnny, it looks as if we need to do a physical inspection to be sure, especially if we need to make a long journey back to New Caledonia.” Ray said anxiously.
With this thought in mind Ray punched in a command to the Navigation computer to find out their exact location, with the NavCom thus occupied he turned to Johnny.
“We need to land immediately Johnny, and before the damage to the hull gets any worse. You had better return to engineering, just in case our engine troubles decide to grow into a full-blown emergency.”
When Johnny contacted Ray from engineering on the intercom, to say that he was back and ready for anything, Ray said to Johnny, with the conversation also patched through to the two children who had returned to the main hold.
“Johnny, I am about to take the ship down through the planet`s atmosphere.” Ray said. “Kids, you had better strap yourselves in, just in case it gets rough, we will enter the planet`s denser part of its atmosphere in fifteen seconds.”
In fact, the planet`s atmosphere looked peaceful, as far as any planet`s atmosphere can be, and he hoped that they could get through the atmosphere and land without any further trouble coming to plague them. Ray saw that there was one large landmass directly beneath them, and he decided to land somewhere upon it.

*********

The strange anomaly moved rapidly towards the Light Speed, and it was only now that Riker caught sight of it, and it was while his ship was stationary and his computer was busy attempting to track the Sirius Star.
“What is that?” He said to Misha while checking that his energy weapons were now fully charged.
He immediately powered up his normal space engine, however, initially he used his thrusters to move his ship to one side, this would allow whatever it was to miss this starship without needing to use his weapons.
However, the thrusters pushed his ship painfully slowly, so Riker put his normal space engine into reverse and backed hurriedly away from the anomaly. Riker swore loudly, and then even louder, for he realised that the anomaly had change its course to intercept his ship, it must be alive he reasoned, and it was getting nearer to his vessel. He immediately used the thrusters to swing his vessel about, and when correctly positioned he fired both of his energy weapons directly at the thing, which divided allowing the two powerful bolts of energy to pass between the two halves.
Riker did not panic, instead he started to recharge his weapons energy banks, although his energy weapons had already failed once to stop the anomaly charging towards him, he could see no other option. He could not outrun the thing in normal space and to enter hyperspace he would have to bring his vessel to a stop, for his vessel was still moving in reverse towards the space station, trying to evade the anomaly. To move forward again would mean entering the anomaly, which could prove to be a fatal mistake, for the thing appeared hostile. In any case he could not jump into hyperspace, as it would be another long ten seconds before his Stardrive was powered up.
In addition, even if his Stardrive was powered up, he still needed time to return the point where the Sirius Star had jumped into hyperspace, otherwise if he attempted to jump any sooner his future would be bleak. Earth would send out a space cruiser to take him back for questioning, and they would not be too gentle about it, for to jump this near to a space station could disrupt the space around it causing death and disruption, and that would be reported to Earth by the other space station in the system. A fleeting thought ran through his mind, jump now and then return to take out both space stations, but he discarded that idea immediately, for both of them were better armed than the Light Speed, and they also possessed stronger defensive shields.
All these thoughts flashed through Riker`s mind, but to no avail for it was now that the creature caught up with him and settled over his starship, and immediately the normal space engine shut down, as too did the power build up within the Stardrive. On emergency power only, the crew of the Light Speed looked fearfully at the scene shown on their external cameras, which still functioned; they could see the strange space creature was now glowing brightly as it sucked their power systems dry. Finally, it left them, drifting helpless in space and with no one to call to for help, for Bulson at the Trading Post would make them pay dearly after the way Riker had damaged his space station. Their final sighting of the anomaly was as it jumped into hyperspace, its normal home, for it had only dropped out of hyperspace to evade another larger version of itself.
Misha looked fearfully at Riker and asked anxiously, his voice very shaky.
“Captain, what has just happened, is the ship all right, do we still have power?” Misha asked fearfully.
“Keep calm Misha, I am sure that power will be restored at some point.” Riker replied, the fear that Misha had displayed calming his own hidden fears.
Riker immediately went down to engineering to find one very scared engineer.
“How are our power reserves Colson, did that thing leave us anything at all, or do I have beg Bulson for help?” Riker demanded of the engineer.
“I was just about to check Captain, but what happened, we just lost all power?”
“We have just discovered a new life form Colson, now about our crystals, are they still intact?
Colson went over to the power console and checked on the crystals, they were completely drained of power, turning to Riker he said.
“You can see for yourself Captain; it will take forty-eight hours to recharge them” Colson replied. “During that time, I can make a full check on the ship`s systems, we must have blown every fuse in the ship, with luck that might mean the systems will come back on line as I reset the fuses. However, there is every chance that our computer will have been wiped clean by that thing, it was completely drained of battery power so we will need to energise it before we can find out the full state of the ship.”

Chapter Three

The Neanderthal Planet

While Riker and Misha feared for their future, the Sirius Star was making its descent through a distant planet`s atmosphere, the ride was bumpy with the engine misfiring, and a little scary, but the Sirius Star came through the cloud layer unharmed. They were flying above the large continental land mass that Ray had decided upon from space and it looked very beautiful and peaceful at this height. The NavCom chose now to answer Ray`s question regarding their exact position, it had no idea where they were except that it was not in a part of the galaxy currently under investigation by the people of Earth. This should not have happened; even in hyperspace, the unit should have been able to keep a record of their course, speed and direction. Ray swore softly and looked angrily at the unit; it seemed that it was one more thing that they would have to fix. With one known enemy near to New Caledonia waiting for them to show themselves, and potentially many more dangers between there and their present location, wherever it was, their future was decidedly uncertain.
Ray took them low over the land, and finally decided upon a landing site, seeing nothing that looked to be dangerous, and without any obvious signs of any inhabitants to endanger their lives; he set the starship down near to a small lake.
The first thing that Ray did was to send out a drone to check out the area, it flew at tree top height, searching for anything that might be a danger to the animals and their two young herders, and of course to Johnny and Ray while they were making repairs to their starship. Normally carnivores were near to the small lake while they waited for their prey to arrive, however, the arrival of the starship had temporarily scared away the herbivores, and the animals that normally preyed upon them. Unfortunately, after one hour the drone crashed to the ground, adding to the growing list of repairs, thankfully, it was not too far away from the ship, he just needed the time to collect it.
Ray knew that when a reconnaissance team normally arrived on a new planet, they checked out the air, the water, the fauna and the flora. They did not have the equipment, the time, or the expertise to attempt this. He did have the environmental system on the ship to check out the air, for poisonous gases. Only when it reported an air quality far better than that present on the Planet Earth, or even New Caledonia, did he leave the safety of his starship and walked across to the small lake, energy weapon in one hand and a plastic jug in the other. When he arrived at the lake he looked first into the water for signs of a crocodile, or this planet`s equivalent, then the grass around him for signs of a carnivore, seeing neither he bent down and took a jug full of water, and on the way back to the ship he collected some of the grass. As soon as he was back aboard his ship, he had his environmental system first check the water quality and then the grass, it reported back that the water was suitable for human consumption, but needed filtering, and that the grass was suitable for herbivores.
“Tomas, Nymah, you can take the animals out to feed and drink.” Ray said to his young charges. “However, do not stray too far from the ship, a planet as green and watered as this one is will have many different kinds of danger waiting for the unwary, and some of them will want to eat you or your katsikes.” He warned.
“Have no fear Ray, we are used to such things, we will keep alert, just as we use to do on Malletta.” Tomas said confidently.
“Just as you did when Misha crept up on you Tomas.” Johnny said.
He had just arrived in the main hold of the freighter, he had spoken to them through the language program that Ray had routed through to the hold, it was so the children could study the English language even while tending to their flock.
Tomas blushed and looked down at the floor and he now replied.
“I allowed myself the luxury of feeling safe Johnny, I should have known better.”
Looking at Tomas`s sad face, Ray scowled at Johnny and said to Tomas.
“Tomas.” Ray said. “You are safe; I promise you that, Misha will not trouble you again. Do not worry, we will soon repair the ship and get you to your new home.”
Listening to Ray`s words, Tomas and Nymah brightened up somewhat, after Johnny`s ill thought words had crushed their new found happiness.
“However, as I just said, you two must watch out for the local wildlife while you watch over your flock, just as you did on Malletta, but remember that this is a new planet with new dangers, so don`t eat anything without first putting it through the environmental scanner. If there are any people on this planet and you see them, find me or Johnny, leave your animals if you must, we will greet any of the locals.” Ray told the two children. “And it might be best to only drink the water from the filters aboard the Sirius Star, you never know, the native animals might have peed in the lake.” Ray advised and his words brought forth a burst of horrified laughter from Johnny and the children.
Ray smiled at them, for he wanted the children to enjoy their newly found childhood, as long as they took the normal safety measures, which is why he took the opportunity to give them his few words of warning. He then took a small device out of a holdall that he had brought along to the hold.
“Tomas, I want you to hang this device around your neck, all you have to do is to press this button here.” Ray said pointing to a button in the middle of the device. “And it will alert me by sending a message to the one that I will wear around my neck.” Ray explained. “Do not leave the ship without it, and do not take it off, Nymah you remind him each time you two leave the Sirius Star.”
The two children nodded while looking at the device, and Tomas pressed the button, the children immediately heard the buzzing noise come from the one that Ray had just hung around his own neck. The devices were tracking devices, and many years ago, his father had given one to him and given his words of warning to a young Ray Summers, telling him that as long as he wore it then his parents would find him, wherever he was.
Tomas and Nymah were used to watching for danger, and the tracking device only added to their feeling of security, so as soon as the ramp into the main hold was set down upon the ground of this strange planet, they moved their flock of katsikes, and the Tarragona outside.
With the children watching over the animals Ray and Johnny began to check over the exterior of their starship to see what damage had been done, especially to the ship`s outer hull. Ray knew that it would take them at least a day of hard work, maybe more, and that was just the exterior hardware, if the hull was damaged, beyond repair; there would be nothing that they could do, for they could not manufacture a material able to endure space travel.
“This is going to take us a while Ray.” Johnny lamented as his thoughts echoed Ray`s. “And after we finish here, there are still the interior systems, such as the normal space engine to fix, not to mention the Stardrive to repair.”
They found to their delight that while the exterior hull was discoloured, it was not structurally damaged in any way, so feeling better they began to check on the ship`s scanners.
On the exterior of the ship, this meant the sensor dishes, and these they found to be in need of immediate maintenance. Ray tackled the forward dishes while Johnny worked on the stern ones, each of them had to be taken apart, cleaned, burnt out parts replaced from their meagre spare parts stock, and then reassembled. Finally, they downloaded and recalibrated all of the array`s software, which had been partially corrupted by the strange anomaly they had encountered just as they had jumped into hyperspace, thankfully it had only been attached to them for a relatively short time.
The work took the whole morning, but finally the ship`s scanners were working, in the afternoon they cleaned and repaired their four external cameras, which also needed cleaning and repairing, their stock of spare parts was dwindling fast.
Looking at their remaining spare parts, Johnny looked both tired and down, and so Ray attempted to put a positive spin on their situation.
“Things are not too bad Johnny; at least we should be able to eat some fresh meat, once the herbivores get over their initial fright and return to drink at the lake.”
“I am sorry Ray, I guess that I am just getting too old for this, maybe I should think about retiring.” Johnny replied glumly.
“And who is going to look after me then Johnny, no my friend, I need you with me, in any case, who else could keep those ancient engines running.” Ray replied.
Johnny looked at his young friend and smiled.
“Words spoken in jest Ray can hide hidden truths.” Johnny said with a smile now upon his face.
As night approached, the animals were now brought back aboard the starship, and after everyone had rested and fed, Ray and Johnny set up an alarm system, should any animals or natives approach the ship at night the landing lights were programmed to turn on, flashing brightly, if this did not deter them, then a klaxon would sound, it would get progressively louder and finally wake them up to a potential danger.
Finally, Ray moved the Sirius Star to hover over the lake, once here he dropped a long hosepipe down to the lake and pumped up the clean water, filling the tanks of the Sirius Star. Then he took the starship back to occupy the same spot as before, setting her down on the marks previously left by the starship. The night passed peacefully, and a new day dawned, and much like the previous one, Ray and Johnny were working outside, this time they began to check the communications array, it did not take long to find that it too needed cleaning, along with some much-needed maintenance.

**********

The planet was indeed inhabited, and among the many humanoid creatures, there was a small tribe of people similar to the Neanderthals that had once walked on Earth. They had seen the Sirius Star appear, and they had watched it as it moved across the skies, to disappear behind the tree line near to the small lake that was in the middle of their territory. They had been terrified by the massive flying creature, and fearing for their lives the leader of the tribe had consulted the witch doctor as to what they should do. After consulting their long dead ancestors, the witch doctor gave the elders of the tribe the benefit of his advice. He told them that they head towards the lake to see if the creature was a beast or a spirit. If it was a spirit, then the witch doctor would ask it what it wanted, if it were a beast they should see if it was going to feed there, and if it did, they would move towards the hills that sheltered the setting sun, the land that contained their winter hunting grounds. As they drew nearer to the small lake, their speed dropped, they moved from tree to tree, alert for any sound, and soon the sound of Ray and Johnny working on their starship reached their ears, and they changed their course towards it. As they moved passed a large tree that towered far above them, one similar to the giant kapok trees of Earth, they saw a flock of strange looking animals feeding on the grasses that thrived around the small lake, the local herbivores keeping the area mostly free of trees or shrubs. Surprised to see a new species suddenly appear upon their land, they hesitated before investigating, could it have something to do with the giant creature that they now saw sleeping on the ground. They stood there, stunned, for the massive bulk of the freighter was like nothing that they had ever seen. What sort of creature was it, was it a spirit or a giant bird? The more timid amongst the group of natives were for fleeing from the monster; however, it was now that they saw the two children. If they and the strange animals felt no fear of the creature, why should they. It was obvious to them that the animals were harmless, for they were the same size of their own elafi, an animal resembling the deer, and they too ate the green grass around the lake. Smiling, they decided to capture some of the strange animals for their evening meal; however, first they must take care of the watchers, who were almost as valuable to them as the meat of the katsikes.
Two of the Neanderthals slipped away from the other warriors and made their way separately through the vegetation that covered the ground under the trees of the forest. The other warriors spread out into a long arc and began to crawl silently towards the flock of katsikes and their two watchers. Crawling from one piece of cover to the next, sparse as it was, never moving when one of the watchers was looking in their direction. However, Tomas had seen his flock react to a new presence, one he soon saw, and all just moments after the Neanderthals had moved out from the shade offered by the giant tree. After pressing the button on the device around his neck, he gave Nymah a warning sign that they had devised on Malletta, and without looking for the problem, Nymah began to move the animals towards the ship, and safety. One of the two natives who had separated from the others approached Tomas silently and unseen, his hand stifling the cry for help before it could escape from Tomas`s mouth, he scooped up the boy and escaped into the forest. The same fate was meted out to Nymah just moments before Ray and Johnny appeared. They were both armed with energy weapons, more than enough to deter most sources of trouble, however at the moment all was quiet with no sign of danger.
Ray and Johnny walked down the loading ramp, scanning the countryside around them as they descended, looking for the reason behind the alarm call. When they found that they could not see the two children, Ray called out to them, but silence was all they heard. Truly alarmed they moved forward to look for some sign to indicate where they were. All they saw were the katsikes and the Tarragona moving fast towards the starship. As the animals passed them, they saw the Neanderthals, who had forgone stealth when the katsikes ran from them. Now they were running towards Ray and Johnny, and five of their crude spears were already flying through the air towards them. Ray hastily pulled Johnny into cover, behind one of the bulky landing legs, as the spears flew over them to hit the side of the starship with a loud series of bangs. Ray looked up to see two more Neanderthals were poised to throw two more spears, ones that appeared to Ray to be constructed out of wood with flint spear heads.
“This planet is inhabited Johnny, and the natives do not appear to be friendly.” Ray said taking out his energy weapon.
Ray knew that they could not allow them to get too near, for they greatly outnumbered the two men. To show the power of their weapons, Ray fired his weapon at a branch of a small shrub that stood between them and two of the natives. The whistling sound of the energy bolt as it destroyed the air that it passed through, frightened the natives, and even more so when the shrub erupted in flames. However, it was when the natives saw the two strange weapons turn towards them, and then watched as two bolts of energy whistled through the air to explode against the ground, sending up a painful shower of dust and stones, that they fled panic-stricken back into the forest.
“Where are Nymah and Tomas?” Ray asked anxiously. “Can you see them, Johnny?”
“They are nowhere in sight Ray; the natives must have taken them before attacking us.” Johnny replied fearfully as he moved forward to search for the children.
With the katsikes and the Tarragona safely back on board the starship, for they had all gone there when spooked by the natives, seeing it as a safe place, Ray was free to act. Ray collected another drone from the inner hold, and then set the alarm system to activate should anything approach the ship. After closing up the starship, Ray looked over at his friend.
“Johnny, the device that Tomas is wearing around his neck will lead us to him and Nymah, so let`s go and get them back.” Ray said grimly marching off towards the forest.
“The natives will know the country Ray better than us, they could well be waiting to ambush us, we need to move silently and with care.” Johnny advised as he followed Ray.
Putting the drone that he had collected from the starship on the ground, he powered it up, it was their armed sentry drone, it had an energy weapon and a camera, he had been working on it the night before. They were using it for the very first time; he hoped that this one would work better than their other one and that it would prevent them from walking into a trap.
“You take the controls for the drone Johnny, while I use the tracking device, between us we will soon track down the kids.” Ray said confidently, however, he was scared that it could be too late for the children, unless they hurried.

**********

Tomas and Nymah were dumped on the floor inside of a crude shelter, then their legs and hands were bound to ensure that they did not escape. One of their captors approached them and said something to them in a language that the children did not understand, before leaving them alone to worry about their future. However, although they did not understand his words, from his tone, which was similar to one Misha had used when he had first taken them prisoner, it sounded very much like a threat.
Tomas looked across at his sister and smiled, he was far from happy, but he wanted to keep her spirits up, for Nymah`s eyes were those of a rabbit looking at a hungry fox. They were both bound and escape impossible, Tomas thought, until night fell and then he could access his sharp knife to cut their bonds, until then they had to hope that Ray would find them. Tomas could see that his sister`s mind was full of terrible scenarios, and in an attempt to ease her fears he said.
“Don`t worry Nymah, Ray will soon find us.” He managed to say without a sob appearing, for he too was scared of what the natives intended to do with them.
Nymah looked out of the rough conical shelter they had been pushed in to, one made of wood, reeds and animal bones, and hankered to be back in their cave on Malletta, for this world seemed to her to be very primitive and dangerous. Thankfully, a breeze blew through the shelter that took away most of the bad smells that had filled it, ones that they had noticed when they had been forced into the shelter. She studied her captors; the natives were not as tall as Ray, nor as heavy, although they were a lot hairier. She believed from their demeanour that they were happy with their life, which, at the moment, she was not. She shivered as a recurring thought ran through her mind, were these people cannibals, is that why she and her brother had been captured, for the natives’ next meal?
The shelter was one of several set within a glade that sat beneath a tall rock face, chosen by the natives as the rock face gave shelter against the prevailing northerly winds. Just then she saw a native run into the camp and begin to talk to the man she assumed was the leader of the tribe, the newcomer was pointing back along the trail and then into the sky, and he looked panicked. Ray and Johnny were coming she thought as the camp emptied of all of the adult males, leaving just the women and children behind to guard them. Nymah`s fears then returned thrice fold, how could Ray and Johnny prevail against such a large number of warriors, for she had counted twenty leaving the camp to reinforce the warriors that had kidnapped Tomas and her, and all of them probably wanting to kill her friends.
A female native entered the shelter and pinched Nymah`s arm, causing Nymah to cry out in pain, the native grunted as if pleased, then the woman grabbed her jaw and looked at her teeth, seeming happy with what she saw the woman left. Nymah`s fears of being the next item on the menu increased, that they were nothing more than katsikes to these people, food to be eaten, she immediately broke down in tears. In fact, the children had been taken as a source of fresh blood in the natives DNA pool, not that the natives knew of such a thing, but they did know that inbreeding was not to be tolerated, and so raids were occasionally made by all of the tribes, and children or young women were the preferred targets.

***********

Johnny looked at the picture on the control device in his hand, it had been sent down by the drone, he also kept one eye on the track, for he did not want to trip over and injure himself, that would make Ray`s task almost impossible. As for Ray, he kept both eyes on the forest through which they walked, thankfully, the trees were widely spaced and the undergrowth in this part of the forest almost non-existent, however, Ray knew that the natives would be long practised in the art of hunting. They would be able to hide behind the smallest of objects, and still not be seen, except by the infrared camera on the drone. Ray only had to look at the tracker once every minute, for the position it gave for Tomas was now unchanged, either he no longer had the device, or he was in the natives` encampment.
Johnny had always been good at playing computer games, and the situation today was just like one of his games. He guided the drone through the tops of the taller trees, its infrared camera showing Johnny what was twenty meters ahead of them. Suddenly, Johnny saw a native move out from behind of a tree and take aim at the drone, in less than a second Johnny banked the drone, and then he smiled, for the spear thrown by the native was already falling back to earth, never having reached the height of the drone. Johnny zeroed in on the native and pressed the weapon`s button on the control device, an energy bolt whistled down from the tree tops to hit the native, who fell stunned to the ground, he would not wake up for two hours at least. The energy bolt had unsettled the natives causing them to lose their natural skill in the art of hunting, for three more natives soon lay unconscious upon the ground, each a victim of panic. Ray saw ten other natives’ running back through the forest, carrying their fallen comrades, fear-adding speed to their legs.
Ray was not skilled in the art of hunting; however, he was skilled in the art of tactics, and Rider could now testify to this fact. He reckoned that the panicked natives would return with more of their tribe, and that they would wait in ambush for Johnny and himself to come to them. He therefore led Johnny at an angle that would bypass any trap, moving as quickly and as silently, as was possible for modern men, they zeroed in on Tomas`s position, approaching him from an entirely different direction.
While the natives waited patiently for the intruders, for they had not dared to leave a hidden watcher in case he too fell to the terrible bird that flew before their two enemies. Ray and Johnny were soon approaching the nomadic encampment, moving silently unopposed, the camp was there before them. Ray had soon identified the shelter within which the two children were being kept, for he could see their bound forms sitting against the far side of their prison. Ray and Johnny quietly moved around the encampment until they were directly behind the shelter within which the two children were being held. Their way had taken them along the rock face, and although this way lacked shelter to conceal them, at least there was only the need for them to look into the encampment for their enemies. Johnny now had the drone appear from the forest and fire upon the encampment, and as Ray and Johnny had hoped, the women and children screamed and ran from their camp, leaving it free for Ray and Johnny to enter the shelter.
Tomas and Nymah wanted to cry out in joy when they saw Ray and Johnny enter the shelter, but they were old hands in this game, they simply waited to be cut free and then followed Ray and Johnny from the shelter and into the surrounding forest. Their watchers did not even realise that they had gone, it was only later that the women and children dared to return, when the drone had gone and silence filled their camp. One woman approached the shelter that had housed the children with a beaker of water, for she had taken pity on them, it was then that she screamed out that their prisoners had escaped. A young boy was sent to inform the warriors of the children`s escape, on learning of it the warriors set off for the starship, meaning to put themselves between the strange bird and their quarry. Unfortunately, when their quarry neared the starship the infrared camera on the drone soon warned them of the waiting Neanderthals, and after three more natives fell victim to the whistling bolts of energy, the remaining natives fled into the forest.
Walking past the fallen natives, Ray decided to ensure that they did not fall victim to one of the planet`s carnivores, so he, Johnny, and the children moved the warriors together and then positioned the drone above them to ensure the natives` safety.
“Do you think that the other natives will return Ray?” Johnny asked anxiously.
“They probably will Johnny, after their initial fright wears off and they see that they were not killed, then they will want to chase us off their land and eat some of the katsikes.” Ray replied. “The only sure way would have been to kill them, but that I was not prepared to do except in the direst of emergencies.”
The two men returned to their morning`s task, toiling away until they had cleaned every part of the communications array, finally, they reassembled it, downloaded and recalibrated all of its software, which had also been wiped clean by the strange anomaly. It was well past noon and feeling hungry, Johnny went back into the starship and prepared a meal for everyone, it consisted of the ship`s survival rations along with a hot drink. As they sat down to eat their meal their sentry drone sounded its alarm on the ship`s computer. Everyone rushed on to the small bridge, filling it, and looked at the monitor, Nymah now said.
“Look everyone, the natives have returned for their three fallen comrades.”
They watched as the natives carried their three unconscious friends to safety, and when they had all disappeared back in to the forest, Ray recalled their drone, and while they ate their meal the drone silently recharged its battery, for Johnny had attached its recharging cable to the electricity supply of the starship.
After their meal, and in what was left of the afternoon, the animals were allowed out to feed while Ray and Johnny gave the exterior of the ship a final check. As the sun was beginning to slip down behind the hills they stopped for the day, for everyone was tired and hungry, so the animals were brought back aboard the starship and settled down in the hold with food and water. After a meal, they all turned in for the night, leaving their alarm system to warn them of any nocturnal visitors.
That night, when the small moon was casting a dim light down upon the Sirius Star, they had the first of their visitors, a large carnivore crept into the area around the starship to be met by the landing lights bursting into life and lighting up the whole area. The animal froze, but it did not move away, that is until the klaxon sounded, which made it seek the safety of the nearby tree line where it settled down to wait. The klaxons were heard by the Neanderthals who were approaching under cover of the night, they too froze, and many were for retreating, however, the brave few amongst them forced the warriors of the tribe on, but only after the klaxons had gone quiet.
The carnivore saw the Neanderthals approaching and waited until they had passed it by, then it pulled down the man at the rear, his screams filled the night, and coupled to the landing lights coming back on it caused the warriors to flee in terror. The large jungle cat was now able to enjoy its easy kill, which it pulled further into the trees where it began to eat its meal.
All the commotion had awakened Ray, who immediately went to the main computer to see if the external cameras showed anything, however, the area around the starship was now empty and quiet, so he returned to his bed. He awoke as a new day dawned, and for Ray and Johnny it would once again be a busy one, for they were to commence work upon the hardest of their tasks, they had to strip down the Stardrive. The two children were to watch over the animals again, something that caused Ray and Johnny some misgivings.
“It seems as if the natives have gotten over their initial fear of us, if it was them who called last night, we will need someone to keep an eye open for unwelcome guests whenever any of us is outside the ship, especially Tomas and Nymah.” Ray said while drinking a final cup of coffee and after the children had returned to the main hold.
“Maybe young Tomas can be our sentry.” Johnny said. “If we set him atop the Sirius Star, he will be able to see much further.” Johnny declared. “He can get up there through the emergency airlock.”
“Yes, and the drone can be set on its sentry program; it will alert us should the natives or a carnivore return. I will check with Nymah, to see if she is okay with that.” Ray replied.
Nymah saw the sense in the suggestion and agreed that her young brother should sit atop the starship as lookout, here he could watch out for the natives or the carnivores, both of which had begun to probe their defences during the night. However, Ray had some advice for Nymah.
“Nymah, keep the animals closer to the starship until Johnny and me surface, then while the animals feed further afield, you and I can cut some grass for the animals to eat when they return to the hold.”
“Okay, Ray, but we are used to looking after our animals; I will be all right, especially with the drone above us.” Nymah assured him confidently.
“This is not Malletta, where the numbers of the large carnivores have been reduced by hunting, this is more like what the savannahs on Earth were once like, all be it centuries ago, the carnivores are plentiful here and some will hunt in packs. Please do not under estimate the dangers here.”
However, the day past easily for the children, with the local carnivores hunting the wild herbivores and not them. Meanwhile, Ray and Johnny stripped down the Stardrive and then the engine used for normal space travel. Many parts needed to be tightened up, or recalibrated, thankfully, nothing was so badly damaged that it could not be repaired, to some extent, but it all took time, which kept them on this strange planet with its Palaeolithic men and animals for yet another day. Johnny did give voice to one remaining problem when the children had turned in for the night.
“Ray, some of the repairs that we have made would not pass a safety inspection back on Earth; we will need to use one more crystal to purchase the necessary parts as soon as we touch down on New Caledonia.”
Ray looked grimly at his friend and replied.
“When we touch down on New Caledonia? Johnny, I have no idea which way that is, or how long it will take us to find it, we will be lucky to even head in the correct direction. But then we might be lucky, why don`t we return to the bridge to check on NavCom unit, with full power restored maybe it will begin to work out our current position.”
As they left engineering, Ray smiled and said to his friend.
“Johnny, I never thought our ship would turn into a space farm, what next I wonder?” Ray said as they entered the small bridge, wishing that instead of being there he could return to his cabin and get some much-needed sleep.
The NavCom unit was now humming away; the unit appeared to have rebooted itself late that afternoon when full power had been finally restored, so they ordered it to give them their present location. Unfortunately, the only information that the unit told them was that the data that it needed to calculate this information could not be found in its memory banks.
“It must have been erased Ray, when it had temporarily gone offline after the attack by Riker.” Johnny complained bitterly. “If we ever meet Riker again, I will personally invite him to step out of an airlock without a space suit.”
Not to be defeated so easily, they then ordered the NavCom to try to match the night sky above their present location with those seen from the many planets that had either been colonised by Earth, or just visited. The result was the same as before, it could not.
“Johnny, I am afraid that you will have to keep the engines working until we find a way home, or a civilisation with Stardrive and the star charts to go with them. If we make small hyper jumps, we should be okay, however, if we are forced to push them...” Ray left off here, and Johnny nodded, and looked sadly towards the main hold where the children were sleeping.
“I am sorry for being so defeatist Johnny; after all, we are all well and alive. The repairs to the ship are completed, up to a point, and I am sure that our luck will continue to hold, we will find a way home.” Ray declared boldly. “Tomorrow morning, we will gather enough fodder to feed the animals for the trip, and we can also lay in a supply of food for us humans. Then will we be able to leave this planet with a chance of success of finding our way back to New Caledonia, or a friendly planet with people willing to help us out.”
“Good, for we certainly cannot stay here Ray, what sort of a life would the children have amongst a planet of Neanderthals?” Johnny replied. “And making small jumps will make it easier to find food for the animals, as well as finding help to finish off our repairs, if we are lucky enough to come across a technically advanced civilisation.” Then adding. “Not to mention the need to replenish our air and water supplies, what with there being so many animals in the hold consuming them.”
“You have a point there Johnny, although our supply of air and water has always been sufficient for a couple of humans, with our recycling system allowing us to travel through space for some time without stopping to take on new supplies. However, with the animals on board our environmental capabilities will only allow us to travel for a week before we will need to stop off in a planetary system to replenish our supplies.” Ray replied.
“I will certainly be glad to leave this place, for sooner or later those cavemen will succeed in killing us and kidnapping the children.” Johnny said grimly.
“As regards our initial route away from this planet, Johnny, I will take us out of this system using the route that we entered it by, then using small jumps we will leave our future in the hands of Fate, for what else can we do?” Ray added, and Johnny wearily nodded his agreement.
Deciding that they were both in need of sleep they returned to their cabins and fell exhausted onto their beds. Their luck continued to hold, for another night at least, and in the morning, the animals were allowed out to eat while their human watchers gathered fodder for their animals to eat, and fruit and roots for the humans to eat, to last them for a while at least while they searched for signs of the known galaxy.

Chapter Four

The Planet Vanaheimr

Ray and Johnny told the children the situation, which was, they were unsure of their present location, but not mentioning the trouble that could still flare up in engineering, and the children took it well, for they had faith in Ray to look after them. As for having to live within the confines of the starship for a week at a time, well they saw it as just another sort of cave, so no real problem; they spent their time between tending to their animals and learning the English language. Ray had taken the trouble to explain Space to them, how it was an airless vacuum, that the air they breathed was recycled aboard the Sirius Star and did not come from outside of the starship. That it, as well as the water they drank and the food that they ate, all had to be replenished each time they landed on a planet. However, these scary facts did not diminish their happiness at setting off in search for their new home.
The Sirius Star lifted off just before noon on the planet of the Neanderthals, as the children now called it, on a course that would take them back the way that they had used when entering the planetary system. They jumped into hyperspace as soon as they had left the planetary system behind them and had entered interstellar space, the Stardrive and the normal space engine both working perfectly.

**********

All four of them were on the bridge of the Sirius Star; they had just finished a snack during which the children spent the time to ask questions about New Caledonia. It was now that Ray decided that the time had arrived to refill their air and water supplies, and as they were approaching the edge of another planetary system, therefore he took them out of hyperspace. He thought the chance of finding a suitable planet was reasonably good, for at least the system had a K type main sequence star, an orange dwarf.
Stretching out before them was a large planetary system, their long-range scanner, such as it was, was soon showing the usual mixture of gas giants, together with a mixture of rocky planets further in and closer to the system`s star. As they moved passed the final gas giant, Johnny noticed something odd.
“Something is wrong with the ship`s main computer Ray, its slowing down.” Johnny complained.
“There is nothing wrong with it Johnny, someone is hacking into it!” Ray exclaimed, and after an unsuccessful attempt to stop the hackers, he said angrily. “And I cannot stop them.”
A moment later an alarm sounded, it was coming from the ship`s short distance scanner, seconds later and they saw what appeared to be six giant horses being ridden through space by giant women.
“My god Ray, it is the Valkyries!” Johnny exclaimed, for his grandparents were Norwegian and he had learned much about the ancient Nordic myths from them.
“The Valkyries, Ray?” Nymah asked.
“They are mythical beings; these things may resemble them but they are not the Valkyries.” Ray replied in a stunned tone. “They cannot be, although there must be a reason why they resemble them.”
“Ray how can they breathe in Space, you said that it was airless?” Tomas asked quizzically.
“They cannot Tomas; they must either be machines, or Holograms.” Ray said and when he saw that the children did not understand the latter term he said. “It`s similar to the movies that were shown on Malletta but without a screen.”
“My long-lost relatives are closing in on us Ray, get us out of here.” Johnny begged.
“We came looking for a technically advanced civilisation Johnny, and we have found one, of all the beings in this sector of space, these might just know the way home.” Ray replied.
The scanner alarm began to sound again, making all of them jump, and when they looked at the small monitor in front of Ray, they saw that it showed the six Valkyrie now in a tight circle around them. However, it also showed two vessels approaching them at speed, one of them was a very large space cruiser, who was accompanied by a smaller consort.
The two military vessels took up position astern of them, and ordered them to proceed into the inner part of the system. They proceeded in this way for an hour until ahead of them they saw a blue and white planet, and in orbit around it was a very large space dock.
Ray now turned on their communications set and called to the alien vessel.
“This is the Earth freighter Sirius Star out of New Caledonia, greetings to you all; we come in peace and we are in need of your assistance.” Ray said in English.
“Ray they are unlikely to speak English.” Johnny scoffed.
“You never know Johnny, Earth ships have been broadcasting for hundreds of years, there is every chance that they have both received and translated our language.” Ray replied.
His words were more in hope than belief, due to the vast distance they were from Earth and even in subspace there could be an enormous amount of cosmic interference between the two points, depending upon just where they were.
To answer them both a mechanical voice boomed out over their speakers.
“You have interrupted the holiest of our ceremonies; the penalty for such a thing is the confiscation of your vessel, worthless as it probably is.”
“Hey, hold on there fellar, we are lost and our Stardrive is in need of attention, we had no desire to intrude on...” Ray began to protest.
“Your excuses are of no interest to me Captain; you have broken our law, which is all that matters.” The metallic alien voice replied angrily cutting across Ray`s attempted explanation.
“I think that voice is computer generated, probably because no one has needed to learn English so far.” Ray said and then added. “They must be knee deep in aliens in this system Johnny, to handle a First Contact situation in such a fashion, I mean to arrest them, it`s simply weird.”
It fact, it seemed to Ray that the local police force were similar to those enforcing the law in the Sol planetary system, rude and overbearing... just then Johnny cut across Ray`s thoughts, for Johnny was not interested in First Contact situations at this precise moment in time.
“Ray, never mind all that, just get us out of here, before they confiscate our only means of getting home.” Johnny wailed and his fear was instantly transmitted to the children who began to worry about their future yet again.
The larger of the two vessels had now taken up station just ahead of them, and feeling apprehensive, Ray attempted to turn the ship about, however, he found it impossible. The larger of the two space cruisers had caught the Sirius Star in a powerful tractor beam, and Ray was worried that in an attempt to free themselves, they could easily see their recent repairs destroyed.
“They have caught us in a tractor beam Johnny; we will just have to let them take us wherever they want. Maybe we can get to talk with their leaders, see if they will see sense where their military men will not.” Ray said glumly. “Don`t worry kids, they appear to be in advance of us, technologically speaking, so with any luck that will mean that they must be even more civilised. The man on the radio was just mad that we spoiled their regatta, or whatever it was.”
Ray only hoped that he would be proved correct, for the alien had sounded most uncivilised to him, more like a young boy throwing a tantrum than an advanced being.

**********

On the planet ahead of them, a government minister, Asger Blom, looked at the alien looking craft, shown to him by the planet`s National Space Defence satellite, and he felt a weight lift off his shoulders, this timely arrival could be the answer to his prayers. He knew that the craft had not been built in their planetary system, of that he was sure, no; they were from another world, just as the captain of the vessel had stated.
Beside Blom sat his assistant, one Freydis Hansen, a young woman who belonged to the cult of the Valkyries, but one who saw the arrival of the alien craft as an omen that foretold danger. A single thought suddenly entered her mind, the thought was of the god Loki, and she determined to warn her people of the dangers that the arrival of the alien vessel would bring to them.

**********

The Sirius Star suddenly shuddered, then it changed direction and began to move towards the space dock, slowly being drawn towards it by a second tractor beam, the space cruiser had now moved away from them, taking up station astern of their starship. They were brought to a standstill, just feet away from an airlock, two grapples swung towards the Sirius Star and locked on to her hull; any attempt to escape would tear two large holes in the exterior of the ship and leave anyone on board exposed to space. Then a flexible docking tube extended from around the airlock of the space dock and attached itself around their port side airlock.
Ray checked the environmental system to ensure that the air within the flexible docking tube was breathable; it was, so he led the others out of the Sirius Star, and after passing along the docking tube, through the airlock, and into a grey painted corridor, they were now within the space dock. It looked like any other space dock, featureless corridors that probably led to a square around which shops, restaurants and hotels would most likely be found.
“Are they bad men, just like Misha, will they want to enslave us?” Tomas asked anxiously.
“Tomas, a civilisation as old as this one must be, would have left slavery far behind in their history.” Ray replied and smiled at Tomas to buoy up his spirits.
As to whether they were evil, Ray did not answer, for who could tell in which direction an advanced civilisation could turn, the planet Lyre, colonised by people from Earth, was one such civilisation that had taken a wrong turning. Just then, a squad of uniformed people came along the corridor and marched towards them, they did not seem to know the word humour, for their faces were all grim set and the leader was obviously angry.
“Who told you to leave your vessel?” The officer demanded angrily, and in English.
“You speak our language, wonderful, then you know that our people are peaceful?” Ray said cheerfully, his own hopes buoyed up.
However, he was still worried by their attitude, for the people of this world seemed to be permanently angry.
“I am sorry if you wanted us to remain aboard our ship; I assumed that you would want us off it as soon as we docked.” Ray replied and then he smiled at the officer, however, it had no effect on the man.
“Now that you are off your vessel you will all come with us, I will take you to your quarters, there you will wait for a senior member of our government, he is already on his way to the space dock.” The officer replied in a gruff voice. “First though you will hand over your weapons.”
The only weapon that Ray had on his person was his knife, which he handed over reluctantly, as for Johnny, he had nothing on him that could be termed a weapon, however, Tomas did not mention his small knife.
As they were led along numerous grey painted corridors, the children stayed close to Ray, feeling that nothing could happen to them if they stayed close to their friend and protector. They entered a lift that took them down from the docking level to the third floor, where they were taken along another featureless grey corridor. Finally, they came to a stop before a featureless door, which the officer opened, and then beckoned for them to enter the room beyond. On entering the room, they found that it was in fact a suite of rooms, a small sitting room that had three doors off it, beyond these doors, they found two bedrooms and one bathroom; they appeared to be clean and comfortable. Ray turned to the officer to speak to him, however, he was already leaving the room, the officer stopped in the corridor, turned, and said to Ray.
“Food and drink will be brought to you soon; you will wait here until the government minister is ready to interview you.”
With that, the officer shut the door and they heard the squad of soldiers marching off. Ray walked over to the door, but as he had expected, it was locked, so he turned around and said to the children.
“I hope that food comes soon, my stomach is so empty I could eat a whole katsikes.”
Katsikes being both the singular and plural of the word, as sheep is in English.
Everyone smiled at his comment; however, it did nothing to dispel the worry that was beginning to eat away at their insides. Their meal came two hours later, it was strange and not at all tasty, being rather bland, and the children said that they should have brought some of the rations from the Sirius Star, which were tasty. Ray was about to make a comment about their own standard space rations when the door opened and a different officer stepped in and said to them.
“Good, you have finished your meal, it was good, yes?” However, he did not allow them to answer; instead, he went on to say. “The government minister has arrived, his name is Asger Blom; he is a good man, he will talk to you in the briefing room, please come with me.”
Ray thought of protesting, he thought that the children should not be taken along to be interviewed, however, he then thought that maybe the children would be happier if they did come too, rather than be left alone with nothing to do but worry about what was happening elsewhere.
Ray led them out into the corridor to find that their escort was waiting there, and they were escorted to the lift, which took them from the third floor up to the tenth floor. After walking down yet another grey corridor they arrived at the briefing room, it was a large grey coloured room with a long metal table with uncomfortable looking chairs set around it. The officer walked down the length of the room and said to them.
“Two of you sit in these two chairs please, and the other two must sit on the opposite side of the table.”
The officer pointed to the two seats in front of Ray and Johnny.
“Tomas, will you sit next to me, Nymah, will you sit next to Johnny, on the other side of the table.” Ray said pulling out the chair and sitting down.
When everyone was finally sitting down, the chairs were indeed found to be uncomfortable. Then the officer informed them.
“The government minister will be here in a moment; you will please wait.”
The officer then left the room and Ray, to buoy up everyone`s spirits said.
“They must have purchased the paint they used on the space dock in bulk, because the whole thing is painted in this ghastly grey colour.”
The others looked at the painted walls and smiled, for they too had noticed the colour scheme, and they too thought it ghastly.
“If I had to work in this place, I would deck the walls with as many large pictures as I could find, otherwise I would end up dotty.” Johnny replied to Ray`s comment.
Ten minutes later the government minister made his grand entrance followed by four flunkies. The minister, Asger Blom, was a large overweight man with a balding head, a chubby face and brown eyes that smiled when he looked down at Ray and the others. He took his place at the head of the table while his four flunkies sat on either side of him. Files were placed on the table in front of the four flunkies, Ray assumed that the files were meant to intimidate him, a ruse that was also used on Earth, it was meant to show that they had masses of information regarding Ray, Johnny and the children, which was obviously impossible, until he remembered their computer being scanned. Blom waited for the flunkies to open their files and begin to study them before he spoke, when the scene was set, he said in almost flawless English.
“I am a senior minister in our parliament, my name is Asger Blom, and I have to inform you that you have broken one of our laws, as well as infuriating the people of Vanaheimr, for you interrupted the holiest of our ceremonies. While it did continue after your confinement, the populace is demanding that action is taking to ensure that you, followers of the god Loki, do not make any further attempts to mar our celebrations.
With the mention of Loki, the Nordic god of trickery, amongst other things, and then mentioned Vanaheimr, which in Nordic myth is the home to the Vanir, gods associated with wisdom; Johnny now seriously doubted whether what they were going through was real, he must be dreaming all of this.
“You speak English perfectly, so you must know that we are not followers of Loki, nor that we intended to interfere in any way with your ceremony.” Ray explained. “Due to a fluke accident we are lost somewhere far from our home planet, the accident also damaged our Stardrive, and while working, it needs some minor repairs, and because of this we are forced to make short jumps through hyperspace. We need your help not your anger, we need to know where our home planet is, and we also need spare parts to replace some of the minor parts in our Stardrive.”
Ray had seen the confusion appear on Johnny`s face and could understand why, Johnny having spoken about his Nordic ancestry, and of their mythology, during their voyages, but on ones free of the problems that had come up on this voyage.
While Ray and Johnny attempted to understand what was happening, the minister looked at his cronies, for part of what Ray had told them was extremely interesting, and they all began to speak to one another, but in their own language. Ray could see that they were very excited about something that he had said, could it be his vessel`s Stardrive, could this civilisation still be limited to the boundaries of their planetary system? From what he had seen of their space cruisers, this did seem possible.
Blom took a moment to consider how to reply to Ray, and when he was ready, he said.
“I speak your language because we took it from your computer, and I was given it by our tutor, however, I personally know nothing of your world, although my colleagues here may have such information as was contained within your vessel`s computer. In any case even if I did, it would make no difference, you committed a gross crime and all four of you must be severely punished and your vessel confiscated.”
Blom was attempting to provoke him, force him into making a gesture so as to get him, and his people out of a very different mess into which they had landed themselves.
Ray was indeed angry now, as the children had been reduced to tears after listening to the official, Tomas had gripped his hand and Nymah looked across the table at him, her eyes pleading with him to do something. Although only able to understand some of what had been said, the tone of Blom`s voice, his facial expression and the reactions by Ray and Johnny told them that what was being said was not good for them.
Johnny was also in shock, especially when he heard that this alien race considered the children to be guilty of the same crime that was being levied against him and Ray, however, he said nothing, he looked at Ray, waiting for his lead. One thing Ray did know, the aliens did not appear to be friendly.
“Okay my friend, you consider me, as Captain of the Sirius Star, to be guilty, so be it, I will accept whatever punishment that you see fit. However, my ship`s engineer was not guilty, and certainly the two children, being only passengers to our home world, they cannot be guilty.” Ray argued calmly, as he sought to control his anger lest he be considered guilty of another law. “Now why don`t you tell me what this is really about, you are an intelligent race, all this bluster must be leading up to something more, so please tell me what you want of me, whatever it is I agree to it, that is, if you will leave the children and my engineer out of this.”
Ray knew that if they thought of him only as a criminal, then a government minister would not be wasting his time on him, no, there was something behind this farce, something that was dirty and dangerous, and now Johnny spoke, his voice filled with anger.
“If what Ray has said is in fact true, then you can count me in, whatever it takes to free the children and leave your planet, I am ready to do.”
The children looked bewildered, and still looked at Ray for an answer.
“Don`t worry Tomas, Nymah, our trip home may be delayed, but it is not over, you will get to New Caledonia.” He assured them, to which they brightened visibly.
“There may be a way for you to leave our planet and continue on your way, in time. However, it will mean that you will indeed have to face danger before we can permit such a favour.” Blom said calmly. “However, your friends must stay aboard this space dock, to ensure that you do not attempt to renege on your commitment to us and try to escape.”
“That is acceptable to me.” Ray replied, “Now tell me what I must do to ensure our release.”
And what he and the others were now told amazed him, amazed him because he could not believe that a highly advanced civilisation could believe in such things.
“Long ago in antiquity, the god Loki was imprisoned within the holy mountain of Himinbjorg, which is in the middle of the island of Jotenheim. Every one hundred years, seven of our people must travel to Jotenheim; a region in the far north of our planet, for it is where the mountain is located. Once there they must search for the Temple of Odin where they will conduct the ceremony of Ragnarok to ensure that Loki does not escape, for we have been told that if he does escape, then it will mean the end of our world and its people.” Blom said gravely.
With more Nordic terms and place names, Johnny wanted to interrupt, however, Ray caught his eye and slowly nodded his head, in situations such as these, you do not volunteer any information, unless specifically asked. Blom took a moment to drink from a glass of water in front of him, before continuing, and this reminded the others how dry their mouths were, and so they too had a drink from the glasses set before each of them.
“Perhaps I should tell you now Captain of the dangers involved, for exactly what happens during the journey into the mountain is unknown to us, nor is the route that you must take. Now, you may think that this is impossible. An advanced civilisation not knowing these facts when the ceremony is conducted every one hundred years, however, we really do not have these facts. All we know is that the way into the mountain is through an ancient mine entrance, one older than our written history. Only one member from each party of seven has ever managed to return from each of these journeys, and with no clear memory as to what actually happened to each of them. Now, I should mention here that other than the leader of the team, the other members of the team must belong to one of the religious cults that have sprung up around our religion, and since the dawn of time. They team enters the mine expecting to meet a god, which they may do, for each survivor has returned saying that he or she has met a god, who always helps with the ceremony of Ragnarok. Then he or she is taken to Asgard, or some other mythical location, where they are given the blue crystal, and this deed shows that the gods are pleased with our efforts. Unfortunately, the leader of the team has never returned, we know not why, for the survivor always has a hazy recollection as to what actually happened. His or her mind has always been affected by the experience; hence our ignorance of what happens within the mountain, everything the survivor experiences seems to occur within a fairy tale fantasy.” Blom explained and took another drink from his glass before continuing his explanation.
“This time six followers of the cult of the Valkyries have volunteered to journey to Himinbjorg, they have been in training for this task ever since they were born. Each comes from an upper cast family, the only cast permitted to take on such an important and holy task. However, we have been unsuccessful in finding the seventh member of the team, the team leader, who must be a man of the upmost integrity, although he can be of any caste and even a non-believer. It seems that those most fitted for the task amongst our people have no wish to die a hero`s death, and this is where you come in.” Blom said. “To ensure the safety of this world, and of your friends here, you must lead the six followers of the Valkyries to Himinbjorg, for I see in you a man of integrity, your very words since you entered this room proves that to me. If, however, I am wrong and you chose not to go, then you will all be imprisoned until you die, for the ceremony that you broke up was the preliminary of the journey to Himinbjorg conducted by the six followers of the Valkyries. You see, we had decided to send only the six followers of the cult, as a leader could not be found to head the expedition.”
Johnny was shocked by all he had heard, as were the children when Ray told them later. However, Johnny realised that his friend had no option but to agree, the other option being imprisonment until death released them. Johnny could not believe that an advanced civilisation could believe such rubbish, or act so criminally, and he had trouble containing his contempt of them, but he held his tongue.
“You must leave in one hour, which is the time you have left to you to say goodbye to your friends.” Blom said who appeared to be very happy now and getting up from his seat made to leave the room.
“Excuse me, but what weapons will I be allowed to take with me?” Ray asked the disappearing minister. Blom turned around with astonishment written all over his face.
“Weapons, my dear sir you are about to embark on a religious journey which will culminate when you conduct the most religious of our ceremonies, all be it a dangerous one, you may be allowed to have your knife back, but that is all you will be allowed to take with you.”
“One more thing Minister, may my friend collect a few things from our vessel, to aid me in my task, other than weapons that is?” Ray asked politely, so as to get a positive answer.
“Yes of course Captain, but two of the guards will accompany him to ensure that he does not attempt to collect a weapon, and the children will have to stay in the suite of rooms that we have provided for you.” Blom replied.
By his words he had ensured that the strangers would be unable to pull a stroke, however, he hoped that he now appeared to them as benevolent.

**********

When Johnny returned, he passed a bag full of various articles to Ray; he then gave another larger bag to the children to hold safely while he spoke to Ray. Although they were alone within the room, except for the children, Ray kept his voice down when he spoke.
“Johnny, did you see the way they reacted when I mentioned our Stardrive, I do believe that they do not have one yet, they have been confined to their own planetary system, maybe they are not as advanced as I thought, well not in every way.” Ray said. “The way they took over our computer, and also the tractor beam, they were both in advance of our technology, but in other things we may find them backward.”
“Which means Ray; they will not let us have the Sirius Star back until they understand how it works and how to build a Stardrive of their own.” Johnny replied grimly, and then added.
“I don`t think that Earth would want us to give them such a present, we have to escape Ray, to stop them stealing our technology, that is, if we can ever get back on board the Sirius Star as a group.”
“I am not so sure Johnny, our Stardrive is hardly up to date, the government of Earth might see it as an acceptable present, if that means that the two worlds can be allies. This people have much in common with our own, religious beliefs apart, and they must have much to offer Earth. Apart from the fact that this world and ours must somehow be related, they may even be able to tell us something about our own pre-history.” Ray said hopefully.
“It is not only their religious beliefs Ray, what about this caste system of theirs, our world has left that far behind us.” Johnny replied righteously.
“And they replaced it with the god wealth, do not forget that Johnny, and if the situation was reversed then the politicians on Earth would act in exactly the same way, the similarities between them seem endless.”
“Why did you stop me from telling them about our world`s links with their religious beliefs Ray, they may have decided to aid us instead of sending you on a dangerous mission with six cult members?” Johnny demanded to know.
“Because until we have much more information regarding their beliefs, it might be wiser to stay silent, who knows, they may blame the Nordic races for some crime, fictitious or otherwise, then we could end up in even more trouble. They might even accuse your ancestors of following Loki.” Ray replied.
Ray now turned to the two children who sat quietly beside them, with tears showing in their eyes.
“Tomas, Nymah, all will be well, I have got out of tougher situations that this, and I am not about to let a myth stop me from returning, okay?” Ray said softly.

**********

The hour quickly passed, and when it was over Ray found himself boarding an intercontinental shuttlecraft with the six followers of the Valkyries. They comprised of three men and three women, none of whom were over the age of twenty-five. They all looked to be confident of success, unless they were they merely hiding their fears, which would be quite understandable. Already on board the craft was the government minister to greet them all, he was also worried, for he was a true believer of his people`s faith, and if these young people failed in their task, then he knew that all the people of his world would die.
“Captain Summers, allow me to introduce your team, you will find them all to be intelligent, fit, and with a knowledge of our history, both mythological and modern, and they also speak your language, which will be the only language permitted until you return home.”
He then introduced the six people who had piloted the six shuttlecraft that had been decorated to look like the mythical Valkyries riding upon their horses. The three men stood over six feet in height, broad shouldered, had blue eyes and fair hair, and three women, who were all at least six inches shorter than the men, but looked to be as fit, and all six of them looked to be in the best of health. The men`s names were Agdar Arranstorff, Baldar Dannemand and Palmar Baner, and the women`s were Laila Wedel, Magdeli Thott and Cecylia Moltke. It seemed that while all the mythical Valkyries were female, the followers could be of either sex.
He found them to be intelligent, even though their beliefs were strange to him, verging on fantasy, but then they might have similar thoughts about many of the beliefs held on Earth, if they lived through the next couple of days and then visited the planet.
The flight took three hours but was smooth, and food and drinks were served while the six Valkyries spoke with Ray, all them eager to hear about this alien world and the many planets that made up its colonies, none of them appeared to be deluded, or a fantasizer. Finally, though, they were flying over the frozen land of Jotenheim, and far in the distance, the massive Himinbjorg Mountain stood proudly, its tall peak thrust far above the white snow laden clouds. Ten minutes later the shuttle was landing in the foothills of the Himinbjorg Mountain, a small building stood at the side of a small airport, the building had one door but no windows, and around the building was a tall wire fence that Ray thought might be electrified.
“We are here, soon you will set off on your task, if you will all follow me you will find everything that you will need for your task is waiting for you within the building.” The minister informed them all in English, although his speech was aimed at Ray, for from the way that they reacted, Ray assumed that the others seemed to know all of what was said already.
Blom led them from the craft and stopped before the fence. Ray could not help shivering because of the cold, his breath condensing as soon as it left his mouth. The temperature was down to just ten degrees above freezing, on the Fahrenheit scale, it being almost sunset on this cool spring arctic day. However, the others on his team, as he now saw the six people who were about to share his journey into the unknown, seemed not to notice it, maybe, Ray thought; they had lived and trained in such conditions. He saw that the minister had put on a heavy fur coat before leaving the shuttlecraft, but it did not seem to help him overmuch, for even he seemed to feel the cold. Ray heard a humming sound coming from the fence, which was, as Ray assumed it to be, electrified, and a warning sign pinned to the gate informed any visitors of this fact. Blom, taking care to stay well clear of the gate and the fence, spoke into an intercom, moments later the humming sound stopped and the gate in the fence opened. Ray followed the others through it, moments later the gate swung shut and the hum of returning electricity was heard.
They all walked up to the door and Blom pressed a button, and the door opened to show a small grey coloured metal room, for the room was in fact an elevator. It took them down just thirty feet, and when the door opened, Ray found that it served a labyrinth of tunnels. Down here was a full-blown military base, there to protect the entranceway into the mountain, and also to meet those who return after venturing into the unknown. The temperature down here was a pleasant twenty-five degrees above freezing; even so, Ray was still feeling cold after his brief visit to the Arctic. He and his team were taken into a large room, and here they were given amongst other things, a large backpack. Within the backpacks were their sleeping bags, winter survival clothing, a quantity of survival rations and supply of water, enough to last them for three days, the length of time it normally took for the survivor to return with the blue crystal. They were also supplied with powerful wind-up lamps, to light up their way through the darkness beneath the mountain, and other articles felt necessary for their survival. Apart from the backpacks, there was also one tent, to be used between them, and it had been made for use in their arctic, and finally there was one battery powered portable heater.
Blom then led them out of the room and into a large control room, where he introduced them to the people of Vanaheimr, for a television crew was there to see them off. While Blom talked to the interviewer, the team lined up to be introduced, although Laila Wedel hung back with Magdeli Thott to speak to two of the guards. Magdeli was inspecting one of the guards` energy weapons, for she had asked to see it, and she had just passed it over to Laila, when it fired. An energy bolt whistled across the room, narrowly missing Ray, and exploded against the wall, Laila immediately dropped the weapon and screamed out.
“I`m sorry, it just fired, I did not mean to operate it.”
Blom immediately went up to her to calm her down, he could ill afford to lose one of his team, and so he led her to Ray.
“Captain Summers, Laila is sorry, please forgive her, it was an accident.”
Ray could see how frightened Laila was, frightened that he, Ray, would protest, and Laila now begged his forgiveness.
“Captain Summers, please forgive me, please do not make me stay behind because of this accident, I beg of you. The weapon fired almost before I held the weapon.”
Ray smiled at Laila and then he went over to the guard and asked to see the weapon. On inspecting he found nothing wrong with it, he looked back at the woman and decided that maybe she was just ham fisted when it came to energy weapons, and so he said.
“I am okay Minister; accidents do happen and at least there won`t be any energy weapons once we pass through that door.” Indicating the white door through which they would soon pass, when their mission would really begin.
Blom cut the interview short before any further accidents happened, for he had just been notified through his earpiece that the Far-Right People Party were complaining about the alien taking part in the mission, and how someone should ensure that he did not complete the mission. With the mission in danger, should another ‘accident’ happens, he hurried the team up to the white door, however, he made no mention to Ray of the call, for he worried about his ulcer even more, now that the chances of success had lessened due to a bunch of fanatics.
The team stood by the door, which was guarded by six officers from the state police, there to ensure that only those who were cleared to pass through it, would do so. Everyone now had their large backpack upon their back, with their personal equipment stowed safely inside. As well as all this, Agdar Arranstorff also carried the tent, which weighed sixty pounds; Baldar Dannemand had the portable heater along with a pre-charged battery, all of which weighed thirty pounds. Palmar Baner carried a spare pre-charged battery for the heater, as well as extra water, Laila Wedel carried Agdar`s sleeping bag, Magdeli Thott carried extra food and finally Cecylia Moltke carried yet another pre-charged battery for the heater, as well as their medical supplies. As for Ray, he carried a two hundred feet coil of rope and a supply of mountaineering pitons and a hammer. Ray thought that if any of them fell over, then they just might be in need of help to regain their feet.
Blom now gave them a few words of farewell, again in English, for Ray`s benefit, which would be translated into the native language for the watching television audience.
“My friends, you are about to pass through this door and commence your dangerous task of stopping Ragnarok from happening. Although it is spring on the surface above us, and the snow is melting, the temperature on the other side of the door is zero, which is why winter survival clothing has been supplied. The thoughts of all our people will be with you on your dangerous task, you must succeed. Whether you are one of those who return or not, your name will never be forgotten. Farewell my friends, take care of yourselves and your comrades, I will be here to greet you upon your return.”
No one clapped, or said anything; one of the guards opened the heavy white door and shivered as a blast of cold air entered the base. Ray walked forward and entered into the mineshaft; while initially lit, he could see that further on there was only blackness. His team had followed him through, and from behind them, Ray heard the door slam shut. It seemed that no one would be looking after them until they disappeared from view, the security of their world would allow no such emotional farewells.

Chapter Five

Inside the Holy Mountain

Ray had no map to show him the way, he had no idea how long the trek would take them, where the dangers or the safe havens were, and thinking about this he wondered whether he should admire his team of six, or pity them for their foolishness. However, out of all those in their so-called upper caste, who were supposed to be eligible to volunteer for this daunting task, only these six people had actually done so. Again, he wondered whether they were the bravest of the brave, true heroes to rival those of mythology, or the most foolish of their peers. As for himself, he felt a mixture of anger, at the way he had been forced into undertaking this dangerous mission, and excitement at what may be ahead of them.
They were now in the unlit part of the ancient mine, here it seemed to be in good condition, their lamps, which had been fully charged up prior to their entering the tunnel, lit up the way before them. The lights showed a roughhewn multi-coloured rock, the marks made by the stone chisels and axes showing up clearly. They had been made in this world’s prehistoric age, when men had mined the tunnel for something they greatly valued, but as to what it was Ray could not even guess.
Their first obstacle that they came to was a deep shaft, as black as pitch until their lamps showed them its secrets, such as its depth that was fifty feet. Agdar took command here, using the rope that Ray had carried; he fixed it firmly to a piton that he had previously hammered into a crack in the rock. Without a harness or any other gear, he abseiled slowly down the deep shaft, reaching the bottom in twenty seconds. He was followed by Baldar and Palmar. The backpacks were now lowered down using another length of the rope and finally the rest climbed down, with Cecylia going next followed by Laila and then Magdeli, who descended just before Ray. Magdeli though had some trouble and called back up to him.
“I am snagged up on something, please bear with me; I will soon be free and on my way down.”
Finally, she called up to Ray, her voice echoing through the mine.
“It`s okay, I have freed myself from the snag, I am continuing my descent.”
Now there was only Ray to climb down, he had decided to go last as he assumed that he would be the slowest member of the team, but then he had not been in training for the last twenty odd years. He did not notice the frayed rope as he climbed passed it, luckily, it broke when he was only ten feet from the bottom, and not when he had begun his descent, even so, he was lucky not to break an ankle. Ray though had some experience in falling, from his unarmed combat course that he had gone through two years ago. He had thought it advisable as he would be seen as young to be a captain of a freighter, and the hard cases in space might want to test him, which they had done much to their chagrin.
He was shaken, however, after regaining his feet, and assuring everyone that he was okay, they continued on, with Agdar leading the way. Ray brought up the rear; he wanted to inspect the broken end of the rope without the other members of the team noticing him do it. On inspecting it, he decided that the rope could have frayed due to age, however, if so, why had it not been noticed before the mission had started, when their mission was of such importance to the people of Vanaheimr? There was one more possibility, it could also have been frayed by Magdeli, and after the near miss with the energy weapon, he was worried for his safety.
Apart from his fall, it had been an easy trek so far, although for the moment they were not exhausted, later Ray thought, such a climb might be more difficult, and bring with it the chance of further injuries, he would have to take more notice of Magdeli, and maybe Laila too. Thankfully, they had not met any humanoid foes, nor mythical ones, but then Ray did not expect to, not unless they encountered an Edgar Rice Burrows kind of world, which was even more unlikely, and Ray did not believe in mythological gods or creatures.
After walking for five minutes, they came to a side turning, so Agdar stopped here to discuss what they should do.
“Ray, we talked about this last year, it was decided that we should send two members of the team along each junction to see if it looks promising. A relay would be left at the junction to allow them to report via their personal radios, the team leader would then decide whether they should continue on, or turn back and re-join the main party.” Agdar said and the others all agreed with him. “In this way more of the mine can be investigated, increasing the chances of the team`s success.”
Ray looked at his team for a moment before replying, and as he was team leader, he told them of his decision.
“I don`t think so Agdar, while it would certainly mean more of the mine can be investigated in this way, it also increases the risks posed by the team as a whole. I imagine that each of the earlier teams followed the same plan, am I correct?”
“Well, yes, we have read all of their proposed plans of action and they thought that if they came across any side tunnels that it was imperative that they split the team, so as to increase the chances of finding the Temple of Odin.” Agdar replied.
“And they all lost six of their people, no, we will stay together, that way we are stronger, more able to meet whatever other problems may come our way.”
Agdar looked at Ray and pondered upon what he had heard, then he replied.
“You may be correct Ray, we will do as you say, we will stay together as a single unit.”
Most of the others were happy to agree, for none of them really wanted to leave the main party and venture off into the unknown, most of them happier now to put their trust in Ray to see them safely through their ordeal. However, Magdeli did voice a protest.
“Captain Summers.” She started formally. “This is our world and we six have thought much about this mission, I want to lodge a protest against your decision to go against our group decision.”
Ray looked across at Magdeli and thought, well, you have come out into the open, now I know that you are my enemy, however, all he said was.
“Magdeli Thott, you have lodged your protest, however, I am the team leader and you will follow my orders, now move out, because we are proceeding on as a single team of seven people.”
Anger threatening to get the better of her, Magdeli still managed to do as ordered, and they travelling on, downhill, which was the same direction that they had been going since they had climbed down the shaft, however, now the angle increased. Ray wondered if they would indeed meet an unknown subterranean race, no wonder this mine had entered into this world`s mythology. Ray turned around and looked back the way they had come, it was pitch black behind them, anything could be coming towards them, and not being lit up by their lamps, it would be invisible, it was quite disconcerting. However, the mine shaft was not silent, he could hear water dripping, part of the spring melt, and the rock groaned, although whether it was expanding due to the warmth of spring time or still contracting because down here it was still winter, Ray had no idea.
However, the others had not been privy to his thoughts, and with nothing endangering them, they all felt content when they took their first break. Ray took this opportunity to learn more about their religion and the many myths that were associated with it. Finally, it was time to sleep, and they left Ray outside of the tent, where he stood guard for half of the first three-hour watch. Inside of the tent Agdar stood watch, to ensure that no one kicked the portable heater over and set fire to the tent. When it was time for Ray and Agdar to switch places, Ray was thankful to be the one within the warm tent, although it was hard staying awake.
It was at the end of this first three-hour watch, and Agdar was feeling both chilled and rather tired, that Agdar heard a rushing noise, it was coming up the incline, Agdar swung his lamp around to light up the area, what he saw was water, and it was coming towards them, hundreds of thousands of gallons of it. What they did not know was that they had camped in a depression, the ground rose just a little further on, in fact, it rose a great deal, he immediately called in to his teammates, and apart from Ray, they were all fast asleep within the tent.
“Wake up, quickly, grab your things and run back the way we came, quickly.” Agdar yelled as he grabbed his backpack. “There is a spring flash flood coming our way, and it will be here in seconds, move it.”
The first of the flood water swept past them, and only the waterproof features of the tent stopped them all from getting wet, however, soon the water would rush in through the now open door. Ray was the first out, quickly pulling on his backpack, followed by the others, Cecylia struggling with her backpack while holding their portable heater by its carry handle. They were all in various stages of undress, for their sleeping bags and the heater had permitted them to discard their heavy winter garments. With water lapping around their ankles and rising, Ray quickly closed the tent door and grabbed one of the tent`s carrying handles. Agdar now grabbed another and when Baldar and Palmar had their backpacks on their backs, they took hold of the final two handles, and it was none too soon for the water now reached up to their knees and its force was threatening to sweep them off their feet. The three women had already begun to run up the slope, now the four men were following them, the action splashing water over their bodies. Ray only now realised that the water was warm, the mountain must in fact be a volcano, the translator getting the wrong noun. Just then, Laila turned around to see if the four men were following behind, however, what she saw caused her to scream in fear. Just then, a massive wave crashed over the men and they disappeared from sight under the crashing water. The three women looked in fear, waiting for a sign that their friends were safe, and it was now that the tent bobbed up to the surface with the four men still holding on, their feet frantically treading water as the weight of their backpacks pulled them down. In relief, the women rushed into the water to help pull the tent and all it carried within it, to the safety of the dry land. The water never did get any higher, for unseen by anyone, a side tunnel was syphoning off the water. Had Agdar not been on guard, and not stayed awake, they could have all died. Later, Ray wondered if a flood was behind the deaths of so many of their predecessors.
They quickly changed into their only dry clothing, a warm tracksuit had been amongst the items provided by the government, they immediately felt both warmer and better, except for Palmar, who asked.
“How are we meant to get passed that amount of water, to swim through it will lower our body temperatures to a dangerous degree?”
Palmar foresaw their team being the only one to fail in its duty, the result being the death of his people; however, Ray thought that he had an answer. He shone his lamp over the slowly ebbing water and saw something that might offer a glimmer of hope to his team.
“Look everyone; is that the top of a side tunnel becoming visible on the right? I think it is and also the water appears to be ebbing away through it” Ray cried out, and then added. “By the time we have had our sleep period, and then some breakfast, the water level will have dropped to a fordable level.” Ray said. “We shall see, meantime, we should all get some sleep, apart for our two new guards, Laila and Cecylia, I believe that you two are due to take over from Agdar and myself.” Ray said in a cheerful voice, in the hope of cheering up his downcast team. They were finally able to relax, the light from their lamps showing the depth to what the water had risen, and the water level here had indeed begun to fall away.
Feeling a little better now, they set up the tent again, then they all tried to get some sleep, with Laila initially standing on guard outside of the tent and Cecylia within the tent. The heater was again turned on, this time to dry their wet clothing as well as to keep the sleepers warm. Outside, Laila watched as the water slowly drained away, finally, at the end of this watch there was only a small puddle left. Ray decided that it was now time to push on, and he said to his team.
“Sixteen hours have gone from the normal seventy-two taken to complete our task and get back to the base. We are still all together, be in good cheer my friends as we begin the next sixteen-hour session, which should see us nearing the spot where you must conduct the ceremony.” Ray said heartily, attempting to install cheerfulness amongst his team who were decidedly looking a little glum.
However, something had affected the health of Agdar, Baldar and Palmar, when they attempt to leave the tent and to stand up, they found they were feeling very tired, they also had high temperatures, together with a bad headache. Something in the water they inadvertently swallowed when the large wave had engulfed them had affected them, only Ray of those who went under the water was unaffected, and he assumed that it must be to do with the fact that he was an alien here on the planet Vanaheimr.
Cecylia was decidedly not full of good cheer now, and she made that clear to everyone else.
“If the men do not feel able to push on, then we should leave them behind, so that we can complete our mission. You probably do not realise it Ray, but after entering the mine we have to complete the ceremony within fifty hours, otherwise Ragnarok will begin and nothing that we do after that time will prevent it.”
Ray looked at his team and attempted to lift their spirits one more time.
“In that case we have another thirty-four hours in which to conduct the ceremony, which should be plenty of time, we cannot afford to leave our people behind at this stage, for we may well regret it later.” Ray replied trying and succeeding in keeping the anger that he felt from his voice.
Although Agdar, Baldar and Palmar were well below par, they too demanded to push on, and with the three women threatening to go without Ray, they moved off as a group of seven people. However, Ray and the women took some of the load off the men, making it easier for them to continue, but with some complaints from the women, especially Magdeli.
“I did not sign up to be a donkey, Captain Summers that is their job.” Magdeli complained bitterly after the first ten minutes of carrying the tent.
“Have you never heard of the equality of the sexes; this has given you the opportunity to prove it.” Ray replied angrily and wondering if such a thing had ever been an issue on this planet.
The men were looking and feeling better as they set off down the incline, into the ever-dwindling puddle of water, their waterproof boots doing the important job of keeping their feet dry, stopping for a moment they all looked down the side tunnel that had been their saviour. One thought ran through all of their minds, had they arrived earlier, and had they sent two of their team along it to investigate it, as they had originally planned, then these two people would surely have been drowned in the flood. Unfortunately, their feeling of good cheer soon ended, for when Ray allowed his team to rest after their first one hour`s walk, the men almost collapsed to the ground. After resting they set off again, but the time between rest periods shortened, while the time taken to rest up lengthened. Finally, they were forced to stop, after walking and resting for only four hours, as the three men were incapable of going any further. Ray knew that he needed to do something, or the men would indeed have to be left behind, and who knew if they could return this way to help them, and if they would still be alive when any survivors came back. Therefore, he spoke to them all, once again attempting to buoy up the spirits of his team.
“Firstly, the good news, we have only been underground for twenty hours, so we still have plenty of time to spare. Secondly Agdar, Palmar and Baldar are in need of our help, if they are to survive,” Ray reasoned. “I propose to try something that I brought with me from my ship, and it is either that or we will have to leave the guys behind, how about it?”
He had in fact had Johnny collect some anti-biotics when he visited their craft, along with a few other things.
The men agreed, ready to try anything rather than be left behind, to die, and they took the anti-biotics without a murmur, and during this unscheduled break, Ray thought it best if he allowed the men to sleep. After a meal, that he had to force upon them, they did sleep, and for the next eight hours, although whether it refreshed them, he was doubtful, for they moved around quite a lot in their sleep as the fever took hold of them, groaning all the while, and their bedding and clothing was soaked with their sweat. However, during the final hour, their temperatures began to drop and they slept far more peacefully. With the women of the party eager to set off, Ray woke the men and found to his delight that their strength had partially returned and their temperatures were only just above normal. Even so, Ray only allowed them to carry the minimum of weight, which brought further complaints from Magdeli, which Ray pointedly ignored.
They passed many small streams, which Ray allowed his team to drink from, using the Lifestraws that Johnny had collected for him from the Sirius Star, these allowed the user to drink clean water, and safe from sediment and waterborne diseases. This handy device, invented in the twenty first century, was a godsend for travellers, for it reduced the amount of water they had to carry. After another four hours, Ray called an end to their day; they had been underground now for thirty-two hours and God willing they would be able to find the ceremonial site quite soon. They set up camp, and after they had all eaten, he ordered the men to get some more sleep, he and the women stood guard on the two, three-hour watch sessions
The night, if it could be termed so, for Ray could not remember if it was night or day up on the surface, passed well, the three patients looked better every minute, and when they woke the next day, they were all feeling much better
The first thing that Cecylia and Laila did was to thank Ray for saving the lives of the three men, and also in keeping the team whole. Ray accepted their words of thanks and then said.
“We have only been underground for thirty-eight hours, even if it feels like a month, our destination cannot be far away, today should see us reach it.” Ray said but here he was interrupted.
“We are hours behind schedule and you have no idea if we are even heading in the correct direction.” Magdeli screamed out in panic. “And we only have twelve hours left to complete our mission.”
Ray once again chose to ignore her protests and instead he continued speaking.
“After we have performed the ceremony, we will rest up, if the situation permits. We have plenty of food, and I brought some of my own survival rations along. Water is no problem, as long as we do not drink it without first filtering it through the Lifestraws.” Ray said in an upbeat fashion. “Soon we will all be home, so let`s go and find the ceremonial site, it should be just ahead of us.”
Except for Magdeli, they were all feeling good, and they knew that it was because of their leader that they had survived as a team. Even when the tunnel roof dropped down, making them have to hunch over to walk, they took it in good cheer. However, when the tunnel necessitated that they would have to crawl along it, while they pushed their backpacks in front of them, they stopped to discuss the situation.
“Could we have taken a wrong turning, maybe the other teams always split up whenever they came to a side turning, and maybe that is why only one person ever returned.” Cecylia ventured.
“I agree Cecylia, this must be the wrong way, we should have investigated the side tunnels.” Magdeli complained bitterly.
“Isn`t this task also supposed to be a test of your right to conduct the ceremony, as well as to actually conduct the ceremony?” Ray asked them all. “Well, maybe this wormhole here is part of the test of your right to conduct the ceremony. We should go on for another hour at least, after that I will be willing to listen to your suggestions, but bare this in mind, we have been heading into a breeze for some time now, and it must be coming from somewhere.”
“Ray is correct, and he has kept us alive up until now, I say we should follow his lead, and right up until the end if necessary.” Palmar declared angrily. “What about it? After all, the only survivors of past missions could have been the ones coming this way, that could be the reason behind the many deaths, the rest died while conducting unsuccessful searches along countless side tunnels.”
In answer to Palmar`s question, followed by his reasoned explanation, Laila took off her backpack and then got down onto the floor, then putting the backpack in front of her she began to squirm along the wormhole. Agdar, Baldar, Palmar took back all of the goods that the three women had taken off them, for they no longer had to carry the weight, just push it. The way was rough going, their knees hurt and occasionally they banged their heads on the low ceiling, bringing forth a curse in their language, at first the curses brought forth laughter, but that soon ended. Their progress was slower of course, but the men found that they could now keep up without slowing the others. When Magdeli was on the point of calling a halt and turning back, though how they could have been accomplished this in the confined space of the worm hole was anyone`s guess, the height of the tunnel increased until it was back to being six feet in height.
Ahead of them, Cecylia`s lamp showed that the tunnel had come to an end, and a large cavernous chamber opened up ahead of them. They all turned on their lamps and attempted to light up the vast space in front of them, but it was so large that it was impossible. By lighting up the ground before them they saw that the ground dropped down to a flatter level, and as they descended, their lamps lit up a group of standing stones set roughly in the middle of the cavern. They looked much as the Egyptian temple of Karnak did, but on a miniscule scale, and without the intricate carvings. The stones made up a square measuring thirty feet along each side, with a portal at the side looking directly at them, and the stones that made up the portal were covered in ancient Nordic runes.
Magdeli stopped and stared at it, hoping no doubt to see the god Odin appear, or maybe Thor, however, when nothing happened, she began to walk down the incline, her eyes darting this way and that, searching for the god who the survivors of previous missions had always spoken of. She now brought this to everyone`s attention.
“Where is Odin, why has he not come to meet us?” She asked. “I will tell you why, it is because we have an alien with us, an unbeliever. Having come so far are we now to fail because we are unable to conduct the ceremony.”
Her words rang around the massive chamber, and as they neared the temple, they saw what appeared to be a large square altar set in the middle of the square, and it was approached along a wide way that started at the portal and finished three feet passed the altar. Laila now called out to the others.
“There is an altar; surely after all of our training we can manage to conduct the ceremony without the assistance of a god.”
Ray walked up to the entrance to the temple and looked in at the stone altar, his mind full of the stories of treasure hunters and booby traps. He could see nothing to indicate that there were such things waiting to trap the teams who had preceded his, so he slowly led the way along the wide way, passed the massive uprights, until they reached the altar. There was nothing upon it to indicate that a ceremony had ever been held upon it, in fact the whole temple showed no signs that people had ever walked amongst its massive uprights.
Laila`s previous words had reassured the others, except for Magdeli, and they spread out to look around the temple, for they had plenty of time to conduct the ceremony. The temple was composed of six lines of massive stone uprights, three on either side of the portal, with equally massive lintels laying atop them, going from front to back. Looking at the stones, Ray wondered whether the space between the lintels, which was open now, had once been covered by straw or reeds. Ray reckoned that the stone must have been cut out of the walls of the chamber, for how could the builders have taken the stone into the chamber. However, when Ray asked the others if they knew who the builders had been, and when the temple had been built, not one of them could even hazard a guess. Apart from answering Ray`s question, or that is, not answering it, no one had said a word, they were simply awed into silence.
Magdeli walked up to the altar and began to pray to Odin, beseeching him to appear and assist them in their holy task, that was to keep Loki confined, the others looked about them, also eager to meet a real god, however, nothing happened. Silence reigned within the ancient holy place, holy even now to the members of his team, then Cecylia called out.
“Look, there is a staircase descending down beneath the temple, over here.” She pointed to one of the gaps between the uprights, this one to the rear of the altar.
“Don`t approach it until we have investigated the floor in front of it.” Ray ordered as pictures of booby traps flooded his mind once again. Ray and the others moved around the altar to gather about Cecylia.
Ray knelt down and investigated the stone paving in front of the steps, then he tested the first two steps, but nothing happened. He looked up at Cecylia and spoke to her.
“It looks to be safe Cecylia, but even so I think that we should take it slowly, because something stopped most of the members of the earlier teams from returning.”
From behind him, he could hear Magdeli; she had joined the others and was once again praying to Odin, beseeching him to aid them. Ignoring her, Ray slipped slowly down the steps, investigating as he descended, but finally, he was at the bottom and nothing had happened, it looked to be a regular crypt, would they find any bodies within it, he hoped not.
Their lamps lit up a door, and upon the door was something that Ray could not read, it comprised of two blocks of strange letters.
“It is written in runes, a very ancient version, we will be able to translate them, in time, however, I am not so sure that we will beat the deadline, and if we do, we do not know what is on the other side of this door, and where that will lead us.” Agdar said.
“We have nine hours left Agdar, more than enough time. That is if you six work on the translation without contemplating failure.” Ray said angrily.
“Our leader has spoken.” Magdeli replied contemptuously which Ray ignored, for to get in an argument with Magdeli would be self-defeating.
Runes are letters from an ancient alphabet, one used before Latin letters became the norm in the western world. While the others worked on their translation, Ray looked at the ancient message and decided to try a long shot. From within his backpack he pulled the last item that Johnny had brought from the Sirius Star, it was a small tablet computer, and on to it, Johnny had downloaded everything that he had about his grandparents’ land of origin, its ancient religion and its languages. He scanned the door with the tablet and then waited to see if his small computer could decipher what was written upon the door, seconds later a modern translation appeared on the computer. It seemed that the message was written in proto-Norse and the small tablet had translated it into modern English, the first block of runes said.
‘This is the eternal prison of Loki, to ensure that the magic binding him does not fail, this door must be opened every one hundred years and the ceremony of Ragnarok performed to renew the binding spell.’
The computer then showed him the translation of the second block of runes.
‘Push Loki and the door will open, but beware, only those worthy to conduct the ceremony of Loki will be allowed access to the altar of Odin.’
Ray then shared his success with the others.
“Your valiant leader has deciphered the message team, here read this.” Ray said offering his tablet computer to Agdar.
Agdar took a while to read out the English translation as the language was alien to him, thankfully, his ‘Tutor’ had passed on written English to him alone of the Valkyries. His tutor was a super computer, which had downloaded the English language to them via a small microchip that had been inserted into their brain just prior to meeting Ray.
His team said nothing for a moment as Agdar read the two translations, then Cecylia asked.
“Just how come you were able to translate our language, you an alien from a far-off world?” Her voice full of doubt, for she had begun to trust him long before the others.
This question also brought scowls of distrust from Magdeli, who seemed to be about to launch a verbal attack upon him.
“Because Cecylia, your people and mine must be closely related.” Ray replied. “We too know of Thor, Odin and Loki. We also know of the hall Valhalla within Asgard. Don`t you see my friends, we are your long-lost cousins, I am your long-lost cousin.”
His team took a moment to take his words in, then Agdar took his hand and said to Ray.
“Maybe you were sent by Odin himself, to ensure that we got through our terrible ordeal, and this time, without any loss of life.”
Even Magdeli face softened as they once more looked at the translation, and it was she who spoke first.
“You translation said that we must press Loki, it cannot mean the god, it must mean the runes upon the door.”
Baldar now spoke.
“So let us try, we cannot be any worse off, let four of us press one of the runes each that spell his name, four of us together, for I believe that is what the message must mean.”
For in their language Loki was spelt as it sounds, using four letters. With that Baldar, Palmar, Laila and Magdeli moved forward and pressed the runes together, and the door clicked open.
Within the now open door, their lamps lit up a large square room with another altar set at the far side of the room, and masses of blue crystals seemingly growing out of the walls of the room. Around the walls of the room, Ray could see that previous teams had left both bronze and steel weapons, magnificent swords and spears, although the wooden spear handles had rotted away, and there were also beautifully decorated shields left behind by heroes. His first inclination was to enter the temple to inspect the offerings, however, the warning on the door stopped him from entering the room without first taking a moment to look into every nook and cranny, all be it from outside of the room.
“Hang on team while we scan the room for traps, the runes did say that only the worthy should enter.” Ray said.
The others, who had been about to enter the room, stopped at the doorway and allowed Ray, as he was their leader, to look over the entire room, from the safety of the doorway. Ray saw that the ceiling was constructed of stone, with no blemishes anywhere to show that something had been concealed there, as were the four walls. There were no holes that concealed arrows, just waiting to be unleashed upon the unwary. That only left the floor, and Ray now concentrated upon this, and here he thought he saw a line that continued all around the room, it was three feet in from the two sidewalls, the same distance in from the doorway, and also from the altar set near to the rear wall.
“I believe there just may be a trap door, you can just make out the line of it.” Ray said kneeling down just inside the room and touching the line with his hunting knife, he then traced the line before him so that the others could see it before using the tip of the knife to clean out the join between the trap door and the solid floor.
“It is probably operated whenever the weight upon it is right.” He ventured. “However, we can easily walk around it, thereby not triggering the trap door and suffering the fate its maker planned for the unworthy.”
The others now warily entered the room, but keeping well away from the trap door, and they walked around it to stand before the altar, which was covered in statuettes of the Nordic gods at the rear, and smaller, more personal, offerings in front of them, and it was now that Laila noticed something.
“There appears to be a compartment built in to the front of the altar, look just there.” She said pointing to another line that looked very much like a small door.
Baldar knelt down and touched the door on the left-hand side, and it pivoted outwards showing a small cupboard. Within the cupboard was a bowl, on taking it out they saw that it was an elaborately carved marble bowl, blackened in the bottom of the bowl, but otherwise perfect.
“It must have been used for the previous ceremonies.” He said putting it into a space on the top of the altar that Cecylia had quickly made. “We can use it for our own one, come on let`s conduct the ceremony and get out of this underworld, I will be glad to see the sky again.”
The others all agreed, so they each took out the herbs, seeds, incense, petals sugar and dried grasses that they had each brought with them, to ensure that any survivor had a supply of them. Agdar, who Ray thought had gone into a trance, began to speak in his native language, while Laila lit a long white taper and ignited the offerings. The smell of the burning incense filled the room as Agdar continued to talk, everyone else was silent with their head bowed when it happened. Just then, the head of a large snake appeared from behind the statuette of Odin, and it was moving forward towards Agdar who was still in his trance like state, still reciting an ancient prayer to Odin.
Ray`s large hunting knife seemed to spring into his hand as he moved up to the side of Agdar and forced it down into the top of the large snake`s head, into its brain. He forced the sharp weapon all the way through the snake`s head and then jerking it towards himself when the tip of the blade hit the stone of the altar. The cutting edge of the knife sliced through the bone, flesh and brain of the reptile and only stopped when it had cut the creatures mouth in two. The snake`s head dropped down into the bowl of burning offering and began to slowly burn.
Agdar slowly came out of his trance and Cecylia told him what had happened, he turned his head towards Ray.
“Ray, thank you once again my friend, how I could have managed to last these twenty-four years without you beside me, I do not know.”
One thing puzzled Ray, how did the snake find its way inside the holy mountain, did it perhaps follow its prey along a narrow volcanic vent? However, before he left, he asked the others if he might take a photograph of the room, together with all of its offerings.
“Only if you leave your knife Ray, for the gods always demand payment, and your weapon slew the serpent, a creature of Loki.” Agdar replied. “I too will leave an offering.” He added and brought a golden figure of the god Odin from out of his backpack.
Ray thought about what Agdar had said, for he was fond of the knife, having it ever since he was a youth, but he knew that the deal would be worth it so he said.
“I suppose that is only fair, but in return I ask to be able to take a photograph of the temple.”
“That is acceptable Ray, for the weapon of a hero must be worth more than one photograph.”
Ray took more than one photograph, using their lamps to light the room; Ray took a time-delayed photograph of them all, with the temple behind them as a backdrop.
As for Magdeli, she had decided that her people had been wrong about Ray, for as Agdar had said, he had been sent to them by Odin, to lead them safely through the underworld.
Cecylia prised one of the blue crystals loose from the wall and tucked it into her backpack, and then they took their leave of the small temple, and then of the larger temple.

**********

They were finally back at the bottom of the deep shaft, but with no rope hanging there to climb, it having broken when Ray had almost been killed, the rope that had allowed them to climb down the deep shaft into their own personal underworld. Luckily, part of their training had included mountain climbing, and so Agdar was able to climb the shaft and fit a new length of rope to the piton. The others quickly climbed up the new length of rope, and even Ray managed it, although he was slower than the others.
Not far ahead of them now was the white solid metal door that would allow them re-entry into their normal world. Agdar, Baldar, Palmar, Laila, Magdeli and Cecylia all agreed that they should hand over the blue crystal to Ray, their leader. They even allowed their leader to bang on the door to tell of their return, however, Ray stood to one side to allow his teammates to walk through first into the military base, he following on behind them, with the prized crystal now in his right hand. His teammates made a pathway for him to walk along, and he handed the crystal over to the amazed government minister, who had just arrived, having had to run to greet whoever had managed to return.
On seeing the minister, Ray felt his anger at the man returning, however, he once again controlled it and he walked over to the man.
“I believe that you want this minister.” Ray said handing the blue crystal over to him.
Agdar, the self-appointed team spokesman, now told the minister how they owed everything, including their lives, to their hastily appointed team leader, and that their world owed him even more, for Ragnarok had been delayed for another one hundred years.
Over a hot meal, the story of their epic journey into the underworld was told, and over a last celebratory drink in the small bar of the facility, the minister had an offer to make to him.
“Captain Summers, rather than continue your search for your home world, we would be delighted if you and your friends would agree to stay on our world. You are a hero to our people, and no world can ever have too many of those, please will you consider it? Because of you, we now know the way to the temple, we know of the dangers within the underworld, and the answer to the runes written upon the door. We even have your photographs to show our people, of the temple and the altar of Odin. Never again will we have to fear the task, or lose the bravest of our younger generation.”
“Thank you minister, and thank you too my friends.” Ray said to those in the bar. “When I am re-united with my friend Johnny, and the children, we will all consider your kind offer.”
This was all Ray would say in reply to the offer, the minister`s kind words taking the edge of his anger. He had also decided to forget about Magdeli and her attempts on his life, in any case it would be difficult to prove his suspicions, and should he voice them, it might even harm any future relations between Earth and Vanaheimr, if he succeeded in finding his way home. There was one other reason to put the attempts on his life behind him, it was obvious to him that her attitude to him had changed, she no longer looked upon him as an agent for the god Loki.
However, as far as staying on the Vanaheimr, he also had an obligation to Professor to Wentzler to take into account, and the people in the New Caledonian Refuge Centre on the planet Malletta.

**********

When Ray got back to the Sirius Star, that was still docked at the massive space dock, he found that his success in his mission had already reached Johnny and the children, and they celebrated with fresh food given to them by the commander of the space dock. The children also had some news of their own, they told Ray how they were taken down to the planet`s surface where they enjoyed their first ever visit to a theme park, and how they played with the children who were there.
“Ray, we both felt guilty, enjoying ourselves while you were in the underworld.” Nymah confessed softly. “The minister arranged it for us, he said that for us to dwell on the danger you were in would only make us ill, and when Johnny said that we were due some fun, we went, was it so awful of us?”
“Awful of you?” Ray replied. “Of course not, you of all the children on this planet are due some fun in your lives.”
His words had the effect of bringing smiles to their faces, and they told Ray of all the rides that they had enjoyed, rides that they had never imaged could ever exist.
Ray now told them all of the minister`s offer, to stay here rather than to search for their own home world, and Johnny looked over at the children and said to them.
“Tomas, Nymah, I think that the two of you should consider the offer, they will provide you with a life that we cannot offer you, not yet anyways, not until we find New Caledonia, and we may even be heading in the wrong direction.”
“Don`t you want us any more Johnny, is it the animals?” Nymah asked quietly.
“Of course, we want you, even with your ever hungry goats; it is just that we do not know what sort of world we will come to next.” Johnny explained.
“In that case Johnny, Ray, we will do whatever you decide to do, as for the danger, we are used to it, we might even miss it if it were to disappear from our lives.” Nymah replied and Tomas nodded his agreement amid a face full of smiles.
Ray summed up his own reason for leaving in a few words.
“What would I do here, my life revolves around the Sirius Star, and while I suppose we could deliver cargo to the far end of this planetary system, I would begin to feel bored after a while, without any challenges to test me.” Although he now added one reason for staying. “Mind you, there isn`t a multitude of religions on this planet, and that certainly makes for an easier life, and a quieter one, especially one without archbishops, imams and whatever, stirring up trouble.”
Johnny had to agree that although he would have no problem with the gods of Vanaheimr either, the easy life spoken of by Ray might begin to bore him after a while, so he too was for leaving. After much discussion, they decided to leave the planet Vanaheimr, even though they could enjoy a good life here, and this was the answer that they gave to Blom. However, upon hearing their decision, Blom asked another favour of them.
“In that case Captain, please delay your departure from our world for one month, so that our scientists can have time to inspect your Stardrive, and I will ensure that the children enjoy this short break away from the danger that you have all lived through over the last Earth month or so.”
Ray looked at the minister, and then he looked inside himself for the anger that he had once felt towards this man, towards this world, however, it was gone, truth be said he had enjoyed his brief excursion into danger. However, he thought that this world had a debt to pay, if only because of the fears that had beset Tomas and Nymah when they had all been arrested, so he said.
“Only if the animals can spend this time on your planet, living in the open during the day and in a cave or a barn during the night, for it is cruel to keep them confined aboard the Sirius Star for long periods of time.” Ray then added. “And thank you for your offer regarding Tomas and Nymah, I would like them to see what a civilised world is like, to see its beauties without fear being their constant companion.”
Blom agreed, and later he came back and told them where they and their animals would be based on Vanaheimr. The animals were to be kept in one of the large quarantine areas used by the biologists of Vanaheimr. The Sirius Star would also be based there; this would allow the children to return to it each night. The scientists of Vanaheimr would be based nearby, travelling to the Sirius Star each morning. He then asked if Johnny would agree to show them their Stardrive, and explain how it worked. Johnny was still unsure about this, however, he had decided to follow Ray`s lead on this matter, as he had on other matters in the past, for a young man, Ray had an old head upon his shoulders. In fact, it worked to their advantage as the scientists’ provided parts that enabled Johnny to finish repairing the starship so that it would pass the stiffest of inspections.
They, their starship and their animals, soon became a tourist attraction, one that the people of Vanaheimr flocked to see, especially the alien starship and its brave captain. Ray answered all of their questions and never tired of greeting them, however, the month soon passed, and truth be told, they were ready to leave. However, before they left, Ray reminded the minister about the warm water they had encountered within the holy mountain, and the possibility that there was volcanic activity beneath the mountain.
“Thank you, Captain, we have not forgotten your earlier warning, and we are looking into this matter, our early results show that there is indeed a small amount of volcanism occurring to one side of the mountain, and it was this that warmed the melting snow. However, at the moment we do not feel that this will endanger the ancient temple site. Not while our young people travel into the mountain each one hundred years to prevent Ragnarok.”
With that detail out of the way, Blom spoke on a subject that he felt was of importance to his people.
“Captain, may I beg yet another favour of you, would you consider being our special ambassador to your planet, when you find it, to tell them a little about us and to ask them to visit us as soon as is viable?”
“Minister, it will be my pleasure to assist you in this way, I promise you that when we find our home world, we will tell them of yours, its location and its ancient history, and your desire to be reunited with your lost cousins.” Ray promised the minister. “And I am sure that they will despatch a starship to your planet filled with politicians and anthropologists as soon as they can find a suitable starship.” Ray assured the minister. “However, this will come with its own downside; your religion is no longer followed on Earth by many of our people, nor on its colonies. Missionaries are bound to come too, all preaching variations on a common theme, that theirs is the true way to paradise.”
Ray no longer felt angry at their initial reception, in fact, he saw that this world had united behind one parliament, while on Earth, even now, there were still many power blocs, even if they had finally agreed on a single President of Earth. Ray even felt a sense of pity for the people of Vanaheimr, to meet a long-lost cousin, only to wish that they would leave would bring a heart-breaking sense of disappointment to the people of Vanaheimr, and Ray knew that this could well happen, depending upon who led the Earth mission sent to meet them.
Their new friends had stocked the Sirius Star with an ample supply of animal fodder that would last them for a month at least, their water tanks were full, as were their larders and their air supply was full of clean non-recycled air. They even supplied two bunk beds, complete with bedding, for the children to sleep on; no longer would they have to endure the hard decking of the Sirius Star. That evening they took their leave of the planet Vanaheimr, repeating their promise to inform Earth of their presence, when they finally got back to their own sector of space.

Chapter Six

The Planet Breidablik

Five days into their flight, they picked up a distress call from up ahead, it purported to be coming from a vessel in danger of being dragged into the atmosphere of a gas giant, where of course it would burn up, that or be crushed, or both. The language was again of Nordic origin, and as the people of the planet Vanaheimr did not have the capability of travelling beyond their own system, it seemed that someone had seeded this section of space with humans from ancient Scandinavia on at least two planets. Ray called out to Johnny, who was in the galley making them both a coffee, and he told him of the call.
“Johnny, I have picked up a distress call from another vessel, and the translator is identifying the language as a form of Nordic, your ancestors seem to be everywhere?” He said quizzically. “I am dropping out of hyperspace to investigate it.”
“You be careful Ray that is an old pirate trick, you had better approach with care.” Johnny warned.
“I will Johnny, don`t worry.”
“I just hope that these aliens meet and greet First Contact visitors a little better than the last lot did.” Johnny said.
To this sentiment Ray agreed whole heartedly as he took the Sirius Star out of hyperspace at the edge of the planetary system, and advanced at their best normal space speed towards the location of the call.
Their sensors soon picked up the craft, it was in orbit around a gas giant, and moments later their computer informed them that the vessel`s engine was indeed damaged, and looked to be beyond repair, Ray took the Sirius Star closer to the stricken vessel and hailed its captain, using the translation programme that the people of Vanaheimr had installed within their computer, so that an Earth ship could use it if, or when, it appeared in their system.
“Thank god that you arrived in time, an explosion has killed our engineer and destroyed our engine, we only have a few hours of oxygen left and the temperature aboard our vessel is dropping fast. If that is not enough the nearby gas giant is pulling us towards it. Please help us; we have women and children on board the ship.” The captain begged
“How many of you are there?” Ray asked.
Ray noticed that the captain had said women and children, on Earth the captain would have merely said children, as men and women were seen as equals, sharing the danger between them. Obviously, equality between the sexes had not yet reached this captain`s people, at least as regarding sharing the danger.
“Including myself we are just ten souls.” The captain replied.
“Okay, Captain, we are moving in to land our forward section on to your craft`s upper hull, we will be with you in just two minutes.” Ray informed the anxious spaceman. “You will then be able to escape from your craft through your emergency airlock, I can see it on my external cameras, and fear not, for we will ensure that the connection is airtight.”
Ray now turned to Johnny who had just entered the small bridge with their coffees.
“They are in serious trouble Johnny, will you go to the lower emergency airlock and be ready to send out the emergency transfer sheaf to lock over their upper airlock, you can expect ten survivors, including children.” Ray asked.
Ray manoeuvred the Sirius Star over the top of the stricken craft. Johnny was in the main hold now, explaining to the children what was happening. He felt the Sirius Star bump against the alien spacecraft, and then Ray called down.
“We are on top of their spacecraft Johnny, let me know when you have the emergency transfer sheaf locked into position.”
Johnny looked at the small screen near to the emergency airlock, through it a small camera showed him that Ray had landed perfectly, their own emergency airlock rested atop the one on the alien one. Johnny now pressed a button and a sheaf moved slowly out from around the emergency airlock on the underside of the Sirius Star, to attach magnetically to the stricken spacecraft, locking the airtight seal and ensuring the two spacecraft stayed locked together, barring accidents. Johnny now pressurised their airlock, and then the area within the transfer tube. After notifying Ray that everything was set, and Ray passing this on to the alien captain, ten survivors climbed up into the hold of the Sirius Star, three men, three women and four children. Johnny was there to greet them and he sighed when he saw more blue-eyed blond Nordic types. However, he left the children to look after the survivors, for he had work to do. He first depressurised their airlock and the transfer sheaf, then he released the sheaf from the alien ship and retracted it, finally he called back up to Ray.
“They are all aboard Ray, and everything is stowed away, you can move us away from the alien craft.”
Ray slowly moved away from the stricken vessel and then pulled away from the gas giant, however, just then his sensors warned him of the approach of another ship, and from its design, it was obvious to Ray that it was a military vessel of some kind.
“Stop your engines, this is the space cruiser Bander, please identify yourselves.”
Using the translation programme, Ray understood most of what was said, and he then attempted to reply to the military vessel.
“This is the freighter Sirius Star; we are strangers to your system and request permission to dock at your space station. We have just rescued ten survivors from the small craft on our starboard side; if you want to salvage it then you had better do it fast, because it is being drawn down into the gas giant.” Ray replied politely.
“The craft was full of criminals, and by rescuing them you in turn have committed a crime, please follow our craft to our space dock.”
Although this is where Ray had asked to be allowed to go, he did not want to visit it as a criminal, so he attempted to explain.
“Captain, as I have already informed you, we are not of this solar system, but we are in fact lost following an accident that threw us hundreds of light years away from our home world. We are only seeking a way home, dropping out of hyperspace only when we need to replenish our air water and food supplies, and to also check the stars to see if our NavCom can at last get a fix on our position.” Ray explained and then added. “You should also know that the so-called criminals include four children; surely they cannot be guilty of a crime and therefore deserve to be rescued?”
While waiting for the alien captain to reply, Ray studied the vessel in front of them. From the design of it, Ray could see that it resembled an old-time space cruiser of Earth. He could see one good thing about their situation, that the cruiser possessed Stardrive capability, basic though it looked and much like their own, this meant that if they were permitted to check this world`s star charts, then they may be able to get a fix on their own solar system. The alien captain never did reply, it was only later that he spoke, when they neared the space dock. However, the captain of the space cruiser did report to the leaders of Breidablik, he told them that the spacecraft being brought back to their space dock was of alien origin. His superiors immediately expressed their interest in meeting the captain of the alien vessel, as too were the president of Breidablik and his cabinet, when they were informed minutes later.
In the hold, the survivors were scared; they feared that the military would take them in for questioning, followed by a trial and imprisonment, even though their only crime was to be members of a cult, one that clings on to the ancient myths of their planet. For they were followers of Odin, while the majority of their world now believed in a new god, one whose followers appeared from out of the desert one thousand years ago. The prophet of the new god promised much to those who would follow his god, including everlasting life in paradise, for the righteous, and an eternity of pain for those who followed the path of evil. The new religion spread quickly across the planet, its priests demanding that all other religions be banned. One small nation had refused to follow the new god and their land was invaded and their temples destroyed. The people of this small nation began to disperse across the planet, worshipping Odin in secret, and slowly their numbers grew into hundreds of thousands.
The leader of the survivors asked permission to speak to him, so Ray allowed him to join him on the bridge.
With feelings of Deja vu, Ray attempted to calm Thor, the leader of the group; however, he was unsuccessful.
“You must turn about and flee from the military vessel, otherwise we will all be imprisoned, a fate that may well be shared by you and your people.” Thor pleaded with him.
“That is impossible, as you must know, the Sirius Star is merely a small freighter, I cannot attempt to escape from a space cruiser without being damaged and maybe even destroyed.” Ray explained.
When Thor related this answer a few minutes later, to the rest of the survivors, they slumped to the floor, their hopes dashed, and fearful of their future.
The Sirius Star was taken to another space dock, this one in orbit above the planet Breidablik, the home world of this new Nordic race. Using his own docking tube, for Ray remembered the trouble Riker had when he wanted to leave quickly, the Sirius Star was soon docked at the space station. Soon after, an officer accompanied by two crewmen arrived at the airlock and requested to board the Sirius Star. Seeing no alternative, Ray opened the airlock and the three men came aboard the ship.
“I am Commander Stargenson of the National Guard; I am here to interview you.”
“Well, you had better come through to the galley, it the only suitable area on the Sirius Star where you can explain the actions of your people. We have come in peace Commander, and are met with hostility and accusations. Is this how First Contact between two space faring worlds is seen as acceptable on your world?” Ray replied.
It was slow going, for the Vanaheimr language on the Sirius Star`s computer differed slightly from this new language. However, things began to improve significantly, for Commander Stargenson was finally convinced that the Sirius Star was indeed an alien starship, but then he asked.
“How is your computer able to translate our language into your own, seeing as how you have only just entered our planetary system?” His voice full of suspicion once again.
“We have just left another planet in a planetary system quite near to your own, its people speak a form of your language, they were able to translate our language and as a parting gift they added a translation program to our computer.” Ray explained. “Added to that is the fact that the people of all our three worlds are related, we are your long-lost cousins Commander, for both of your people almost certainly originated on Earth where forms of your languages are still spoken.”
Commander Stargenson now reported to his superiors that he was able to speak with the aliens, and how, and he was ordered to transmit everything said, in real time, to the president and his cabinet, who were eagerly awaiting to listen in, they being on the planet Breidablik. Stargenson was easily able to obey this order by leaving his radio on send, and any instructions that his superiors wanted to give him were received via an earpiece he wore. The president and his cabinet sat spellbound as they listened to all that was said, all talk of the arrest of the crew of the Sirius Star as criminals was instantly forgotten, instead the officer was instructed to make Ray an offer.
“What you have told me is most interesting, to find two other worlds that, as you say may be related to our own, it is fantastic. Please tell me, will you go down to my world to speak to some of our leaders, our academics, tell them all about these many long-lost cousins, both near and far?”
Ray happily agreed, but then the commander demanded that the survivors be released into his care.
Ray saw nothing wrong in allowing the two parties to meet, but he was not sure about releasing the survivors into the care of the military. However, he led the three military men down to the hold. They were astonished to see the animals there.
“It is a long story Commander.” Ray replied.
The children were speaking to the survivors when the commander entered, and they all look up apprehensively as the three men stopped in front of them with derisive smirks on their faces.
“So, we meet again Thor, and once more you were in need of rescue.” Commander Stargenson stated contemptuously.
Thor looked up at Commander Stargenson and smiled at him.
“Good to see you again Ander, you are looking well.” Thor replied amiably. “Are we free to go, or are we to play more of your silly games?” Thor asked knowingly.
A scowl wiped the derision off the face of Commander Stargenson.
“Only as far as a prison shuttle Thor, and this time you will be taken to the prison moon of Hell, you will not easily escape from there.” Commander Stargenson almost spat out.
Across the hold from the confrontation between the two men, Nymah caught Ray`s eye and shook her head, her eyes telling Ray that he must not allow the survivors to leave in the custody of these men.
Ray wanted to speak to Nymah, to see what he had missed, whatever it was, it now appeared that he also had to delay the departure of the survivors, and so he said.
“First Commander, these people need to be fed, and although our fare is not the best, I insist on them having a meal before I allow you to take them off my hands.”
The officer turned about and glared at Ray; however, he saw that Ray hand his hand on his holstered pistol, which he had put on just before the survivors had boarded his vessel. The officer smiled, this man would threaten his own wellbeing for these animals, these criminals, however, government officials now wanted to speak to this man, to initiate First Contact formally, so instead of threatening Ray he said.
“Captain, you may feed your animals, and ours too if it pleases you, however, Captain, do not allow yourself to be taken in by them, they are dangerous religious fanatics who will bend your will with their lies.” The commander replied angrily. “I will be back in one hour, with a full detachment of armed guards, see that they are ready to leave. In the meantime, I will leave my two men on guard; they will be just outside of your airlock.”
When the soldiers had left, Thor attempted to speak to Ray; however, Ray spoke first.
“First, you must have something to eat and drink, while you do this, I will find out a little more about your world, I want to listen in on one of your radio news casts?”
“Allow me to find one of the better news programmes Captain.” Thor replied.
Ray would have rather have skimmed through the local radio broadcasts alone, but he knew that it would be impractical to do so, so he agreed to Thor`s suggestion.
And while eating a meal from the ship`s stores, comprising of the usual space rations beloved by the children, Thor picked out a news site on the ship`s communication centre. Thor had tuned it in, Ray listened to it, his ship`s main computer translating all that was said using the English/Vanaheimr dictionary that the minister on Vanaheimr had supplied. It was during this time that Thor told Ray and Johnny his story.
“The officer that just left is in fact my brother, however, our political and religious beliefs are the complete opposite, and now my brother only feels contempt for me, and hatred for my kind.” Thor said sadly and then went on. “You see I believe in the freedom to choose which religion a person may follow, to find his own way as he wants. My brother on the other hand follows the official line, one that has banned all but the official religion of Breidablik.”
Because of the lack of time, Ray found little on this planet`s radio to be relevant, and after thirty minutes gave up as the soldiers would soon be returning.
“Where were you heading Thor, when your vessel broke down?” Ray asked.
“A small moon in orbit around a gas giant further away from the one that you found us spiralling down into its thick atmosphere. The damage to our ship`s engine caused our ship to veer off course and far away from our original destination, unfortunately, my planet`s police craft arrived too soon for me to ask you to take us to it.” Thor replied sadly.
“And your government permits this colony to exist?” Johnny asked incredulously.
“Yes, they would like to shut it down, but the people of our world would protest at the amount of bloodshed that would happen as a result of such an action.” Thor explained.
Ray needed time to think, he had a half-conceived plan, but he needed to think it through, so he begged to be excused and he went back up to his bridge. This was a First Contact situation, making him an unofficial ambassador for Earth, if a rather unlikely one, could he allow himself the luxury of putting the survivors’ rights first, or should he do everything in his power to arrange the first steps of an alliance between Earth and the planet Breidablik. To criminalise a group of people just because of their religious beliefs was abhorrent to Ray, however, he knew that on Earth, even now, this was happening amongst some of the many peoples on Earth, and blood was still spilt by religious fanatics. Then it hit him, he already was an interstellar ambassador, for the planet Vanaheimr, he could use his official rank to introduce the authorities on the planet Breidablik to those on Vanaheimr. Just maybe he was in that unique position to do the impossible, help the survivors by helping the two worlds and Earth become new allies, and although they held opposing religious beliefs, become friends. He returned to the hold and said to Thor.
“Thor, I want to try something, it might result in the freedom of your people aboard my vessel, or it might not, it might do even more, it all depends on your government and my powers of persuasion. Just to say, do not give up hope.” Ray declared to a now stunned man.
Five minutes later and Commander Stargenson returned, and he had with him a squad of men, however, Ray waylaid him at the airlock; he had his own offer that he wanted to put to the authorities of this planet.
“Commander, please delay taking your prisoners from my vessel, at least until I have spoken to your government, I think that I have a way out of what might become a diplomatic incident between your world and mine.” Ray asked in his most diplomatic voice.
The listening government officials down on the planet were intrigued, and they ordered the arrest of the criminals deferred, at least until Ray had spoken with them, to this affect Commander Stargenson was ordered to bring Ray directly to government house to speak to the president and his cabinet. Ray quickly filled Johnny in on his thoughts, who looked doubtful as to the chances of success. However, he wished him luck as Ray departed with Commander Stargenson to take a fast shuttle to Breidablik.
Within two hours, Ray was seated in the meeting room of the Planetary Defence Bureau, opposite him, seated behind a long polished wooden table were the president and four senior members of the government.
“You asked to be permitted to speak with us regarding the ten criminals who are aboard your vessel Captain, please speak.” Defence Minister Anderson said by way of opening the proceedings.
When the small computer that Ray had brought down from the Sirius Star had translated the minister`s words he replied.
“First of all, Minister, four of these so-called criminals are young children, but we can come back to later.” Ray began, and when his opening words had been translated to the five ministers, he continued. “I cannot understand why the survivors were not immediately taken to their colony in orbit around the gas giant from which we rescued them; surely this would have got them out of your hair.”
The minister in charge of law and order, Minister Sorenson, decided to answer this query.
“Absolutely not Captain, in fact to deter others from attempting the voyage, the colony is to be blockaded until the criminals surrender to the forces of law and order. And in the case of the ten individuals aboard your vessel, may I remind you that we consider them to be criminals, although I agree that the charges against the children might well be reduced, or even dropped.”
Ray was expecting such a refusal, so he made his real offer, one that he hoped the ministers might be willing to accept.
“Let me put this solution to you, the religious belief held by the people on the planet Vanaheimr, are similar to the ones held by the ones that you call criminals here. Vanaheimr is relatively near to your own planet, and I left it just five of our days ago, Ministers, I will agree to take any of these people to Vanaheimr, aboard my starship, and thereby rid your world of them altogether.”
“And have them free to plot to overthrow our civilisation, I do not think so Captain, and if this is all you have to offer then I believe we are done.” Minister Sorenson said angrily.
Ray sighed, it appeared that the leaders of this planet were oh so similar to those on Earth.
“Not so fast there Minister.” Ray began and then he turned his head and spoke directly to President Larson. “I have one final thought to put to you in support of my argument, if you intend to open relations with the planet Vanaheimr, they may not agree to do so, seeing as you criminalise those who hold religious views similar to their own. Would it not be better to open your talks with an offer to allow all those who want to go to live on that world, to do so, including all those held in prison for their religious views? I would be willing to return to the planet as your ambassador, and bare this in mind; I am a well-regarded man on that planet, one whom they begged to remain. They even gave me the rank of special ambassador so that I could speak for them when I find my way back to Earth, the governing planet of the sector of space where I am from.”
“What you have said does have some merit to it; please wait in the anteroom while we discuss this last point.” President Larson said in a conciliatory tone.
Ray was escorted from the room by an armed guard, who stayed with him in the anteroom, where he was supplied with a hot drink similar to coffee.
Three hours later, Ray was led back into the meeting room and asked to resume his seat, the eyes of the five men were all upon him, however, it was President Larson who spoke.
“Captain Summers, or perhaps I should call you, Special Ambassador Summers, having considered all that you have been kind enough to say to us, and after much discussion, I am pleased to give you our agreement.” President Larson declared, however, now his face became serious. “Your only problem, as we see it, will be to get the followers of Odin to agree to the move, for they consider parts of our planet as holy places.”
Ray had thought that they were about to refuse, however, when they agreed his face broke out in smiles, until the president`s last words, now his own face was serious.
“President Larson, if they do not know a good deal when they see it, then I will continue in my search for home, it is up to them to decide their own fate, and if they prefer to be criminalised, then so be it.” Ray replied seriously. “However, I cannot believe that they will refuse this last chance to worship freely the religion of their choice, and on a planet that shares their beliefs. President Larson, will you arrange for my immediate return to my ship so that those aboard her can make the initial offer to their people?”
President Larson turned to the guard.
“Please escort Special Ambassador Summers to the spaceport where Commander Stargenson will be waiting to take him back up to the space dock.” The president then turned to Ray and said to him. “Good luck Ambassador, you may just need it.”
Ray hoped that the president was wrong, but he always found religious leaders to be as hard to deal with as the secular leaders. Then he remembered a most important task that he had momentarily forgotten, turning back to the president, he asked.
“Oh! President Larsen, one more thing, would it be all right if I looked at your star charts, to see if I can find a familiar star or nebular on it?”
“Ambassador, please leave that task to our astronomers, I will have Commander Stargenson download your own star charts, and send them directly to our astronomical institute. I would rather that you attend to your ambassadorial duties, you may find that enough to occupy your time.” President Larson replied with a smile playing upon his face.
Blackmailed again, Ray thought angrily, what is it with these lost colonies of Earth?
He was soon back on the space dock, where he was escorted back to the Sirius Star, a squad of soldiers being left to guard the ship`s airlock, to ensure that no unauthorised person left the ship. For President Larson was not wholly convinced that the followers of the old religion would accept the generous offer.
Once on board, Ray sought out Johnny, he found him on the small bridge, here he told him all that had happened on the planet`s surface, then after a brief discussion they searched out Thor. Together, they told him that his government had agreed to a suggestion made by Ray, one that would see the survivors’ safe, as well as those on the colony in orbit around the gas giant.
Ray now told Thor and the other survivors of the offer, a planet to live on that follows their own religious beliefs; otherwise, there was always the fear of their colony being blockaded, should relations between the two planets grow sour. Thor and his people spoke about the offer for four long hours, and finally, they agreed that if the people on Vanaheimr would agree to take them in, then they should go there, if enough of their people living on the colony in orbit around the gas giant also did. Therefore, they requested permission to visit the colony and put the offer to the followers of Odin, face to face, this request was granted, however, President Larson had a request of his own to make, over a video screen that Commander Wendelt had brought aboard the Sirius Star.
“Leave the children and their animals behind on our planet Captain; they need time to enjoy the sunshine before you embark once again upon your search for your own world.”
“Thank you, President Larson, but I fear that the children would be too stressed out if we were to leave them behind at this point.” Ray replied.
Whether Larson was sincere in his offer, or wanted a lever to use against him, Ray did not know, but he preferred to keep the children close by to ensure that no harm befell them. Ray now decided to risk the newly made relationship between him and the president.
“President Larson, may I say something that concerns your people’s attitudes to other beliefs?”
President Larson looked angrily at Ray on the video screen, and seemed about to interrupt, so Ray spoke first.
“You and your people are beginning to explore the interstellar space around you; however, you should realise that Earth and its colonies, Vanaheimr, and many other worlds we have visited, do not follow your religion. If you intend to be true friends to these worlds then please consider this. Would it not be better if you did not criminalise their ambassadors, diplomats and traders when they set foot upon your world? How can you expect a true friendship between you and these worlds, if that is how you intend to see them, as unbelievers, as the evil followers of pagan beliefs? President, there are many roads to salvation, and the people of this galaxy are taking them as they strive to reach it?”
President Larson said in reply Ray’s words.
“Thank you for your thoughts, Ambassador, you have given me much to dwell upon, for I see wisdom in your words.”
Ray`s argument had impressed President Larson, and he decided that if the followers of Odin chose to leave their planetary system, his ability to make new laws concerning religious matters would be that much easier, without their presence. First off, he would attempt to pass a law stating that the citizens of alien planets would be exempt from their religious laws, especially the one that forbid its citizens from following another religion. In this way, they would forestall any complaints levied against them by alien politicians, while the people of Breidablik got used to the idea of different beliefs not being thought of as evil.

**********

The words spoken between the president and Ray were never going to please all of the people of Breidablik, especially the religious leaders of an ultra-conservative group. However, if fate looked kindly upon them, much could come of this interstellar meeting. Unfortunately, news of the meeting and the agreement had been leaked by Minister Sorenson, who was secretly a follower of the group.
Ten minutes earlier a shuttlecraft had docked at the space dock, it was logged as carrying miners who were there to take a fast ship out to the asteroid belt where they worked. Actually, the miners’ departure had been delayed, they would now arrive one hour later. On board the shuttlecraft were twenty religious fundamentalists who were determined to stop everything President Larson and Ray had agreed to, especially the freeing of all religious prisoners. The squad of soldiers at the airlock of the Sirius Star saw nothing wrong when a group of highly religious men boarded the starship, for such men were held in high regard by the people of Breidablik, however, the fundamentalists were not coming to speak of their beliefs. Once on board the starship they headed for the bridge where they confronted Ray, their leader did not introduce himself; he merely made his first demand of many.
“Captain, you will surrender all of your weapons to us or we will begin killing the people aboard this freighter, starting with the children.”
The computer on the bridge automatically translated everything that was said and momentarily alarming the leader of the terrorists, however, he immediately realised that this was the alien technology of which their spy had informed him and his team. He found it to be annoying, the translation occurring just as he finished speaking, but at least it made talking to the aliens a simple matter.
While he and six of his team confronted Ray and Johnny, the balance of the terrorists streamed passed them and headed for the main hold of the freighter, for they were in possession of much information regarding the starship, the crew and the location of the ten survivors.
Ray and Johnny were stunned by this turn of events, oh, they knew just what the newcomers were, for they had encountered their likes before on other worlds, and read about them in the history of Earth, unfortunately, these appeared to be just as dangerous.
“Of course, sir, however, we only have a couple of hand weapons and a similar quantity of rifles.” Ray replied courteously. “Here is my hand weapon.” Ray said carefully taking his weapon out of its holster using only the tips of his fingers.
Johnny now did likewise, being equally slow and careful not to panic the terrorists. Ray then took the leader of the fundamentalists along to their weapons locker and allowed two of the terrorists to take out the two energy rifles that were inside of the locker. Neither of them mentioned the armed drone, which was safely stored in a hidden compartment in the part of the hold where the animals resided.
Just then a call came up on the ship`s intercom system, a terrorist was reporting back to his leader.
“Malchek, the ten pagans and the two alien children are our prisoners.”
Ray and Johnny were both worried about Nymah and Tomas, and Ray now asked.
“Sir, may I use the intercom to speak to our two children?”
“Of course, Captain, I am not a barbarian.” Malchek, the leader of the fundamentalist group, replied graciously.
Ray turned on the intercom and said to the children.
“Tomas, Nymah, are you both all right?”
Seconds later the voice of Tomas came to them over the intercom.
“Yes, Ray we are all right, what is going on, who are these men?”
“They just want us to take them some place Tomas, do as they ask and nothing will happen to you, as soon as we land, I will come down to the hold, do not worry Kids.”
Malchek, smiled, he liked to play the gracious leader, which he normally did just before he showed his true colours. He now gave Ray a second order.
“Captain, please take the ship down to the surface of the planet Breidablik, here are the planetary co-ordinates of the small town of Purity, you will land on the outskirts of it. If you do exactly as you are ordered, your two children will not be harmed in any way.”
Why is it, Ray thought, that religious fundamentalists are happy to threaten and kill young children, and always in the name of some god. Angry beyond words, Ray sat down in the pilot`s chair while Johnny sat at the navigational terminal and quickly programmed the starship to head down through the planet`s atmosphere and then to proceed on a westerly course to Purity. They were soon flying low over a large sea, ahead of them they saw a rugged coastline, which they were soon crossing over, a large river emptying into the sea at this point. The land beneath them was mostly desert here, the vegetation having to fight to survive, except for the green strip either side of the river that were the farms of the local people. Ahead of them now was a small walled town of adobe building, large temples and a large imposing fortress set in the centre of the town. Inquisitive people stared up at the strange craft that flew over their farms, the farms running alongside the river that curled past the town to disappear behind the north wall of the town, and then to reappear as it headed towards the distant horizon.
As they approached the town, Malchek spoke again.
“Captain, land your craft beside the town gate, my people have cleared the area of the town`s inhabitants, so do not worry about injuring them.”
Ray took the starship down, its thrusters blowing the dust at any unfortunate individual on this side of the high town wall. The landing was a soft one, the terrorists unsure whether they had landed or not, that is until Johnny spoke.
“Well, we are here gentlemen, what now?”
Malchek and his six men raised their weapons and then Malchek spoke.
“Captain, you and your friend will move down to the hold of this ship, now please.”
The last two words uttered when Ray and Johnny did not immediately obey his order.
Ray and Johnny got up from their chairs and headed down to the hold, and when Tomas and Nymah saw them, they both smiled, for surely nothing could happen to them now.
“Captain, the children will all stay aboard your starship, you two, and the six adults that you rescued, will all accompany me into the town.” Malchek ordered. “Please lower the boarding ramp so that we can leave.”
Ray looked anxiously over at Tomas and Nymah and asked.
“Sir, why are you separating us?”
Malchek decided to stay in his gracious mode, although he had thought of going over to his angry one, and replied to Ray`s question.
“It will only be for a short time Captain; the children will be more comfortable here than in the fortress, in any case it is a hot day and the trek up to the fortress is particularly tiring on such a day. Please do as I request Captain, do not make me ask you again.” Malchek finished, with his voice hardening as he uttered the last sentence.
Therefore, Ray and Johnny had no option other than to obey Malchek`s order. Johnny pressed the button that made the ramp descend with a well-used whine, letting in the hot wind that now swirled around the hold. Ray and the other adults now moved towards the ramp and he called back to the anxious children about to be left behind, alone except for their two guards.
“We will be back soon Kids, look after the animals and do nothing to rile the natives, for they do not appear to be friendly.”
Then Ray followed the others down the ramp and onto the arid land that was to be their new home, as to how long, that was for their captors to decide, unless he could come up with a plan that is.
It was a two hundred feet walk to the town gate which was set in to the thick adobe walls of the town, and once inside, their walk took them through the streets of the town, passed the shops and then the homes, and finally, passed the people who stood there staring impassively at them.
Johnny tired fast as they struggled up through the narrowing streets, but at least there was shade here, the shadow of stone built ancient fortress stopping the heat of the sun from stealing their strength. With Ray to help him the last one hundred feet, Johnny was soon standing before the forbidding fortress.
The others were waiting there in the shade, waiting with fear already eating away at their insides, before they entered through the large gatehouse of the fortress that dominated the small town. They entered into the grounds inside of the massive fortress, into the courtyard that lay before and encircled a massive fortified building. Once here they were led inside the fortified building, into a massive audience chamber and then down a flight of stone stairs that took them to the dungeons beneath the fortress. These were part of the original building, dating back one thousand years, escape through their thick stonewalls was impossible, you were either released or you came up with a plan to overpower the guards and then seek to escape without the guards killing you. On reaching the first sub-level, they were led to a large cell; this was to contain Ray, Johnny and the six adult survivors. They soon learned that the other cells on this level also contained prisoners, men and women who had angered the fundamentalists by challenging their religious beliefs.
Ray walked around the walls of their prison cell, however, he found them to be solid, and without any chance of escape through them. Then he looked at the door to the cell, however, he found that it was made of a hard wood and the lock was of a modern design. The cell was equipped with a stone ledge that ran round the walls, and it was upon this that they were meant to sleep, although bedding was not provided.
Two hours after they had been imprisoned within the dungeons Malchek came down there and began to rant and rave at Ray and Johnny.
“I know exactly why you have come to Breidablik, you`re part of a plot hatched by the leaders of the planet Vanaheimr, a planet full of pagans who worship Odin. You are both in league with the pagans of our world, which is why you rushed to their aid, they are your allies. You plan to invade Breidablik and enslave any of its people who do not bow down and worship the false god Odin, even our government is in on the plot, they have been bribed to ensure that it happens without the armed forces moving against you, well I will stop you all.”
He stopped for a moment to catch his breath, then he continued.
“Without you, the plot will fail, your alien friends will rightly assume that you have been imprisoned. As for our government, it will fall, for in just a matter of days we will march on the capital city, escorted by all of the god-fearing righteous people of our world.”
With that, he turned about and left them utterly dumbfounded, and anxious for their future, would they ever get out of this terrible place alive and continue their search for home?

**********

Tomas and Nymah, along with the survivors’ children, had been left aboard the Sirius Star, they all took a while to settle down after the adults had been taken away, for of course they were scared for their future and that of their parents or friends. Nymah had them tending to the animals, to take their minds off their fears, however, with the two guards left to watch them, their fears as to the fate awaiting their parents were never far away. As for Tomas, well he was watching the guards, and soon he saw a way to overpower them, but his plan ended there, he still needed to plan as to where to go from there.

**********

When President Larson heard of the kidnapping, he was at first stunned, then he was appalled that this act could mean the end of his desires to meet other worlds, and finally he was angry. He swore to rid Breidablik of the fundamentalists, to put their religion in its place, one that befitted an advanced civilisation, a civilisation that travelled to the stars in pursuit of new worlds, new peoples and most of all, to find the answers to the many questions regarding their own existence. They could no longer be allowed to hold so much power, its leaders and priests could no longer be allowed to speak out against the government`s policy regarding religion, whether it be on their own planet or that found on other planets. They should only speak to the individual, and then only about purely religious matters. Any attempt to stir up trouble should be treated as treason against the state, all he needed to do was to convince parliament to back him. However, he knew that the religious leaders would fight him tooth and nail; he must be prepared for riots, even assassination attempts upon his life, and those who stood with him in their fight to leave the dark ages behind them.

**********

The religious leaders were appalled when they heard later that day of the president`s plans, and they decided to travel to Purity to speak to their colleagues there. Battle plans would have to be drawn up; nothing could be considered too much if they were to keep the people of Breidablik on the correct path to salvation, and if they were to retain their power over the masses and the government.
As far as the fundamentalists were concerned, they had always felt secure, their religious armour protecting them against all but the most foolish of men, they had believed that no one would dare to go up against them, not even the president himself. With this feeling of security fractured by what the president planned to do, Malchek stormed down to the dungeons.
“You see Captain, I was correct when I said that you were part of an alien plot to turn the people away from the right path that leads to salvation. You and your allies want to make our god-fearing people worship Odin, but I will not allow you, or our president, or your world to do such an evil thing.” Malchek stormed. “No instead I will kill anyone, follower or pagan, who threatens our very salvation, and you Captain will lead my assault. Listen well captain. For I plan to destroy the parliament building while the president and every one of his ministers are inside debating how to take salvation away from the people of Breidablik.” Malchek stood their grinning down at Ray and Johnny, then he looked at the others within the dungeon and laughed at them. Then he proceeded to tell them what he planned.
“I will fill your starship with explosives Captain, enough to destroy the parliament building and all of the buildings near to it. Your orders Captain are to crash your starship into the building, it is either that or see your friend here, and your two children, tortured to death for their pagan beliefs and of course your failure to obey me.” Malchek said and then added. “Six of my followers will accompany you Captain; they will be there to ensure that you fully obey my orders. So, tell me, will you obey them, or will you see those you love and care about most, die a long and painful death.”
Ray was stunned, he could say nothing, nor too could Johnny, who would gladly give his own life, if it were save so many others, but to sacrifice the lives of the six children, and for politicians, how could he justify that!
“The date set for your glorious death is only two days away, the same day that parliament has agreed to the president`s wishes, that is to hold the debate that will see our planet incur the wrath of god.” Malchek added.
Ray was damned if he was going to carry out such an evil task, but he had to play for time, time to polish a plan that he had been thinking about ever since they had been incarcerated in the dungeon, so he said.
“You are one sick individual Malchek, but if you agree to free all of your prisoners held here, and that includes the children and Johnny here, then I will murder the politicians for you.” Ray agreed grimly and then asked. “Would I be permitted to visit the children, to see how they are, and to tell them that they will soon be released?”
Malchek did not take umbrage at Ray`s insult, instead he decided to ignore it and to even enter once more into the gracious host mode.
“Of course, Captain, I will arrange for your visit immediately, and after you have done, the children and the animals will be moved inside the fortress, we have an empty building large enough for them, they will be more comfortable here.”
With that, Malchek left the dungeon laughing, loudly, and went to find one of his underlings; he needed the man to clean out the empty building within the fortress. His reason for haste was that the sooner the children and the animals were moved out of the starship, then the sooner the Sirius Star could be filled to the brim with explosives and all the highly inflammable material that the small town possessed. After he had given this order, he sought out four more of his men, he found them sitting in a shady cafe bragging about the women they had known and had. Malchek detailed these men to escort Ray to the starship so as to allow him a last visit before his death.
The men entered the dungeon area laughing, also loudly, and escorted Ray back to the Sirius Star. The guards allowed Ray to walk up the loading ramp alone while they sat on the ground at the bottom of the ramp and continued their earlier conversation.
For five minutes Ray talked quietly to Tomas and Nymah, however, when the two men who were guarding the children got bored of listening into their conversation, via the translation program, and had walked down the loading ramp to join their comrades. They were now out of whisper range, therefore Ray got down to the real reason behind his visit, speaking to them in Mallettan.
“Tomas, Nymah, although I did want to talk to you both, to ensure that they are treating you both okay, I also have a plan to put to you, one in which you will play the main role. Now tell me which of you will best be able to operate the attack drone that we concealed in the animal pen?”
“It had better be me, Ray; Tomas is all fingers and thumbs.” Nymah replied casting a malicious grin at her brother who scowled back at her before admitting.
“Nymah is correct Ray, I am a little clumsy.”
“Good, then now we come to the hardest part of the plan; we must take care of their two guards, and silently, so as not to awaken the rest of this murderous bunch.
“I have already thought of a way to take care of them Ray, they treat us like children, at night time, while one of them is supposed to stay awake he always dozes off. While they sleep, we will creep up on them and hit them on the head, then we will bind their arms and legs and finally gag them.” Tomas said proudly.
“That sounds fine Tomas, but you and Nymah must hit the two men at the same time, we will only get one chance at this, if you fail then we are lost.”
“We will not fail Ray; of that I promise.” Tomas vowed.
“Make your attack in the earlier hours of the tomorrow morning, most people will be asleep at that time and you are unlikely to have to use the drone until you approach the dungeon. You must use the weapons fitted on the drone to take out any guards you encounter, either on the way to the dungeon, or those guarding the cells.” Ray explained. “One other thing, they are going to move you inside of the fortress as soon as I leave you, so be sure to have the drone concealed and ready to take with you, because they will not allow you back onto the ship, especially not to retrieve the drone.”
Tomas immediately dropped to the floor and crept through the katsikes to the place where the drone was hidden; he now took it out and tied it beneath two of the animals, using their long woolly coats to hide the string, moments later he re-joined Ray and Nymah. Finally, Ray handed over a map of the fortress, showing the fortified building, the doorways, the stairways and finally the dungeons. Ray now stood up and said a loud goodbye to the children, his voice attracting the attention of the guards who escorted him back to the dungeons.
If the escape plan failed, then, Ray decided, the only way to stop this madman would be to crash the Sirius Star into the temple, for all the religious zealots of Breidablik planned to be inside praying to their god. His only chance to do that would be when he lifted off prior to commencing his suicide attack on the parliament building.

**********

One hour later, six men walked up the loading ramp and ordered the children to gather their things, for they were being moved, along with the animals. Tomas had already had the children conceal various articles upon their body, he for instance had wound a long length of rope coiled around himself, in case they found they needed it, he concealed it under his coat, for it got cold here, in the nights. Their way took them through the town gates, up through the town and into the fortress. He they saw their first view of their new prison, it looked dirty and old, they entered it through a pair of wooden doors, to find a large empty room, however there was a tap inside to provide them with drinking water. Moments later a sack truck arrived with a stack of their animal feed, the driver dumped the sacks in the room.
For just a moment, just as the sun began to drop behind the walls of the fortress, they thought that their luck had improved, for the two guards were taken away for other duties. However, they soon found that the pair of doors were now locked; a length of wood had been pushed across the outside of the doors, locking it as firmly as any lock would have done.
They looked around their new prison for a way out, however, all they could find was a broken window eight feet from the ground, however, Tomas could see a way out and Ansel, the elder of the other two boys with them, would have to help them. The solid looking bench that the other children were sitting on would also play its part; it was the only piece of furniture in the room.
A strong wind had sprung up, blasting sand at anyone foolish to be outside, a clock somewhere in the small town rang the time, it was signalling to the children that the time had arrived for them to begin their escape attempt. Tomas had a length of rope coiled over his shoulder; Ansel and Nymah were standing on the bench while the other three children were holding the bench firmly against the wall. Now came the tricky part, Tomas had to climb up the bodies of Ansel and Nymah, so that he could climb through the broken window, luckily, there was no glass left in it. He was feeling decidedly anxious, what if he should fall, but then the knowledge of what awaited them, should they fail to escape, he knew to be far worse than a broken bone. With his nerves now bolstered up, he put one leg into the cupped hands that Ansel offered him, and then he was propelled upwards onto the shoulders of Ansel and Nymah, his hands grasping at the wooden frame of the broken window. Slowly he raised his head to look outside, it was empty of course, with the wind threatening to strengthen, everyone was in their beds, or in any sort of shelter that they could find.
“It is all clear Nymah, it is rather windy outside, but I should be able to climb up onto the window frame.” Tomas whispered down to the waiting children.
Tomas did just that, soon he was sitting astride the broken window frame, and when he felt secure; he took the coil of rope and dropped one end down to Nymah, who with Ansel had already jumped down from the bench, the other end he dropped to the ground outside of the room. Now he swung his other leg so that it took was dangling outside of the window, and then, taking the rope firmly in his hands, he tentatively hung there while the children took the strain, then when he was sure that the children would not let the rope slip, he climbed down. Moments later the children heard the bar locking the doors move, and then the door swung open and Tomas said in a hushed voice.
“Come on, let`s go, while the wind keeps everyone inside.”
Nymah turned to the two youngest children and put their hands into Maria`s, the eldest girl amongst the other children. Then she put her finger to her mouth and said shush, the galactic way to tell everyone to keep quiet. Then the children trooped out, leaving the animals behind, the last one, Tomas, then coiled up the rope and replaced the bar so that no one would know that they had escaped. They crept around the walls of the building, the wind blowing them onwards; Nymah led them with Ansel bringing up the rear. Nymah decided that it was too windy to operate the drone out there in the open; she would have to wait until they found a way into the fortified building.
They soon found themselves standing before the doors to the building; no guards were in sight, driven inside by the wind. However, Nymah found a still area, before the doors, and she now turned on the attack drone, then she turned to Tomas and said to him.
“Slowly open one of the doors Tomas, so that I can release the drone, it can then see where our enemies are cowering away from the wind.”
Tomas pushed one of the doors and Nymah release the attack drone, silently it flew through the open doorway and quickly gained height, no energy bolts attacked it, in fact, all was silent, then she heard a number of voices, they were talking in a side room. She had the drone search the area ahead of them; however, there was no sign of anyone, so she sent it in search of the voices. Soon she was looking down upon four men, drinks in hand and smoking some sort of small thin cigar. Nymah set the drone onto its automatic mode, and then the room was filled with a quiet whistling sound as four low power energy bolts shot down to take out their enemies, who sank to the floor unconscious.
With these men taken care of, Nymah moved the drone ahead of them, towards the stairs that led down to the dungeons; soon they were walking down the stairs, with the drone ahead of them constantly searching in its automatic mode, and if there were any guards, Nymah new that the drone would soon take them out. Moments later she saw two low power energy bolts shoot down, they hit the two men on guard duty, however, the men knew nothing about it for they had been asleep. Nymah now turned the automatic mode off and told Tomas to look for the keys to the dungeons while she stood guard. The children soon find the keys and Tomas used them to free Ray and Johnny, and the four adult survivors.
“Good work Kids, let`s get out of here.
Thor now made to stop him, pointing at the locked doors of the other cells, however, Ray shook his head, there was no telling just who was behind each door, murders, and rapists, and Thor knew none of them. Therefore, he refused to free them; they could easily attempt to overpower their rescuers to steal their drone, or worse, betray them to the guards.
Ray led all of them out of the dungeons, and towards the gate that led out of the fortress, which was also guarded, but the guards here were sitting down, trying to shelter their faces from the dust that had been picked up by the wind, so it was a simple task to knock them all out. The way through the town took them far less time than previously, for this time it was not only downhill, but also the wind was blowing them along. Finally, they are passing through the gates of the town, ahead of them sat the Sirius Star, and once everyone was safely on board, he lifted off and put the starship into orbit around the planet. From here he contacted the president, who when awakened from a deep sleep, was delighted to hear the news of their escape.
Ray told President Larson of the fate that Malchek had planned for parliament, then he went on to tell how the two children who accompanied him had managed to foil the plan. That the explosives were safely aboard the starship and that, if possible, they wanted their animals back.
Well before the sun began to rise, and while the wind still blew, President Larson despatched a company of the planet`s National Guard against the criminals in the town of Purity, and all of the Guard
 loyal to the government. The criminals were easily overcome, and they were held in incommunicado to ensure that they did not ferment unrest amongst the believers of the world. Ray was then able to land outside of the town, and after travelling back up through the town, with a police guard, they collected their animals and took them back to the Sirius Star.

**********

After Ray and Johnny had wished President Larson luck with his reforms, the Sirius Star pulled away from the space dock and headed off to the gas giant to complete their interrupted task, and they soon arrived at the colony and docked at its spaceport. Here, Thor led his people, together with Ray, to meet the elders of the group, to tell them of the offer the president had agreed to. Johnny and the children decided to stay behind to guard the Sirius Star, for who knew whether these natives were friendly or not.
The first meeting lasted for three hours, then the leaders asked to be left alone while they discussed the offer with their people, Ray knew that the colonists had an important decision to make, one that could take days. Finally, they agreed to go, if the people of the planet Vanaheimr would agree to take them. Thor and three members of the colony would accompany Ray to Vanaheimr, however, before that Ray returned to Breidablik, to inform the leaders of the planet of the decision reached by the people of the colony, and also to replenish their stocks of water, air, and extra food for their new guests. With their holds and tanks full, they then returned to Vanaheimr. He had three more guests, three politicians from Breidablik who wanted to meet the people of Vanaheimr, to find out what this new culture was like, and then report back to their parliament. The quarters of their guests were far from ideal, sleeping in hastily made quarters erected by the artisans of Breidablik, but the Sirius Star had never been intended to transport passengers, let alone diplomatic missions.
Once back on Vanaheimr, Ray and Johnny were greeted as returning heroes, and when they told them of Breidablik, and of the desire of some of its people to move to their world, including the reason behind it, the leaders agreed, in principle, to take them. The final decision would be taken only after the two parties had met and spoken, so that both sides could be sure of what they were taking upon themselves.
When Ray and Johnny left to return to Breidablik, their guests from Breidablik stayed behind on Vanaheimr, to talk to this world`s leaders, to its people and to its newspapers, a starship from Breidablik would come to collect them when they were all ready to leave.
However, on the journey back to Breidablik, they had three more guests, three Vanaheimr diplomats, whose mission was twofold, to meet and talk with the immigrants, and then to open talks that would finally lead to diplomatic relations between the two worlds. Again, their quarters were far from ideal, for diplomats on such a portentous mission, but the Sirius Star was the only starship on the planet that could transport them to the distant planet.
The talks between the three Vanaheimr diplomats and the leaders of Breidablik were going well, even though their religious beliefs were so different. The three diplomats left behind on Vanaheimr had reported back via subspace, and this way they were able to give their leaders their own detailed report. With everything going well, it allowed Ray to leave, and to once more search for home, for Ray could not do anything more to bring the two worlds together.
The star charts of Breidablik had offered hope that they did not have far to go, one more stopover should see them within sight of familiar planets. The people of Breidablik had replenished their air and water supplies, and also their food, for both the humans and the animals, in return for the help they had given the people of the planet.

Chapter Seven

Return to New Caledonia

Everyone on board the Sirius Star was feeling good, soon they would see a familiar planet, and then home. They had been in hyperflight for three days, and had four more days of air, water and food left, no more, not with all the animals in the hold. They were approaching another planetary system, one with a G-type main sequence star, the same sort that Earth orbited, although as well as G type stars, the colonies of Earth also orbited around K or M type stars, all dwarf stars that make the emergence of life much more likely. Ray now brought them out of hyperspace just at the point where interplanetary space met the space that encompassed this particular planetary system, the heliopause, the point that marked the limit to this star`s influence.
The outer planets were all icy cold and without the warmth necessary to provide them with their needs, although a specially built ship could have found water and the gases needed to manufacture breathable air. The Sirius Star however, was just a small freighter that did not possess the means to do this, so Ray took his starship further into the system, towards the warmer rocky planets, in search of a planet in the habitable zone.
Beside him, the NavCom sent the main computer a message, it had found enough data to give Ray their position within the galaxy, they were only three days away from the planet Xion, inhabited by a people that was ruled over by its military. Although this sounded all wrong, the planet had been at peace for over one hundred years, war was outdated on this planet. However, the people were not happy; they endured a 1984 existence, which was why Earth had not opened diplomatic relations with the planet, for it was one of many such planets that had not been colonised by Earth.
Ray now transmitted a message to Earth, on a narrow transmission beam that would arrive in the Sol solar system, but not to Malletta, or New Caledonia come to that. Within the message Ray included the positions of Vanaheimr and Breidablik and of the likelihood that the people of these two worlds were long lost cousins who wanted to make contact with Earth. He also gave Earth a summary of their technological status, stating that any ambassadorial missions would have to originate from Earth, as the starships of Breidablik were way behind those of Earth.
Finally, the NavCom found a suitable planet, cloud hid most of its surface, but between the masses of cloud the cameras showed him both land and water. He now put the Sirius Star into orbit around the planet, and ordered the main computer to scan the planet and its atmosphere, and then to suggest the most ideal location that would allow them to replenish their water supplies.
Ray opened the inter-ship intercom system and related this piece of news to Johnny and the children, and from the shouts of joy that were emitted by the intercom, and rang around the small bridge, Ray knew that the moral of everyone had reached a new high. Misha and Riker were nowhere near their current position, and the Sirius Star would not pass anywhere near to Malletta, at last, they were almost home.
The main computer finally finished mapping the planet and signalled to Ray that its report was ready; it had found a large inland lake, one that was fed by clean mountain streams. Ray took the starship down through the planet`s atmosphere and when just five hundred meters above a lake, Ray began to replenish their air supply, getting rid of the old stale air. With the task completed Ray took the Sirius Star down to just thirty feet above the surface of the large lake and dropped the hose down through the water of the lake, now he filled their water tanks. As the people of Breidablik had supplied him with enough food, both for the humans and the animals, Ray did not need to worry about finding more food. All they now needed to do was to leave this planet and hyperjump to New Caledonia, a long leap but within their flight limits, they were nearly home.
Nymah appeared on the bridge with a request.
“Ray, will you allow our animals to feed upon the grasses of the lake, let them stretch their legs, to run and play before they take their final flight in the Sirius Star? We did not usually keep them confined within their cave, unless the weather was bad, or we were hiding away from Misha.”
Ray looked at Nymah, he would rather have headed off now that they were fully stocked with all the essentials of life, however, he decided to agree to her request, for she knew her animals, and what would be too much to ask of them.
“If you think it advisable Nymah, then we will allow them a day down in the small valley below us.”
Ray first told Johnny of his decision and then took the starship down to the lush grasses that surrounded the lake. Nymah and Tomas took their small herd of katsikes, along with the Tarragona, down the loading ramp and onto the valley floor, the animals seemed to appreciate this act and they were soon eating the lush grass. The day was idyllic, and Ray and Johnny sat outside in the sun, their moral rising to new heights.
Ray was not the only one of them wondering if the feeling would be ruined by the appearance of a space cruiser, one that accused them of some crime or other, however as the day turned into evening, and the animals came back aboard the Sirius Star, they began to wonder if this time they would be left alone.
Ray now took the Sirius Star up through the clouds, which had slowly filled the sky above the small valley, and back into space, their next scheduled stop was New Caledonia, and a new life for the children. Finally, they were passing through the atmosphere of New Caledonia, towards the farmhouse that belonged to Monty and Susan. They were soon hovering above the only field large enough to allow their freighter the space to land, for although it was only a small freighter, it still needed a lot of empty ground to touch down on.
Monty and Susan were thrilled to see Ray and Johnny, and they were even more so when told about Tomas and Nymah, who now walked down the ladder that was attached to the port side airlock, for Ray had kept the ramp up to the main hold closed to stop the animals from getting out.
Monty and Susan, Tomas and Nymah, took to each other immediately, and once the children had seen their bedrooms their minds were made up, if their two new friends wanted to adopt them, then they would happily agree for Monty and Susan to become their new parents. Ray now brought up the subject of the animals, however, Monty raised no objections, the animals could stay in the larger of the nearby fields until they had passed the strict quarantine rules of all the colony planets of Earth.
Ray and Johnny now used their small shuttlecraft to fly over to the house of Professor Wentzler; he met them as they left their shuttlecraft.
“Ray, Johnny, good to see you both, you were longer than you expected, didn`t my device work?”
“It worked fine Professor.” Ray said holding up the crate that contained the crystals. 
Ray then told the professor about the attack on them, and of their unplanned journey to the other side of the galaxy, ending up with their thoughts on the matter, of how Riker may have learned about his devices. Ray then added that they would return the device the next day, for while it was fitted to the Sirius Star, his life, and that of Johnny, would be in danger.
“I am sorry about the danger I inadvertently put you both in, I believe that someone at the Refuge has been betraying me.” Professor Wentzler said and then added. “At least you did manage to find some crystals; they will provide some much-needed funds for the Refuge, when I sell them. As for my device, I feared that I would have to sell it at some point; I just thought that it would take a little longer. Never mind, I will approach the authorities on Earth, they will be able to protect it, and provide me with a constant flow of royalties. Did you take your share Ray?”
“Yes, we are fine Professor, in fact without your device we would have been stranded on Malletta.” Ray said telling the professor about the problems that they had incurred on approaching Malletta.
“Not a very lucky trip at all for you Ray, but at least the authorities will be happy as regards the two new civilisations you encountered.”
While they were talking, Ray received a call from Earth, the colonial department wanted to arrange a video meeting, for they wanted to know more about the planets Vanaheimr and Breidablik and especially about their people.
Finally, Ray sent a message to the Department of Space, in it he informed them of the anomaly, and how it, coupled to the attack launched by the Light Speed, had thrown them hundreds of light years away from this sector of space. They were very interested in this and promised to investigate it, if they could find it, and if it did not attack them while they tried to learn more about it.
Ray and Johnny now decided to rest up for a while, first they visited the local inn and had a proper meal and a beer, and then a good night`s sleep, and so ended their adventure into deepest space.

The End

Why not visit my author page by clicking on the link. Smashwords Books.

************

A Note from the Author

All of my books are free so please do excuse any typos, misspellings, or grammatical errors as I cannot afford to use a professional editor, although I do personally edit my books, numerous times, to try to find any such errors. I do hope that you enjoyed this story nearly as much as I enjoyed writing it and that you will also read another one.

************

Other Books by the Author

Colonies of Earth science fiction series in order

Galaxy Spies
Time Storm
Rebirth
Trial by Ordeal

David Charlton stories, a science fiction stories
Rescue Mission to the Stars
The Treasure of Altaraus
Return to Mazere

Other science fiction stories
Quasar
The Venetou
Invasion Earth
Lost and Far from Home
Journey to the Stars
Rebellion is in the Air
Insurrection
Alien Attack
Return to Paradise

Alun Reece science fiction stories
Pen Draig
Oceanus

Short children`s stories
Three Journeys of the Scary Kind 

Horror stories
Strange tales; five short mild horror stories

The Professor Myrddin Llewellyn stories
The Vampires of Cymru
Creatures of Hell

Rob Hinds black magic stories
Kidnapped and Bound for Hell
The Satanists
Dreamscape
The Return of the Bitch from Hell
