MacLeod's Story Part 2
Edenia series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Tam-Mykola MacLeod went through the travel gate as if compelled. He found himself in some slimy mess of darkness that made him think it was a pool of sludge ink water. He grunted trying to swim in it despite resistance by the sliminess. 
MacLeod wound up swimming all over the place till he heard loudly blaring in his mind "Quit doing that now! I'll get you out!"
MacLeod obeyed to find himself in the night air with a familiar green moon in the sky he finding himself landing into pool of water from the looks of it. MacLeod fell into the water with a loud splash and felt himself sinking despite his armor on his form felt like heavy weights. He felt urged to breathe ignored it and tried to reach the surface only to feel arms wrap around him in a tight hold and was pulling him towards the surface. MacLeod didn't protest as the arms became one arm still tightly holding onto him and got him to the surface of the pool of water he gulped for air deeply gasping. MacLeod wound up groaning loudly as the arm towed him to the pool's edge and hoisted him out he smelling the familiar stinky air of ocean to him and found himself lying on top of a sand bar from the feel of it that was slowly being overtaken by water spilling over him. Groaning loudly he sat up and forced himself to stand up on shaky legs as he eyed his rescuer who he saw with shock underneath the green moon was his legendary ancestor Jinks Montreal clad in only sweats that were plastered to his form. MacLeod frowned seeing Jinks' eyes were all one color making him nervous to see. He kept his mouth into a thin line and didn't protest as Jinks got an arm around him and found them both transported off the beach to a grand hallway he wasn't sure where it was. He frowned looking around as Jinks got him into a dark room in the wall he unable to see and found himself knocked unconscious by Jinks' hand over his forehead he feeling sleepiness from that. 

MacLeod woke up on the cold floor compelled to wake up. He found himself in the presences of the High Council and guards including Jinks standing nearby this time wearing a karate uniform with black gloves on his hands. He frowned despite finding himself still clad in his armor to give the High Council's speakers Shad and Onya from memory of them a glare. He noticed the speakers had head bowed and the High Council behind them clad in white covered up hooded robes were motionless as if they were mind scanning him. He felt annoyance take hold to glare at the High Council sensing scanning his mind from senses cued to it abruptly. He kept his mouth shut and eyes Anubis the gonoid head warrior whose ears were flat on top of the head. He recognized the jackal warrior was disagreeing with the High Council's latest order. MacLeod gave the High Council his full attention and glare. 
He waited as Shad and Onya raised their heads followed by one speaker speaking "Your Tam-Mykola MacLeod." He heard from Shad sounding of a statement and not a question.
MacLeod heard Anubis' loud whisper "Speak now. They expect you to speak."
He spoke firmly in Basic recognizing the language as Terra's British as named "It's my name as I'm called. What else do you expect from me?"
He heard a faint growl from Anubis followed by hearing "Don't ask the High Council questions or else worse for you."
MacLeod frowned but kept his mouth into a thin line and waited patiently for the High Council to say something. He found the group going into a discussion behind the speakers by their head movements and hand movements in rapid fired talk. MacLeod didn't comment a response as he found his arms grabbed by Anubis' fellow guards the Falcons holding onto the area ironclad with their gloved hands. He frowned as he heard growling noises from the Falcons as they held his arms while waiting for the High Council to finish their chatter. 
MacLeod didn't have long to wait as both speakers raised their heads followed by Shad speaking "What do you say about serving us, the High Council?"
He blurt to his shock despite unsure of what propelled him to speak "I won't serve you."
MacLeod frowned finding himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at the High Council to hear loudly "If I may speak I'll convince MacLeod the importance of serving you whole hearty with undivided loyalty-"
He grimaced hearing Jinks' voice sounding of a creepy voice tone as the male was interrupted by Shad speaking "Don't bother. His mind is made up."
MacLeod frowned but kept his tongue as he glared at the High Council hearing nothing more from Jinks in response to the interruption. 
He heard "Horus, simply knock MacLeod out asleep now."
MacLeod eyed Jinks to see the male wave a hand towards his direction as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

MacLeod came to hear arguing in foreign language sounding in male and female tones despite no memory of who he was fully in mind. He sat up to see female appearing to be a something that was wearing a uniform was yelling at a male while flaring golden eyes. He figured that she was special despite her yelling as he got up from the bed as if compelled and went to the male seeing he wasn’t like her for the eyes weren’t golden. He felt compelled to grab the male’s head and give it a twisting jerk snapping the neck as the male went limp underneath his hands. He heard the female speaking in foreign language in a soft tone which he sensed himself filmed as the sound of a door sliding open which he looked in the direction to see men holding guns come into the room heading towards him. He frowned as the men grabbed him and thrust his arms behind his back and hauled him out of the medical bay taking a route to an unknown destination. He frowned as he was hauled to a door which slid open and thrust inside which a light flared on seeing he was in some bedroom where a male wearing a suit stood in the room. MacLeod stared at the male with confusion seeing he looked familiar who pointed a remote to the flat screen on the wall and showed an overhead view of him killing a male in a uniform. 
He stared at a male standing in the room who spoke while sensing himself filmed “A killing is a killing, Mister Jinks Montreal as your referred."
He felt confusion to why his name was Jinks Montreal as the male continued "I’m charging you with the murder of Ensign Jones Ramos. Do you have anything to say for your defense?”
He heard blaring in his mind after getting an image of a male with a crown of red dots on the head speaking “That’s Guinness Hettinger descendant of Kevin Hettinger. He set you up.”
MacLeod assumed his name was Jinks, spoke “Guinness Hettinger I presume?”
Jinks saw a big frown on the male he assumed was Guinness who’s eyes turned to anger as the male spoke “I’m having a tape of this sent to the news affiliates in New York City just so this Human God status ends period, murderer.”
Jinks shrugged and spoke repeating the crowned male's blaring words “Nice try Guinness. Any Drainer will translate that female's talk and say that she ordered me to kill Ramos along with she admitting that she have voice abilities to make people do things.” 
Jinks heard a growling sound from Guinness who pulled out a hand gun pointing it at his chest. 
He added “Anyway it’ll come out by Highlander reading your mind that you set me up for this who will see that you’ll be put in jail too.” 
He stiffened hearing a gun shot sound and felt pain in his chest right where his heart was and felt himself passing out unconscious losing sensation of everything around him till there was nothing but blackness. 

A sound of a scream made him jerk his eyes open. He found himself floating in a cylinder tube full of blue liquid that was slowly going horizontal. He felt himself confused seeing fuzzy movement through the see through walls of the tube walking away awkwardly that seemed familiar. He felt himself thrust out of the tube onto a metal floor and heard gasping sounds as he looked up at his right to see three figures standing nearby. Jinks felt distaste running through him seeing two of the figures were males wearing military uniforms while the third was a female with black hair appearing to look familiar while dressed in medical scrubs and a doctor’s coat on her form. He felt the mental abilities he dubbed Master and Darkness in control growled an angry sound while slowly getting up from the floor fisting his hands. 
He snarled angry sounds as the female doctor he assumed shook her head before speaking in voice sounding familiar “Please calm down Tam-Mykola MacLeod. I can explain everything.”
He heard footsteps coming nearer as a male with short white hair and wearing clothes that reminded him of someone he figured was named Barry, came into view as his rages arrived putting him out. He came to feel himself hugged by a female form and his rages were gone from him along with the Master and Darkness. 
He heard the familiar female voice speaking coming from the female form hugging him “Shh you’ll be alright just calm down ok?”
He willed himself to calm to groan loudly as the female stopped holding him by stepping back from him to place a hand on his shoulder as he felt another hand on his other shoulder. He looked to see the male wearing Barry’s clothes that his memory told him was Alexei Zesky who looked serious by the expression on his face. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Alexei spoke “Do you remember the last thing that happened before you woke up here?”
He opened his mouth and found his voice to speak “Shot by Guinness Hettinger in the chest.” 
He stared at Alexei who frowned and then the man spoke “You don’t need to worry about Hettinger anymore.”
He frowned hearing Alexei’s words as he spoke “Alexei, why was I put in a tube? What’s up with that?”
He, assumed his name was Jinks despite confused with the Tam-Mykola MacLeod wording, stared at Alexei who spoke “Tam-Mykola the shooting left you in a one year healing sleep which some higher ups in the government military found out about you killing a navy officer despite being compelled to do it by a Builder.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Alexei’s words who kept talking “The Builder in question was later executed for the setting up after it was revealed that she set you up for the murder an idea hatched by Guinness Hettinger. Hettinger was found guilty of your shooting and setting you up which he was given a jailed for life prison term he was currently serving till he was recently killed by a fellow prisoner at the jail.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Alexei paused to clear his throat before adding “I confess it took me and several others a lot of convincing to those higher ups to keep you alive which I had you put in a life tube to live the rest of your life in it. You were in it asleep for too many years. I regret to inform you that it’s been years since you're shooting.” 
Jinks felt shock hitting him groaned as he felt himself fainting stumbled his footing to feel hands on him holding him up as he felt wooziness hitting him hard shut his eyes and found himself losing sensation of everything around him and his body till there was nothingness but blackness as he realized his name was actually Tam-Mykola MacLeod. 

MacLeod dreamed of the beach to see Lance looking like he was upset who hugged him in a bear hug. He felt himself happy having Lance’s arms around him as he was hugged. MacLeod sighed feeling regret as Lance stopped hugging him. He looked at his right to see the familiar Meritanians were there in a row with frown looks on their faces. 
He frowned recalling Jinks Montreal spoke "What happened to Jinks Montreal himself?”
MacLeod stared at Lance who spoke “Don’t worry about him. He’s doing fine at the moment.” 
He spoke “Father can’t you tell me more of what happened to him after I was taken out via shot?”
MacLeod stared at Lance who’s eyes turned all black which bothered him as his Father spoke with annoyance in his tone “I just told you he’s doing fine. Stop asking me ridiculous questions.”
He felt himself confused as his father forced his eyes shut.

MacLeod came to sensing his name was Jinks Montreal despite confusion hitting him on the name change. He frowned as he came to feel purring on his chest which he opened his eyes to stare at the cat he saw was sitting on his chest with a worried expression in its eyes. He felt himself lying in a bed while feeling soreness all over that felt like he was pricked by needles all over his body. He groaned bringing a hand from underneath the blanket to his forehead as the cat stood up from tummy sitting on him to arch its back then walked off. He removed his hand to sit up and saw the cat had settled to sit on its haunches near his right ankle while washing its ear with a paw. He heard a loud meow from the cat as he looked around the room seeing it was familiar like the time he stayed in the Zesky Hospital before in the past. Jinks frowned as the door opened showing a male with tan skin and streaks of white in his hair while wearing medical scrubs pushing a cart into the room. He eyed the cart as the nurse he assumed pushed the cart next to his bed and then pulled out a tray smelling of food from it. He felt himself terribly hungry as the nurse placed the tray on his lap which he discovered the food was grilled cheese sandwiches, French fries and two cups full of pink thick liquid he assumed were strawberry milkshakes. Jinks found himself itching to eat the food despite some knowledge of having a habit of drinking blood came to his mind to his confusion. He felt the nurse reach behind him and sensed the male was setting up part of the bed for him to sit leaning back. Jinks attacked the food with gusto gobbling everything up leaving no bites left then gulped down both cups’ liquids finding it was like he assumed strawberry milkshakes. He finished placed each cup back onto the tray after gulping their contents down. He exhaled a breath as the nurse removed the tray putting it in the cart then pushed it out of the room closing the door which he leaned back against the raised part of the bed and eyed the cat that walked on his legs to his stomach before tummy sitting down on him. He again felt the purring vibrations coming from the cat as he eyed it seeing it looked content by the look in its eyes. He frowned as sleepiness arrived hitting him that made him yawn very hard shocking him. Jinks sighed as the cat put its head down on him chin touching him before shutting its eyes and appeared to be sleeping. He felt the urge to sleep hitting him hard shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

He came to hear a familiar sound that sounded like an alarm clock blaring in his ear. He jerked opened his eyes looking around with confusion seeing that he was in an apartment appearing to be a penthouse’s bedroom lying in bed with the blanket covering him while wearing pajama pants on his form. He lurched up with shot running through him rubbing a hand on his forehead then heard the alarm cut itself off. He looked at the alarm clock and saw that it looked different by shape but the time of eight o’clock blared in digital numbers on the screen was the same. He removed his hand and got up from the bed heading towards the bathroom to look which he saw looked the layout the same but the facilities looked different and there were consoles in the walls along with different type of faucets. He frowned as he removed his pajama pants and went into the shower stall to stand staring at the console with a frown as water turned on to heat toleration levels as he stood underneath the faucet spray. He looked around for soap and shampoo to find dispensers sticking in the walls that took him a few tries to figure out that they held soap and shampoo in thick liquid forms. He proceeded to cleanse himself very well and once done allowed the water to wash him off the soap and shampoo. He eyed the console with a frown seeing no off switch walked out of the shower stall and heard the water turned itself off. He found the towels still hanging on their warming racks which he grabbed one and toweled dry himself then hung it up. He eyed the sink counter seeing folded clothing in the color black sitting on it. Sighing he picked up the clothing to see it was the same as before underwear shorts, dress pants, and a plain long sleeve top which he put on his form. He hunted for socks and shoes to find them sitting on the floor which he grabbed the stool and sat putting them on. He discovered the shoes were familiar sneakers which he put on then stood up to stare at the mirror at his hair seeing it needed brushing which he found a hairbrush on the counter picked it up. He brushed his hair and then placed the hairbrush down before leaving the bathroom going to the bedroom doors. Jinks, he again assumed it was his name, paused in front of them hands up which he lowered his left hand and bowed his head shutting his eyes. Jinks got an overhead view of a male with short black hair appearing to not be familiar was wearing a suit while standing in the butler’s familiar spot that looked up with a confused expression on his face flashing golden eyes before looking down to stare at the door. He felt disgust hitting him as he opened his eyes while raising his head to glare at the doors as he raised his other hand and forced himself to yank open the doors. Jinks stared at the male he assumed was a Builder that had the familiar expression on his face he saw from butlers as before which annoyed him. 
Jinks spoke with disgust in his tone “You got a name?”
Jinks eyed the butler who spoke in an accent that made him think it was Terra's “The name is Carrick, Master MacLeod.”
He stared at Carrick who again gave him that familiar look he’s seen among butlers in the past. Jinks shrugged off the name of MacLeod and walked past Carrick who followed him which he went to the dining room finding it the same and sat at the head of the table in a chair with arms folded. He eyed the table seeing that the familiar newspapers weren’t there as he heard the kitchen doors bang as he assumed that Carrick went into the kitchen. Jinks waited as the kitchen doors banged its sounds which he looked to see a female with black hair wearing the familiar dress and apron like the females before her that looked nervous by her eyes who placed the tray in front of him on the table. Jinks felt himself hungry ate the food and drink leaving nothing left then leaned back in the chair as the female leaned down to pick up the tray. 
He spoke as she straightened up her form “You got a name?” 
Jinks stared at the female who spoke with calmness in her voice tone nervousness gone from her eyes “I’m given the name of Melanie.” 
He frowned as she stood staring at him whom he spoke “The cook’s name?”
He heard from Melanie “His name is Peter and he’s my husband.” 
Jinks frowned as Melanie stared at him with a look which he spoke “Dismissed.” 
He watched as Melanie left him going into the kitchen with the doors banging behind her. With a groan he got up from the table and went to the TV room discovering it was the same as before but the TV balked his voice commands seeing the blue light was on. He frowned as the TV balked turning itself on as he cut off his orders. He looked around the room seeing there was no remote control in sight and frowned to hear a throat clearing noise on his right which he looked to see Carrick standing in the doorway. 
Jinks frowned as Carrick spoke “The flat screen has been set for viewing manual put in recording devices by player in the cupboard below it.”
He nodded his head and went to the cupboard he assumed sitting below the flat screen TV which he yanked open a door to see a box gleaming of lights inside it. He sighed and slammed the door shut then turned around to look at the doorway seeing that Carrick was gone. Groaning he left the TV room to walk to a bedroom he assumed was his daughter Victoria's room which he saw the familiar poster was gone from the door and the door ajar. He pushed the door wider to peer into the room seeing that it wasn’t the same as before filled with things and items belonging to Victoria. He saw the room was a bedroom with the furniture appearing to be different including the bed from the looks of them. He groaned loudly to lean against the door frame eyeing the room feeling himself sad. He went to an armchair to sit in the room and placed hands over his eyes then rubbed his forehead followed by rubbing his hair yanking at the strands. 
He thought to himself “Father what happened to her?”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance groaned loudly to place his hands down and slouched lower in the chair till his head was leaning against the top part of its back. He sighed staring at the bed remembering memories of Victoria coming to his mind. He felt himself tired shut his eyes only to open them as tears flowed from them. He slid from the chair onto the rugged floor as he cried tears hard. He curled into a ball crying tears while sounding wails of anguish. He cried and cried till his tears stopped and his throat was raw from the repeated wailing. Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of being at the beach facing Lance who had worry in his eyes. Jinks stared at Lance who placed a hand on his cheek which he sighed from the touch as his father rubbed the area then removed his hand. 
He heard a familiar male voice speaking “I don’t think he knows what happened after he was shot.” 
He looked at his right recognizing the voice as Ramses who he saw had a frown on the Meritanian’s face. 
He looked at Lance who gave off a sigh before his father spoke “Alright Jinks. After Guinness shot you he went to medical intending to shoot Victoria but Mavis managed to get her and himself out by using the voice to knock out the medical doctor who manipulated you to kill Ramos. Mavis I should add woke up to hear Samantha order you to kill Ramos and witnessed it. After you were escorted out Mavis fearing something bad was going to happen to himself and Victoria used the voice on Samantha to knock her out and carried Victoria still unconscious out of medical. Guinness was furious to find Victoria and Mavis gone from medical went all over the ship trying to find both of them which Mavis managed to outwit him by using the voice on people to help hide them both from him. This kept on till the ship reached port in some place called Maine where authorities arrested Guinness for shooting you and Samantha for ordering you to kill Ramos.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words that paused from talking to place a hand on his shoulder then his father spoke “Your daughter Victoria is doing fine for she was transferred to your descendants in California and was raised by them which she is currently living there attending college.”
Jinks sighed hearing that as his father rubbed his shoulder before Lance kept talking “Mavis I should add was later was transferred to Connecticut for his safety after Samantha escaped from prison in Maine. Mavis was counted as a witness to testify against Samantha and her manipulating for what she did to cause you to kill Ramos. Samantha for being a Builder managed to escape captivity and then was later found with her head cut off her body in someone’s barn which the murderer hasn’t been found but the only clue is a locket with a picture of me was found clutched in her hand which police are claiming it was put there by the murderer who killed her.”
Jinks felt relief hit him as Lance paused to remove his hand followed by his father adding “That murderer was actually the farmer a member of the Master Organization possessed by you in his body that found Samantha in the barn asleep after she escaped prison kicked her out unconscious as she woke up and then took a sword like weapon and cut off her head then took the locket and placed it in her hand before walking out of the barn with the weapon into the rain. You in the farmer’s body used the water to wash away traces of Samantha’s killing and your prints on it then went to a nearby lake which you threw the weapon in it before walking to the house to stand on the porch which you left the farmer’s body.”
He stiffened hearing that Lance’s eyes turned all black which made him stiffen further as his father spoke in an angry voice “I was never able to contact you the whole time you were in your healing sleep or in that tube asleep. I saw what you did while asleep either in a tube or not. You caused the Hettinger family more grief by possessing bodies of people to kill Wieland locked up in jail and did the same with Guinness.” 
Jinks felt himself abruptly gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand who kept on talking “I’m not pleased that you keep on doing this stunt of manipulating people with others’ bodies while in healing sleeps to cause pain and suffering. Harrumph I’m disgusted and I expect more from you than that.” 
Jinks gagged out as his father paused “Father please-“
Lance interrupted “Father, please what? Why should I give you mercy for those stunts you pulled on those people? I have a half of a mind to punish you harshly for that-“
He heard Ramses’ voice interrupting “Lance, the High Council wants to talk to Horus after overhearing us talking.” 
He gagged gasping for air as his father’s hand became more ironclad as Lance who spoke “Tell them to wait I’m not finished with my lecture to Horus.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Sorry Lance I already transported him to there already and their impatient for him to wake up.” 
He felt his throat freed gasped for air as Lance spoke “We’re not finished with this.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up feeling a stick poking him in the stomach jerked open his eyes to glare at Anubis standing over him with ears flat on the gonoid head warrior’s head. His eyes focused on Anubis’ neck seeing a device like necklace wrapped around the area as he sat up. Jinks got up from the floor folding his arms and felt them grabbed by clawed hands he assumed were from the hawk head guards. 
He stared at the High Council as Shad spoke “You want to know what’s interesting?”
He kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “I’ll tell you anyway. Your son Ajax the whole cycles you were asleep got visions of you torturing and assassinating people. He claimed that the visions of you were actually you inhibiting people’s bodies which Lance after some coaxing from the Meritanians backed up the claims.”
Jinks gave off a sound of disgust as Onya stopped talking followed by Shad speaking “You got anything to say about this, Horus?”
He kept his mouth shut as Anubis gave off a whisper “Talk, the High Council asked you a question.”
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “How’s Ajax doing since I’m up from being asleep?”
He felt a fist punch him in the stomach that made him exhaled a breath followed by Anubis’ whispered voice speaking “That tone is not appropriate. The High Council asked you a question and expects it answered.” 
He unfolded his arms lowering them as he felt the clawed hands on them become more ironclad as he heard Anubis give off a whispered growl tone. 
Exhaling a breath he spoke “I’m not aware of myself doing those body tortures to people when I was asleep for I don’t remember them.”
He frowned as Shad spoke “Interesting considering your words is what Ajax told us about you sleeping and inhibiting people’s bodies. Anyway Ramses transport him back now.”
He blinked his eyes and found himself in the bedroom standing in it. He sighed and felt an urge to do karate left the room to the gym room where he froze in a pose while sensing himself filmed as he recalled another time of himself waking up from a healing sleep. He recalled to himself that his limber status wasn’t the same along with karate motions. He eased himself to sit on the padded floor and stretched listening to his body’s complaints which he discovered his limber status wasn’t the same as before he was shot. He groaned out loud and eased himself into stretching exercises finding himself still not as limber as he liked while feeling his body give off complaints of pain that kept him from stretching fully. He got up once done and proceeded to do some kicks in karate finding himself off balanced on the kicking motions. He groaned loudly and recalling his karate Kata he went through the motions doing them over and over till he heard a throat clearing noise sounding at the doorway. 
Jinks paused from karate to look at Carrick standing in the doorway which the butler spoke “It’s lunchtime, time for your required meal.” 
He obeyed to walk out of the room followed by Carrick which he went to the dining room to sit at a chair and waited as the butler went into the kitchen banging the doors. He sat and waited patiently as Melanie came out carrying a cup full of pink liquid which she placed on the table in front of him then stood staring at him with a look that told him to drink it up. Jinks obeyed picking up the cup and drank it all up discovering it was strawberry milkshake. He placed the cup back on the table then got up and walked out of the dining room to the elevator only to get his way blocked by Carrick. 
He mentally willed the Darkness through as he spoke “Get out of my way Carrick.” 
Carrick to his annoyance shook his head in a no gesture and refused to budge. He looked up at the top of the elevator to spot something like a camera dome on top which he frowned seeing it then looked down at Carrick who stared at him with nervousness. 
Jinks reached forwards and grabbed Carrick by the jacket lifting the man up while speaking “If I say get out of my way I expect that obeyed.” 
He heard Carrick speak “May I remind you that your under house arrest?”
He stiffened hearing Carrick’s words as he lowered the butler down and spoke “What the depths are you talking about?”
He glared at Carrick who spoke “I’m told that you’re under house arrest and was ordered to keep you from leaving the penthouse.” 
Jinks willing himself to calm miserably spoke “What were you told that the house arrest was about?”
He formed a frown on his face while boiling of anger inside as Carrick spoke “I’m told the house arrest is part of your sentence for murdering someone. I wasn’t given further details about this but told in very clear terms to keep you in the penthouse while you’re up and about as I serve you.” 
Jinks gave up trying to be calm snarled out a growl and stormed away heading towards the gym room. Once reaching the doors he slammed them open then charged towards the punching bag hitting it with every ounce of strength within him with fists flying towards it. He felt himself furiously angry allowed the emotion to overcome him and kept on punching the punching bag till he got a rage episode and came to find himself lying on the floor curled in a ball with tears streaming down his cheeks as he felt sadness hitting him. He sensed the Darkness he willed forward was willed away from him from the feeling he felt within him. He cried and cried till his tears stopped and he felt himself stop feeling sad as he forced himself up to do a karate pose and did his karate movements despite being off balanced with his kicks. He continued to do karate over and over while noticing improvements with his kicking till he heard a throat clearing noise at the door paused from karate to look at Carrick standing in the doorway. 
He frowned as Carrick spoke “It’s eight o’clock at night now. Just thought I would let you know of the time. When would you like me back to tell you the time for bed?”
Jinks felt himself weary spoke “I’ll go to bed now.” 
Jinks saw Carrick nod his head as he walked passed the butler out of the gym room heading towards his bedroom which he entered closing the doors behind him. He went to the wing back chair and sat in it eyes staring at the floor lost in thought. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Go to bed Jinks. I want to talk to you and I need you in bed asleep for that.” 
He groaned and went into the bathroom. Jinks came out clad in his pajama pants with nothing else on his form. He went to the bed pulling back the blankets and got in it then pulled the blankets over his head and shut his eyes. He dreamed of the beach to face Lance that had arms folded with a glare on his father’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Government officials in the military had you tried in absentia for killing that ensign officer through court tribunal that found you guilty of murder.” 
He stiffened hearing his father’s words who kept talking “The court tribunal gave you a sentence of twenty years in prison which is why you were put in a tube after you finished your healing sleep. You already did about eight of those years while in the tube.”
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance continued “As for you being in house arrest it was just to observe you and how you’re doing after being in that tube which I suspect that they’ll put you in prison among people who broke the law themselves once they’ve seen enough.”
Jinks groaned loudly again to fold his arms while frowning as Lance paused from talking to form an all black eyed look in his eyes. 
He stiffened as Lance’s hand gagged him on the throat followed by his father’s voice speaking sounding furious “I’m disappointed Jinks. You had the ability to prevent that killing and didn’t use it. Now you have to pay the price by their laws for that murder.” 
He gagged gasping for air as Lance’s hand became tighter in an ironclad grip. 
He heard Lance again speak “Don’t expect me to help you get out of this situation for I won’t do it. You’re facing what you did by paying the price period. I don’t give a care whether you’re my son. You’re obeying their price they put on you for that killing and I expect you to pay for it with no complaints from you.” 
Jinks gasped for air as Lance removed his hand from his neck which he gulped air gasping for it as his father forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks came to hear the alarm sounding yanked off the blankets off of him to glare at the clock that ceased its sounds. He felt himself better but hungry got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. He came out clad in his clothes with shoes on his feet and hair brushed. He walked out of the bedroom ignoring Carrick standing in the hallway that followed him to the dining room where he sat at the table and waited for his food. He heard the kitchen doors bang as he assumed that Carrick went in followed by a pause then the doors banged as Melanie came into his eyes’ sight placing a tray in front of him before she straightened up her form. He ate the food feeling himself terribly hungry and left no bites left then drank up all of the drink which once done he got up and went to the gym room where he did his stretching exercises and proceeded to do his karate doing it over and over. 

His karate would be halted by Carrick clearing his throat at the door and telling him it was time for his required meal which he would go to the dining room to drink his familiar drink then go back to the gym room again to practice karate. He practiced till Carrick arrived telling him it was night time and wanted to know when he was going to bed. Jinks as a result would go to his bedroom to shower and go to bed passing out unconscious only to be waked up by the alarm. After wake up he would go to the dining room to eat then go to the gym room to practice karate till Carrick interrupted for his required meal which he would go to the dining room to drink then go back to the gym room to practice till Carrick again interrupted telling him it was night time and wanting to know when he wanted to go to bed. Jinks found himself having no change in his routine every day as he practiced karate over and over in the gym room while improving his limber status and kicking motions which he did unknowingly of the time. Jinks during his time asleep had no dream message with Lance and no communications from his father while he was awake which he figured that he was angry at him hence the silence. 

Jinks one day in the gym room discovered he had reached his goal of being back to his limber status while stretching in the gym room and discovered that his karate motions were again back at where they were from the familiarity of the movements. He exhaled a breath to pause from the discovery feeling while doing karate heard a familiar throat clearing noise at the door looked with annoyance at Carrick. 
He stared at Carrick who spoke “You’re wanted in the lobby.” 
He exhaled a breath walked passed Carrick to head to the elevator which he took to the lobby and walked out to discover two men in suits and three police officers there among his familiar guards. He stood as the men in suits identified themselves as federal agents and ordered him handcuffed which the three police officers came forwards to grab his arms putting them behind him while clinking on metal on his wrists holding his arms together behind him. Jinks frowned he was led outside to see there was no crowd there but people walking by looking curious by them eyeing him as he was led to a van and placed inside it in a seat with two of the cops sitting besides him on both sides as the federal agents sat in front of him along with the third cop in the passenger seat next to the driver. Jinks frowned as the van drove through the city which he peered out the windows to see that the city looked the same with retail businesses different from last time he traveled in the city. He continued to look out the window as the van drove past New York City’s city limits and kept on driving on a highway which he looked at the scenery with interests. He discovered the van was driving to Connecticut by it passing by the state sign and kept on driving till the signs said town names which he continued to read till they entered a town and drove around till they passed a sign identifying a prison. He saw a large building standing in the middle of a field with high gated fences surrounding it with barbs on top rolled in a circle as the van drove up to a gate where a guard was standing in front of a small house. He frowned as the guard waved the van through as the gate in front slid open showing a road with cars parked like a parking lot. He frowned as he realized that he was going to prison refrained from groaning out loud as the van drove to the entrance to the prison stopping in front of it. He heard the van’s doors open followed by being forced out and hauled through sliding glass doors to pause as there were gated doors in front that hummed of electricity while sensing himself filmed. He waited as the gated doors stopped their humming sounds followed by sliding open electronically. He was forced through and heard the doors slam behind him as the police officers led him through several gated doors in hallways with the filming sensation still running through him till they reached a door in the wall which a police officer opened it by touching on the key pad and opened the door showing a small room with benches in it and folded clothing on top of one bench with shoes. 
Jinks were thrust through into the room as he heard one police man speak “Get out of your clothes into prison wear now.” 
He felt the handcuffs freed from his wrist and felt himself filmed as he reached the bench holding the clothes to pick them up seeing that they were an orange jumpsuit with numbers in black blared on it along with underwear briefs in white, white socks and white sneakers. 
He heard from one of the police officers standing in the doorway “Hurry up and change. I haven’t got all day.” 
He obeyed to keep his back to the officers while stripping himself of his clothes and shoes which he left piled on the floor and put on the prison wear garments and shoes on his feet. 
Once done he heard one of the police officers speak “Get over here now.” 
Jinks sighed and walked to the doorway reaching it to stand as two of the three officers forced his arms behind him and again handcuffed him. He felt the filming continue as he was force walked through several gated doors till they reached a large room appearing to be a cafeteria with doors on both sides having numbers blared in black on them. 
He heard a male voice yell sounding from the doors “Ooh a new one has arrived! Whoopee doo fresh blood hah, hah!” 
He heard chorus of laughter in male voices as he was hauled through the room passed doorways which he glimpsed faces peeking out of the small square windows on the doors as he was forced walked by them. He and officers reached a set of stairs and was forced up them showing walk ways with numbered doors in the walls as he was pushed passed them. 
He heard a male voice yell “Well we got a new one!”
He heard chorus of laughter sounding in male voices from the doors as he was escorted by them and halted in front of a door with a number he recognized as the number on his jumpsuit. He frowned as the officers waited as he heard silence from the male voices. He looked around and spotted another officer holding a dog leash with a dog attached heading towards him with a glare on the male’s face. Jinks frowned as the male with dog escort reached him and nodded his head before putting a hand on a console next to the door which the door slid open. Jinks heard gun cocking sounds from behind him as the two officers freed him from the handcuffs and forced him inside the room which the door slid closed behind him followed by giving off a humming sound of electricity. He looked around the room feeling himself still filmed to spot in the wall facing him was a glass window with bars on it that showed a view outside. He looked on his right to spot a metal bed holding a sheeted mattress with a blanket and pillow on it and on his left was a toilet with a sink above it and a medicinal cabinet above it with a mirror in it. He sighed and went to the bed to sit down leaning against the wall feeling like rough cement to his back. He looked at the door to see the window had a face peering at him with a glare in the eyes before the face removed itself. He looked up to spot in the corners of the room in the ceiling were black camera domes and sensed himself still filmed by them among the fluorescent lights. Groaning he got up and went to the window to peer out seeing the view remained the same with nothing to amuse him with. He continued to peer out the window as the sun light became dim followed by night time arrived which he blinked his eyes as the lights above shut themselves off. He groaned from the night vision flaring in his eyes as he went to his bed and yanked the blanket back and laid his form on it pulling the blanket up his chest and shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep.

Jinks jerked his eyes open hearing a familiar sound that reminded him of his alarm clock. He looked around the room seeing he was still in jail and that the lights above were on and then the door slid open electrical humming sound stopping. He yanked the blanket off of him and got up from the bed walking out to see various men wearing identical orange jumpsuits with various numbers on them standing on the walkways some going down the stairs to gather in the cafeteria part of the room down below. He frowned as some of the men eyed him with range of emotions on their faces with their eyes appeared to be widening. He frowned as he smelled food coming from down below felt himself needing to eat walked to the stairs walking by men who turned to look at him. He ignored them going down the stairs using his senses to lead him to machinery gathered at a wall which he paused from walking to eye men picking up trays and dishware including silver ware and proceeded to get food from the machinery by pressing buttons. He sensed himself watched by some of the other men gathered in groups around the room some sitting at tables all staring at him and heard loud conversation become whispering as he walked near them towards the machinery to get in line for food. He copied their motions on getting dishware, silverware and filling them with nourishment which he saw appeared to be something that reminded him of thick oatmeal and the drink he looked reminded him of apple juice. He once done carried the tray to an empty table and began eating the food discovering his hunch was correct about the food being what he thought and found that his hunch on the drink was also correct after taking a sip of it. Jinks ate slowly taking his time as a male with short black hair sat opposite from him at the table with eyes staring at him as he ate. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke “I’m called Nose around here. You got a name sir?”
He paused from eating to stare at Nose who stared back with a frown look in the male’s eyes. He heard scattered voices around him become quieter that told him that fellow prisoners were eavesdropping. 
He spoke “The name’s Jinks and spare me jokes about bad luck.” 
Jinks saw Nose’s face frown with some recognition look in the male’s eyes that his senses blared warning abruptly. 
He met Nose’s stare as the male spoke “What are you in for and I don’t mean the time term?”
Jinks spoke with anger in his voice shocking him “Was said to kill some guy thanks to some female using a compelling voice ordering me to do the deed. What are you in for anyway?” 
Jinks found his face forming glare as he stared at Nose who appeared to gulp before taking a drink from the cup in front of him before putting it down. 
Nose spoke sounding nervous “Accused of stealing money from some rich socialite and threatening her harm repeatedly. I got fifteen years with no parole which I already did about four of them so far.”
Jinks frowned sensing that there was more to what Nose was telling him nodded his head and continued to eat his food ignoring the male who kept staring at him as he ate. He once finished with his food and drink got up and eyed the men putting away the trays and items on it in boxy like machines which he figured were dishwashers and went to them. He felt a leg connect with his ankles as he walked attempting to trip him which he kept his balance to look around to see a male with blonde hair getting up from the floor next to him run away to stand next to others gathered in a semi circle one was eyeing him with a glare that seemed familiar to him from the looks of the male. He shrugged it off to continue walking to the dishwashing machines with no incident and put away the tray and items on it inside them. He felt himself curious wandered around the cafeteria room seeing four open double doorways in the corners of the room where prisoners were walking in and out. He went to one doorway and paused to see it led to a gymnasium where men were busy playing basketball and spotted windows above where he sensed people watching the scene down below. He wandered out and went to another doorway walking by a gated door in the wall which he spotted a guard behind it holding a dog by the leash that gave him a glare when he looked. He ignored the guard to go to the open doorway and found a short hallway leading to a set of double doors which he opened to discover it led outside that showed a large fenced yard and saw fellow prisoners scattered in it that paused from talking to stare at him with sneering glares. He frowned wondering what was with their reaction as he walked back inside going to the cafeteria room to go opposite from the gated door in the wall to the other two open doorways. He heard prisoners become silent as he neared them, them giving him sneering glared looks on their faces aimed at him. He ignored them to go to a doorway on his left which he discovered a short hallway curving in the right side which he followed to hear sounds of shower water running which he spotted a door with fogged up windows and lockers on both sides of the walls which he figured was the shower room for men to clean themselves off. He walked back to the doorway walking out to pass by a male with blonde hair that abruptly grabbed his arm in a tight grip followed by the male throwing a fist aimed at his face. Jinks remembered his karate blocked the male’s fist and yanked himself out of the male’s hand grip stepping back away from him as the male formed a glare on his face and charged at him. Jinks stepped aside leaving his foot out and used the male’s momentum to trip him who hit the floor on his stomach with a groan. He turned and walked away heading towards the other doorway only to feel arms locked around his middle pinning his arms to the sides. He recalled his karate used the movements to free himself from the male’s arm grips that attacked him with legs and fists flying in random movements. Jinks blocked the male’s movements with karate and proceeded to knock the male off his feet onto his back who lay groaning loudly. 
He walked away ignoring the male and head a voice yell from behind him “You brought nothing but bad luck to us smarty.” 
He ignored the voice and kept walking towards the open doorway only to get blocked by a group of males standing in the way that refused to budge with one stepping forwards to hold up a hand while noticing that they had ranges of emotions on their faces with pity looks in their eyes. 
Jinks frowned as the male that stepped forwards spoke with nervousness in his voice tone “I wouldn’t go through that doorway if I were you.” 
He spoke “What’s there?”
The male Jinks stared at ignored his question repeated his words sounding more nervous while having fear in his eyes. He exhaled a breath and walked away and found an empty table which he pulled a chair and felt a hand grab his hand halting his process. Jinks looked with annoyance at a male with long brown hair that had an angry look in his eyes. 
Jinks pulled the male’s hand off his hand as the male spoke “No one sits at that table except for the Boss and his entourage.”
He released the chair as the male pushed it back next to the table and spoke “Who’s the Boss?”
Jinks stared at the male who looked at him with a glare and the prisoner spoke “You’ll know soon enough. Just don’t sit at this table period unless invited by the Boss.” 
He frowned as the male walked away going to a group of males he spotted one giving him a glare with a familiar appearance that reminded him of someone but he wasn’t sure who. He shrugged and walked towards the doorway leading to the shower room and was blocked by a male stepping in front of him putting a hand up. 
Jinks looked at the male questioningly who spoke with an annoyed tone “Get it straight, the Boss rules the roost around here. What he orders you do it period get it?”
Jinks frowned as the male pointed a finger at him then walked away going to a group of males seated at a table appearing to be playing a card game from the looks of it. He exhaled a breath and headed towards the doorway leading to the shower room when Nose came around him to stand in front of him looking nervous. 
Jinks paused from walking as Nose spoke “The Boss wants to talk to you. I’m to lead you to him.” 
Jinks wordlessly followed Nose to a table where a group of men were seated with two standing behind a male that had the familiar appearance along with a glare. 
He stood as Nose spoke pointing to the male “That’s the Boss. Refer him as that and not his actual name period.” 
He nodded his head in a short bob towards the male who spoke sounding familiar “You’re Jinks Montreal.”
He stiffened hearing his name as the male paused then continued to speak “Interesting, never thought you would end up here because of your family living elsewhere.” 
Jinks frowned as he got a communication from Lance shocking him “He’s Beer Hettinger brother to Wieland and Guinness Hettinger.”
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as he recognized the male fully to see the resemblance was plain on his face and hair styled that way. 
He stared at Hettinger he figured he’ll name who spoke “A word of warning Jinks. What I order around here you and the others do it period or find yourself going through the forbidden doorway and never returning.” 
He saw Hettinger point a finger at a direction which he looked and saw the familiar men standing in front of a doorway and figured what the man was talking about. 
He turned his attention back towards Hettinger to nod his head which the man added “Since you’re here I’m going to enjoy this. It’ll be an interesting time being here. Go take your shower Jinks. You look like you could use one, dismissed.”
Jinks obeyed walking away heading towards the doorway leading to the shower room. He passed by men ignoring them and entered the hallway to the shower room. He saw two men inside the hallway stripping themselves of their clothes and shoes and shoving them in lockers. He copied their example and walked in the buff inside the shower room to see rows of ten shower faucets on both sides with hot and cold faucets below them. He saw men eye him with confused wide eyed expressions on their faces eying his body as he went to a faucet and turned it on to the heat toleration levels and felt the water’s spray fall down on him. He allowed the water to cleanse him while noticing that there weren’t any soap or shampoo dispensers figured that the water will have to do. His senses blared warning alerting him of a presence behind him which he felt hands grab the back of his neck thrusting him forwards towards the wall which he brought up his feet putting them on the wall as he neared it. He pushed backwards in a fast motion with his feet on the wall as the hands released their hold on his neck and he dropped his feet down quick while spinning around to face a male he recognized as one of the men in the locker room hallway. Jinks blocked the male’s fists aimed at him as he used a karate kick to knock the male onto his back who appeared to be dazed from hitting the floor. Jinks turned around and shut off the shower then walked out of the shower room to spot Nose at his locker yanking out his clothes and darting away. He went to the locket to peer in and spot his underwear in it which he put on his form and found his socks and sneakers gone along with his jumpsuit. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his right and looked to see the familiar blonde male that tried to trip him standing there that widen his eyes staring at his body.
He folded his arms as the blonde spoke “The Boss wants to see you now and that you’ll get your clothes back once you meet him.” 
He gave off a sound of disgust unfolded his arms and walked past the blonde and sensed the male following him as he went out into the cafeteria room. He noticed prisoners looking his way widen their eyes which he gave them a glare as they stared at him as he went to the table where Hettinger was seated at. He saw his jumpsuit and shoes with socks sitting on top of the table where Hettinger sat with eyes widen seeing his body. 
He reached the table folded his arms and spoke “Something I can do for you?”
He thought to himself “Hettinger, I’m not an exhibit and stop making me like one.” 
Jinks frowned as Hettinger shook his head followed by the glare on the man’s face as he spoke “Nothing at the moment. Just put your clothes on. Going around in your underwear isn’t proper around here.” 
He nodded his head to reach forwards and grabbed his jumpsuit putting it on his form along with the socks and sneakers then feeling himself disgusted walked to an empty table and sat down with arms folded. He heard a siren like noise sounding loudly and saw prisoners darting into cells which he ran to the stairs and ran up them heading towards his cell which he reached it to see Nose inside. 
He frowned as Nose spoke sounding rude “This is my cell get out.” 
He obeyed to witness cell doors slide shut and stood which his eyes fell on the forbidden doorway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding gonoid like. He frowned as the noises stopped followed by three gonoids walking in sight that reminded him of a cross between a tiger and a German Shepherd Dog. He watched the gonoids as a male darted into view out of a doorway that screamed before turning around running into the doorway chased by the three gonoids. He heard screaming of terror sounding before it was cut off abruptly followed by the male running into view with blood stains on his form. Jinks frowned as the male was tackled from behind by one of the gonoids knocking him to the floor and biting his head with form going still. He watched as the gonoids placed their mouths on the male’s back that jerked shaking before form becoming still. He felt himself confused as the gonoids walked to the stairs and realized that they detected him as they went up it in fast motions heading towards him. 
He heard a female voice yell unsure if it was in his mind or ears “Will the Master through now!”
He obeyed stepped back from the railing as the three gonoids reached him and halted their progress to stare at him. 
He heard an irritated male voice sounding in his mind “Argh Vladimir! Not him! Of all the people it had to be him!”
He frowned as he saw the gonoids’ eyes appeared to be Human like with annoyance in them as he heard a female voice sounding in his mind “Oh forget it, Jordan he’s not worth it.”
Jinks frowned as he heard a different male voice sounding in his mind saying “Yeah Anastia I agree for I’m out of here.” 
He watched as one of the gonoids turned around and walked off which he heard the female voice sounding “Come on Jordan, Vladimir is right let’s get out of here.” 
He frowned as he realized that the voices were coming from the gonoids as he watched the two remaining ones follow the third down the stairs and into the forbidden doorway going out of sight as he willed the Master away from him. He frowned looking down at the room to spot police men arriving through the gated doorway with the gate open guns drawn going to the male lying on the floor. Jinks watched as two picked up the male and carried him through the gated doorway as two police men and a third holding a dog by the leash came up the stairs pointing their guns at him. He held up his hands as the cops reached him grabbing his arms and handcuffing his wrists together. He didn’t protest as he was hauled down the stairs to the gate’s doorway which he was forced through going a maze of hallways with gates in the middle of them which opened when he and cops reached them. 
He frowned wondering where he was going as they reached a door labeled “Commissioner.”
Jinks felt himself stopped followed by a police man knocking on the door. He heard a faint command for entry as the cop opened the door and he was thrust inside the room to see a male with a shaved head wearing a suit looking annoyed that looked familiar sitting behind a desk in front of a window. 
He frowned as the male spoke in a familiar voice “I’m Commissioner Sarge in charge of this prison.”
Jinks nodded his head as he heard the door slam behind him. He felt himself filmed looked around the room to spot on a table was a sword that looked familiar. He went to the table to stare at the sword hearing nothing from Sarge which he stared at the sword with a frown wondering why it was familiar. He jerked grimacing as he placed his hands covering his face as he recalled a memory of himself floating above a male wearing overall and a plaid long sleeve shirt standing on a porch. He recalled entering the male’s body taking control to turn going to the side of the house to spot a sword sticking out of a shield on the wall which he pulled out and walked off the porch into the rain. He walked till he reached a barn slid open the door going inside as if drawn to reach a horse’s stall yanking open the door quietly to see a woman lying on the hay looking asleep while wearing prison wear garb he recognized as Samantha medical doctor. He went to Samantha and kicked her on the head as she stirred before form became still. He raised the sword and with both hands proceeded to cut her neck cutting off her head in several blows till they were separated while sensing her dead. He unclasped the necklace around his neck and placed it in Samantha’s hand gripping it. He felt himself bloody and saw blood spilling out of the cut areas on Samantha’s body which he walked out of the horse stall going out into the rain letting the water cleanse him of blood which he walked away from the barn going to a lake nearby and threw the sword into it. He turned around and walked to the house to stand on the porch and then released himself from the male’s body to float above as the view went black. 

Jinks grimaced from the memory to sense Sarge standing next to him at the table clearing his throat. 
He removed his hands to lower them to look at Sarge on his right who spoke “You look like you were remembering something bad. Care to share what it was?”
Jinks shook his head in a no gesture and stared at the sword with a frown before turning his attention towards the man who had a frown on his face with an angry look in his eyes. 
Jinks frowned as Sarge spoke again “That sword is a murder weapon used to kill a woman named Samantha Henderson a medical doctor and Builder that was said to cause you kill a man named Jones Ramos.” 
He wordlessly nodded his head as Sarge continued to speak “The farmer that found her in the barn was charged with her murder despite him insisting he didn’t do it and having no memory of doing it. Police figured that Samantha used her voice on him to get him to kill her to death hence he not having any memory of it despite repeated scans by Highlanders who couldn’t find it in his mind.”
He wordlessly kept his mouth shut as Sarge paused from talking to stare at him. 
He sensed Sarge wanted him to talk spoke “Oh ok.”
He felt shock hearing the annoyance in his voice tone as Sarge’s eyes narrowed glaring at him. 
Jinks added “I wouldn’t be in this situation if Samantha hadn’t controlled me with her voice to end a guy’s life which I’m disgusted about.” 
He heard the disgust in his voice tone frowned as Sarge’s glare remained the same followed by the man speaking “Fine as you say Mr. Montreal.” 
He heard the door open sounding behind him on his left followed by hands grabbing his arms and he felt himself yanked from the room which he didn’t protest as he was led out. He kept his mouth shut as he was taken a route to the prisoner’s cafeteria room and then brought to his familiar cell where he was forced inside despite Nose inside the cell protesting it. Jinks eyed Nose who glared at him as he went to the bed and sat on it back leaning against the wall eyes on the door as his senses blared warning. Jinks saw Nose walk into his line of sight heading towards the door to peer through the window before going to the bed to sit next to him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Nose abruptly grabbed his left arm and he felt a prick of pain of a needle dart in his wrist area followed by numbness feelings in his arm as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

He woke up with a jerk feeling himself wearing an arm sling over his left arm that felt weak going to his shoulder with night vision flaring in his eyes. His senses blared warning as he looked around the room to see he was in a cell alone and felt an urge from his bladder as he eyed the toilet which he got up stripping himself of the arm sling and dropping his clothes. Jinks rolled his eyes as he released the toxins within him. Once done he flushed the toilet and adjusted his clothes and washed his hands. He felt the left arm to sense it was very weak hence the arm sling which he picked up from the floor and put it on. He felt irritated and tensed forced himself to sit on the floor doing his limber stretching exercises feeling himself no longer irritated but still tensed up. He got up with a karate swing up move and proceeded to remove his arm from the sling and did his karate feeling his left arm doing the movements weakly. He felt himself no longer tensed up placed his arm back into the sling and went to the bed lying his form down on it. Jinks shut his eyes falling asleep to dream of the beach and facing Lance who had a frown on his face.
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke “Those gonoids are referred as Tee Dees for being hybrids of two gonoid species. They feed on water from various sources as their main nourishment and they’ve been feeding off prisoners left out of their cells mostly leaving them alive.”
He frowned as Lance paused to form an all black eyed glare which made him stiffen as his father spoke “Others according to the Meritanians put you in that prison to test you on things. The Meritanians tell me that those others are government officials including the King who are spying on you through camera devices, testing you on things for their purposes the plants have refused to say what the reasons are despite my coaxing them.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance paused to glare at the Meritanians he saw all had heads bowed and appeared to not listening to the conversation. 
Lance spoke again “That prisoner named Nose earned that name from one of the Tee Dees knocking him on the floor and biting him on the nose causing him to bleed which the Tee Dees didn’t feed off him but left him lying there with a bloody nose.” 
He heard Ramses speak his familiar question as Lance forced his eyes shut. Jinks came to waking up to sense the cell door was open and the lights were on while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He jerked his eyes open to glare at a male blonde who spoke “Alright the Boss wants you up and about so get up Jinks.” 
He obeyed finding himself somewhat hungry got up following the blonde out of the cell to take the stairs down which he went to the food processing units to grab a tray and items for food. 
He once done carried the tray only to be blocked by the familiar blonde who spoke “The Boss wants you to give him the tray and items on it period.” 
Jinks felt annoyance within him carried the tray to the table where Hettinger looking amused by the man’s eyes and set the tray gently down in front of him before walking away. He again went in line and got another tray full of items and went to a table where others were sitting at. Jinks were blocked from pulling a chair by the male sitting next to it. 
He stared at the male who spoke “The seat’s taken go sit somewhere else.” 
He carried the tray to a break in tables and sat down on the floor cross legged and found himself ravenously hungry gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drink. He once finished carried the tray and items to the dishwashing machine putting them inside. 
Jinks felt himself tired went up the stairs to his cell only to find Nose inside that rudely spoke “Get out this is my cell.” 
Jinks felt himself furiously angry charged towards Nose who’s eyes widen with fear in them as he reached the male grabbed him by the neck in choke hold and hauled him out of the cell throwing him to the floor and then went inside the cell to the bed which he laid his form on it shutting his eyes. He came to hear a siren like sound eyed the cell door to see it slid shut and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep while feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

He came to feel hand touching his shoulder jerking him awake. 
Jinks woke up with irritation running through him to glare at the familiar blonde who spoke “The Boss wants to see you.” 
He got up and followed the blonde down the stairs to the table where Hettinger sat looking annoyed by the man’s face. Jinks saw Nose standing next to him smirking which his senses blared warning. 
He frowned as Hettinger spoke “You want to explain why you kicked Nose out of his cell? The number on his jumpsuit matches the cell number which proves is his while it’s not yours.” 
Jinks eyed Nose’s jumpsuit to see the familiar numbers were on it as a memory of Nose in the hallway to the shower room pulling out his jumpsuit, shoes and socks from a locker flashed in his mind. He looked down at himself and pulled his jumpsuit part where the number was examining it to see the number was different. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Nose switched jumpsuits on Hettinger’s orders.” 
Jinks heard Hettinger speak sounding annoyed “I want an explanation and it better be good.” 
He lowered his hand to stare at Hettinger and spoke “I have an injury to my arm and I need a bed to rest from it. Plus Nose needs to learn manners for his rudeness.” 
Jinks eyed Nose whose smirk was off his face with a frown in its place as he looked at Hettinger who spoke “Is that right on what Jinks said, Nose?”
He eyed Nose who spoke in a groaning tone “I was sort of rude to Jinks when trying to get him out of my cell which he retaliated by throwing me out of it.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Hettinger spoke “Jinks, stay out of Nose’s cell unless you have his permission and that’s the same with other people’s cells, get it?”
He nodded his head as he heard a siren sound groaned as prisoners around him scattered going into cells which he went to a table and sat in a chair leaning against it eyes on the forbidden doorway as he heard multiple cell doors slam shut. He frowned as he heard the familiar roaring noise followed by the Tee Dees walking into sight which he shut his eyes feeling himself tired. He jerked feeling pain in his legs and in his right arm opening his eyes to find the Tee Dees had mouths on the areas while feeling himself getting thirsty and more thirstier followed by an urge to sleep. He blinked his eyes as the sleepiness persisted and he shut his eyes surrendering to the feeling passing out unconscious and losing sensation of his body till blackness remained. 

Jinks came to hearing a loud sound that reminded him of an alarm clock. He jerked open his eyes seeing blurriness as he felt himself woozy and groaned loudly before shutting his eyes and passing out unconscious. 

Jinks heard the alarm clock sound again jerked his eyes open to discover the blurriness was gone with his eyes sight clear to see a female Human leaning over him with a frown on her face. He felt himself lying in a bed wearing a hospital gown with needle syringes taped to his right arm and legs feeling them injected in him with tubes leading to clear bags of liquid hanging on stands next to the bed while his left arm was still in its arm sling. He stared at the female who removed her head and felt hands on his shoulders pulling him up which he obeyed to see that the hands were belonging to the female who was wearing medical scrubs. He saw he was in a single bed hospital room as the female removed her hands and grabbed a cup full of clear liquid in it which she brought to his lips and stared at him. He felt himself terribly thirsty forced himself to drink the liquid discovering it was water which he found himself drinking it slowly by the woman manipulating the cup. He once finished saw the woman he assumed was a nurse place the cup on a dresser table next to the bed right next to an alarm clock like device sitting next to it. He frowned as the nurse picked up a tray from the dresser, full of items that smelled of food that made his stomach rumble as she placed it on his lap. He discovered the food was his familiar sandwich meal with fries and cup full of thick pink liquid which he gobbled the food up in fast motions and then gulped down the drink and felt himself much better. He sighed loudly as the nurse removed the tray and placed it on the dresser then leaned behind him as he felt vibrations of her moving part of the bed up then felt her hand on his shoulder pushing him back which he felt the bed part as he was in a leaning sitting position. He again sighed and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of the beach facing Lance who looked angry with an all black eyed glare. 
He stiffened as Lance spoke “The Meritanians just admitted to me that Nose harassed Victoria with threats six years ago and stole some of her money from her which the money was recovered.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father continued to speak sounding angry “According to the Meritanians this harassing was set off by Hettinger ordering Nose to do it which explains why that fool is in jail. He like Nose was caught by a Highlander scanning his mind unknowingly who brought him down with evidence and he wound up put in jail for a fifteen year sentence.”
Jinks felt himself angry as Lance’s eyes turned Human blue which he felt his father’s hands on his chest and forehead making him calm from his anger. 
He stared at his father who continued to speak “Commissioner Sarge? Remember him?”
He nodded his head as Lance added “He’s Montoya Ramos younger brother to Jones Ramos. He blames you for killing his brother despite a Builder ordering you to do it.” 
He felt himself stiffening from his father’s words as Lance nodded his head before speaking “Hettinger’s family bribed Ramos to put you in the jail where Hettinger was kept just so he could get rid of you. Unfortunately this bribing was already discovered before you were put there, by government officials with an interest in you who had hackers hack the camera recording devices to keep an eye on you and on other people who the Meritanians have refused to say who they are.” 
He frown hearing that as Lance kept talking “The Meritanians tell me that Ramos supplied Nose with a syringe full of lethal poisonous snake venom to be injected in you hence your arm injury which some Highlander reading Ramos’ mind tipped off a cop who’s part of the Master Organization of that that gave you the antidote and put your arm in a sling.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed as Lance continued to speak “The Tee Dees were ordered by Ramos to leave you alone for a certain period of time before being allowed to feed on you after if was apparent you survived the poisoning. The incident was the government’s opportunity of getting you out of the prison which you were transferred out of state to a hospital for your recovery. The plants have hinted that there’s more to the government’s interests in you despite them refusing to say what it is.”
He heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his father force his eyes shut as he felt himself losing sensation of everything around him followed by blackness hitting. 

Jinks came to hear the sound of the alarm clock blaring in his left ear that made him jerk his eyes open. He felt himself sitting in a chair with arm rests, wearing underwear briefs with sweat pants over them and a long sleeve sweat shirt top covering him with socks and sneakers on his feet felt. He groaned as the alarm sound stopped blares its noises in his ear as he sensed the sling was gone from his left arm but stiff cloth a bit tightly wrapped around it including his wrist and hand with his fingers free to move. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding in front of him raised his head to look around the room and frowned seeing that he was in the Oval Office of the White House and sitting behind the desk was a male with some grey in his long pulled back blonde hair, that looked familiar with other males wearing suits with ties like the sitting male, scattered in the room as one on his right waved an alarm clock device when he looked at him. Jinks frowned as he looked at the male sitting at the desk and assumed that he was the King from the males in the room eying him with their eyes from their positions around the room. 
Jinks frowned as he gave the King his attention who spoke sounding familiar “So we meet, Jinks Montreal.” 
He exhaled a breath as nothing came to his mind identifying the King who continued to speak “My father served you in the King position as the General who kept the position serving several Kings for over forty years which he retired after I won the election for the King position two years ago. You know him as Kennidis which is my last name.” 
Jinks stiffened as memories of General Kennidis flashed in his mind as the King kept talking “Kennidis in case you’re curious found a Builder female who bore him three sons which one of them was me given the names of Guard Kensington as my brothers were given the names of Henry Robert, and Ian Montreal.”
He frowned hearing Guard Kensington’s name recalling memories of him as the King paused from talking to flash golden eyes which made him stiffen seeing that recognizing that the man was a Builder. 
He frowned as the King continued “I have an ulterior motive having you here and out of jail.” 
Jinks heard a loud ahem sounding behind him as the King tipped his head appearing to look passed him then nod his head before speaking “Go to sleep Jinks.” 
He stiffened hearing the voice tone was compelling felt himself bowing his head and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hear the alarm clock sounding loudly jerked open his eyes to stare at a familiar ceiling which he discovered he was lying in a bed in a room with the sunlight shining in the windows with the shades up. He rolled over and glared at the clock seeing the time was six o’clock in the a.m. 
Groaning loudly he shut his eyes only to gets a communication from Lance yelling “Get up Jinks!”
He sighed loudly opened his eyes and sat up looking around the room seeing it looked familiar and recognized as the one he stayed in when he lived at the White House. He got up from the bed and felt himself tensed up. Sighing loudly he went to a bare spot on the floor and did his limber stretching exercises feeling himself relax from doing them. Jinks got up and heard a door knocking sound which he went to the door and yanked it open to see a male wearing a suit with a bow tie holding a box in his hands. 
Jinks stared at the male questioningly who spoke “I was told to give you this and told that you’re to go to the kitchen once you do your business for breakfast.” 
He nodded his head and took the package then shut the door which he went to the dresser and placed the box on top of it ripping it open to see inside was a bullet proof vest with a note attached to it. He read the note detailing him to put it on underneath dress suit clothes provided in the room and head to the kitchen for further briefing. 
Sighing he thought to himself “What the depths is going on here?”
He heard from Lance “You’ll find out don’t worry. Just go take a shower and change your clothes.”
He placed the note in the box and went into the bathroom which he found things were the same as before but there were consoles in the walls in place of faucets to move hot and cold water. He groaned and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes folding the clothes on the vanity and leaving the shoes underneath it. He went into the shower which the water turned on to cold which he stared at the console with confusion. 
He heard from Lance “its voice active. Just tell that thing to raise the temperature.” 
He stood underneath the water and spoke “Raise the temperature to ten degrees.” 
Jinks felt the coldness become lukewarm which he again gave the order and felt the heat come on and raised it again till it was hot enough for him. 
Jinks heard an electronic voice sounding feminine speaking “Save changes?”
He spoke “Save changes.” 
He heard an affirmative from the computer he assumed and resumed showering while using soap and shampoo from the dispensers in the walls to clean himself thoroughly. He sighed feeling the water wash off the soap and shampoo off of him and he exhaled a breath as he walked out of the shower stall hearing the water shut off behind him. He went to the towel rack and grabbed a towel using it to dry himself then wrapped the towel around his waist and left the bathroom heading towards the dresser to pull out drawers peering inside. He found in the top drawer pairs of underwear briefs which he exchanged the towel for one of them. He placed the towel on the dresser then looked in another top drawer next to the one holding underwear to find pairs of black socks rolled in balls which he yanked out one of them putting it on his feet then looked in the rest of the drawers finding them empty which he spotted the closet and went to it to peer inside sliding open the mirror door. He saw on one side of the walk in closet was hung clothes all in the color black which he examined seeing that they were dressy pants, long sleeve tops, short sleeve tops that appeared to be t-shirts and dressy business suit jackets and on the floor were pairs of dressy black shoes. He pulled out a pair of pants checking the size finding it’ll fit him which he put on his form then remembered the box’s item went to the dresser to yank out the bullet proof vest which he put on over his upper body. He went to the closet again and took a long sleeve top putting it on tucking part of it in his pants then pulled out a jacket putting it over his top then grabbed a pair of shoes putting them on his feet. He went to the dresser to stare at the mirror seeing his hair looked messy and went into the bathroom taking the towel with him which he hung it up then went to the vanity to yank open drawers. He found a hairbrush in one drawer along with feminine hair bands. He took out the hairbrush and brushed his hair neatly then with a sigh placed it down on the vanity and left the bathroom heading to the bedroom’s entrance door. Jinks yanked it open to see the familiar man with a bow tie was standing there giving him a frown on his face.  
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Jinks stared at the man seeing that the male had grey in his black hair as the male spoke “I was ordered to introduce myself. I’m called Gladstone and I’m the head of the servants here and my servant title is butler.” 
He nodded his head and then Gladstone added “I believe you’re wanted in the kitchen. Would you like me to lead you there?”
He spoke “No I’ll find it myself thanks.”
Jinks saw Gladstone nod his head before walking away going down the hallway. He remembered where the kitchen was went by memory taking a route to it to find it was where he remembered it and saw the cook a female with blonde hair inside at the stove cooking which he went to the table and sat at the bench hands clasped in front of him. 
He waited as the cook without a word placed a plate full of food in front of him with silverware and then she spoke “Wait while I get you something to drink.”
Jinks patiently waited eyeing the food hungrily as she put a cup full of orange liquid in front of him which he attacked the food finding himself ravenously hungry. He ate the food leaving no bites left and then gulped down the cup full of orange juice he identified from the taste leaving nothing left then set the cup down on the table. He sighed softly and heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his side. 
Jinks looked to see a male wearing a business suit with a black tie with blonde hair that spoke “Good you’re done with breakfast come with me please.” 
He obeyed getting up to follow the male out of the kitchen taking a route to another part of the White House he found to his memory he hadn’t been there before. He frowned seeing that the hallway held rooms with open doorways showing beds in them which he figured that they were the servants’ quarters. He kept his mouth shut as they reached the end of the hallway and felt himself filmed as the male knocked on the wall three times he counted. He heard a faint beep noise followed by part of the wall sliding open to his surprise showing a lighted stairwell going down in a circular motion. 
He frowned as the male spoke “The stairs will lead you to where you need to go so go inside.” 
Jinks felt himself obeying which he walked inside the stairwell to sense the wall sliding shut behind him. He felt himself filmed as he walked down the stairs till he reached the end of them to see a wall at the end which slid open showing light shining. He walked into the doorway to pause seeing a large room where numerous men and women were inside at consoles while wearing headsets as there were flat screened TV monitor screens in the walls showing various camera views. He frowned as he walked further into the room to sense the door behind him slid shut. He spotted in the middle of the room was a table where a male with long black hair pulled back in ponytail wearing a uniform that reminded him of the uniform General Kennidis would wear standing leaning over papers on it with another male wearing a suit who was talking while gesturing to the papers. Jinks walked up to the table as the men noticed him which the suit man walked away at the General he assumed head gesture. 
Jinks frowned to fold his arms staring at the General who straighten up his form before speaking “I’m General Boris Goldberg dubbed Gold by the King and his staff. Welcome to the Secret Dungeon where we watch everything going on around here.” 
He bobbed his head a short nod and then frowned as Gold continued to speak “Your mission like I told the others is to act as the King’s eyes and ears protecting him and his family from harm period.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Gold’s words as the General paused. 
He thought to himself “Must be the King’s ulterior motive.”
He heard from Lance “There’s more to that Jinks.” 
Jinks frowned as Gold stared at him with a narrowed eyed look which he figured that the General wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Interesting anything else I should know of? Like who’s the King’s family anyway?”
Jinks frowned as Gold spoke “Come with me.” 
He followed Gold to a TV monitor in the wall who added “Ari show the official King and family portrait.” 
He frowned as he heard a female electronic voice speak “Working.” 
Jinks eyed the TV monitor which flashed to show a picture of the King from the waist up smiling while standing next to a short black haired female looking old as him on his left and along with another female with blonde hair looking young on his right.
He heard Gold speak “The woman on the King’s right is his wife a Human named Vienna Ianova Kennidis. The lady on his left is his daughter a Human Builder Hybrid named Lynnina Kendra Kennidis. Lynnina is currently attending college at Yale in another location.”
He sighed eyeing the picture as Gold paused then spoke “Show Sasha and Socks.” 
He saw the TV monitor flash showing two separate pictures side by side with gonoids in them. He saw the one on his left was a dog with orange like fur and some whiteness on its face and paws while standing on grass and on his right was a picture of a cat with black and white fur appearing to be sniffing the ground. 
He heard Gold speak “The dog is a female named Sasha the King’s family pet. The cat is dubbed Socks for it’s been seen hanging around the grounds and has snuck into the White House several times along with escaping from the place. This happened a year after the King took office. No one has figured out where the cat came from and no one has claimed it. Also no one has been able to catch Socks and our trapping methods haven’t succeeded in catching it either. At this moment we don’t know if Socks is a male or a female hence me referring the cat as it.”
Jinks frowned seeing the pictures as Gold paused to clear his throat. He looked at Gold looking at him with again that narrowed eyed look. 
He spoke “I’m familiar with cats from having them as pets over the years but I don’t have much experience with dogs.” 
He heard a hmm from Gold as the General spoke “I got to warn you that Lynnina once you meet her likes to latch onto males who look pleasant to the eye as her mate friend and she doesn’t take no for an answer when she has a male in her sights. She’s gone through numerous men among the staff myself included till the King got fed up and ordered her to attend college which she’s doing at the moment as a walk in student at Yale.” 
Jinks spoke remembering something in his mind “Would that be Yale in New Haven, Connecticut?”
Jinks saw the look of surprise on Gold’s face as the General spoke “How did you know of that? Yale being a private college doesn’t like to flaunt their location to the public very much.”
He sighed and spoke “A former King back then named Guard Kensington was supposed to give a speech at the graduation ceremony but he died of cancer a month before that happened. Luckily Yale had a typed draft of Kensington’s speech asked me to speak it on his behalf which I did.”
Jinks saw Gold’s face form a frown as the General spoke “You’re older than you appear to be. The King has hinted in private to me that you’re very old despite your young appearance.”
He frowned inwardly hearing Gold’s words as he heard the familiar female voice speaking “Gryphon’s active.” 
He felt confused hearing that as Gold spoke “Gryphon is the code name for the King who’s up awake and moving around in the hallways. He’s probably heading to the dining room to eat then will head to the Oval office for briefing. He expects me and others there waiting for him to arrive to the Oval office so come along.” 
He wordlessly followed Gold out of the room to the stairwell going up them to the wall which opened and then into the hallway which he head the door slid shut behind him. Jinks followed Gold taking a route to the Oval office where once inside he found that the General and he were the first to arrive. 
Jinks frowned as the General spoke “Ari scanners on now.” 
He folded his arms hearing nothing from the computer he assumed was called Ari. 
He spoke “The White House is controlled by a computer?”
Jinks stared at Gold who turned to face him and the General spoke “Just upgrades in technology that monitors the White House to keep the King and people in it safe from visitors causing harm. The King allows on certain days to have selected people tour the White House and meets the staff including meeting the King himself when he’s in residence here. Its part of his publicity to the people as an attempt to get them to like him enough to reelect him once the time arrives.” 
Jinks nodded his head frowning as other members of the King’s staff came into the room not looking surprised to see him standing there which he thought wondering if the King told them of his plans involving him. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Don’t worry about that.”
Jinks frowned folding his arms as Gold went to stand next to the desk in front of it which he wordlessly followed taking his position next to the General standing sideways head looking at the doorway. He eyed the doorway struggling to be patient and was rewarded when the King came into view with the guards closing the doors behind him. 
He heard Gold speak “Good morning sir.” 
Jinks watched as the King went to the desk to sit down before speaking “Report.” 
He listened as Gold spoke “Everything is tip top shape sir with no problems reported last night except motion sensors on the back lawn detected Socks walking on the grass. Cameras show the cat near the back door which Socks snuck inside once the door was open by the delivery guy carrying a parcel. Socks is somewhere around in hiding for the staff haven’t seen a peep from the cat.”
Jinks heard a meow sound loudly as the General paused and felt pressure on his ankle that felt familiar which he looked down to see a black and white cat rubbing its head on the area. He slowly bent down and gave the cat some scratches on the back end near the tail and then with a swift move swoop the cat up to hold it up with his hands. He felt no protest from Socks as he straightened his form to see Gold looking bugged eyed as the King looked shocked. 
He spoke sounding annoyed “Would someone determine if Socks is male or female?”
Jinks eyed Gold who shook his head before stepping forwards to examine Socks’ rear end and tummy areas with his hands which the General spoke “Cat’s a female from the looks of it. I’m surprised with Socks’ behavior towards you considering she’s not that friendly with people and is only friendly with the cook who leaves out food for her to eat.”
He felt Socks squirm in his hands gently placed the cat down on the floor who sat on her haunches and started licking her paw and rubbing it over her right ear. 
Jinks sighed as he heard the King clear his throat which he looked at Kennidis who spoke “You seem to have some ability to get cats friendly with you. I heard about that from my father who mentioned that there was a cat named Snowball that wasn’t friendly with people but seemed to like you enough to live with you.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as the King looked at him with a frown which he figured that Kennidis wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “I had cats as pets over the years and I have experience with them and their care.”
He paused sensing himself filmed as his senses blared warning. 
He frowned as he heard one of the males speaking “You want to explain to Jinks why you have him serving you despite him being a convicted killer?”
Jinks flared the Master through and spoke in a rush “Don’t answer that sir.” 
Jinks looked around the room at the other men who appeared to look nervous seeing him looking at them till his eye focused on a male near the desk with arms folded looking like he had anger in his eyes despite a frown on his face. His senses blared warning as he looked at the male and with a hand up he mentally ordered paralysis to hit the male and watched as the man crumpled down onto the floor. 
He heard the King speak with warning in his voice “Jinks.”
Jinks ignored him going to the male and willed part of the paralysis away and spoke “Where’s the recording device on you? Say the location or else.” 
He glared at the male who appeared to gulp before speaking “Underneath my shirt.” 
Jinks bent down yanking at the male’s top revealing a large flat device attached to the man’s chest on the skin. 
He heard Gold exclaim “Son of a bitch!”
Jinks straightened up his form as Gold continued to speak “This got to be Johnson’s doing. That bastard won’t quit.” 
He frowned to stare at the King who gave off a sound of disgust. 
He spoke “Who’s Johnson?”
Jinks stared at the King who spoke “Johnson as in Marvin Johnson a former King who was running for reelection and my opponent. I for some unexplained reason won the election by a landslide which Johnson proved to be a sore loser swore that he’ll get me kicked out of the position. This is not the first time he pulled stunts on me. There were several others in the past.” 
Jinks frowned as the King paused, to fist his hand and brought it down onto the male on the floor’s face knocking him unconscious then straightened up to will the Master away from him. 
He heard Gold speak “There’s a report among the news affiliates that there was a leak as in someone blabbing our meetings’ contents to them and we haven’t figured out how they did it till now.” 
Jinks looked at Gold who had an angry look on his face as the King spoke “Told you General that he’ll be useful which he has proven that.” 
He looked at the King as he heard a loud ahem sound sounding behind him and saw Kennidis appear to look past him before nodding his head. 
Jinks thought “There’s something else going on that the King isn’t saying that involves me.” 
Jinks heard nothing from Lance figured that he was busy conversing with the Meritanians to pay attention to him. 
He frowned as the King spoke “Uh what’s the date today and my schedule anyway?”
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise sounding from behind him as a male came into view holding a clipboard in his hand which was giving off beeping noises. 
He eyed the male who spoke “Today’s a holiday called Royal’s Day which you’re required to go out in public to meet them as soon as you’re ready as in a walk down Monument Ave. Then there’s a special luncheon at one o’clock with the senators honoring the former Kings and Queens who once held your position which you’re required to give a speech thanking them for the honoring. Then there’s the King’s Ball at six o’clock with who’s who in entertainment world along with invited members of the government. That’s it for your schedule of events today.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he recalled nothing of the King’s schedule happened to him when he was King himself. 
He eyed the King who spoke sounding dejected “Have a car ready for me and alert the guards to be ready in case for anything.”
He heard from the male “Will do.” 
He frowned at the King’s dejected tone as the King spoke sounding serious “Gold, get Jinks the proper eyewear for I want him as another personal bodyguard to accompany Henny in the job.” 
Jinks heard Gold speak “Done as ordered. Come with me Jinks.” 
He wordlessly followed Gold out of the room taking a route to near the front entrance to the house where he saw a long red orange haired female wearing a feminine version of a suit standing with arms folded and a glare on her face with a table next to her holding various items on it. 
He heard Gold address the female “Henny, this is Jinks Montreal your partner.” 
Jinks frowned seeing that Henny was a female who eyed him with a glare before she spoke sounding irritated “He better hold his own for I’m not helping him out of trouble with the King’s life at stake.” 
Jinks frowned staring at Henny as Gold spoke “Just give him what he needs for the job alright? I’m wanted elsewhere.” 
He watched as Gold took off walking briskly away down the hallway as he heard Henny speak “Damn General for sticking a kid onto me, just what I need.” 
Jinks turned to look at Henny who noticed him looking at her added “Alright here sunglasses that are recorders record everything once you’re wearing them over your eyes.” 
He watched as she picked up a pair of sunglasses from the table with tubes attached at the ends appearing to be wires with small antennas sticking out of them. He caught the sunglasses she threw at him and stuck them on over his eyes. He saw the view through them was same as a pair of sunglasses but sensed them recording his eyes sight view. 
He stared at Henny who pulled out an identical pair of sunglasses from her pocket of her jacket putting them on over her face.
He frowned as Henny spoke “Now we wait for the King to arrive and escort him to the car.” 
Jinks folded his arms to look at the hallway leading further into the house feeling himself wondering what the King had in mind for him to do besides protecting him. He didn’t have long to wait as the King arrived with a female wearing a red suit complete with a skirt he recognized as Vienna the King’s wife. 
He heard Henny spoke as the King and Vienna walked past them “Let’s rock and roll.” 
He unfolded his arms and followed the King, his wife and Henny while taking up the rear to outside to a black limo sitting in the driveway. He paused as Henny followed the couple inside which he went inside slamming the car door behind him. He sat next to Henny facing the couple who appeared to be in the middle of a conversation as the car drove. 
Jinks overheard Vienna speaking “Yale administrators report several things about Lynnina that have me furious.”
He frowned as Vienna paused to give off a sound of disgust before she continued speaking “They report that Lynnina flunked her classes in the first term which they put her on probation. They also say she is not doing much improvement in her classes in her second term which they are recommending that she drop out of school or be kicked out by them which will stay on her record and prove a problem with her reentering Yale.”
He heard the King speak “Let me guess she still hasn’t broken her male obsession habit hasn’t she?”
He frowned as Vienna spoke “That’s another thing I wanted to talk to you about. The school have reported numerous complaints by the males on staff about Lynnina’s behavior towards them which the school has repeatedly reprimanded her to cease the behavior but she still won’t do it hence their drop out recommendation.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as the King gave up a sound of disgust and then he spoke “Ugh.” 
He frowned to speak “You sure Lynnina isn’t ordered by a Builder to do this behavior?”
He felt Henny’s elbow in his side clamped his mouth shut as the couple looked at him with glares on their faces. 
He frowned as the King spoke “Believe me that theory was already tried and done with but its Lynnina who’s doing it herself not by other outside influences.” 
He again felt Henny’s elbow in his side bowed his head shifting his eyes to the floor. He heard nothing from the couple but whispering sounds figured that they had lowered their voices. 
He felt a yank on his ear from Henny grabbing it and heard her whisper “Any conversation between the King and Wife is private. We don’t talk to them about what they say period.” 
He nodded his head as Henny released his ear. He looked up to stare at the King and Vienna who continued their whispered conversation heads close to each other’s ear. 
He felt the car stop and heard the driver speak sounding Highlander like “Monument Ave. There’s a crowd waiting for you.” 
Jinks followed Henny out of the car followed by the King and Vienna. He copied Henny’s movements near the couple keeping a distance away from them as they walked down a road full of monuments in it with barricades forming an aisle and people behind them cheering their cries. He followed the couple walking down the aisle and paused as they stopped to go to the barricades to shake hands with people while conversing with them. He continued to shadow the King and Vienna till they reached the end of the aisle where a limo was sitting there which he followed the couple inside with Henny behind him closing the car door. He sat with a frown on his face folding his arms to bow his head eyes staring at the floor. 
He heard Vienna speak loudly “Drat that kid of mine. Why does she have to be obsessed with men?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard the King speak “I do not get it either why she’s having this obsession especially towards older men instead of males her age.” 
He frowned hearing that wisely kept his mouth shut as the couple didn’t say much more for him to listen. 
He felt the car stop abruptly with a jerk and heard the driver speak “There’s a guy in the middle of the road holding some kind of long gun who blocked me from driving pass him. He keeps getting into the way.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust and spoke loudly “Want me to handle him?”
He heard from the King “Unnecessary the police should handle him.” 
He bobbed his head in a yes gesture and then felt thudding vibrations as the driver spoke “He’s shooting bullets at the car. The shield is holding according to monitors.”
He heard a loud bam sound followed by another bam sound and heard the driver speak “He blew out the front tires ahh!”
Jinks heard a sound of glass breaking behind him followed by a gun shot sound twisted to see the driver slumped over the wheel as he saw something like a long gun remove it’s self from the broken window. 
He heard the King speak “So much for millions in car technology.” 
He again heard the glass breaking sound to see another window next to the driver’s side smashed apart. With a growl he opened the car door and got out of the car willing the Darkness and Master through while slamming it shut behind him and sensed himself filmed. Jinks eyed the male wearing army colored clothing while holding a long gun in his hands that pointed it at him. He held his hands up one in a fist and other open with palm facing the male who gave him a glare. Jinks stared at the male who raised his gun towards him which he mentally ordered the gun to jam with a hand wave and heard the thing give off sounds of jamming. Jinks watched as the male fiddled with the gun before throwing it at him. He ducked and stood waiting as the male charged at him throwing fists and legs in moves he recognized as karate. Jinks blocked the male’s fists and legs kicking and met the male’s fighting with equal karate fighting him back. Jinks during the fight sensed the male’s nervousness wondered why as the male knocked off his sunglasses by yanking it off his face which he saw shock in the man’s eyes before the man dropped the sunglasses and then darted away running down the street among cars driving it that honked horns at him. He shook his head with disgust running through him picked up his sunglasses and stuck them back on covering his eyes which he went to the car and got inside slamming the door shut behind him. He sat next to Henny who gave off a chuckle sound which he looked at her. 
Jinks stared at Henny who noticed him staring at her cut her chuckle sound before speaking sounding amused “Not bad kid.”
He heard Lance yell “Jinks look out! Torpedo heading towards the car on your left!”
He looked on his left to see a line of fire heading towards the car and yelled “Everybody gets out of the car now!”
He grabbed Vienna and pushed her out of the car followed by pushing himself out which he hauled her away from the car as he heard a loud explosion sound behind him felt a body knock him down on top of Vienna. He kept himself still as the explosion sound stopped followed by the body he sensed was male getting off of him which he raised Vienna up from the ground to turn around staring at the wrecked remains of the car. He looked around to spot Henny lying on the ground appearing to be unconscious which he darted towards her to squat and felt for her life signs. He felt her pulse beating as he saw that she looked like she was knocked out unconscious by a bruise on her forehead with her sunglasses lying crumbled on the ground. Jinks patted Henny on the cheek who jerked open her eyes showing them clear with pain in them. He helped her up as she groaned loudly from pain. He stared at the King and Vienna standing nearby hugging each other looking upset by the looks on their faces. 
Jinks heard Henny speak “How the depths did you know of that torpedo coming to the car? Oh don’t tell me must be military training or something.” 
He shrugged and kept his mouth shut as he heard sounds of sirens coming closer and closer. 
He heard Lance speak “Will the Darkness and Master away now. Don’t let them know of that.” 
Jinks obeyed to exhale a breath as the emergency crew arrived who examined the King and Vienna then himself and Henny followed by attending to the car putting out the fire. He didn’t say a word as another limo arrived which he and others got inside. 
He heard the King speak “Driver, drive us to the White House.” 
He frowned as he heard Vienna speak “The luncheon? We’re not going?”
Jinks raised his head to stare at the King who eyed his wife and Kennidis spoke “No not until who did this stunt of blowing up the car and brought to justice is found first.”
He exhaled a breath as he saw Vienna appear to agree with her husband on that by her nodding her head followed by speaking in a panic tone “What about Lynnina? What’s going to happen to her?”
Jinks watched the King silenced his wife with a lip kiss on the lips then broke it off to speak “If it makes things easier for you I’ll have Lynnina leave Yale immediately and get to here safe as I can make it.” 
Jinks saw Vienna burst into tears as the King placed his forehead on Vienna’s forehead who kept on crying tears. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the car drove to the White House and stopped in the driveway where he saw Gold standing in front of the entrance with arms folded and a glare on his face. He got out of the car followed by Henny, the King and Vienna which he followed the couple inside the house as Gold took up the rear. 
He felt a tap on his shoulder stopped to turn around to face Henny who spoke “Give me your sunglasses. I need to take them for Ari to analyzing the recording.” 
He obeyed handing her the sunglasses who walked off which he stood watching as the couple walked out of sight with Henny following them. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his left looked to see Gold standing next to him with arms still folded. 
He looked at Gold who spoke “Some things going on. The Senators for some unexplained reason just prior to the situation involving the car cancelled out on the luncheon and spies report their having a closed meeting in the Congress building in one of the meeting rooms. I don’t know what it is but it smells of something fishy is going on around here.” 
He wisely kept his mouth shut as Gold paused from talking then continued to speak looking at him “I suggest you wash up and eat. The King’s Ball hasn’t been cancelled yet. I also suggest you get yourself ready for it in case.” 
He nodded his head and then walked away at Gold’s head gesture which he went to his room to find the door locked to his disgust. He rapped a fist on the door which opened showing a blonde woman looking familiar wearing a tight fitting dress that looked shocked seeing him. 
He stared at the woman who spoke “Come on in. You look like you could use a shower.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as the woman grabbed his arm and led him into the room slamming the door behind them. He heard her command Ari to lock the door which he heard locking bolts sounding followed by being led to the bathroom. Once inside he didn’t protest as she helped him strip him of his shoes and clothes till he was naked. 
Jinks eyed the woman who stared at his body and his sensitive part with widen eyes which he placed hands on her head and brought his lips onto her lips kissing her. He heard her mm some sounding of shock to him as he kissed her. 
Jinks heard Lance’s voice speaking “Lynnina is implanted with a device to prevent pregnancy.” 
He ran his hands through her long blonde hair as it dawned on him why she was familiar. He realized with a start that Lance wasn’t kidding on her being Lynnina the King’s daughter. He brought his hands lower touching her backside and settled on her hips lifting her up which he used his senses to put her sitting on the sink counter. Jinks continued to kiss Lynnina brought his hands lower to her dress pulling it up and felt no protest from her as he felt her legs wrap around him locking him in position as he broke off the kiss. He yanked off the dress of Lynnina’s form and ripped her of her underwear leaving her body naked as he is. Jinks felt no barriers blocking his way as he entered her thrusting in rhythm as he felt Lynnina’s hands on his shoulders nails digging into his skin. He felt himself spill inside her while hearing her give off a loud gasp sound followed by her form becoming still with shaking felt. Jinks felt her legs unlock from around him followed by her giving off crying sounds of sadness. 
He brought his lips to her ear and spoke whispering “I’m sorry Lynnina.” 
Jinks felt no protest from her as he pulled out and bent to pick up her discarded dress. He placed it on her form forcing her to stand from sitting and hugged her as she continued to cry tears. He without a word broke off the hug and went to the shower stall going inside and felt the water turn itself on washing him. He eyed Lynnina who darted out of the bathroom which he showered cleaning himself thoroughly. Once done he walked out of the shower and grabbed a towel wrapping it around his waist. He picked up his discarded clothes folding them and carried them out of the bathroom which he set them down on the dresser and paused to stare at Lynnina sitting on the window bench back to him while appearing to be looking out the window. He heard her still crying tears sighed and got himself dressed in clothes and shoes along with the bullet proof vest underneath. He went into the bathroom to brush his hair and walked out to stare at Lynnina whose form he saw was shaking as he heard her still sobbing. Without a word he walked up to her and placed a hand on top of her head rubbing the area then removed his hand before walking away walking to the door which he manually unlocked it and walked out shutting it behind him. He exhaled a breath and took a route to the kitchen to sit at the table bench hands clasped in front of him. He waited as the cook placed a plate full of food which he refrained himself from eating waiting as she placed a cup full of white liquid next to the plate along with silverware. Jinks ate the food feeling himself needing to eat despite not feeling that hungry. He ate everything on the plate leaving nothing left and gulped down the drink he discovered was milk which he drank all of it. Once done he got up and walked out of the kitchen taking a route to the servant’s quarters which on the way he met Gold who blocked his progress. 
Jinks stared at Gold questioningly who spoke “You met Lynnina.” 
He nodded his head but kept his mouth shut as Gold continued to speak “Anyway remember what I told you earlier? The guests to the King’s Ball abruptly cancelled. Spies report that it’s got something to do with that meeting the Senators are having at the moment. I don’t like this. Something is going and it’s suspicious.” 
He frowned as Gold added from pausing “Come with me. I have to report this to the King who’s not going to be happy to hear this.” 
Jinks wordlessly followed Gold to the Oval office which he heard the General spoke “Ari have Gryphon meet Obsidian in the Oval office.” 
He frown waiting in the Oval office as Gold stood with arms folded both facing the doors. Jinks waited as the doors opened showing the King looking weary and annoyed by the look on his face as the guards shut the door behind Kennidis. 
Jinks heard Gold speak “There’s a problem I think you should know of.”
He frowned as the King went to an armchair and sank his form into it before speaking “Gold talk.” 
Jinks listened as Gold repeated what he told him to the King whose face became a glare. 
He frowned as the King spoke as Gold stopped talking “I don’t like what I’m hearing from you. I feel like pointing the finger of blame towards Johnson for causing it but something tells me otherwise. Where’s Lynnina? I heard from Gladstone that she’s left Yale campus and is elsewhere.” 
Jinks spoke “She’s here in the house somewhere. I saw her.” 
Jinks heard a loud sigh from the King who gave up a groan rubbing his hand on his forehead before adding “At least she’s safe from harm. I’m very relieved.” 
He heard Gold spoke “What should we do about this situation?”
Jinks stared at the King who lowered his hand before Kennidis spoke “Nothing at the moment till the Senators’ purpose is revealed whenever that is. If you don’t mind I like to retire to my quarters. I am quite weary and could use some sleep.” 
He eyed Gold who spoke “I’ll keep you updated on this. Just go get some sleep sir.” 
He watched as the King got up from the chair and walked out of the room opening the doors and walked out of sight. 
Jinks frowned as Gold added “Come with me.”
He followed Gold without a word taking a route to the Secret Dungeon which once inside he found Henny scowling at a console where a male was sitting typing on a keyboard looking nervous. 
Gold spoke “Henny report.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Henny spoke “Just analyzing the recording taken from Jinks’ sunglasses. The recording shows someone standing in front of a van holding something suspiciously like a rocket launcher. It’s very well detailed on who that person is identified as a masked Highlander wearing a business suit.”
Jinks sensed his senses blared warning as Henny continued to speak “The torpedo judging by the speed was too fast for a normal Human to have seen it enough to get out of the car.”
He saw her look up with suspicion on her face aimed at him as Gold spoke “Don’t worry about it. Be grateful that you’re still alive alright?”
He eyed Henny that nodded her head before looking down at the console over the male typing on the keyboard’s shoulder. 
He heard Gold speak “Put the recording on the monitor. I want to see for myself what you found.”
He followed Gold to a flat screen monitor on the wall and paused as the General paused from walking to stare at the TV. He waited as the screen flashed showing what he saw was the torpedo heading towards the car in a fast motion. Then the scene paused to show flick closer towards the torpedo focused on an overweight male appearing to be a masked Highlander wearing a business suit standing in front of a van holding a rocket launcher gun in his hands. 
Jinks spoke as his senses again blared warning seeing the male Highlander “The shooter’s not a Highlander but a Human in disguise.”
Jinks heard a groan from Gold followed by the General speaking “What makes you say that?”
He replied “It’s the body’s build. Too stocky and overweight to be a Highlander. Highlanders are always thin people and never overweight or stocky so it’s a Human in disguise.” 
Jinks heard Gold groan loudly before the General spoke “This complicates things. Henny what else is on the recording?”
He frowned as the TV monitor flashed to show a male Human holding a long gun in his hands facing the eyes sight view with a glare on his face. 
He heard Henny spoke “Ari’s running at the moment on identifying the male which is slow going. Ari according to her has to bypass high security files in order to find him which it’s taking her awhile. So far she hasn’t found anything locally in the area to identify him. She’s running the search wider now.” 
Jinks frowned as Ari’s voice came on speaking “Message from Sub Zero two, priority classified, General’s eyes only.” 
Jinks heard Gold groan out “Drat that’s from the Senators. What the depths do they want?”
He watched as Gold went to a console putting on a head set over his ears and spoke “Ari play message.” 
He watched Gold’s face showing range of emotions followed by an angry look before speaking sounding angry “Ari put message in my file labeled Obsidian.” 
Jinks stared at Gold who yanked off the head set tossing it onto the console before speaking loudly “Jinks leave the room now. Go find Lynnina and stay with her.” 
He stared at Gold who looked furious which he turned and left the room taking a route to his bedroom which he found the door unlocked walked inside to sense Lynnina was gone from the room. 
He spoke remembering the computer “Ari, Lynnina’s location?”
Jinks heard the computer voice speak “King’s residence.” 
He sighed and went to the armchair and sat eyes staring at the door with a frown on his face letting his thoughts wander. 
He heard from Lance “Go to sleep now!”
Jinks obeyed leaning his form back on the chair and shut his eyes to dream of the beach himself facing Lance who looked irritated. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The Meritanians tell me that someone possibly working for Hettinger found out that you’re serving the King and told the Senators including a very detailed report of your past as a convicted killer and the Hettinger Family’s feud with you who made an emergency meeting to discuss this.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as his father continued to speak “The discussion according to the Meritanians is on what to do with you considering you saved the life of three people from getting blown up in a car. You’re right on that being a Human in disguise. He was according to the plants on Hettinger’s payroll that was targeting you which the Senators for some unexplained reason found out about that.”
Jinks felt himself getting angry as Lance abruptly placed hands on his forehead and chest which he felt himself calming down. 
He heard Lance speak “They have discussed in the meeting about the Hettinger family having some feud with you and doing anything to kill you off which they have decided that you were to stop being the King’s protector and sent the General the message ordering him to cease this protection.”
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance kept talking “The King has a personal interest in you from being told of you by his father over the years he grew up. The plants tell me the King’s interests is wanting to use your special abilities to protect him and his family from harm along with that you being a former King would give him advice to his questions on how to hold the King position-”
Jinks frowned as Lance was interrupted by Ramses speaking his familiar question which his eyes were forced shut. He came to feel a fist connect with his forehead which he blinked his eyes raising his head up to discover himself wearing a jumpsuit with slippers on his feet while restrained to a chair feeling like a wheelchair underneath a spotlight. Jinks looked to see a male appearing to have Highlander ears with face masked but his body was stocky and overweight that told him that the male was a Human in disguise that removed a meaty fist from near his face. He looked around with confusion to see he was in a small rectangular room and facing him was a black window in the wall while sensing himself filmed. 
He felt himself confused as he heard a male electronic voice speaking loudly “Highlander leave the room now.” 
He watched as the disguised male walked off towards the window wall stopping next to the window which part of the blank wall slid open showing a doorway with blackness behind it and then the male disappeared out of sight through it with the door sliding shut behind him. 
Jinks heard the male voice speaking again “Tell me something I don’t know Jinks Montreal.”
He clamped his mouth shut and eyed the window unseeing the people he sensed were behind it watching him. 
Jinks heard the male voice speak again “Tell me why a convicted killer is protecting the King enough to save him and two other people from being blown up by torpedo hitting a car.” 
He felt himself compelled to speak spoke “It’s the right thing to do.”
Jinks paused to hear a faint growling noise that reminded him of the Tee Dees. 
He added “What’s wrong with doing that?”
He heard silence from the voice frowned forming it on his lips as he looked at his right to see part of the wall was fenced with three Tee Dees behind it chewing unsuccessfully on the bars while pawing it with their paws. He frowned as they gave off growling noises sounding louder with frustration in the tone. 
Jinks looked away towards the window wall as he heard the male voice speaking “Anything else you want to say about that?”
He shook his head in a no gesture while hearing the Tee Dees’ growling become louder with anger in the tone. He exhaled a breath as he heard a whining squeal sound followed by a thud on his right and looked to see the gate had fallen open followed by the Tee Dees walking into the room stalking towards him with some look in their Human like eyes that suggested hunger to him. He stiffened eying both the Tee Dees and the window wall as the gonoids came nearer and nearer towards him which he focused his attention towards the three. He watched as the three reached him followed by one putting its mouth on his right arm which he felt a stinging pain along with feeling stinging pains on his legs and sensed the other Tee Dees had bitten him there. He felt himself getting thirsty and thirstier as his mouth became dryer and dryer which he eyed the window wall as the Tee Dees sucked him. He heard a loud whining like squeal sound very loudly and felt the Tee Dees off of him darting off to his right side going to the wall disappearing through it followed by the fallen gate lifting itself up locking in position followed by the sound stopping. Jinks cracked his lips as the wall next to the window wall slid open showing the disguised Human entering the room that held up a bottle of clear liquid in his hand and paused from walking to stare at him while folding his arms hand still holding the bottle. 
Jinks heard the electronic voice speak “Tell me about the Hettinger family and their feud with you.” 
He exhaled a breath through his dry mouth to discover he still had his voice which came out in a loud tone “Their angry at me for ordering the arrest of Kevin Hettinger charging him for bribery which he was given a jail sentence of twenty years only to die in prison killed by a fellow inmate after serving five of those years. They blame me for his death in prison which they claim that the inmate was ordered by me to do the killing. I had nothing to do with Hettinger’s death or anything to do with the inmate that killed him. The inmate in question was in prison for a life sentence for killing three New York City cops and was later executed for killing Hettinger.”
He paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “The Hettinger Family has refused to let go of their anger and blame towards me hence the feud. They have tried over the years to kill me with numerous attempts when I ran for public offices even running for the King position. One of them named Wieland years ago tried to kill my daughter in front of me but he was stopped from doing it. Another Hettinger named Guinness ordered a Builder female to use her compelling voice to have me kill a male named Jones Ramos which was caught on tape. Guinness wound up shooting me in the chest which put me out in some sleep coma that lasted for nearly a decade.”
He clamped his mouth shut eying the window while frowning inwardly as he eyed the disguised male and the window back and forth thinking to himself “What’s going on with Hettinger torturing me with questions?”
He got a communication from Lance speaking “It’s not Hettinger who’s doing that but someone else who has an interest in the feud which the Hettinger family isn’t aware of them.”
He frowned as Lance became silent which he eyed the window to stare at it feeling his senses blare warning that bothered him. 
He heard the voice speak “Highlander, give him something to drink.” 
Jinks eyed the disguised male who unfolded his arms walking up to him to stand next to him uncapping the bottle and brought it to his lips. He greedily drank only to realize too late that it was alcohol and struggled to remove his mouth from the bottle’s lip as the disguised male forced the contents down his throat. He felt himself getting out of it as the bottle became empty and then the lip was removed from his mouth. He jerked his eyes struggling to keep them open as the urge to shut them came to him which he wondered what was with the sleepy reaction to the beer he drank. He surrendered to the urge shut his eyes and came to find himself lying on a rugged floor feeling sick in his stomach. He woozily sat up to discover he was still in the rectangular room with the wheelchair in the middle underneath the spotlight while feeling himself getting more woozily from sitting up. He groaned loudly rubbing a hand on his forehead. 
He heard the familiar male voice speaking “So nice of you to join us from your sleep.” 
He frowned for the voice sounded like it had sarcasm in it as he heard growling sounds coming from the Tee Dees which he eyed seeing them behind the fence pawing it along with biting it with their mouths. 
He groaned loudly as the fence fell with a thud followed by the Tee Dees walking out stalking towards him with hungry looks in their eyes. He stiffened as they reached him putting their mouths on his legs which he forced himself to lie down as he felt the familiar stinging pain. He felt himself getting thirsty and thirstier as his mouth became dryer and dryer followed by sleepiness hitting him hard which he shut his eyes passing out unconscious and losing sensation around him and his body till nothing remained. 

Jinks came to find himself lying in a bed wearing a hospital gown on his form covering him and the jumpsuit was gone from him. He eyed the ceiling seeing it clearly as he felt needles in his bare arms and legs while having metal wrapped around the wrists and ankles areas. He felt his thirstiness was still there but not bothering him as he forced himself to sit up while looking around the room feeling himself restrained to the bed by the metal restraints. He saw a door in the wall facing him with a large black window next to it and sensed people watching him while sensing himself filmed. He eyed the window with a frown as the door slid open showing blackness behind it as a female appearing to be a Highlander with ears despite her face covered came into the room carrying a bottle of clear liquid in it. He eyed the bottle as she reached his bed uncapping it and grabbed the back of his head along with putting the bottle’s lip on his lips forcing him to drink the contents he discovered was water. He greedily drank it slow by the female’s manipulating the bottle till it was completely empty then she walked away letting go of him and removing the bottle. He watched her leave the room sliding the door behind her. Jinks exhaled a breath looking at the tubes leading from syringes attached to him going to clear bags with clear liquid hanging on poles next to his bed. He felt a familiar tube around his sensitive part along with an urge hitting him bowed his head to stare at his lap as he released the toxins within him sensing the tube around him taking it in. He raised his head to eye a large clear tube peeking out of his gown as he released himself appearing to be from his sensitive part with part of the tube going off the bed and down below the railing. Jinks sighed as he felt himself stop breathed deeply through his nose feeling himself much better eyed the window with a frown. 
Jinks heard the familiar male voice speaking “So nice of you to join us, Jinks.”
He exhaled a breath hearing no mood tone in the voice despite it being electronic. 
He eyed the window as the voice continued speaking “You’re very unusual for someone who appears Human but is not entirely human despite the appearance.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the voice paused then continued to speak “Let me tell you the results of tests which reveal that you have characteristics of Highlander and Builder in you but doesn’t explain your deathless state.” 
He stiffened hearing the word Builder frowned wondering if the Darkness within him had anything to do with it. 
He heard from Lance “I don’t recall any Builder characteristic when I had the body.”
Jinks frowned as the voice spoke “You have anything to say about this test results?”
He spoke finding his voice clear “That’s not what I was told when I had tests done on me. I was told there was Highlander characteristics along with nothing said about there being Builder characteristics.”
He clamped his mouth shut as he felt steel on his neck that felt like a sword to him which his eyes saw nothing to show the sword or the owner. 
He frowned as he heard a male voice sounding in his mind in an alien like accent “Keep your mouth shut about us period.”
Jinks heard the electronic voice speak “Well then explain your deathless state.” 
He felt the sword on his neck become pushier as he spoke “Perhaps I’m blessed to be like a living God for back then before my near decade coma I was considered a Human like God.”
He clamped his mouth shut as he felt the sword stopped being that pushy followed by smoke blowing into the room from the ceiling and felt the sword off his neck and glimpsed a light show on his left which he spotted a door slamming shut. 
He felt the smoke ceased its actions as the electronic voice spoke “Care to explain our visitor having his weapon at your neck?” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that shrugged as the voice spoke again “The visitor was detected in the room by motion sonar sensors coming from the bathroom doorway with a male form having a barrel shaped head putting his weapon a sword on your neck which you seem to detect him by your eye movements. Care to explain him?”
He frowned as nothing came to his mind but the description seemed familiar which he spoke “I don’t know much about him.” 
Jinks jerked as he felt an electrical charge hitting him from the restraints giving him pain. He eyed the restraints around his left wrist to see wires jutting from part of it attached to the bed. 
He heard the voice speak “What you said was a lie hence the devices zapping you. So tell us the truth. Who is the visitor?”
Jinks spoke feeling himself confused as still nothing came to his mind identifying the visitor “I don’t know much on who that visitor is.” 
He again felt the electrical charge followed by the voice speaking “Again told us a lie. Who is the visitor?”
Jinks spoke “I don’t remember meeting anyone matching the visitor’s appearance.” 
He grimaced as he felt the familiar charge followed by the voice speaking “That was a lie. Now tell us who is the visitor.” 
He mentally thought “Father I can’t remember who the visitor is despite them saying I do remember. What’s going on with that?”
He heard nothing from Lance continued to think pleading mentally “Father, answer me! Help me with this!”
Jinks heard silence from Lance as the electronic voice spoke “You do know who that visitor is. Care to share what you know of him?”
He felt himself getting furiously angry, angry at Lance for his silence and angry at the voice accusing him of lying when he didn’t remember who the visitor was despite it not being in his mind. He bowed his head eyes still on the window feeling his anger boiling within him. 
He heard the voice speak “Seems to me that you know something about the visitor that your not sharing which I suggest you shared the information.” 
Jinks felt his rage take control followed by a rage episode putting him out to come to finding himself lying in bed wearing restraints but the syringes and pole bags were gone. He frowned feeling himself in a calm mood forced himself to sit up and eyed the window with shock running through him widening his eyes to see it appeared to have cracks on it that wasn’t enough to break the glass he assumed it was. 
He felt himself confused wondering what he did while having a rage episode as he heard the familiar voice speaking “Well so nice of you to join us, Jinks.” 
He frowned eying the window with confusion running through him. He felt something like metal attached to his chest on his skin over his heart on his left side which he looked down struggling to see it through the hospital gown. He saw an outline of the device he assumed that had an antenna from the outline poking through his hospital gown. 
Frowning he heard the voice speak “I see that your confused on what happened to you.” 
Jinks looked up to nod his head and eyed the window which he heard the voice speak again “Take a look on your left at the monitor.” 
He looked on his left to see a meter away on the wall was a flat screen TV monitor that flashed showing the window’s eye sight view of himself flaring golden eyes of a Builder with an angry look on his face followed by yanking off the restraints off his wrists and ankles. He frowned seeing himself getting up from the bed pulling the pole bags to the floor as he charged towards the window and fisting it with his fists repeatedly which formed cracks in it. He continued to watch with distaste running through him as the camera view focused on his face showing his eyes golden like a Builder while having an angry look on it as he pounded on the window. This was followed by smoke coming into view covering the eyes sight followed by the camera switching off as the TV monitor went blank.  

Jinks turned his attention towards the window as the voice spoke “Well care to explain your behavior?”
He spoke “It’s called a rage episode. Whenever I have one I go unconscious mentally and don’t remember what I did after it runs its course.” 
He frowned as the voice spoke “Your tone suggests there’s something else related to it.” 
He spoke with annoyance in his tone “I’ve been reminded from time to time that the only way to stop me from acting out a rage episode is having someone hug me which stops it and I’m in a calm mood mentally returning to conscious.” 
Jinks frowned hearing nothing from the voice or from Lance eyed the window feeling himself getting irritated and tensed up. He mentally willed himself to calm breathing deeply through his nose recalling his mediation techniques as the tensed feeling left him but the irritation remained. 
Jinks spoke “By the way you never said anything about whom you are and why you’re doing this to me.” 
He heard silence from the voice continued to talk with irritation running through him “Oh come on and show yourself! Stop being a coward hiding behind there! I demand to know what the depths you are doing to me!”
He again heard silence growled some angry sound as he felt himself getting annoyed eyed the window. 
He mentally spoke “Lance what’s going on with those people doing this to me? Who are they?”
He heard nothing from Lance making him further annoyed as he again mentally spoke “Stop ignoring me father! I demand answers and I want it now!”
Jinks heard silence from Lance again eyed the window feeling that there was something sinister going on hence they doing their torture to him. He heard nothing from the voice willed himself to calm as he glared at the window with narrowed eyes. He saw the door slid open followed by a female with Highlander ears and her face covered came into the room that went up to him and held up a syringe. He stared at her as she injected the syringe’s contents into his left arm then stepped back to stare at him. Jinks felt himself getting sleepy and sleepier which he yawned hard and laid his form back blinking his eyes staring at the female till the sleepiness became stronger and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm sound jerked open his eyes with a start to find himself back in the White House in his familiar bedroom. He frowned as he rolled over and eyed the clock seeing the time was eight o’clock in the morning. Groaning he rubbed a hand on his forehead then again eyed the clock seeing a note taped to it. He reached over with a hand and grabbed the note unfolding the paper to read it detailed that he was still in the King’s service but given the job of protecting the King and family when they were in the house from visitors touring it along with going to the Secret Dungeon for briefing. Sighing he crumbled up the note and tossed it on top of the dresser then got up going into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar clothes with his hair brushed. He sighed and went to the door yanking it open and walked out. He took a route to the kitchen where he sat down at the table and waited as the female cook placed a plate full of food in front of him along with silverware. He waited patiently as she got him something to drink white liquid in a cup set down in front of him. Jinks found himself ravenously hungry gobbled up the food under the watchful eye of the cook, leaving no bites left. He gulped down the drink sensing it was milk and then got up pausing to stare at the cook who frowned meeting his eyes. 
Jinks spoke “Thanks for the food.” 
He saw her face brighten with happiness on it followed by her speaking “Name is Serita.”
He spoke “Jinks.” 
He saw Serita nod her head as he sighed and left the kitchen taking a route to the Secret Dungeon. On the way he met Gold walking towards him who blocked his way. 
He frowned as Gold spoke “Come with me.” 
Jinks obeyed without a complaint following Gold to the Oval office and heard the General speak “Ari, scanners up now.” 
He frowned as Gold went to the desk to stand with eyes aimed at the door and figured to himself that there was a meeting with the King hence they both in the Oval office. He went to stand next to Gold and folded his arms eyes on the door watching as some of the members of the King’s advisor staff entered the room to stand waiting. Jinks waited as the King entered the room with the guards shutting the door behind him and then watched as Kennidis went to the desk to sit. 
The King spoke “Report.” 
Jinks listened as Gold spoke “Everything is in tip top shape. Nothing is serious going on.”
Jinks frowned as the King nodded his head and then spoke “My schedule for today?”
He listened as one of the advisors spoke “You have a tour at 9am today happening soon.” 
Jinks bowed his head and heard the King groan before speaking “Cancel it.” 
He frowned as the advisor spoke “I can’t. The tour was scheduled through some foundation for kids with medical illnesses who requested the tour including meeting you and others here.” 
He heard the King groan loudly before speaking “Alright I’ll do it. How many kids are coming anyway?”
Jinks heard “About six kids and one adult escort.” 
He raised his head to stare at the King who spoke “Fine I’ll go meet them at the front entrance.”
He eyed the King who got up and felt Gold tap him on the shoulder which he figured it meant he was to follow Kennidis which he obeyed tagging along after the Builder. He followed the King to the front entrance where he saw Henny standing there with arms folded a glare on her face. He saw her turn to follow the King out with him taking the rear. Once outside he stood a distance away from the King as Henny stood nearby. He frowned as a van arrived on the driveway which doors opened showing a female wearing sunglasses and some dressy like outfit coming out followed by kids he counted about six in number who scattered running in different directions. He frowned as one of the kids ran up to him to grab him in a hug. He felt a stinging pain in his thigh jerked recognizing it as a syringe needle darted in him as he stared at the kid who stopped hugging him to back up holding a syringe in hand. He eyed Henny to see her crumble to the ground as the King did the same which he felt paralysis hit him made him fall to the ground on his back. He lay on the ground unmoving with his eyes open as the female with sunglasses came into view and bent down which he stiffened as his senses blared warning seeing her. He felt numbness hitting his left arm followed by the female straightening up with a smirk on her lips. 
Jinks eyed her as she spoke in a rude tone “Ramos sends his regards murderer.” 
He stiffened hearing her words as she added in a compelling voice tone “Alright kids back into the van now!”
His senses blared warning as he figured that she was a Builder as she walked out of sight followed by a sound of a vehicle driving away. He eyed the sky as the scene changed to show a low metal ceiling with pipes on it as a familiar face came into view. He saw with recognition within him that the face belonged to the little girl with white Shadonian eyes who placed hands on his forehead which he felt the paralysis gone from him. He blinked his eyes as he felt her remove her hands followed by gripping his left hand which he felt the numbness feeling stop. He jerked as he recalled his last meeting with the little girl flashing in his mind shot out his right hand and gripped the girl on the neck while feeling himself angry. He saw a face come into his eyes sight along with a hand flashing a ball of electricity which he stiffened recognizing the figure as one of the brothers that escorted the little girl. Jinks removed his hand and sat up as he saw behind her were the brothers as one of them with long black hair straightened up his form to stand next to her. He looked around to discover he was in a cell with a whole wall of gated bars on his right with a white wall behind it. He felt a hand grab his hand which he sensed belong to the little girl and felt himself forced up by her strong strength to stand. He didn’t protest as she pulled him to a corner of the room where there was a curtain and yanked it aside to show a bathroom with just a toilet and sink in it. He frowned as the little girl he eyed removed her hand pointing to the toilet then pointed a finger at his sensitive part then gestured to the bathroom with her head while narrowing her eyes. He felt a familiar feeling hitting him realized what the little girl was implying walked forward into the bathroom to hear the curtain swish shut behind him. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom with a sigh to see the brothers were standing gathered near a corner as the little girl seeing he pointed a finger at the gated bars which he looked to see a figure appearing to be a masked Highlander standing behind it with arms folded mouth in a thin line. Jinks wordlessly walked up to the gated bars as the Highlander made a sound sounding like nonsense to him which got part of the gated bars to slide open forming a doorway. 
He eyed the Highlander who spoke in a rude tone “Horus, get out.” 
He obeyed walking through the doorway and again heard the Highlander make that sound followed by clanging noises behind him as he heard three whining squeal sounds and saw three figures appear behind the Highlander he recognized as Anubis and his familiar escort guards. 
He stared at Anubis who spoke in a loud whisper “The High Council has requested your presence in the throne room.” 
He didn’t protest as the Hawk guards with super speed darted forwards grabbing his arms in clawed hand grips and forced him to walk turning to his right following Anubis taking the lead. He eyed his right side to see identical gated barred cells holding figures in them as he was roughly escorted by them. The gated cells ended followed by entering a small room and felt it twist rotating around till it was facing the opposite direction followed by the doors sliding open showing a cylinder white hallway with lights shining above. He was escorted through the hallway that seemed vast in length with whiteness all around till they reached another room where a Highlander stood at a console. He was forced to sit on a padded bench and thrust an eye wear mask into his hands which he put on covering his eyes. He felt the motion of a roller coaster traveling and twisting all over the place till the motion stopped followed by the eye wear mask yanked off his face and thrust up to a standing position. He came out escorted to a familiar hallway as Anubis led him and escorts to a break in the hallway wall to the High Council’s throne room where once inside he was forced to stop. Jinks eyed the High Council sitting behind their manoid speakers with disgust running through him as he felt the claw grips on his arms become ironclad tight. 
He heard Shad speak “So we meet again Horus. I see that you don’t know much by the look on your face.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line as he kept his eyes on the High Council while hearing Onya speaking “I should tell you that the Meritanians admitted to having an interest in you hence they monitoring the situation involving that First One shooting you in the chest twice. They transported you after you were shot twice to one of our medical bays where our surgeons removed the bullets out of you then the plants transported you to some specialized hospital focused on non First One manoid life forms where you were put in some life tube to sleep according to them.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening hearing Onya’s words as she continued speaking “The Meritanians detailed to us that the First One who shot you after knocking you out with a bullet to your chest used the gun weapon to shoot you again then went around seeking your daughter in an attempt to shoot her dead which we’re told that a Builder outwitted him by keeping her away from him.” 
He felt himself getting tensed up as Onya stopped talking followed by Shad speaking “Well the whole time you were asleep was spent cleaning up the damage the Meritanians caused with their playing jokes which for some unexplained reason they stopped doing it despite being very amused with their actions and have refused to admit the reason why they stopped.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly as Shad paused then continued to speak “Any attempts to coax the Meritanians to talk about their time playing jokes or why they stopped abruptly have result in the coaxer being transported to King Winter’s Kingdom and dumped in the ocean till the person stops asking then their transported back to the Home base. I wonder if you had anything to do with their attitude.”
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice sounding annoyed in his mind “If you keep on talking to Horus without bothering to drop the subject of our attitude involving playing jokes and why we stopped abruptly we will dump you in the ocean! I mean it! I don’t want to hear you talking to Horus about it! It’s not something he should know about so quit talking to him about it period!”
He felt the headache left him assumed that Ramses left his mind as there was silence. Jinks eyed Shad and Onya who both bowed their heads followed by motion behind them which he saw the High Council moving their black gloved hands in random gestures while waggling their heads in yes and no gestures. He eyed the High Council who made their gestures seem lengthy followed by stopping then Shad and Onya raised their heads.
Jinks spoke recalling his son Ajax “How’s Ajax doing anyway?”
Jinks heard a whispered growl from Anubis shift his eyes towards the gonoid head warrior who appeared to have his ears flat on his head with cat eyes narrowed boring at him. 
He frowned as Shad spoke “Ah concerned about your son aren’t you Horus?”
He turned his attention towards the High Council as Onya spoke “Ajax is doing fine as far as we’re aware of. He has sired two offspring through a Highlander female who carried twice. The offspring in question are a male named Jank and a female named Jinna. Unsure of why Ajax picked those names but we suspect they have something to do with you and the name you have used when going among First Ones.” 
He frowned hearing Shad’s words as the speaker paused from talking followed by Onya speaking “Now that you’re here we might as well get to the point of this visit.”
He eyed Onya who continued speaking “You are to mate with a Highlander female we have selected for this just to get her carrying with offspring then you can return to where you came from and that’s all your to do.” 
Jinks felt disgust hitting him hearing Onya’s words formed it on his face before speaking “What do you plan to do should I refuse to do it?”
He heard Onya speak “Ah forgot to mention something about that which is you’ll get something in return for the mating.” 
He spoke “Like what?”
Onya spoke “You’ll see it’s a surprise.” 
Jinks gave off a sound of disgust loudly and spoke “I despise surprises from you.” 
Shad spoke “Actually the surprise involves answering some questions we’re aware of you asking.” 
He felt a headache followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Ugh High Council I think you should tell Horus what it is he’s getting in return because I get the feeling from a certain father that he won’t do the mating willingly.” 
He felt the headache leave him as Ramses went silent followed by Shad speaking “Anyway the surprise involves information on the First Ones’ King Kennidis and his reasons for having an interest in you. The surprise includes information on getting people who worship Lance Richard as some deity Lord to do the same to you in an exchange of having them protect you from others repeatedly trying to kill you. Also additional information you’ll be told about relates to identifying the people who tortured you. We’re aware that Lance has told you from the Meritanians telling him that there are people interested in you and others having feuds with each other. We have identified those people and will give you information on who they are along with how to get them to side with you in your feud. This is what you’ll receive once you comply with our request to do the mating.” 
He felt himself still feeling disgusted as he got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks just do what they ask. The information is worth the mating for I know that it’s valuable from hearing the Meritanians telling them everything they kept from you.”
He spoke to the High Council as Lance became silent “Against my better judgment I’ll do the mating despite feeling like it’s not what I had in mind to gain information but I need to know anyway.” 
He frowned as Shad spoke “Anubis, have you and your guards knock him out now.”
He stiffened as he heard from Anubis a whispered “Will do.” 
Jinks eyed Anubis who stepped forwards holding his staff and brought the stick part against his forehead whacking him repeatedly there making him feel woozy followed by sleepiness which persisted as the gonoid head warrior stopped his hitting. He felt the sleepiness take control shut his eyes losing sensation of his body and his surroundings till there was nothing but blackness. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a bed with a blanket covering him up to his chest and his clothes and shoes were gone from him. He felt steel wrapped around his wrists and ankles as he jerked open his eyes to look around the room seeing he was in a circular grey walled room with a round door in the wall. He raised his head to stare at his wrists chained to a bar at the head of the bed as he looked down at his feet to see a metal bar at the foot where his ankles were chained to it. 
Jinks spoke out loud with sarcasm “You couldn’t let me do this willingly?”
He heard nothing but silence sensed himself filmed as if a camera was turned on as his eyes fell on the door which slid open showing blackness followed by a long black haired female Highlander wearing a white dress walking into the room that paused seeing him with widen eyes. Jinks exhaled a breath eying her as she stared at him with a look that appeared to be shock which went away as she shook her head then stripped herself of the dress revealing her naked form which he saw looked identical to a Human female. He kept his eyes on her as she walked forwards towards the bed he was laying on reaching it to yank off the blanket covering him baring his naked form. He saw her pause to stare at his form eyes settling on his sensitive part followed by her straddling him before pausing to stare at him in the eyes with a frown look in them. Jinks kept his mouth shut met her stare mentally willing the Master through him which he saw her eyes widen followed by a glare forming in them. He eyed her as she grabbed his sensitive part with her hands making him gasp loudly from the touch which was followed by feeling himself entering her as she removed her hands. Jinks let the sensations of mating run through him making him daze as she rocked him his sensitive part going in and out of her making him feel pleasure each time he was inside her. With a loud gasp he felt himself spill inside her once fully in her up to the hilt which he shut his eyes raising his head up baring his neck as there was an intense charge of pleasure running through him while sensing her shaking. Jinks sighed as the feeling lowered its ebb and shivered as the Highlander removed him out of her followed by getting off of him and he felt the blanket put back on covering him up to his chest. He sighed again to open his eyes to stare at the Highlander as she went to her dress picking it up and walked out of the room with the door sliding open and closed as she went out. He sensed the filming stopped followed by smoke pouring into the room which he coughed breathing it and felt sleepiness hitting him that made him shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling licking on his face from a smooth large tongue while wearing his familiar clothes and shoes on his form with the Master he sensed roaring in the back of his mind and not in control. He jerked his head away from the tongue only to hear sounds of a dog barking loudly in his ear which he opened his eyes wide. He saw with night vision that he was lying underneath dangling tree limbs from it towering over him in his eyes sight and again heard the dog barking which he looked at his right to see a dog sitting next to him that looked familiar. 
He heard a loud voice yell “Sasha come here!”
Jinks groaned forcing himself to sit up as the dog he assumed was Sasha the King’s pet kept on barking while sitting next to him. He felt himself exhausted as he again heard the voice sounding male like ordering the dog to come. 
Jinks spoke loudly as the dog ceased her barking “Hello? I could use some help here.” 
He heard Sasha loudly bark again followed by rustling sounds as a male voice spoke “Drat that dog for being stubborn.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes as a flashlight’s light blared in his face which he heard a loud “Oh my! Just stay there while I get someone to help you!”
He heard crashing sounds as the flashlight’s light was off his face as he felt himself too tired to sit up laid his form down groaning loudly. He eyed the dog that kept on barking her noises while still sitting next to him on her haunches. Jinks groaned feeling himself too exhausted to stay awake shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up to hear the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear. He jerked his eyes open to discover he was lying in his familiar bedroom wearing pajama pants and nothing else on his form while covered by a blanket up to his chest. He rolled over and glared at the alarm clock seeing the time blared eight o’clock in the morning as the sunlight shined through the windows with the shades up. Jinks exhaled a breath and sat up feeling himself much better which he got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom dressed in his clothes with shoes on his feet and hair brushed. He sighed and walked to the door opening it to stare at Gladstone who stared back at him with a frown. 
Gladstone spoke “You’re requested to go to the dining room Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Gladstone I know where the dining room is and I should find it with no problems.” 
Jinks saw Gladstone nod his head before walking off which he took a route to the dining room to see the King and family already seated at the table gathered near an end part. 
He frowned as the King spoke seeing him “Come, sit down Jinks.” 
He walked further into the room and sat in a chair next to the King sitting at the head of the table on Kennidis’ left as he saw Vienna and Lynnina sitting next to each other on the Builder’s right. He frowned as Lynnina gave him a wink with a smirk on her face as Vienna he noticed seemed to be frowning while staring at her husband who met her stare. Jinks watched as the King reached over and gripped Vienna’s hand sitting on the table while nodding his head as he noticed his wife still had the frown on her face while staring at her husband. Jinks clasped his hands in front of him as the servants arrived into the room carrying trays full of dishware holding food which were set in front of each person. He felt himself ravenously hungry forced himself with no success to take his time eating the food and drinking down the drink he sensed was strawberry milkshake from the taste as the others ate. Once finished he leaned back against the chair eyes staring at the table hearing silence from the King and family members as they ate. 
He frowned lost in thought thinking to himself “I’ve been had by the High Council forcing me to mate with some Highlander for exchange of information which I wasn’t given, growl.” 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “You’ll be told when the opportunity presents itself.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly and folded his arms as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his right which he looked up to stare at the King looking at him. 
The King spoke “Well several things I think you should know.” 
He gave the King his undivided attention who kept talking “Gold has told me that those kids that knocked us out with darts were under Builder control from cameras recording the scene. Also the female escorting the kids has been identified as a Builder assassin named Margo real name Alida Margonova. We managed through other sources find out who paid her and who her target was.”
Jinks spoke as the King paused “She spoke ‘Ramos sends his regards murderer’ to me along with ordering the kids back into the van.”
He saw that the King wasn’t surprised by the look on Kennidis’ face who spoke “Recorders caught her saying that along with appearing to inject you with a syringe before taking off with the kids in the van. There’s another thing that the cameras recorded was you disappearing in a flash of light along with your homing beacon tracked to another location. You care to explain that?”
Jinks frowned seeing that the King had some awareness look in his eyes as he heard Lance speaking in his mind “The King knows of the Meritanians and their transporting ability. He like the others has been trying to prove that the plants can transport people from place to place.”
He spoke as Lance became silent “The Meritanians transported me to where I could get medical help from the syringe’s contents that felt like poison.”
Jinks paused as the King’s face became a glare with the awareness look still in his eyes and continued speaking “They transported me to the High Council’s home base for medical help not by my own choosing and then dumped me back on the lawn where your dog found me.”
He cut off his talk as he heard a gasp sound from Vienna as the King he saw looked at her then looked at him before speaking “Interesting. I think you should know that the assassin was paid by someone named identified as Beer Hettinger.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as the King kept talking “Also that Ramos she was referring to was identified as Montoya Ramos said to be the younger brother of Jones Ramos the one you killed while under Builder influence.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the King continued talking “After the incident involving the car blow up and you seemingly having a non Human ability I had Gold use his resources to do some background checking done on you. He reports that he had to go through sources that were hard to find and seemed very interested in you when you were mentioned. He also told me some interesting things involving Beer Hettinger and Montoya Ramos to explain their attitudes towards you that seems like they have a feud with you. What do you know of that? “
Jinks stared at the King noticing that there was again an awareness look in Kennidis’ eyes which he figured that Builder was aware of what he knew about the feuds. 
He spoke “The Hettinger family is angry at me for ordering the arrest of Kevin Hettinger charging him for bribery which he was given a jail sentence of twenty years only to die in prison killed by a fellow inmate after serving five of those years. They blame me for his death in prison which they claim that the inmate was ordered by me to do the killing. I had nothing to do with Hettinger’s death or anything to do with the inmate that killed him. The inmate in question was in prison for a life sentence for killing three New York City cops and was later executed for killing Hettinger.”
He paused seeing that the King didn’t look surprised hearing his words which his senses blared warning as he added “I’m told that Montoya Ramos blames me for killing his brother Jones instead of accepting that a female Builder used her voice on me to do the deed.” 
He is senses again blared warning as the King still didn’t look surprised to hear his words which made him speak “You’re not surprised to hear me speak this sir.” 
Jinks eyed the King who looked a little shocked to hear his words then Kennidis spoke “I was given a voice recording of you speaking your words on Hettinger and that Gold told me through his sources what about Ramos and his attitude towards you.”
He frowned as the King paused to look at Vienna who was frowning with eyes staring at the table then added “I must confess that Gold admitted to me that the Senators had ordered him to have you knocked out and brought to a secure location where they could interrogate you which I saw a recording of this.”
He stiffened hearing the King’s words as Kennidis continued talking “After the interrogation was done you were brought back to the White House with the Senators instructing the General to do background checking on you starting further than a fifty year time frame. Gold discovered something interesting about you involving a male named Lance Richard.”
Jinks felt himself tensed up hearing his father’s name as the King kept talking “Lance Richard according to Gold’s sources is some deity lord leader of a cult like group called Master Organization which is still active. Gold I should warn you admitted triggering some security defenses when using Ari to do research on you after discovering Lance Richard. He thinks that the Master Organization is getting suspicious due to seeing increased activity near the White House focused on people wearing identical clothing that suggested a cult who have been identified as members of the Master Organization.”
Jinks willed himself to relax as the King again spoke “Ari has reported several security breaches on files involving you traced from somewhere in New York City and as far away as California. Those files were very carefully scanned deeply and copied by hackers which we haven’t identified who they are yet. We suspect that the hackers were members of the Master Organization due to repeated increase in high volume inquiries by people sending requests to tour the White House soon after the breach were discovered.”
Jinks heard Ari’s voice speaking “Obsidian requests Gryphon and Ice to the Oval office.” 
He frown hearing the word Ice as he recalled the word as a password referring to him while in the Master Organization. He eyed the King who kissed Vienna then got up while gesturing towards him to come along. Jinks obeyed following the King to the Oval office where inside he saw Gold standing there with arms folded glaring at a figure sitting in a chair facing the desk. He entered the room and heard the doors shut behind him and watched the King went to the desk to sit down who appeared to widen his eyes seeing the figure sitting in the chair. 
Jinks heard Gold speak “The one you requested is here.”
Jinks saw Gold point a finger towards him as the figure got up from the chair which he saw was a Human male wearing Master Organization clothing while having a golden locket necklace pendant and chain around his neck that had reverence in his eyes seeing him. 
He frowned inwardly as Gold spoke “You care to repeat to the King what you told me.”
Jinks eyed the male that looked at Gold before looking at him and then speaking “We’ve been seeking a vessel answering to the name of Jinks Montreal who disappeared nearly a decade ago. There were rumors saying that he was put in hiding in some sleep to protect him from people who wanted to kill him. We managed to identify the people who want him dead by last names of Ramos and Hettinger who have been watched for any moves they make against the vessel and his family members who are doing very well at the moment.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as the male continued speaking “I admit it was Scotland a Highlander group that monitors the Master Organization that spied on Hettinger and Ramos. Scotland is responsible for putting Hettinger in jail and their in process on bringing down Ramos with solid evidence and witnesses to back up criminal charges against the man if he doesn’t change his attitude towards you.”
He felt relief hit him as the man kept talking “The Master Organization became suspicious that the White House’s computer was scanning files on you very deeply and copying them which we were aware through Scotland that you were in the vicinity area. We had hackers hack the White House’s computer for files on you which were found leaving us thinking that there was something going on. Scotland for some mysterious reason after the hacking alerted us of you being at the White House as a resident there without explaining why. We through Scotland got some confirmed sightings of you through witnesses and recordings which after a debate led us to contact you now.” 
Jinks frowned as the male paused, to blink his eyes discovering the scene changed while feeling a prick of pain of a needle dart in his left arm followed by sleepiness which he fell towards the floor shutting his eyes going unconscious. 

Jinks came to jerking open his eyes to discover himself in a lying position with his clothes and shoes except his underwear were off his form and his wrists had metal around them as was his ankles. He pulled at the metal on his wrists to feel a zapping pain of electricity and discovered that the restraints had a wire around them and were around a metal bar appearing to be part of a headboard while lying in bed. He looked around to discover he was in a studio apartment seeing the kitchen unit in front of him along with two closed doors in the room. He looked on his right to see next to a door was a bulletin board holding newspaper clippings which he stiffened seeing that they were all pictures of himself jumbled together on it. He heard clicking sounds that reminded him of a keyboard sounding on his left which he looked to see a figure with back to him sitting at a desk appearing to be typing from arm movements. Jinks eyed the figure seeing the person was wearing jeans while wearing a hooded sweatshirt with hood covering the head and white sneakers seen on the person’s feet. 
He cleared his throat and opened his mouth to speak when he heard a voice sounding electronic and squeaky speaking “Nice of you to wake up Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks stiffened as the figure swiveled around while still seated in the chair to face him. He exhaled a breath seeing the figure was wearing a blank black face mask covering the face entirely with no details seen and on the chest over the heart was a square boxy device with a wire attached to it going inside the mask. He frowned seeing that the figure appeared to have a male form but his instincts screamed female as he eyed the person. 
He clamped his mouth shut as she he assumed continued speaking “Good that you’re awake. I can proceed with the plans.” 
Jinks frowned as she got up from the desk which he spotted a lap top computer illuminated by a lighted large shaded lamp sitting next to it that was the only light source in the room. He watched her open a desk drawer with a black gloved hand to lift something out which he saw stiffening was a large knife appearing to look very sharp by the handle then got up walking towards the bed after shutting the drawer. He eyed her holding the knife as she reached him grabbed his chin and brought it to his cheek making a large cut which made him groan loudly from the pain. He groaned again as she proceeded to cut his other cheek with the knife then released his chin stepping back to stare at him while still holding the knife. Jinks felt himself bleeding on his cheeks from the cuts as she stared at him which made him feel annoyed. 
He spoke with pain in his voice “What’s your purpose of doing this?”
Jinks heard silence from her as he sensed the bleeding stop followed by the pain easing its ebb as he glared at her with narrowed eyes. 
He heard from her “Hmm interesting reaction.” 
He frowned as she bent down putting a hand on his chest over his right side and then proceeded to use the knife to make a large cut on his chest muscle over his heart which he stiffened from the pain. He saw her straighten up her form removing her hand and the knife and appeared to be staring at him. Jinks bowed his head and eyed the cut on his chest seeing it leak blood then the bleeding stopped forming a red groove mark with blood stains around it. He stared at the cut seeing it remained the way it was without any change to it. He raised his head and stared at her with his eyes still narrowed in a glare as she leaned down and proceeded to make a cut to the right side of his chest then straightened up her form again staring at him. Jinks eyed the cut on his chest to see the same results which made him feel annoyed as he looked up to glare at her mentally willing the Master through. 
He heard from her “Hmm interesting eye change. Probably explains why you’re ageless and deathless. There’s something non Human about you.”
Jinks snarled out “So what? What’s your purpose of doing this torture to me?”
He glared at her who didn’t respond to his question instead walked to the kitchen unit heading towards the sink which he heard water running as she reached it back to him. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself “Who the depths is she and why is she torturing me?”
He got a communication from Lance “She’s Margo the Builder assassin. Hold on a minute Ramses wants to talk to me.” 
He frown eying Margo he assumed who continued to be at the sink with her back to him. 
He heard the sound of water turned off followed by Margo turning around still carrying the knife and eyed her as she went to the desk and opened the drawer putting the knife inside it then closed the drawer to open another one. 
He spoke “I know who you are.” 
Jinks saw Margo’s form jerk followed by her whipping her face towards him which he added “You’re Margo a Builder and an assassin. So spill it, Beer Hettinger paid you to kill me didn’t he?”
He glared at Margo who instead of answering slowly turned around back to him to reach into the open drawer pulling out an object that appeared to be a gun like weapon before slamming the drawer shut. He watched Margo walk up to him still holding the gun weapon he saw on closer inspection was a syringe gun that paused reaching the bed to stare at him.
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks, Margo was originally Tatiana herself before she went insane and caused a serious injury to Barry who’s in a suspended animation sleep at the Zeskaya Hospital.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words who continued talking “Tatiana recovered from her insanity but it changed her enough to become an assassin with no remorse from killing people.” 
He eyed Margo as Lance became silent to see her raise up the gun weapon bending down her form putting a hand on his neck. 
He spoke as she neared the gun towards him “Tatiana.” 
Jinks felt her stiffened from her hand on him followed by her pausing from moving the gun towards him to aim her face at him appearing to be looking at him in the face. 
Jinks spoke “Tell me Tatiana where’s Barry anyway?”
He eyed Margo he figured he’ll call her to feel her hand on his neck clench into a fist in a fast motion followed by moving the gun towards his neck in a fast speed motion which he grimaced feeling a prick of pain of a needle in the area. He formed a grimace on his face as he felt a feeling of numbness hitting him in his neck that told him she injected him with poison from the familiarity of it. Jinks breathed hard through his nose as she removed the gun from his neck while removing her hand and straightening up her form to stare at him as he felt the numbness started spreading through out his body. He felt his breathing becoming labored as the numbness took control within him while keeping his eyes on her feeling the Master going away from him. Jinks felt his breathing become harder and harder as he began gasping for air while feeling his body slowly stop its functions by the poison coursing through its systems. He stared at her as black spots formed in his eyes sight becoming numerous and clouding his sight till they became dominant with blackness forming covering his sight. Jinks sensed himself completely blind as he felt himself losing sensation of his body till there was nothing and felt himself passing out unconscious as he heard a male voice screaming in terror. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a grassy ground wearing clothing that felt familiar to him. He opened his eyes to look around discovering he was in a forest full of trees highlighted by an eerie green glow shining overhead. He got up from the ground looking around and as if drawn began walking among the trees taking a path to a destination he didn’t know where. He came through a break in trees to see a cliff which he walked to and looked down to see a vast forest of white leafed trees far in his eyes sight as he saw the sun shining overhead glowing a green color that made him think it was eerie. Jinks stared at the trees feeling himself confused till the cliff wall he was on suddenly gave away which he twisted his form aiming at the wall clawing for a hand hold as he fell. His right hand felt a grip which he caught and found himself dangling which he reached with his left hand and gripped the wall struggling to pull himself up as he felt a heaviness feeling on one of his feet. Jinks looked down to gasp with shock seeing a winged female with a face that seemed familiar holding onto his left foot with a hand stretched above her. 
He gasped staring at her as she spoke “Come with me.”
Jinks heard the pleading in her voice felt hands grab his wrists pulling at him who he looked up to see Lance with panic on his face yanking him up. He felt the winged being pulling him as Lance yanked him up with no success on budging him. 
He again heard the winged being repeat her words with firmness in the tone as Lance screamed out “No I’m not losing you!”
Jinks felt himself pulled in directions to down and up by both the winged being and Lance. He released his hold on the cliff wall to grab Lance’s wrists with both hands while shaking his foot an attempt to get the winged being to release her hold on it. Jinks felt his grip loosening around Lance’s wrists as the winged being’s pulling became more force full while feeling his father struggle to hold him. 
He widened his eyes to yell “Father!”
He felt himself out of Lance’s grip yanked down towards the being who released her hold on his foot to grab him around his middle. Jinks eyed his father who screamed out cries of his name as saw two large plants appear grabbing Lance and yanking him backwards out of sight. He felt the winged being tighten her hold around him as he sensed she was gently floating them down seeing the trees become nearer and nearer. Jinks eyed the trees with distaste running through him as he reached the leaves and felt the being released her hold around him followed by the sensation of falling through them into blackness to hear a faint humming sound. Jinks frowned as he heard the humming sound become louder sounding like machinery to feel himself lying on a bed with hands touching something smooth and curved. He felt himself wearing clothes that consisted of smooth pants and a tank top on his form as he felt a vibration of the bed jerking forwards in smooth motion followed by hearing a loud beep sound. His left hand felt the smoothness rise and was gone with air blowing at him that became more blowing as his right hand felt the smoothness lower itself and left him. Jinks felt a prick pain in his neck feeling like a needle injected in the area which made him cough violently a spasm before jerking open his eyes seeing them blurry as the needle removed itself. Jinks saw movement at his left which his blurry eyes focused on the movement becoming clearer and clearer as the blurriness left him. Jinks saw with shock to see Alexei Zesky appearing to look angry standing next to the bed with a male appearing to look familiar both dressed alike which took him a moment to recognize as Barry who had a look of anger on his face. Jinks frowned as sat up helped by Alexei putting hands on him to stare at the men with questioning look on his face. 
Barry spoke “It appears it’ll take a lot more than being poisoned to kill him.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Alexei spoke “I admit that my species the Zeskaya are not easily poisoned to death for it’ll only knock us out unconscious very deeply to make us appear dead.”
He turned his head to stare at Alexei feeling the man’s hands off of him with shock running through him. 
Jinks heard Barry speaking “That explains what happened to me when Tatiana or should I say Margo poisoned me harrumph.”
He turned his head towards Barry who added “I intend to make Hettinger pay for poisoning her enough to make her become what she is now, an assassin serving his whims.”
He stiffened hearing Hettinger’s name as Alexei spoke “So do I. Him having you and Jinks poisoned as a sick attempt to kill the both of you have made me declare war. I intend to see Hettinger and his assassin Margo dead period for I don’t give a damn if you agree to this or not, Barry.” 
Jinks lowered his head to stare at his lap and he felt hands grab him yanking him off the bed which he didn’t protest to stand next to Alexei. 
He heard Barry speak “Oh I agree with your declaration of war, Alexei. I should have killed Tatiana when I had the opportunity to do it instead of listening to her repeated begging to live. That was a sick attempt to keep me from killing her which she wound up sticking me with a dart in the back moment I turned my back to her.”
Jinks spoke finding his voice “How long was I out being poisoned?”
Jinks stared at Alexei who turned his attention from Barry to him with still with an angry look on his face. 
Alexei spoke “Two weeks. It took about a day to find you with the Meritanians’ help and three days of convincing Ramos to give us your body which he agreed to that through payment of a million dollars. Luckily you’re a billionaire which the funds were easily obtained. Then we tested you to discover that your body was reacting to the poison by expelling it through wherever it could which took twenty four hours then I had to put you in suspended animation sleep tube dubbed S.A.S. to hide you from Hettinger’s people stopping by to check on you. This took about three days of their repeated visits to convince them to stop coming and visiting which after awhile of them not coming I figured I could wake you up now.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke recalling Lance telling him of the King and others trying to prove of the Meritanians’ transporting ability “There are others such as the King trying to prove that the Meritanians have an ability to transport people from place to place. They were able to prove it from tracking me transported from one location to another location which Margo took advantage of and got me to a location to kill me.” 
He felt a headache and heard a familiar voice sounding like Ramses speaking in his mind “He isn’t kidding on that. That Builder assassin used her voice to make me transport him dubbed Horus by the High Council to another location. We had to do a great deal of convincing to the King a Builder himself to use his voice to order us to not transport Builders despite them using their voices on us. This order is still standing for now but we’ll let you know when it stops so you can order us again.” 
Jinks felt the headache stop as Ramses went silent. 
He exhaled a breath as he heard Alexei speak “Just what we need Builder assassins using the Meritanians to escape from deadly situations including preventing themselves getting caught by the law growl.” 
He heard the sarcasm in Alexei’s tone frowned to stare at him as Barry spoke “Ugh Jinks needs a change of clothes and something to eat along with a shower if he feels the need.” 
He heard a harrumph from Alexei followed by “Come with me.” 
Jinks looked at Alexei who walked down the hallway which he followed wordlessly with Barry taking up the rear his cane thumping behind. Jinks kept his eyes on Alexei’s back who reached a door which slid open showing stairs going up in a circular pattern. He didn’t comment as he walked out of the room and walked up the stairs following Alexei while hearing the door slid shut behind as he heard Barry’s cane banging on the metal stairs behind him. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut thinking “Father I’m alive and well.” 
He sighed as he got a communication from Lance “Your poisoning freaked me out! At least you’re safe for now my son for I’m relieved.” 
He sighed again hearing Lance refer him as his son feeling himself happy hearing that as he followed Alexei up the stairs in silence. Jinks heard a loud ringing noise sounding like a cell phone and saw Alexei pause to stand sideways towards him while pulling out a cell phone like device from his jacket pocket unfolding it and putting it to his ear. 
He heard Alexei speak in an angry tone “What the depths do you want now?”
He stared at Alexei seeing ranges of emotions on the man’s face before speaking “Tell Montoya Ramos to forget seeing Mr. Montreal period for he’s not seeing him.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the name Montoya Ramos as Alexei pause to give off a growling sound before speaking “Don’t you dare use your voice on me you stinking Builder!”
This was followed by pause then Alexei he saw removed the phone from his ear folding it and stuffing it away in his jacket pocket. 
He heard Barry behind him speak “what was that about?”
Alexei spoke “Montoya Ramos is here demanding to see Jinks which he’s threatening to use a Builder to influence me to see him.”
Jinks gave off a growl sound hearing that as Barry spoke “I can handle the Builder for their voice influence won’t work on me for I’ll see to this.” 
He stared at Alexei who spoke “Come on let me get Jinks to a room to attend to himself and I’ll take you Ramos, Barry.” 
He heard nothing from Barry as Alexei turned and started walking up the stairs which he followed while hearing Barry’s cane behind him banging on the stairs sensing the Builder was following behind. Jinks kept his mouth shut as they passed by several doors with numbers and letters on them then reached a set of double doors which Alexei walked pushing them open with him following. He saw a brown hallway with pictures on the walls and Humans wearing army combat gear holding guns in their hands standing near doors that straighten up their forms eyes seeing Alexei walking pass them. 
He exhaled a breath as Alexei stopped at an open door and spoke “In you go, Jinks. You’ll find what you need in there. I’ll be sure to send someone to bring food to you which I think you need it.” 
He nodded his head and walked inside pushing the door wider to hear Alexei speaking behind “Come on Barry. Let’s go handle that Builder and Ramos.” 
Jinks shut the door behind him to hear a meow which he looked at the bed to spot a brown and white splotched cat sitting on it with a worried look in its eyes. He sighed and looked around the room seeing it reminded him of a hotel room and spotted a doorway which he figured was the bathroom. He went to the dresser next to the bed and yanked open drawers finding clothes inside which he pulled out socks, underwear shorts, a sweatshirt top and sweatpants. He proceeded to carry them to the doorway going inside to see it was a bathroom which he placed the clothes on the sink counter which he eyed the mirror went to it to peer into it staring at his face. He saw the cut wounds on his cheeks were gone as if they weren’t there in the first place. He pulled at his top and looked down at his chest seeing that the cuts were also gone there which he brought a hand and rubbed the area feeling nothing amiss in the area. Jinks raised his head and felt a familiar feeling hitting him which he left the mirror.

Jinks walked out of the bathroom hair damp from showering while wearing the socks, underwear and sweats on his form. He went to the bed examining it while pulling part of it up for him to sit on it leaning back. Jinks got on the bed and sat leaning his back on the upper part of it and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of being at the beach facing Lance who looked happy to see him by the expression on his face and grabbing him in a hug. Jinks sighed feeling Lance hugging him in a tight grip followed by releasing his hold on him to step back looking him up and down. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “It’s good seeing you alive and safe for now, Jinks. I’m relieved. That poisoning did freak me out so bad that I was crying tears from that.” 
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking “High Council, Horus is out of frozen sleep at the moment.”
Jinks looked at Ramses seeing the Meritanian had his head bowed as he kept talking “Alexei Zesky which I detect that you know who he is has declared war on the Builder assassin and the First One named Hettinger that ordered her to kill Horus and another through poisoning which they both survived.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Yes we’re under orders by a Builder to keep us from transporting Builders despite them using their voices on us. Their aware that we can transport people hence that order done on us. That’s a safety precaution in case one of them orders us to transport them to the Home Base to cause sabotage and death to you and who else living there something we wish to avoid.”
Jinks felt a hand on his left cheek forcing his face away from looking at Ramses which he looked to see Lance looking at him with a frown on his face. 
He stared at Lance with a questioning look on his face as his father spoke “Barry is a hybrid of Builder, Zeskaya and some other unknown species that has the Darkness power ability within him. He has knowledge of your abilities that you know of and he even knows of some abilities you haven’t discovered yet which I’m aware of them and hope he’ll inform you of that.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued speaking “Some of those abilities involve being the Lord of the Underworld ruler of the Earth and gonoids. So remember that’s what you are besides being Horus in Osiris’s body.”  
He nodded his head towards Lance who forced his eyes shut and he woke up feeling purring on his chest and stomach areas which he jerked open his eyes to stare at the cat tummy sitting on him with a frown look in its eyes. He sighed and brought a hand to the cat’s back and rubbed its fur feeling himself happy from touching it which he felt the cat stand up arching its back underneath his hand and then walked off out of his hand’s touch. He sighed to eye the cat that went to his foot and sat on its haunches washing its ear from a paw while licking it while pausing to give out a loud meow sound sounding irritated to him. 
Jinks heard Lance yell in his mind “Will the Darkness now!”
Jinks obeyed to swung his legs off the bed while sitting up to eye the door with a glare seeing it open followed by a familiar man walking inside that paused to form a glare on his face seeing him followed by a short blonde man that flashed golden eyes seeing him.  
He spoke recognizing the glaring man “Commissioner Sarge or should I say Montoya Ramos?”
Jinks saw the man Ramos he assumed, glaring look became more glaring with anger forming on the man’s face as the male spoke with an angry tone “So you survived being poisoned to death which will appear it’ll take a lot more than that to kill you.” 
Jinks spoke feeling himself angry “What will take you to put aside your anger towards me? Do I have to apologize for the killing I did to your brother?”
Jinks glared at Ramos who folded his arms before speaking “Apologize? Tell that apology to my sister in law Maria who was expecting Jones’ son when the killing happened. Too bad a child had to grow up without knowing his father because you killed him.”
He heard from Lance as Ramos paused “Actually Jones handed Maria divorce papers saying adultery due to some test revealed that the baby she was carrying was fathered by his brother Montoya himself. This came out during the court tribunal which is why Ramos is angry at you for it embarrassed him.” 
Jinks spoke as Lance became silent “Oh really? What about the fact that Jones served Maria with divorce papers accusing her of adultery due to that her son she was carrying was fathered by you and not your brother himself?”
Jinks glared at Ramos who unfolded his arms with widen eyes before the man spoke sounding still angry “So you know of that. This came out during the court tribunal by your nosy defense lawyer some Highlander who produced documents and confronted Maria on the witness stand about that. The court tribunal was lenient with sentencing you twenty years instead of giving you the normal sentence of life in prison.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes as Ramos paused to clear his throat and then added “Anyway I think Hettinger should be informed of this situation which I aim to do.” 
Jinks felt himself laughing sarcastically seeing a figure walk to stand behind the Builder next to Ramos as the man again widen his eyes with confusion in them while staring at him. 
He spoke sounding sarcastically “Are you sure of that Ramos? I don’t think you’ll be able to leave the ship alive enough to inform Hettinger of this situation.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw Barry standing behind the Builder who leaned forwards appearing to be whispering in the male’s ear who rolled his eyes and pitched forwards hitting the floor with form still as he saw Ramos eye the man with a frown. Jinks eyed Barry who reached with a hand and tapped Ramos on the shoulder who turned around which he saw the Builder grab the man by the throat with a hand who appeared to struggle in his hand grip violently. Jinks mentally willed the Master through and waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit Ramos seeing the man’s form stop its struggling and went limp while having Barry’s hand on his throat. Jinks saw Barry lean forwards appearing to be whispering in Ramos’ ear words unheard which he looked passed the Builder to see Alexei standing in the doorway with arms folded a glare on his face. He frowned as Barry hauled Ramos out of the room going out of sight pass the doorway before coming back to stand next to Alexei. Jinks willed away the Master and Darkness within him as he frowned as a woman wearing medical scrubs came into the room pushing a cart which he eyed her as she pulled out a tray from the cart and set it on his lap. His nose smelled food which he felt himself ravenous ate everything in dishware on the tray and gulped down the drink discovering it was milk. He once finished held up the tray and watched her take it putting it in the cart. He looked down at the Builder as men came into the room and picked the male up and hauled him out.
Alexei spoke “Take the recorder and leave.” 
He heard the firmness in Alexei’s tone as the woman went to the bed bending down and watched as the cat jumped on her shoulder and then she left the room pushing the cart which Barry slammed the door behind her.  
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Jinks, you’re going to have to go back to jail just to keep yourself safe from Hettinger who can’t do a thing to you when you’re in prison with him.” 
He groaned loudly as Alexei spoke “I agree with Barry, Jinks. Margo can’t do a thing to you if you’re in prison where Hettinger is.”
He groaned again loudly as Alexei nodded and then added “I arranged transport to take you to the prison which will happen soon.” 
Jinks groaned again as Barry gave him a glare which he spoke his time at the prison leaving nothing out. He watched Alexei and Barry’s faces that had glares on them. 
Jinks paused to hear Barry speaking “Interesting.”
He heard Alexei speak “That’s odd of the Tee Dees to obey Ramos. Tee Dees normally don’t obey Humans unless the Human has something they want the most.” 
He frowned as Alexei paused to clear his throat then added “Tee Dees have the ability to change their forms to Human and back to gonoid form which can be stopped if their wearing some kind of restraint.”
Jinks eyed Barry who spoke “Those Tee Dees must be implanted with some restraint or possibly something to give them pain which explains why their serving Ramos.” 
He looked at Alexei who spoke “Interesting, I know of such a restraint that can be implanted in gonoids and cause pain but that’s for zoo animals.”
Barry he heard spoke “The Tee Dees like I said must be implanted with something to prevent them from changing into Human forms and giving them pain. Ramos must be the one holding the switch hence they obeying him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing their words as the men paused from talking. He heard a knock on the door looked at it as Alexei went to it opening it. He saw three police officers walk into the room with glares on their faces as he got up from the bed. Jinks didn’t protest as two of the cops handcuffed his wrists together behind him then forced him out of the room. He kept his mouth shut as he was led out of the hospital to a van sitting in the parking lot outside which he was forced inside and buckled in by one of them putting on a seat belt. Jinks clamped his mouth shut as two cops sat on both sides of him in the van as the third sat in the passenger seat while noticing a fourth cop in the driver’s seat that started up the car with voice commands. He stared out the window in front of him as the car drove through the state and reached the familiar town and took the same route to the prison he recognized as the one he stayed before. Jinks found the same thing happened as before when he was brought to the prison in the first place. He again heard the prisoners’ comments were the same as before in different voices as he was led to a cell and put inside. Jinks stood in the cell with a frown running through him as he went to the window and stared out of it till night fall which he went to the bed and laid his form down on it shutting his eyes. He felt himself tired passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to stare at a familiar man who he recognized as Nose appearing to glare at him. 
He didn’t comment as Nose spoke “The Boss wants you up and around, Jinks.” 
With a sound of disgust he got up and followed Nose out to see Hettinger sitting at a table who glared in his direction when he looked at him. He went to the food processing units and got a tray with dishware on it filled with food which he was blocked by a familiar blonde who like before ordered him to bring the tray to Hettinger. Jinks felt himself annoyed obeyed bringing the tray to Hettinger seeing the man had a smirk on his face which he set the tray down gently then went back to the food units getting another tray of food in dishware in it. He went to a break between tables and sat on the floor crossed legged and ate the food forcing himself to take his time finding himself hungry. He once done brought the tray to the dishwashing unit then stood with arms folded watching the prisoners doing their business in the cafeteria. He frowned as he heard the familiar siren sound went to his cell only to find Nose inside that rudely demanded him out. Jinks ignored Nose to stand in the cell facing the male with arms folded who charge towards him which he brought his leg up and kicked the man in the chest who fell backwards hitting the floor. He heard the cell door behind him shut as went to the door and peered through the window ignoring Nose who he sensed got up growling an angry sound. He saw the familiar Tee Dees come into view as a fist connected with his back which he spun around and blocked Nose’s fisted hand who continued to throw fists at him. He blocked Nose’s punching and kicking using his karate as he heard the cell door open behind him saw the man’s eyes widen who screamed before darting to the wall putting his back on it. Jinks turned around only to feel himself knocked to the floor by Tee Dees who proceeded to suck him by putting mouths on his legs and arms. He felt the same reaction to them sucking on him was the same as before followed by passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up discovering himself lying on a bed alone in a cell with the lights off. He got up eying the toilet and went to it stripping his clothes. He sighed once he was done and adjusted his clothes and washed his hands then wiped them on his jumpsuit. Jinks fell into a perfect split and did his stretching exercises. He proceeded once done to swing himself up and did his karate till he felt himself satisfied with that eyed the window to see it was still night time out. He went to the bed and laid his form down on it shutting his eyes only to jerk them open as a pain came to his heart feeling like knife stabbing as an image of his daughter Victoria age thirteen flashed in his mind. He gasped breathing hard from the pain as it lowered its ebb and then he shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Jinks woke up feeling a fist connect with his stomach which he jerked open his eyes to see a police officer standing over the bed with a glare on his face. 
He stared at the cop who spoke in a sneering voice tone “Get up now.”
Jinks obeyed getting up only to feel his arms grabbed by the cop and forced behind him as steel was put around his wrists locking them together. He didn’t protest as he was led out of the cell by the cop to see two other cops were there which he kept his mouth shut as they took him to a familiar route in the prison to the Commissioner’s office. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he was brought inside the office to see Ramos sitting at the desk with a smirk on his face. He frowned as he was forced to sit down in a chair which he eyed Ramos with distaste running through him. Jinks watched as Ramos leaned sideways with both hands in front of him and appeared to be lifting something which he saw revealed a large jar full of watery like liquid holding a head inside. 
He frowned as Ramos set the jug on the desk then spoke in a sneering voice tone “Take a look, Jinks.”
Jinks frowned further as he looked a the head to see it belonged to a female with brown hair and blue eyes with a familiar face that made him stiffen with shock recognizing her as his daughter Victoria. He dropped open his mouth recalling himself feeling pain in his chest along with an image of her flashing in his mind to realize that was when she was killed. 
He closed his mouth as Ramos spoke with a smirk in his voice “This was courtesy of Margo. I believe you know the assassin and who that head in there belongs.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Margo’s name as Ramos continued “This is Victoria Montreal your daughter I’m told who Margo assassinated last night.”
He felt himself furiously angry as Ramos gave off a laugh and he forced himself up from the chair to scream “You bastard!”
He felt hands on his shoulders gripping them in a tight grip keeping him from darting towards Ramos. 
He struggled against the grips to feel hands grab his arms as Ramos added “Take him to his cell now.” 
Jinks struggled against the grips of the cops as he was lead away heard Ramos speak “Payback’s a bitch murderer.” 
He gave off a roaring sound of anger only to feel metal connect with the back of his head hitting him repeatedly till he felt himself woozy and felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up lying in a cell alone with lights off while on a bed. 
He moaned in a groaning tone “Victoria.”
He felt tears spill from his eyes curled into a ball and cried sounds of anguish till his throat was raw from screaming and his tears stopped. Jinks placed hands on his face and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of the beach facing Lance who had a frown look in his face. Jinks felt himself still upset kneeled and rocked his form weeping while feeling a hand touch his head he saw was from Lance who forced him up to stand. He stared at his father who placed hands on his forehead and chest which he felt himself becoming calm with the tears stopped. 
Jinks sighed as Lance spoke “The assassinating of your daughter was ordered by Hettinger.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Lance kept talking “Barry tried to stop Margo by trying to get himself to Victoria’s location but the High Council interfered getting him to their home base and refused to budge on his pleading to save your daughter’s life.”
Jinks felt himself stiffening further as his father added “Margo I should tell you was recently arrested for murder of other people. She with Hettinger’s influence jumped bail and went to your daughter’s location and killed her then brought back Victoria’s head to Ramos who was told to present it to you.”
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut found himself jerking his eyes open as a fist connected with his face. 
Jinks saw the fist belonged to Nose which he sat up glaring at the man who spoke “The Boss wants you up and about.”
He felt himself angry kept the emotion simmering as he got up and followed Nose out. He went to the food processing units while spying Hettinger eating from a tray which he figured that the man will leave him alone with the food. He got himself a tray and filled the dishware of food then went to sit in a break of tables to eat the food finding himself hungry then once done placed the tray in the dishwashing unit then went back to his sitting spot to kneel with eyes shut head bowed. He felt his mind too cluttered to ghost walk felt his anger get more boiling as he heard the familiar siren sound jerked open his eyes to eye Hettinger going into a cell which he got up and went to a table climbing onto it and sat crossed legged eyes on the forbidden doorway. 
He heard cell doors slam shut as he heard a male voice yell “They can jump, Jinks!”
Jinks frowned eying the forbidden doorway as the Tee Dees came into view heading towards him who he willed the Master through and waved a hand towards Hettinger’s cell door seeing the door open. He eyed the door and the Tee Dees seeing those head towards the door only to see it slam shut once they reached it. 
Jinks felt himself furiously angry as he heard from Lance “Nice try, Jinks. Hettinger’s got a control panel in his cell that controls his door.”
He stood up on the table eyeing the Tee Dees that went towards him in fast motions. He kicked at them as they jumped on the table finding no effort to remove them as they proceeded to put their mouths on his legs which he felt the same results as before knocking him out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of a cliff overlooking a vast moving ocean in his eyes sight. He stood staring at it with anger running through him while folding his arms. He saw a flash of light appear on his left in his eyes sight and looked to see a man wearing a suit that appeared familiar. It took him a moment to recognize Roosevelt Knight was staring at him with a frown on his face. 
Jinks turned to face Roosevelt who spoke “A message from the All Seeing One.”
He frowned as Roosevelt continued “He says you should let him do the work on punishing those that brought pain to you. He also orders you to let go of your anger for its hindering his efforts to carry out his punishment plans.”
Jinks exhaled a breath willed himself to calm feeling his anger leave him as Roosevelt kept talking “He added that the punishment will take time to be carried out so you must be patient. Your suffering from the Tee Dees will end as long as you leave the punishment job to him and stop being angry.”
Jinks sighed as Roosevelt paused to narrow his eyes at him which he frowned as the man continued speaking “He assures you that those who gave you pain will suffer terribly enough to not do that again. He apologizes for having your daughter Victoria die but it was the only way to set his plans in motion which will come to fruition he promises that.” 
He groaned loudly as Roosevelt paused to walk forwards to place a hand on his chest and forehead which he felt himself a pleasant feeling that made him sigh loudly. Jinks exhaled a breath as Roosevelt forced his eyes shut. 

Jinks woke up discovering him lying in a cell alone on a bed with the lights off. He eyed the window to see it was still night time which he got up adjusting his clothes heading towards the toilet. Once done Jinks washed his hands wiping them onto his jumpsuit then fell into a perfect split which he did his stretching exercise finding himself relaxing from it. He got up with a swing up move and proceeded to do his karate feeling himself better from doing the motions. Jinks sighed and went to the bed laying his form sideways on it shutting his eyes sensing himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to feeling the familiar pain on his legs and arms which he sensed mouths belonging to the Tee Dees were again on him. 
He groaned feeling the same result hitting him mentally spoke “Help me please.” 
He felt himself passing out unconscious surrendered to it. 

Jinks woke up feeling a fist connect with his face jerked open his eyes to discover he was in a sitting position restrained to a chair while underneath a spotlight while sensing himself filmed. Jinks looked around to discover that he was in a small room with a door and a black window facing him with the familiar cop that punched him awake was again doing it with a sneer on his face. Jinks exhaled a breath as the cop ceased his punching to step back showing Ramos with a glare on his face with arms folded looking furiously angry. 
Jinks frowned as Ramos spoke with anger in his voice tone “I don’t know how you did it but you somehow got Mathias to kill Hettinger when he was in his cell with him.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that formed confusion on his face as Ramos continued talking “Mathias is Andros Mathias dubbed Nose around here that got into Hettinger’s cell when the sirens went off. From video it appeared they were in an argument talking about you being kept alive instead of being killed off. Mathias wanted the Tee Dees to leave you alone so you could live another day but Hettinger kept insisting that you should die. Mathias as a result got angry and grabbed Hettinger’s head and twisted it killing the man.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as his senses blared warning which confused him.
Ramos paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “Mathias has been charged with Hettinger’s murder. I’m charging you with accessory to murder for your responsible according to the prisoners setting off Mathias to kill Hettinger which I’m assured I have evidence to back this up. You’ll receive a longer sentence in prison which I think additional years will be added along with a possibly of Life in prison with no chance of getting out of it.”
Jinks frowned hearing Ramos’ words as the man paused to give off a laugh. 
He heard from Lance “Ramos doesn’t have evidence to back up the accessory to murder claim which there isn’t any. Also the prisoners will back you up fully dismissing the charges.” 
He again exhaled a breath as Ramos spoke sounding he had a smirk in his voice tone “Knock him out and put him in isolation now.” 
He stiffened as the cop came into view and proceeded to punch him repeatedly on the face which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes finding himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to opening his eyes to stare at a fluorescent ceiling while lying on a bed that felt like a cot which he felt restraints on his form and stiffened as he felt the familiar pain from the Tee Dees came to him hitting his legs which he looked down to spot them having their mouths on him. He felt himself passing out unconscious shut his eyes. 

Jinks jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying in a cell alone with the fluorescent lights off. He sat up rubbing his head and eyed the toilet feeling the familiar feeling again which he went to it getting up from bed. Jinks washed his hands once done to sit down on the floor and did his stretching exercises then proceeded to do his karate. He felt himself satisfied doing the movements went to the bed and laid his form down on it shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came from the depths of sleep feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked his eyes to see a man prisoner leaning over him with a frown on his face. 
He stared at the black haired male who spoke “The Boss wants you up and around.” 
Jinks spoke sounding irritated “I heard that the Boss was killed off. What’s up with that?”
Jinks sat up as the male removed his hand followed by the prisoner speaking “I’m referring to Nose as the Boss.”
Jinks frowned sensing fear in the male’s voice tone got up and followed him out to spot Nose sitting at a table in Hettinger’s seat with a glare on his face. He shrugged and went to the food processing units to get some food and drink. 
Jinks carried the tray only to be blocked by a familiar blonde prisoner who spoke “The Boss wants you to bring the tray to him.”
Jinks eyed Nose that had a sneering look on his face aimed at him whom he recalled Ramos’ words talking about Hettinger and Nose having an argument which resulted in Hettinger’s death as his senses blared warning. He carried the tray to Nose setting it down in front of him then willed the Master through to kick out the chair the man was sitting in knocking him to the floor. He bent down and grabbed Nose by the jumpsuit’s front and lifted the man up dangling his feet. 
He spoke “I’m not amused by your attitude.” 
He dropped Nose who fell in a squat then willed the Master away to go to the food processing units to get some food which he went to a break between tables and sat eating the food and drinking the drink in a fast motion. Once done with the eating and drinking he carried the tray to the dishwashing machine then went to his cell to kneel back to the doorway finding his mind too cluttered to ghost walk. His senses blared warning which he jerked open his eyes as hands grabbed the sides of his head followed by twisting his neck which he felt himself slipping unconscious. 

Jinks woke up hearing Ramos’ voice sounding irritated “I’m not waiting three days for this. I want this done as soon as possible.” 
He felt himself lying on something hard that felt like a table with his wrists handcuffed together in front of him which he opened his eyes to see fluorescent ceiling and sat up to see he was in Ramos’ office with the man sitting at his desk facing a cop. 
Jinks quietly undid the handcuffs as Ramos spoke again appearing to not notice him “Tell that miserable excuse fool that I want this done as soon as possible or I’ll throw him in jail with the Tee Dees period.” 
He willed the Master through and quietly made his way to Ramos as the cop spoke “Anything else sir?”
Jinks reached Ramos to twist the man’s chair in his swivel seat to face him which he saw surprise on the male’s face. 
He spoke putting hands on both arm rest and sticking his face into Ramos’ face “It’ll take a lot more than your tricks to kill me. I’m a god remember that and don’t forget it.” 
He heard a gunshot sound grimaced feeling pain in his back followed by sleepiness felt himself slipping to the floor and shut his eyes as he fell unconscious. 

Jinks came to sensing the Darkness and Master away from him but in the back of his mind from the noises and feelings. He felt himself in a sitting position back leaning against the wall that felt suspiciously like metal as he sensed a small body on his form sideways on him with stillness felt. He felt no pain in his back and sensed himself healed from the gunshot wound as he jerked opened his eyes to see he was in a cell of the High Council. He looked down to spot the figure was a familiar little girl that healed him last time he met her and that she appeared to be asleep with her form still on him. Jinks looked around the room to spot her four brothers gathered in a corner which one with long black hair pointed a finger at him with eyes narrowing before lowering his hand. He figured what the brother was gesturing indicating to the little girl asleep on top of him and sensed that she was using him as a bed to sleep on. He exhaled a deep breath through his nose as he looked down at the little girl feeling himself fine with her sleeping on top of him. He frowned to eye the little girl seeing that she looked like a child of ten years old wearing a white smock dress with feet bare that made him recall a memory of Victoria same age sick with an illness sleeping on top of him with his arms around her. Jinks sighed to turn his head towards the bars to spot a masked Highlander came walking into view carrying a gun like weapon in his hands that paused from walking to look into the cell before doing a double take look appearing to see him. He eying the Highlander raised a finger and brought it to his lips making a gesture for quiet and pointed the finger at the little girl while giving a short bob with his head. He saw the Highlander’s lips turn into a frown before the Highlander walked off out of sight.
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “High Council, Horus is in one of your cells with the four horsemen and their sister. Sorry can’t do that transporting Horus to you.”
He frowned hearing that as Ramses continued “The sister at the moment is using Horus as a bed to sleep on. I sensed she’s sleeping to get her strength back for more healing jobs. I also sense from her mind that she needs certain amounts of sleep to be at full strength for healing people or her body will revolt putting her unconscious without waking up until she’s back at full strength is when she’ll be awake.”
Jinks heard Ramses pause while still feeling the headache of his mind scanned followed by the Meritanian speaking “ I suggest you provide the sister a bed to sleep on and make sure its comfortable for her to get the amount of sleep she needs for doing healing jobs. Her brothers I should warn you can affect her enough to make her sick if she touches them longer than her toleration level.”
He frowned to look down at the little girl as Ramses continued talking “Oh by the way Horus is awake at the moment. You want me to relay your words to him? He can receive talk from us.” 
He raised his head to lean it back against the wall as Ramses went silent followed by the headache leaving him. He sighed to turn his head towards the bars staring at them with a frown on his face sensing no movement beyond them. He turned his head towards the brothers to eye them seeing them appearing to be staring at each other while jerking their heads and figured that they were mentally communicating talk. He heard whining squeal sounds sounding on his right which he looked to see Anubis and Hawk head guards standing behind the bars as two masked Highlanders came into view dragging an object that he saw was a mattress. He frowned as Anubis gave off a growl followed by part of the bars sliding open like a door and watched as the Highlanders entered the cell dragging the mattress settling it on the floor before running out in fast speeds. He felt the little girl jerk her form sitting up on him followed by getting off of him to stand. 
He heard Anubis speak “Horus, get out.”
Jinks obeyed getting up and walking out of the cell as he heard the bars slam behind him from Anubis’s growl. He eyed Anubis who gave off another growling sound followed by feeling the Hawk head guards putting clawed hands on his arms in tight ironclad grips. He didn’t struggle as he was forced to follow Anubis taking the same route as before to the High Council’s throne room which he saw Barry with cane there looking annoyed to his surprise. Jinks frowned with his eyes focused on Barry’s neck to see a device identical to Anubis’s neck device wrapped around it as his eyes looked at the Builder up and down. He saw devices sticking out of Barry’s sleeves appearing to be wrapped around the Builder’s wrists from the looks of them. 
Jinks frowned as Shad spoke “Good that you’re here, Horus.”
He shifted his eyes towards the High Council as Onya spoke “We have a job for you to do.” 
He heard Barry speak sounding annoyed “Not without payment or he won’t do the job.” 
Jinks shifted his eyes towards Barry he noticed was looking at the High Council from his head aimed at them despite his body in a sideways position.
Jinks frowned as Barry gave off a growling sound and noticed his free left hand curl into a fist while sensing the Builder was getting angry. 
He turned his attention back to the High Council as Shad spoke “Well what sort of payment do you suggest we give Horus, Barry?”
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in Shad’s tone as Barry spoke “You know what the payment is. You’re seeing it in my mind from sensing you scanning me.” 
Jinks saw Shad and Onya bow their heads followed by the High Council behind them moving their gloved hands in random gestures while shaking their heads in Human yes and no gestures in discussion he assumed that appeared to be lengthy from the looks of it. He made his lips into a thin line eyes on the High Council as they halted their hands and heads gestures followed by the speakers raising their heads up. 
Onya spoke “The job we request you to do is seek out a furball, catch that thing and have Erra transport you to a location to drop off the gonoid and then she’ll bring you back here for you to receive payment. What do you say to this?” 
Jinks opened his mouth to speak when he heard Barry speaking sounding annoyed “That furball in question is what the Humans call Tee Dee. Their nourishment is water and they suck it out of manoids’ bodies.” 
He clamped his mouth shut getting annoyed as Barry pause which Shad spoke “Tee Dee? Interesting name considering that gonoid has resisted our efforts to trap that thing and remove it. That includes sucking on our hunters hunting it in an effort to dart that Tee Dee out asleep-” 
He interrupted “Why don’t you have the Meritanians transport the Tee Dee out instead of having manoids doing the job since you’re having too much trouble doing it?”
He narrowed his eyes glaring at the High Council to hear Barry speak “Excellent idea. I agree with him. The Meritanians should do the job since their responsible for putting that Tee Dee in your hands. They should transport the gonoid out with no problems.” 
He heard both speakers speak in unison “Argh!”
Jinks frowned as he heard Barry speak “Well he helped you solve a problem by telling you how to fix it.” 
He formed his lips back into a thin line as Shad spoke “Erra, get that Tee Dee out by transporting it. You heard Barry you transported that thing to here and didn’t bother to remove it which that gonoid is causing us problems trying to get rid of it.”
Jinks heard Erra’s voice sounding irritated in his mind “Fine I’ll transport that thing out. Where would you like me to put it?”
He heard Onya spoke “Anywhere as long the thing isn’t in the Home Base causing havoc.” 
He mentally spoke as an idea came to his mind “Erra, transport that Tee Dee to Montoya Ramos and have it suck him.” 
Jinks heard Barry give off a loud gasp as he heard Erra’s voice speaking “Alright thing’s transported out now and off the Home Base. Anything else you want me to do for you High Council?”
He eyed the High Council as Onya spoke “Nothing at the moment but thank you anyway.” 
He sensed the headache stop telling him that Erra had left his mind which he continued to stare at the High Council as Shad spoke “Interesting idea Horus. Dumping that Tee Dee onto this Human named Montoya Ramos to feed off of him.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Shad’s words as his eyes moved as if drawn towards Barry who appeared to be staring at the floor with some grimace of pain on his face. 
He stared at Barry as he got a communication from Lance speaking “Barry has an ability to see things happening elsewhere in his mind. The High Council saw in his mind the Tee Dee being transported to Montoya Ramos and feeding off of him and figured that you ordered Erra to do that. Their aware of what’s going on with your life at the moment.” 
He frowned as Lance became silent which he heard Onya speak “Nevertheless a problem has been solved. Anybus see that Horus receives the payment for that.” 
Jinks stiffened as he heard Anubis’s growl followed by the gonoid head warrior stepping into his line of sight holding up his staff and brought it down on his forehead whacking him repeatedly. Jinks shook his head from the blows feeling himself getting woozily as he felt sleepiness hit him hard making him close his eyes which he surrendered feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up with a jerk opening his eyes to discover he was lying in something that made him think it was a coffin with his wrists handcuffed together. He raised his hands and with such force pushed the coffin lid up feeling it open showing fluorescent lights shining overhead as he heard a loud gasp sound. Jinks sat up lowering his hands looking around the room to discover he was in a large morgue with multiple coffins and standing nearby was an old bald man wearing an apron over his clothes that appeared to be stained with blood stains on it. Jinks eyed the old man who shook his head before smirk some look that made him nervous. 
He felt distaste as the old man walked forwards towards him while speaking in a laughing tone “Appears I don’t have to do the job seeing that you’re alive.” 
He formed confusion on his face as the old man stopped next to his coffin before continued still laughing “Hah appears it’ll take a lot more than some bullet in the back to kill you, Jinks Montreal.”
Jinks stiffened hearing his name spoken from the old man who added “I can’t believe how desperate Montoya Ramos is trying to have your body cremated from his threats.”
He stiffened further hearing the old man’s words as the male continued speaking “Boy won’t the Table members be furious once they hear of this.”
He felt himself tensed up hearing the old man’s words as it dawned on him that the male was part of the Master Organization. 
He heard the old man continue “This latest incident regarding how you were treated by Montoya Ramos will be enough to cause them to declare war on him, a pity he doesn’t know who he’s going to fight with seeing that he’s just one man alone against a massive army.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes staring at the old man who he saw had reverence in his eyes when the male paused from talking to give off a chuckle sound. He undid the handcuffs by moving his wrists further apart from the restraint’s chain’s limit to feel them snap off of him then with the old man’s help got himself out of the coffin to stand next to him towering over the man who had to look up to meet his eyes. 
Jinks frowned as the man spoke “The name is Max from the Knight group, Master.” 
He nodded his head towards Max feeling himself relieved to see someone from the Master Organization. He stared at Max who held up a hand and pulled out a device from his pants’ front pocket underneath his apron that reminded him of an explosive detonator switch. 
He watched as Max pressed a button on the device and spoke loudly “There it’s done. War has begun.” 
He exhaled a breath as Max pocketed the device before adding “Come along now. Let’s get out of this depressing room to some place cheerful.” 
He wordlessly followed Max to a set of double doors which he discovered a stairwell going up and kept following the man up them to reach another set of double doors which he heard a ringing sound that reminded him of Alexei’s cell phone. Jinks eyed Max who paused from walking to pull out a cell phone from his front pocket on his shirt underneath his apron and unfolded it sticking it next to his ear.
He heard Max speak “Don’t tell me that buffoon Ramos is here with his entourage.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramos’ name as he kept looking at Max who paused, to see a glare on the man’s face before he spoke again “Well tell that buffoon that his victim is still alive and I’m bringing him up now.” 
Jinks saw Max bring the cell phone from his ear folding it in half before stuffing in his pocket on his shirt underneath his apron. He heard a loud harrumph from Max who walked forwards pushing the double doors open which he followed to see a yellow walled hallway with doors in both sides of the walls and at the end he saw three familiar figures along with a fourth that made him feel disgusted. Jinks followed Max towards Ramos and his two cops standing next to a younger man wearing a business suit that pointed a finger towards him while appearing to speak words. Jinks saw Ramos look in his direction with glare on his face become more glaring when he saw him. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Max led him to Ramos which reaching him the old man spoke “Anything else I can do for you seeing that I have to cancel the cremation job?”
Jinks frowned as Ramos snarled in an angry tone “You’ll pay for this stunt Mr. Greenly.” 
He heard Max spoke “Well wait till you get my bill and you’ll regret your words Mr. Ramos.” 
Jinks formed his mouth in a thin line as Ramos spoke pointing a finger at him “Cuff him now!”
He didn’t resist as the cops walked forwards grabbing his arms and with force brought them behind him and he felt steel again on his wrists holding them together behind his back. 
He heard Max speak “Next time Mr. Ramos, make sure the victim is really dead or you’re wasting my time.” 
Jinks eyed Ramos who appeared to be glaring at Max pointed a finger and then spoke “I’ll make sure of that next time. Mark my words Mr. Greenly one way or another I will have that cremation done period.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Max spoke “Aw get out of my sight and take this piece of garbage with you.” 
He stared at Ramos who made a come gesture towards him and then turned around walking which he felt the cops at his sides push him to follow which he obeyed walking behind the man. Jinks blinked his eyes in the sunlight to see a city street while sensing himself filmed as his eyes focused on a grey van parked in the street with tinted windows and felt his senses blare warning. He shifted his attention towards Ramos as he felt hands on his back pushing him from pausing from his walk. He obeyed to see Ramos walk to a blue van that had the word Police blared on its side with light devices on top of it. Jinks paused as Ramos yanked open the van door and pointed a finger at him then towards the van which he got inside without any protest as the cops followed him in. Jinks saw a cop sitting in the driver’s seat that looked at him with a glare on his face but some look in his eyes that made him think it was pity. He sat in the middle of a seat with cops on both sides of him while seeing Ramos get into the van by the passenger seat and order the driver to start driving. Jinks eyed the windows seeing the scenery as the van drove throughout the city then reached the familiar road which he groaned softly recognizing it leading to the prison and saw that he was right on that as the vehicle reached the prison. He felt distaste running through him as the van reached the entrance and he was forced out of the vehicle to stand while having hands on his arms from the cops standing next to him on both sides. He stiffened as he again felt himself filmed sensed the camera above him on the awning. 
He kept his mouth shut as Ramos came out of the van and the man spoke “Alright put him in the Tee Dees’ cell. This should amuse them for awhile.” 
He narrowed his eyes to glare at Ramos and felt a headache as he found himself speaking “You’ll regret this, Ramos.” 
He stiffened hearing the voice he spoke didn’t sound like his voice but sounded familiar as the headache stopped. Jinks eyed Ramos who turned towards him and brought his fist into his face which he jerked his head aside from the blow. 
He heard Ramos speak “That’ll teach you to shut up murderer.” 
Jinks moved his head till his face was aimed at Ramos who added “Move it, put him in the Tee Dees’ cell starting now!”
He felt himself yanked forwards to force walked into the prison and felt the filming by camera continue as the cops took a route to the cafeteria room then reached the forbidden doorway hauling him through it. He saw a short hallway with a metal door at the end and in the middle of the door was a gate which he heard roaring sounds coming from there as he was forced towards it. Jinks felt the headache and without a warning felt himself drag his feet feeling the cops grip his arms tighter till they were hauling him towards the door. He broke the handcuffs snapping them off of him and with karate moves broke the cops’ hand grips on his arms and proceeded to use his martial arts on the cops knocking them onto the floor then ran out of the hallway into the cafeteria room. Jinks jumped onto a table and stood on it eyes on the forbidden doorway as he heard roaring sounds become louder and heard male voices screaming in terror followed by silence. He felt the headache remain hitting him as he kept his eyes on the doorway to see Tee Dees came walking out of it growling noises that made a beeline towards him. 
He heard himself speaking “Vladimir, Anastia, Jordan.” 
Jinks frowned inwardly as he heard himself repeat the names in a chant over and over in a loud tone eyes on the three Tee Dees that halted their walk with widen Human eyes. 
He stared at the Tee Dees who looked at each other which he paused to hear in his mind a female voice speak “Drat he knows our names.” 
He heard from one Tee Dee male speaking “How did he know us anyway?”
Jinks spoke as if compelled “I can hear you.” 
He eyed the Tee Dees that did double take looks while looking at him before hearing Anastia speaking “Oh my! He smells like Him!”
Jinks heard the emphasis on the word Him as he heard a male Tee Dee speak “Blast never thought we would meet him again after he helped us solve a problem.” 
He heard another male voice speak “This is nuts! I can’t believe we’re feeding off of him despite not realizing it.” 
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as another male Tee Dee spoke “I despise finding out about that and being kept from sniffing due to orders of receiving pain.”
Jinks eyed the Tee Dees as Anastia spoke “Let’s get out of here and see what we can do to avoid feeding off of him. I prefer to receive pain than face his wrath.” 
He heard the male Tee Dees echo agreements to Anastia’s words as the gonoids ran off going into the forbidden doorway out of sight. Jinks jumped down from the table to stand next to it feeling himself relieved as his eye focused on the guard behind the gated door that appeared to look glaring. Jinks mentally willed the Darkness through as the gated door the guard was standing behind slid open followed by the guard walking out pulling out his gun and aiming it at him. He stood raising his hands to stare at the guard who fired the gun which he saw the bullet heading towards him in a slow motion brought up his right hand and snapped the item from the air and held it up in front of him. 
Jinks saw confusion appear on the guard’s face as he willed the Master through and spoke “I’m a god remember that and don’t forget it.” 
Jinks saw the guard narrow his eyes as he walked forwards towards the guard in a slow movement while waving a hand to mentally order the gun to jam. Once reaching the male he took the guard’s free hand and placed the bullet in the palm as the gun went off with a sound of jamming from it. Jinks eyed the guard who showed fear looks on his face as he curled the man’s hand around the bullet and then stepped back to glare at the man. Jinks stared at the guard who made a motion of gulping before turning around and running away through the doorway with the gate sliding shut behind him running out of sight.
Jinks eyed the doorway as another guard arrived that pulled out his gun and spoke in a sneering voice tone “Go to your cell now.” 
Jinks stared at the guard who pointed a finger towards a cell door with a free hand and repeated his words. He obeyed walking towards the cell door only to hear a gunshot sound followed by pain in his back that made him fall to the floor feeling himself woozy. Jinks blinked his eyes of the wooziness as he felt himself kicked onto his back facing the guard leaned down and aimed the gun at his heart area touching him on the chest firing it which he found himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing an eerie scream sound that sounded familiar. He jerked open his eyes to discover himself lying on a bed in a cell feeling a weakness feeling within him with the Master and Darkness in the back of his mind from the feel and noises. He saw night vision in his eyes telling him it was night time as he brought a hand to his chest over the heart area and felt no pain but soreness hitting him in the area. He groaned bringing his hand to his forehead and rubbed the area hard then brought his other hand to his face rubbing his cheek. He rubbed his cheeks with both hands and felt soreness all over his body that felt like needle pricks to him. Groaning he rolled over on his left side bending his legs and shut his eyes feeling himself needing sleep. Jinks dreamed of the beach to face Lance who had a frown on his face staring at him. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Jinks, after that cop shot you, you were brought to the place of dead for cremation which Max had cops there arrest Ramos and his escorts. The cop who shot you was charged for attempted murder and conspiracy to murder along with Ramos. Ramos was also charged for the murder of Hettinger who actually shot the man dead in his cell with recorders recording the scene and a cop there as witness.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father spoke “The cop in question who witnessed Hettinger’s murder was working for two organizations such as the Master Organization and this law organization called FBI. He managed to send to the FBI recordings of Hettinger’s murder and your shootings including recordings of Hettinger ordering Margo to kill your daughter with Ramos giving support for the crime via phone call to her.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance paused to bring a hand to his shoulder gently rubbing the area and then his father continued speaking “The FBI according to the Meritanians have been after the Hettinger family for years trying to charge them with numerous crimes including attempt assassinations on you when you ran for offices years ago. The FBI managed to catch Margo with the help of the High Council and charge her for the murder of your daughter which they caught on recording but they were too late to save her.”
Jinks felt himself become sad as Lance stopped talking to place a hand on his forehead and another hand on his chest making him feel calmer. 
Lance spoke “Don’t worry Margo will be executed once she’s found guilty of numerous assassinations in a court of law which the Meritanians tell me that a Builder plans to influence the jury to find her guilty and seek the death penalty. That same Builder I’m told has other Builders working for this person and will see that Margo gets executed period.”
Jinks sighed hearing his father’s words as Lance added “I have to add that Ramos made enemies for killing Hettinger and trying to kill you. One of the enemies is the Master Organization that has declared war on Ramos and will see that he’s found guilty of his crimes and put away in prison. The other enemy I’m assured by the Meritanians is the Hettinger family who the cop working for the FBI sent them a recording of Hettinger’s murder will target Ramos and see that he’s assassinated for the killing. I’m also told by the plants that there’s a third enemy which they have refused to say who it is but indicate that its not the High Council and say quote this enemy views you as someone valuable to be kept alive at all costs.” 
He sighed again as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up with a jerk feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes and rolled over to face a male with short black hair and skin color with facial appearance that made him think the man was biracial. 
He stared at the male who spoke “The Boss wants you up and around, Jinks.” 
He heard the irritation in the male’s voice tone frowned but sat up as the man backed up which he got up from the bed and walked out of the cell to spot Nose sitting at a familiar table eating who looked at his way with a glare. He heard talk in the room become whispering and noticed men appearing to be staring at him with looks that made him think it was scrutiny expressions. He sighed and went to the food processing units followed by the biracial male which he got a tray with dishware and silverware on it and loaded up some food and drink. Jinks carried the tray to a break between tables which he sat crossed legged and ate the food in a fast motion finding himself ravenously hungry. He ate the food leaving nothing left then gulped down the drink leaving nothing left in the cup and got up carrying the tray to the dishwashing machine which he felt himself needing a shower went to the hallway leading to the shower room. Once inside he stripped himself of his clothes and shoes which he stuffed in a locker and noted the number on it to memory then walked in the buff into the shower room. He heard conversations in the room become whispering while feeling himself stared at ignored the sensation and went to a shower faucet turning on the water to heat toleration levels finding himself feeling better from the water washing him. He raised his head shutting his eyes aiming his face into the water’s spray and rubbed his face with his hands then felt a tap on his left shoulder. Jinks felt annoyance hit him lowered his head opening his eyes which he turned around to face a male who brought a fist into his face. Jinks jerked his head from the punch’s blow and shot out his right hand to grab the male by the throat and with his strong strength lifted the man up dangling his feet while narrowing his eyes in a glare. Jinks eyed the male’s eyes seeing them change into golden eyes that reminded him of a gonoid that took him a moment to figure out that the man was an Amula which he tightened his grip on the male’s neck.
Jinks spoke loudly sensing the man gagging from his grip on his neck “Don’t do that again period.” 
Jinks saw man’s eyes change back to Human brown eyes with agreement in them which he lowered the male down slowly then released his hold on the man’s neck. Jinks glared at the man who bent down coughing which he turned around and shut off the water then walked away out of the shower room to see the familiar biracial man standing next to an open locker with arms folded. Jinks’ eye focused on the locker which he figured it was his locker which he went up to it as the biracial man held up cloth in his hands and thrust it towards him.
The man spoke “The Boss wants to see you so put them on now.” 
Jinks took the cloth seeing it was underwear briefs which he put on his form covering his sensitive parts then walked out of the hallway noticing others in the cafeteria staring at him with familiar looks that made him feel annoyed as he walked to the table where Nose sat. He saw folded clothing sitting on the table along with sneakers and figured that they belonged to him as he reached the table. 
He glared at Nose and spoke with annoyance in his tone gesturing to his body clad only in underwear briefs “See anything interesting? I like my clothes back. I’m not an exhibit.” 
Jinks saw Nose lean back in the chair with arms folded before the man spoke “You want to explain how you survived being shot point blank in your heart area which I know will kill a man?”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “I’m not entirely human despite looking like one.” 
He glared at Nose while sensing the other prisoners had gathered behind him in a semi circle eavesdropping on the talk. 
Nose spoke “Interesting anything else you want to add?”
He heard the edge in Nose’s voice tone and figured that the man was hiding something refrained from commenting about it while hearing grumbling sounds from the prisoners behind him to spoke “Alright I admit it. I was told by some Connecticut hospital specializing in non Humans that my non Human side is deathless and ageless along with that it’ll take a lot more than being shot by bullets to take me down permanently.” 
Jinks folded his arms to glare at Nose who’s glare became a frown which the man spoke “Interesting.” 
He again heard the edge in Nose’s voice kept his mouth shut to stare at the man who added “Give him his clothes and shoes now.” 
Jinks saw one of the men lean over the table grabbing the jumpsuit which was tossed to him and he put it on covering his form along with catching the socks thrown at him which he put on. Jinks caught his shoes tossed to him and kneeled on the floor to put them on his sock covered feet then got up to stand sensing that Nose wasn’t finished talking to him. 
He stared at Nose who spoke “You sure your not one of those manoids that change into gonoids called wolf that have taken residence somewhere in the state?”
Jinks sighed recognizing who Nose was talking about referring to the Amula which he spoke “No I’m not one of them despite hearing about them. The hospital when they tested me would have mentioned that but they haven’t so I’m not one of them.” 
He eyed Nose as his senses blared warning from behind him which he heard multiple growling noises that sounded familiar which he recognized the sound as Amula and figured that the prisoners were doing it behind him. 
Jinks folded his arms as he saw Nose’s eyes flared Amula gonoid like as the male spoke with a guttural voice tone “They put a freak of nature among us.” 
He stiffened as his eyes wandered to the other males standing in his eyes sight to see their eyes were flaring Amula gonoid like narrowed in glares aimed at him. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm in his voice tone “Who’s idea was to dump me among you anyway?”
Jinks eyed Nose who’s look became more glaring followed by the man speaking still using a guttural voice tone “That was by Commissioner Sarge who’s one of us actually.” 
He stiffened hearing Nose’s words as Nose kept talking “I heard from that jerk Human Hettinger that you killed one of us and got a lenient sentence of twenty years which you already served about nine of those years in locked up in another prison before being transferred to here.” 
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as Nose paused to lean forwards with arms still folded eyes boring at him before adding “Hettinger figured out what we were confronted Sarge about that who shot him dead just to keep his trap shut.”
He spoke as Nose paused “I told that there’s a recording of the scene which have been sent to Hettinger’s family that will target Sarge for the killing as in assassinating him.” 
He cut himself off as he heard the growling behind him became louder which became silent as Nose raised up a hand. 
He stared at Nose who spoke “Let Hettinger’s family kill Sarge. He has outlived his usefulness anyway with his obsession towards you consuming him.”
Jinks frowned as Nose paused as there was a siren sound blaring in the room. He saw the prisoners scatter going into cells which he went to his cell only to find the familiar biracial man inside that rudely ordered him out while changing form into a snapping grey wolf.  Jinks walked out and stood with arms folded eyes on the forbidden doorway while hearing cell doors slam shut all around him. He heard the familiar roaring noises then silence as the Tee Dees came into view that made a beeline towards him only to halt their charge with widen Human eyes. 
Jinks spoke “You know anything about manoids changing into gonoids called wolf?”
He saw the Tee Dees look at each other followed by Anastia’s voice speaking in his mind “Yeah we know them and don’t like them. Sarge was controlling us by his too loud howling noises hurting our ears and forcing us to feed on people he chose for us to do.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that spoke “What have your senses tell you when you’re feeding on people?”
He heard a male voice sounding in his mind “Sarge forbidden us to sniff the people while indicating that he’ll know of it which he seems to know we’re doing it no matter how we hide it.”
Jinks spoke “You know that Sarge is one of those gonoid changers?”
He heard another male voice sounding in his mind with disgust in the tone “It explains everything about Sarge we’ve been sensing from him. I’m disgusted about that.” 
He stiffened as he heard a loud howling noise echoing in the room that made him grimace from the sound while unfolding his arms. 
He eyed the Tee Dees that shook their heads with pain in their eyes as he heard Anastia’s voice speaking “Let’s get out of here!”
Jinks watched as the Tee Dees darted away going through the forbidden doorway out of sight. He heard the howling stop its noise went to a table and yanked out a chair which he sat down leaning back in it and folded his arms. His eyes focused on the gated door in the wall showing a guard flaring gonoid eyes of an Amula that narrowed in a glare aimed at him followed by the eyes turning to Human looking with the glare remaining. Jinks felt himself tired shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel fists connect with his face and stomach which he jerked open his eyes to discover his wrists handcuffed together in front of him and he heard growling noises sounding Amula like around him. Jinks looked to discover the chair he was sitting in was pulled sideways from the table as a guard with gonoid Amula eyes halted raised fisted hands in front of him. He looked around besides eyeing the guard to notice that the male wasn’t alone for there were two other guards standing nearby with gonoid Amula eyes narrowed in glares at him. 
Jinks frowned as the guard with fists spoke in a sneering voice tone “Freak’s awake. Shall we do what’s planned for him?”
He stiffened as the other guards gave off laughs sounds before one of them spoke “Yeah let’s go do it anyway.” 
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut as the fisted guard gestured with his head towards him as his companions darted forwards grabbing his arms forcing him up from the chair into a standing position. Jinks glared at the fisted hand guard who brought a fist into his cheek which he jerked his head from the blow but remained glaring at the man. 
He heard the guard speak sounding annoyed “He’s not doing it despite me hitting him with everything I got.” 
Jinks heard the guard at his right speak sounding irritated “Just punch him again and aim for his forehead.” 
Jinks quickly brought his foot up as the guard swung his fist at him and kicked the male in the chest who fell backwards landing on his back with a loud groan. 
He heard the guard on his left speak “Put your foot on his feet now.”
Jinks felt pressure on his feet sensed the guards had each put a foot on his feet holding them down as the guard on the floor got up growling sounding angry. Jinks eyed the guard who brought a fist into his face hitting him in the forehead jerking his head back from the blow. Jinks felt rage hit him hard boiling within him as he lowered his head to glare at the guard with narrowed eyes as he growled an angry sound. Jinks saw the guard brings a fist towards him that halted the hand inches from his face with narrowed eyes widening as he felt his rages take control putting him out. 

Jinks came to in a calm mood to find himself lying in bed in a cell with the lights on above him. Jinks saw the familiar biracial male sitting at the foot of the bed near his feet looking at him with a frown in his face. Jinks shifted his eyes to the door to the cell seeing it open and he saw Nose standing in the doorway with arms folded looking annoyed by the look on his face. 
Jinks spoke sounding confused as he eyed Nose “What the depths happened to me? All I remember was that guard punching me.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise coming from the biracial male sitting at the bed which he added “Alright I admit it I get great rages of anger that put me out in some unconscious state and I’m not aware of what I did while having a bout of that. Also I’m told that the rage episodes are some defense move for me to fight for my survival. I should admit being alerted that when I have them the best way to stop me is to hug me which should kill off the rage episode and put me in a calm mood. Shouldn’t you tell me what I did anyway?”
Jinks stared at Nose with a questioning look on his face whose facial expression remained the same with his eyes appearing to look Human like. 
He heard the biracial male spoke “You gave off some roaring noise which got the guards to back away from you with fear sensed from them. This was followed by you snapping off the handcuffs like they were nothing and squatting on the floor while growling gonoid like which your eyes were seen appearing to be golden like a Builder when their angry. The guards for some unexplained reason hightailed out towards the gate hallway while screaming of fear. You proceeded to give chase overtaking them to block their way which they pulled out their guns and pointed it at you. For some reason their guns wouldn’t fire when you charged them forcing them to use the wolf form to defend themselves. A pity they didn’t stand a chance against you for you pounded each wolf on the head hard as they attacked knocking them out forcing their forms to change into human. After that you went to the guard who punched you and proceeded to use your fist on him everywhere repeatedly over and over ignoring the other guards who got up and attacked you with their guns which had no effect on stopping you punching the guard. You blocked them each time they tried to hit you and kept on punching the guard till one of the guards yelled for you to stop which you did getting up and scampering away with hands on the ground like some gonoid and squatted staring at the guards making no move towards them. The guards managed to put away their guns and picked up their comrade who appeared to be in pain from his groaning noises heard and hauled him away to the gated hallway and entered it unstopped by you. After that we came out of our cells and you got up and went into a cell laying your form on the bed and appeared to pass out unconscious and didn’t respond to our attempts to wake you up which the Boss said to let you wake yourself up.”
Jinks frowned hearing the male’s words as the man went silent which he sensed was staring at him as he eyed Nose standing at the doorway facial expression still the same. Jinks wordlessly kept his mouth shut as Nose he saw remained silent.  
He heard from the biracial man “Jinks get up and come out. You could use some food.”
Jinks obeyed getting up as Nose backed up getting out of his way which he went to the food processing units only to hear the familiar siren noises sighed and went to an empty chair to sit eyes on the forbidden doorway. He felt tired shut his eyes only to jerk them open when he felt mouths belonging to the Tee Dees on him. 
He heard Anastia’s voice speaking in his mind “Sorry we’re hungry.” 
Jinks felt the same reaction as before found himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing an eerie scream sound found himself lying alone in a cell with the lights off. He heard rumbles of thunder as the cell lit up from the window and then went back to night vision color. He got up eying the toilet and adjusted his clothes. Jinks washed his hands once done wiping them on his jumpsuit. He felt the filming stop assumed that the power went out as he went to the window to see with night vision no lights shining with day vision hitting him as lightening flashed while hearing rumbles of thunder. He sighed as his eyes looked down to stare at a figure with head up appearing to be looking his way. Jinks focused his eyes on the figure appearing to be a Shadonian male who moved his mouth. 
Jinks heard a male voice sounding in his mind in a compelling tone “Come to me.” 
He heard the voice repeat sounding in his mind in a compelling tone that made him want to meet the Shadonian. Jinks willed the Master through and went to the cell door which he waved a hand and the door slid open noiselessly. He walked out sensing the filming had stopped and no one he sensed watching him as he made his way to the doorway that led to a hallway outside. He went outside to stand in the storm to see the Shadonian standing there that gestured for him to come forwards with a hand. Jinks obeyed walking up the Shadonian he saw had purple skin with long white hair while dressed in robes that reminded him of the High Lord he met in the past. He went to the male who ordered him mentally to kneel. Jinks obeyed to feel the male’s hands on his forehead bringing charges of electricity within him as the figure chanted in foreign language. He felt pain in his chest that made him arch his back as the electrical charge from the male’s hands became intense and refused to let go of him. Jinks rolled his eyes feeling the Darkness willed through within him while having the Master in control. He gasped loudly as lightening flashed and he blinked his eyes to discover himself still kneeling while in his cell panting hard through his mouth with the Darkness and Master within him and not in control from their noises and feelings in him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he stopped panting to sense himself filmed which he got up and went to the window to see the storm was still on going. He looked out the window seeing nothing amiss sighed and felt himself needing to stretch sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises while feeling himself better from it. He got up with a karate swung up move and proceeded to do martial arts till he felt himself weary went to the bed and laid his form on it shutting his eyes. He dreamed of the beach facing Lance who appeared to be staring at him with scrutiny looks. Jinks frowned as his father looked him up and down with the same look on his face before meeting his eyes. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Sorry just checking you over. The Tee Dees fed more than their normal standards when they did that on you.”
He heard the edge in his father’s voice that told him Lance was hiding something which he refrained from commenting about it. 
Lance continued speaking “Hmm Lord of the Underworld is serious business.”
He frown feeling himself confused with his father’s words while again hearing the edge in Lance’s voice tone which he again refrained from commenting about it. 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance kept talking “Well I should tell you that gonoids are friendly with the Lord of the Underworld enough to be servants and helpers with problems arising. That should prove helpful among the Amula while living with them.”
He opened his mouth to speak heard Ramses’ voice speaking his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him which he opened his eyes to stare leaning over him was a familiar blonde looking worried by the expression on his face. 
He frowned as the blonde spoke “The Boss wants you up and around, Jinks.” 
He sighed and got up as the blonde removed his hand which he followed out of the cell to spot Nose sitting at his familiar spot eating from a tray with dishware on it. Jinks exhaled a breath and went to the food processing units which he got some food and drink then went to a break between tables to sit crossed legged. He felt himself ravenously hungry and thirsty gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink till there was nothing left. He got up and carried the tray to the dishwashing machine putting the tray and items on it in it. He sighed and felt himself needing to shower went to the locker room to put away his clothes and shoes which he memorized the number then went into the shower room hearing conversations become whispering while noticing the other men appearing to be scrutiny him. He sighed and went to a shower faucet turning on the water to heat toleration levels and felt himself feeling better from the water spilling down him which he stared at the tile wall. Jinks felt a tap on his shoulder felt irritation formed a glare on his face as he turned around only to feel a fist connect with his chin which he saw the familiar male throw the punch. Jinks shot out his hand grabbing the male by the neck gagging him and stuck his face into the male’s face seeing the man’s eyes widen. He willed the Master through to glare at the male whose eyes became wide with shock running through them followed by recognition that made him a little nervous. 
Jinks spoke using the Master’s voice “Don’t do that again.”
Jinks gave the male a shake that bobbed his head which he released the man’s neck that bent down coughing. He felt his mood for a shower gone turned around and shut off the water then walked out of the shower room to spot his locker open and a familiar blonde standing next to it that held up underwear briefs in his hand. Jinks snatched the underwear from the male and yanked them on then wordlessly followed the man out of the locker room to the table where Nose sat where he spotted his clothes and shoes on the table. He folded his arms forming a glare at Nose while having the Master in control. Jinks eyed Nose who met his eyes followed by his expression appeared to be confusion followed by widen eyes with recognition in them that bothered him. 
Jinks spoke with annoyance using the Master’s voice “I’m not an exhibit and I’m getting a little fed up with doing this.”
He glared at Nose who spoke “Give him his clothes now.”
He didn’t comment as he was tossed the jumpsuit, socks and shoes which he put on his form covering him. He opened his mouth to hear the familiar sound of the siren blaring exhaled a breath watching as prisoners darted into cells which he went to a chair and sat eyes focused on the forbidden doorway. He folded his arms and willed the Master away from him as the Tee Dees came into view making a beeline towards him. 
Jinks heard a male voice speaking sounding in his mind like a Tee Dee voice “Sorry we’re hungry.”
He groaned as the Tee Dees reached him and proceeded to put their mouths on his legs which he felt the familiar stinging pain followed by thirstiness which he shut his eyes finding himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks heard a sound like a phone ringing jerked open his eyes to stare at fluorescent lights shining over head while feeling himself lying on something hard and flat. He felt himself no longer thirsty but irritated brought his hands to his forehead and rubbed the area while hearing a faint voice talking in a male tone. His hands for some reason refused to separate which he eyed them to discover handcuffs on his wrists locking them together. He groaned and lowered his hands forcing himself to sit up and discovered that he was in Ramos’ office with the man sitting at the desk on the phone sideways from him. Jinks stared at Ramos who looked in his direction eyes becoming narrowed then hung up the phone with a slam. He frowned as Ramos swiveled the chair to face him with arms folded. 
Ramos spoke “You want to explain why the Lord of the Underworld allowed a Builder to make him kill a man which I know Builders can’t control him?”
Jinks spoke “It was a stupid mistake and I’m already paying for it.” 
He saw Ramos’ face become more glaring as the man spoke “What price is that?”
He spoke “The loss of my freedom by being in lock up and the loss of my daughter by your assassin.” 
He saw Ramos open his mouth which a door knocking sound was heard who turned towards the door closing his mouth. Jinks eyed the door to see a cop walk inside followed by three men in business suits which one of the men held up a wallet with a badge and ID seen. 
The man spoke “FBI. We’re here for Jinks Montreal.” 
Ramos he stared at spoke “What’s he for?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the federal agents instead of answering Ramos’ question looked his way with their eyes becoming narrowed. 
He frowned as one of the federal agents spoke “Our orders come from a higher up in the government that insisted we remove Jinks Montreal from this prison and transfer him elsewhere without you being aware of the new location.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as the federal agents looked away to stare at Ramos who didn’t answer them. 
He forced himself to get off the table to stand next to it as one of the federal agents spoke “Remove his handcuffs for we have our own.” 
Jinks held up his hands and with force snapped the handcuffs off his wrists which he saw was noticed by the men in the room looking at him. He saw Ramos’ eyes widen before they became narrowed as he noticed identical looks among the others in the room. Jinks walked forwards towards the federal agents as one pulled out a pair of handcuffs and went to him whom he didn’t complain as his arms were thrust behind him and the wrists cuffed together. 
He heard Ramos speak “That new location you won’t tell me about better be another prison. He killed a man I happen to know of and he better pay for it by being locked up.” 
He heard from one of the federal agents “Just don’t worry about it, Mr. Ramos.” 
He frown hearing the sarcasm in the man’s voice tone as he was forced out of the room with the door slamming behind. He kept his mouth shut as the cop led him and the federal agents to the front entrance where he could see a crowd standing outside through the doors. 
He heard one of the federal agents speak “Sunglasses on now.”
Jinks frowned as he was pushed towards the door which slid open followed by cameras flashing at him with news crew holding microphones in their hands aimed at him while chatting out various questions. He kept his mouth shut as he was led through the crowd to a van with tinted windows and forced inside to sit a seat with two agents besides him while hearing the van door shut. He frowned as the van started and then drove away from the crowd out of the parking lot down the road and out of the prison grounds to the town. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly from one federal agent sitting on his left which he stiffened as he felt a prick of pain of a needle dart in his neck on his right side followed by sleepiness. Jinks shook his head blinking his eyes as the sleepiness persisted which he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a familiar sound that sounded like an eerie scream. He jerked open his eyes to stare with night vision above him fluorescent lights that were off while lying on a bed, blanket covering him. He sat up feeling himself filmed and saw facing him off to the right was a door with a square window in it. He saw next to the door was a toilet, a sink above and a mirror above it. Jinks felt an urge got up from the bed heading towards the toilet adjusting his jumpsuit that felt different from the touch. He adjusted his jumpsuit once done and washed his hands finding a towel on a rack attached to the sink which he dried his hands with. He turned around and looked around the cell seeing it was similar to the cell he stayed in at the prison with the Amula. He saw differences such as there was no window and stuck in the wall was a three drawer dresser which he went to. He pulled open the top drawer to see items that he saw were a folded T-shirt, shorts, sandals and another pair of shorts that made him think it was a bathing suit from the looks of it. Jinks shut the drawer and opened the second one to find folded clothing that consisted of thermals of a long sleeve top and pants including thick socks. He shut the drawer and opened the third one to find two folded blankets inside it. Jinks sighed and shut the drawer which he went to stand next to the bed and sat down on the floor doing his stretching limber exercises then swung himself up with a karate move which he proceeded to do karate till he felt himself weary quit to lie his form on the bed and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of the beach to face Lance that appeared to be staring at the Meritanians that had their heads bowed. Jinks cleared his throat as Lance looked at him with annoyance on his face before looking back at the Meritanians with a glare. Jinks felt himself confused with Lance’s attitude towards him turned his attention towards the Meritanians. 
He heard Ramses speaking “High Council, ask Barry about that. He seems more knowledgeable than I.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued speaking “Well there’s some legend among Amula which I detect you know who they are which talks about there being some Lord of the Underworld ruler of the Earth and gonoids.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramses’ words who kept talking “According to the legend the Lord of the Underworld is Human and not Amula and that there are signs said to identify the male. The signs according to the Amula thinking of the legend involve the male changing his eyes from Human like to all night sky colored while speaking in some voice tone that makes them think it’s cruel. There’s another sign that identifies the male by his strong strength of being able to lift up an Amula male by grabbing him with his hands and lifting the Amula up without any effort to dangle their feet then slowly lowering the Amula down on the ground till their feet touch it.”
Jinks again felt himself getting more tensed up as Ramses kept speaking, speaking his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to hearing a sound like an alarm clock jerked open his eyes to see that the fluorescent lights were on and the door open. He sat up with confusion running through him. 
Jinks heard a loud beep sound followed by a male voice speaking amplified sounding like a speaker “All new Hybrids are to go to the cafeteria now.”
He again heard the familiar beep noise as the voice cut itself off. He got up from the bed and walked out of the cell to look around spotting a curved hallway on his left with open doorways and on his right were a set of double swinging doors. He felt himself filmed went to a doorway on his left and peered inside to see it was a cell identical to his cell with the bed unmade appearing to look messy. He frowned as his eyes focused on the wall opposite from the bed to see grooves in it that made him think of claw scratches which made him grimace. Jinks left the cell and went to the double doors walking through them with them slamming behind him. He again felt himself filmed as he saw a large room appearing to be a low ceiling cafeteria with scattered tables and attached benches along with doorways and doors in the wall. His eyes spotted movement looked on his left to see sitting gathered around a table were figures that stared at him with range of emotions on their faces. He saw that they counting eight in number had tan brown skin, golden Human eyes and black hair in range of different hairstyles with various lengths and they appeared to be wearing identical orange jumpsuits like his. Jinks frowned as one of them got up from the table revealing a male form with short black hair and wearing black gloves on his hands walked towards him to halt looking him up and down with golden eyes that became narrowed with suspicion in them. 
Jinks spoke “The name is Jinks and spare me jokes about bad luck.”
He saw the male’s eyes widen with shock in them along with recognition in them before returning to their narrowed eyed look. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke in a guttural voice with a growling tone “The name’s Eric. You must be this Lord of the Underworld, Alexei told me about that was said to stay here with us.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening hearing Eric’s words as the male continued “Anyway let me teach you how to get food from the processing machines if you don’t mind?”
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed Eric to a wall holding a row of machines sitting in front of it. He kept his mouth shut as Eric taught him how to get a tray along with dishware and silverware for food and drink from the machines then pointed out the dishwashing machine to him which he nodded his head towards Eric’s talk. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Eric led him to the table where the others sat which he sat down next to the male with a female on his other side.
He heard Eric speak “Hybrids, this is Jinks the one who Alexei told us about.” 
He heard from the others scattered “Welcome Jinks.” 
Jinks bobbed his head in greeting and listened paying attention as Eric introduced each Hybrid saying their names while pointing a finger at them. This was followed by silently eating the food which he followed their example and ate the food discovering it tasted like a combination of applesauce and oatmeal mixed together. He felt himself terribly hungry forced himself to take his time eating the food with a spoon till there was nothing left in the bowl. He took the drink and slowly sipped it down discovering it tasted like a combination of orange and apple juice mixed together which he found it odd drank it all down. Once done he followed the other Hybrids he assumed he’ll call them to the dishwashing machine and loaded it with dishes and silverware then placed the tray next to the machine in a pile of trays. Jinks stood folding his arms watching the Hybrids scatter around in the room in groups by genders except for Eric who sat alone on a bench with back to the table. He heard his name called from one of the Hybrid females sitting together in a group while seeing them gesture for him to come over. He obeyed walking over to them to sit between two females as gestured by them. 
Jinks frowned as one of the females on his left identified by Eric as Daria spoke in a guttural voice without a growling tone “Something about Eric you should know. He suffers from great rages of anger that come and go without a warning. Those rages make him blind to seeing things all around him as in seeing nothing but whiteness. The only clue to his rages is his eyes changing from golden colored to all black color which is when he has a rage episode. You better not have fear in you when he gets a rage episode because he can detect it by seeing the person as a blue shape movement which makes him attack. It doesn’t matter who you are when he attacks you with fear in you so be careful of him you hear?”
Jinks nodded his head as Daria gave him a glare which he spoke “Anything else I should know of about you and the others?”
He stared at Daria who spoke “We all like Eric have parts of gonoids in us along with gonoid like abilities. You see Eric wearing gloves? He has clawed hands that give off poisonous venom which can bring down a person if he gets his hands to scratch them. Also he’s considered among the Humans who take care of us here to be the leader of us Hybrids.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and heard a roaring sound looked to see the source was Eric standing up from a table with gloved hands on his forehead. 
He frowned as he heard Daria speak whispering “He’s having a rage episode.” 
Jinks willed himself to calm as Eric lowered his hands head jerking around the room which he saw the Hybrid’s eyes were all black and narrowed. Jinks watched as Eric walked forwards jerking his form with hands waving in front of him with expression on his face that made him think it was a combination of concentration and anger. Jinks stared at Eric who appeared judging by his behavior to be blind by his movements with hands still waving. Jinks continued to watch Eric who ceased his movements by shutting his eyes and placing gloved hands over his eyes while shaking his form visibly. Jinks frowned as Eric stopped shaking his form followed by removing his hands which he saw golden eyes in place of all black eyes with a glare on his face before going to a table to sit down on a bench back to it. 
He kept his mouth shut as Daria grabbed his hand and tugged him while speaking “Let me show you the place.”
He allowed himself to be tugged to a standing position and taken to a doorway which he saw a hallway and she led him to a door sliding it open showing outside. He didn’t comment as she brought him outside showing a high fenced large square grassed yard which he felt himself filmed. He frowned as she stopped and hugged him abruptly which he felt himself feeling like hugging her placed hands on her back. 
Jinks heard a loud growling sound stiffened as Daria stiffened followed by a voice speaking with anger in the tone “Get your hands off of her now.” 
He exhaled a breath recognizing the voice as Eric sounding off his left released his hold on Daria who did the same which he looked to see the male Hybrid standing nearby with arms folded an angry look on his face. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Eric spoke again “Daria, get inside now.”
Jinks stood frowning as Daria walked passed Eric going inside the doorway which he stared at the male who’s form faded from view turning invisible which he saw a thin outline in his place. He eyed the outline as his senses blared warning watching as Eric charged towards him in his hidden state which he felt a fist connect with his face making him step back jerking his head to the side. Jinks felt a gloved hand grab his throat followed by lifting his form and throwing it backwards which he fell onto the ground on his back. He eyed the outline again to see it dart away running inside followed by the door slamming shut. He heard rumbles of thunder booming overhead got up kneel his form eyes staring at the ground. 
Jinks heard the rumbles of thunder become louder chanted words as if drawn to say them “I am the Lord of the Underworld ruler of the Earth and gonoids.”
He eyed the doors as he chanted his words while hearing rumbles of thunder become closer and louder. He saw the doors open followed by Daria walking out of them walking towards him with facial expression appearing to show her in a trance which she went to him and kneeled in front of him. Jinks felt rain falling down around him as he cut off his chanting to reach his hands towards Daria who appeared to be still in a trance which he brought his hands to her cheeks and brought his face closer to hers putting his lips on hers kissing her. He sensed Daria kissing him back while feeling her hands touching his chest as the rain fell around them. He heard a roaring noise sounding of anger which he ignored kissing Daria a long kiss then felt her stiffen underneath his hands which he broke off the kiss to stand up pulling her up. He took her hand and tugged her to the door which he opened and brought her inside and once inside felt a fist connect with his face making him step back jerking his head sideways. He heard a familiar growling noise sounding like Eric to him as he saw an outline walking around him out of the corners of his eyes. He saw Daria shook her head which he let go of her hand and saw her dart away down the hallway as he felt a foot connect with the back of his knees making him kneel. Jinks chanted his words as if compelled to hear growling noises sounding from Eric in an annoyed tone which he saw an outline walk into his line of sight. Jinks eyed the outline as he chanted his words to hear Eric give off a loud roaring noise which he saw the male Hybrid’s form stop being in its hidden state appearing in front of him. Jinks saw Eric had hands on his forehead while having his face in a grimace with form shaking. He got up and walked away still chanting his words. 
Jinks heard the familiar beep noise followed by the male voice speaking “All Hybrids are to go to their cells now.” 
He walked out of the hallway to the cafeteria seeing Hybrids darting out of the room through the swinging doors banging behind them as he continued to chant his words sensing Eric behind him. He walked through the cafeteria to the doors and went through them to his cell which inside he stood facing the doorway watching as the door slid shut and heard identical door sounds sounding from the hallway. Jinks cut off his chanting to sigh and felt himself tired got himself on the bed lying on his side and pulled the blanket over his head shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel himself naked while lying on a mattress and sensed a form lying sideways on top of him. He jerked open his eyes to stare at a white ceiling lit by fluorescent lights and looked around discovering himself in an all white room with a grey door and looked down at himself to see the form was a female Hybrid appearing to be asleep. He reached with a hand and rubbed her cheek and heard her gasp loudly as she woke up jerking her head to stare at him. He saw that she was Daria who stared at him with widen eyes before narrowing them with some calculating look in them. Jinks stared at Daria who eyed his body with her eyes and head moving looking him up and down not sparing his sensitive part. He gasped of pleasure as she grabbed his sensitive part with a hand feeling it from her touch movements doing exploring. He sighed as she straddled him showing her naked form appearing to be like a Human female but with feminine muscles shown. He brought his hands to her hips as she brought another hand to his sensitive part exploring him from her touch movements. He felt pleasure from her touching him as he brought his hands to her breasts fondling them while sensing her encouraging him. Jinks sat up as if compelled to which he brought his hands from her breasts to her cheeks and kissed her on the lips a long kiss while sensing her kissing him back. He broke off the kiss to stare at her as he brought his hands to her back. Jinks stared at Daria who guided him inside her which he felt no barriers blocking the way but intense heightened pleasure hitting him. He moved his hands from Daria’s back to her hips gripping her there as she rocked him feeling himself thrusting in and out of her with her hands on his shoulders. Jinks rolled his eyes gasping loudly from intense charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered Daria while hearing her give off sounds of moaning and sensed she feeling the same thing. With a loud gasp he felt himself up to the hilt inside Daria as he spilled himself and jerked from an intense wave of pleasure hitting him while sensing her feeling the same thing from her shaking felt. Jinks sighed shutting his eyes putting his hands on Daria’s back as she wrapped her arms around him while feeling her head lean against his head with form still. He breathed deeply through his nose to sigh again feeling Daria relax from his touch while still inside her. He opened his eyes to stare at the door as he felt Daria release her hold on him which he removed his hands off her back and shivered as he felt himself pulled out of her. He stared at Daria who gently with her hands pushed him down to lie which he obeyed followed by her lying on him on her side hand touching his chest and he felt her form become still as if she fell asleep. He sighed to wrap arms around Daria while staring at the door which slid open showing two figures male and female with skunk streaks in their black hair and tan brown skin dressed in medical scrubs with duffle bags pushing a stretcher into the room which he felt himself confused. He eyed them as the female pointed a finger at him gesturing to Daria as he heard her give off a sharp groan noise followed by labored breathing. He forced himself off the bed with hands lifting Daria up and carried her to the stretcher laying her on it then stepped back staring at her. He stiffened as the medics he assumed pulled out devices from their duffle bags and waved it over Daria which his eyes fell to her abdomen as if drawn. He eyed the area to see it start swelling becoming swollen which he figured to himself that was from a baby growing in her. Jinks frowned as Daria’s abdomen became so swollen with child which he again heard the familiar groaning noise followed by one of the medics bending her legs and putting gloved hands between them. He watched as the male medic pulled out a baby, a boy with light tan skin, a mop of brown hair and golden eyes who wailed a loud sound which he eyed as the medic placed the child on top of Daria’s stomach then straightened her legs. Jinks reached out a hand and touched the baby on the forehead as the child stopped his wailing to become silent as if soothed. He felt a strange feeling hit him as he rubbed the baby on the forehead while sensing the medics waving devices over the child. Jinks sighed recognizing the feeling as pride hitting him which he embraced running through him while staring at his son. He heard a throat clearing noise coming from one of the medics which he removed his hand and stepped back watching as they pushed the stretcher holding Daria and his son on her out of the room. Jinks stood as the door slid shut behind them followed by smoke filling up the room that made him cough loudly which he felt sleepiness went to the bed and laid his form on it shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a fist connect with his face while lying on a mattress wearing underwear shorts covered by a jumpsuit and socks on his feet with shoes felt. He jerked open his eyes as another fist connected with his face to see the hand’s owner was Eric with an angry look on his face leaning over him. 
Jinks spoke as Eric paused to raise a fist “Alright I’m up. You don’t have to punch me awake.”
He sat up and jerked as Eric again brought another fist into his face while growling an angry sound. 
Jinks spoke as Eric again paused with a fist raised towards him “Can’t you just tell me what’s got you angry at me instead of punching me?”
Jinks heard Eric give off a roar that again brought a fist towards his face which he blocked remembering his karate. He again blocked fists aimed at his face using his karate to defend himself and reached out with a foot to kick Eric in the side who straightened up his form. Jinks swung himself up with a karate move and jumped off the bed to stand facing Eric who charged at him with hands in fists. Jinks remembered his karate proceeded to halt Eric’s charge by kicking him in the stomach area repeatedly that bent down with hands on the area. His senses blared warning telling him it was a trick stood with hands up in front of him eyes on Eric who straightened his form his face still having anger on it. Jinks willed himself to calm as Eric again charged at him which he brought a foot onto Eric’s chest pushing him to step his foot back. Jinks lowered his foot to stare at Eric who turned his form invisible which he eyed the outline with narrowed eyes as the outline charged towards him. Jinks brought a foot aimed at Eric’s face kicking him there whose form revealed himself with hands on his forehead and form shaking. Jinks quickly darted past Eric out of the cell into the hallway running to the double doors. He felt a weight hit him from behind knocking him onto the floor which he quickly fell sideways forcing himself to land on his back and with a quick fast move swung himself up to stand as he stood facing Eric getting up from the floor still with an angry look on the male Hybrid’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Stop it Eric. Talk to me tell me what’s got you upset with me. Don’t use fists use words.” 
Jinks eyed Eric who gave up a loud roaring sound and charged towards him which he stepped aside tripping the Hybrid onto the floor. He eyed a cell as if drawn and figured it belonged to Eric as an idea came to his mind which he switch his eyes towards Eric who quickly got up from the floor. Jinks stood watching Eric who yanked off his gloves putting them away in pockets of the jumpsuit then attacked him with hands swiping. Jinks ducked avoiding the hands swiped towards his head and adjusted the positions of himself and Eric till his back was to the cell. He willed the Master through and backed up ducking leading Eric into the cell and once inside saw the Hybrid’s eyes turn all black followed by the male swiping blindly which he quickly darted out of the cell. Jinks waved a hand towards the cell doorway mentally ordering the door to shut which he saw it slide closed followed by a faint humming sound heard. He exhaled a breath willing the Master away feeling himself relieved as he heard a loud roaring sound coming from the cell and heard pounding on the door which he walked away going to the double doors. 
He heard the intercom he assumed it was come on followed by the familiar male voice speaking “All Hybrids are to go to their cells now.” 
Jinks sighed and went to his cell to stand inside as the door slid shut behind him followed by a humming sound. He went to the window to peer out seeing Hybrids going into cells and heard doors sliding shut behind them as he heard a loud roaring noise sounding like Eric’s voice in an angry tone. Jinks frowned as the roaring noise was cut off followed by silence which he kept his eyes peering out the window. Jinks watched as two males in white wearing masks on their faces holding guns walked by followed by two figures a male and a female dressed in paramedic clothes pushing a stretcher bed while holding duffle bags in their hands came by following the men. He frowned as they disappeared out of his eyes sight to hear a sound of a door sliding open gun clicking noises followed by silence. He formed a frown on his lips as the medics came walking by pushing the stretcher bed with Eric he recognized lying on it appearing to be out unconscious while tied up in restraints. He watched as the two men holding guns followed the medics and they went out of sight. Jinks sighed eyes still out the window as the hallway lights dimmed followed by sensing the fluorescent lights above turning off by night vision partly flaring in his eyes sight. He frowned and left the window to sit on the floor and did his stretching limber exercises followed by swinging up and proceeded to do his karate till he felt himself needing to sleep went to the bed laying his form on it head on the pillow and pulling the blanket up to his chest. Jinks shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep and felt himself passing out unconscious. He dreamed of the beach to face Lance appearing to be glaring at the Meritanians who gave him an all black eyed glare before resuming glaring at the plants who had their heads bowed. 
He frowned as he turned his attention towards Ramses who spoke “What you seen in Barry’s mind isn’t a joke for its true. Horus did mate with a female who has gonoid characteristics in her and she birthed a son. Oh the mating was arranged by Highlanders working at the Asylum due to seeing how interested the female was in Horus.”
He stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as he heard a growling sound come from Lance besides him as the Meritanian continued talking “The male in question who Horus was fighting is named Eric who has gonoid characteristics in him. Eric from mind scans is very jealously protective of the others including the female Daria who Horus mated with. Eric doesn’t approve of Daria mating with Horus due to seeing him as a Human and finds that Hybrids what Eric and others refer themselves mating with Humans unacceptable. Eric is very strong in his opinion that Hybrids should mate with other Hybrids like them instead of Humans as insisted by the caretakers whom he is furiously angry that this happened between Daria and Horus.”
Jinks turned to face the Meritanians as Ramses kept talking “The caretakers in question have moved Eric to another location due to seeing how violent he was towards Horus. They plan to put Eric in a life tube for him to live out the rest of his life in it seeing that they don’t have anything to contain him or anything to control his violent ways.” 
Jinks folded his arms narrowing his eyes aimed at Ramses who paused then continued “Eric gets rages of anger called rage episodes that come and go without a warning. He becomes blind when they hit only seeing people who have fear in them as sky colored movements with no details seen which he attacks and it doesn’t matter who that person is. He has the ability to turn himself hidden which he has been using but I sense that people can see an outline of his hidden form and detect him. He also has clawed hands that give off poison called venom whenever he scratches. The poison from scans of people testing him is very lethal enough to kill a person in a matter of moments once it’s in their bodies. He does have a weakness which is water getting anywhere on his skin can act like poison knocking him down enough to kill him unless he’s received milk injected in him which can heal him from that.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused then added “I’m not sure if you can contain Eric due to him having very strong strength to defeat people in fights if their not strong as he is along with that his rage episodes increases his strength very powerfully. I also doubt that the four horsemen can bring him down either. The poison in Eric’s body being produced in him acts as a healing agent self healing him of injuries or sicknesses along with keeping him alive to live longer than normal life spans. I believe that the sicknesses produced by the four horsemen won’t affect him enough to bring him down but there is a weakness that’ll get him to behave.”
Jinks heard Ramses paused which he heard Lance give off a growling sound sounding like annoyance as the plant continued talking “The weakness is another female possibly a Human who Eric’s gonoid senses will recognize as his mate and keep him from hurting her.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses spoke “I’m not kidding on what I said Alexei. Eric will do anything for that female just to keep her alive who I detect this from reading his mind and sensing that he’s aware of her but haven’t identified her yet. His awareness sense of this female is bothering him enough to make him feel frustrated that he can’t go out searching for her due to being in lock up. I sense from Eric’s mind that he thinks she’s a Hybrid like he is which the thing that’s bothering him is his instincts are telling him that she’s Human.”
Jinks eyed Ramses who kept talking “Actually I managed to get a glimpse of the female from Eric’s mind and have already searched for her which I detect she’s in the Zeskaya Hospital. From mind scans I sense she’s asleep in a life tube mind actively dreaming some love time with Eric and yes I heard her name which is Ria but you call her Brianna.” 
He stiffened as he felt Lance’s hand on his forehead forcing his eyes shut as Ramses paused from talking. 

Jinks came to jerking open his eyes finding himself lying in his cell with the lights on and door open. He got up from the bed and walked out going to the double doors where he saw the other Hybrids were already in the cafeteria scattered in groups. Jinks felt himself hungry went to the food processing machines and got a tray with dishware and silverware on it which he filled with food. He carried the tray to a table where he sat down and began eating and drinking the food and drink. He once done carried the tray with dishware and silverware to the dishwashing machine putting the dishes inside and placed the tray on a pile next to the machine. He went to a bench next to the table and sat back to it eyes on the double doors as if drawn. Jinks saw the doors open followed by Eric walking out escorted by a female looking Human with long black hair and wearing an orange jumpsuit on her form. He quickly moved his head till he eyed the female out of the corners of his eyes watching Eric teach her how to get food from the food processing machines along with dishware and silverware for them. Jinks exhaled a breath as Eric looked in his direction with a glare on his face which he got up and figured to himself that he might as well explore the prison. He went to closed doors to hear sounds of electricity humming from them then looked at doorways counting about three of them which he went into one of them to see it led to a hallway with lockers on both walls and a set of double doors at the end which he went to peering inside to see it was a shower room holding ten shower faucets on both sides. He left the hallway and entered the cafeteria going to a doorway near it which he recognized the hallway leading to the sliding door to outside which he went to. He slid open the door to see it was raining very hard outside which he grimaced and shut the door. Jinks walked out of the hallway to the cafeteria entering the third doorway which led to a hallway with double doors at the end. He smelled a familiar smell frowned wondering what it was as he reached the double doors yanking them to walk inside the room. He saw in a large room was in front of him a swimming pool with two diving boards at one end and there were three rows of benches at his left behind a barricade like wall above the pool. He sighed and went to the steps leading to the benches and went to a bench to sit down putting hands on his forehead rubbing the area. He heard the doors bang looked at them to see Eric come out carrying the female limp in his arms. He eyed Eric who carried her to a wall putting her on the floor followed by going to a cupboard in the wall yanking out a syringe from it and injected the contents into the female before kneeling next to her holding her hand. Jinks watched as the female stirred waking up to slap Eric on the face hard with an angry look on her face followed by getting up walking out of the room followed by the male Hybrid. Jinks frowned as he heard the intercom turn on followed by the familiar voice ordering Hybrids to their cells which he got up and walked out of the room to the hallway when he entered the cafeteria. Jinks walked through the cafeteria to enter the hallway holding cells to see Eric storm out of a cell with an angry look on his face which he ignored going into his cell. He heard the cell door slam shut behind him sat on the bed and leaned his back against the wall and heard a slamming sound coming from the door which he eyed to see metal covering the window followed by smoke coming out from a grate next to the toilet that made him cough. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up with a jerk finding himself lying on a bed with form naked bare of clothes and that there was a female form lying sideways on top of him. He brought a hand to her cheek rubbing the area and heard a loud gasp to see the female escorting Eric come into view staring at him with widen eyes. He frowned as she looked him up and down with her head movements followed by staring at him in the eyes. 
Jinks spoke “You got a name?”
He stared at the female who blinked her eyes before speaking in low voice “The name’s Brianna.” 
He stiffened realizing that she was Eric’s mate which he spoke “The name’s Jinks and spare me jokes about bad luck please.” 
He saw agreement in Brianna’s eyes followed by her getting off of him to stand next to the bed arms folded eyes appearing to stare at the floor. 
Jinks sat up and spoke “I saw your reaction towards Eric after you woke up from being injected with something. I even saw Eric come out of a cell appearing to be angry.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Brianna looked at him then resumed staring at the floor which she spoke “We got in an argument in a hallway leading to the pool room about me staring at you and remarking to Eric about you looking pleasant to the eye. He didn’t take it very well yelled at me that I was his and no else’s which I told him off that he doesn’t own me. He during the argument yanked off his gloves and said that he’ll claw you which I put my hands on his arm and told him not to do that which he wound up scratching me on one of my hands trying to get out of my grip. This knocked me out quite a bit but he gave me the antidote to his poison. I wound up slapping him and walking away which he followed me calling my name and cornered me in my cell which I yelled at him to leave telling him that I was angry at him and he left.” 
Jinks frowned as Brianna paused to adjust her arms which he spoke “You still want to mate with me?”
He stared at Brianna who looked up with widen eyes staring at him before shaking her head in a no gesture then lowered her eyes to stare at the floor. 
He got up from the bed and spoke “You can take the bed I’ll take the floor.”
He got no reaction from Brianna who seemed to him be lost in her thoughts which he sighed and went to the door knocking on it. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Would you mind letting us out?”
He frowned as he heard a squealing noise followed by smoke fogging up the room which made him cough followed by sleepiness hitting him which he laid his form on the floor and shut his eyes. 

Jinks came to hearing an alarm clock like sound which he jerked open his eyes discovering he was back in his cell wearing his familiar clothes and shoes on his feet. He saw the lights overhead were on along with the door open which he walked out to hear Brianna’s voice yelling. He went to the sound to reach an open cell door peering inside to see Eric’s form lying on a bed where there were feminine fists hitting Eric’s back seen. 
He heard Brianna’s angry voice yelling “Get off of me you brute.” 
He heard nothing from Eric as Brianna repeated her words with no reaction from Eric. Jinks felt himself getting angry as a rage episode arrived putting him out. 

Jinks came to in a calm mood feel a female form hugging him while hearing crying sounds as he stood in a cell. He stiffened recognizing the voice as Brianna wailing out Eric’s name repeatedly. 
Jinks spoke “Brianna, do you want Eric as yours?”
He heard Brianna’s crying stop by a gasp sound as he forced her off of him which he repeated his question in a louder tone while glaring at her tear stained face. Jinks stiffened sensing a presence behind him which he willed the Master through and again repeated his question. 
He glared at Brianna who stared at him with widen eyes which he spoke again “Answer me now!”
Jinks heard the tone of his voice sounding angry and firm as he glared at Brianna who moved her mouth. 
He heard her whisper “I want Eric.”
He spoke sensing the presence behind him was Eric “Speak louder, Brianna and mean it with your voice.” 
He narrowed his eyes mouth forming a thin line as he stared at Brianna who appeared to gulp before speaking in a shouting tone “I want Eric!”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Brianna burst into tears wailing while having hands covering her eyes which he felt a hand tap him on the shoulder. Jinks turned and looked to see Eric with a frown on his face that widen his eyes staring at him in the eyes before gesturing with his hand towards the doorway. Jinks without a word walked out of the cell to stand in the hallway next to the doorway out of sight. 
He trained his ears to sounds in the cell to hear Brianna’s crying stop followed by Eric’s voice with pleading in the tone speaking “Brianna, I’m sorry.”
Jinks heard nothing from Brianna but Eric’s voice again speaking with pleading in the tone “I’ve lived too long without having someone to share my life with while locked up in this place. You came into my life when I at the time needed someone to share it with. Please Brianna share my life with me as my mate my other half of me.”
He heard silence from Brianna as Eric paused followed by sounds of moaning which he sensed that they were going to mate. He walked to peer into the room seeing Eric and Brianna kneeling on the floor with her kissing him on the neck her hands running all over his bare chest. He saw Eric look in his direction with a look in his eyes as if detecting him watching. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering the door to shut which slid closed blocking his view of Eric and Brianna then walked away willing the Master away from him. He went to the cafeteria to sit on a bench and rubbed his face with his hands then ran them through his hair before resuming his face rubbing. He heard the intercom come on followed by the male voice ordering Hybrids to their cells which he got up and walked out of the cafeteria heading towards his cell. He paused in front of his cell doorway to stare at a cell door which he knew behind it was Eric and Brianna inside the cell. Jinks sighed and walked inside the cell to sit on the bed leaning against the wall which he eyed the doorway seeing the door slid shut followed by a familiar humming sound. He sighed again to turn his eyes away from the cell door towards the wall staring at it letting his thoughts wander till the lights above turned themselves off showing night vision in his eyes sight. Jinks laid his form sideways on the bed and brought the blanket over his head shutting his eyes. 

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of an alarm clock. He rolled over on the bed onto his back pulling the blanket up to his chest and jerked his eyes open before lurching up to sit with widen eyes. He looked around to discover he was in his bedroom in the penthouse and discovered that he was wearing pajama pants and nothing else on his form. Jinks rubbed a hand on his face then lowered his hand before getting up from the bed heading towards the bathroom groaning loudly. 

Jinks walked out fresh from showering, hair brushed and dressed in black clothing consisted of his usual clothes. He went to the bedroom double doors and yanked them open to spot Carrick standing in his familiar spot with a familiar look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Carrick am I still under house arrest?”
He stared at Carrick who spoke “Sort of.” 
He frowned as the butler walked off walking down the hallway before pausing to turn around looking at him with some annoyed expression. Jinks sighed and walked down the hallway which he followed Carrick to the dining room that went into the kitchen and he went to sit down at the table. He sat and waited as Melanie arrived carrying a tray that emanated food smells that made him feel hungry. He watched as she placed the tray down on the table then straightened up her form and gave him a look expecting him to eat the food which he found himself terribly hungry ate everything on the plate and gulped down the orange juice leaving nothing left. Jinks sighed and got up from the table and went to the TV room to stare at the TV seeing it remained the same. 
He heard a throat clearing noise from the doorway looked to see Carrick who spoke “The TV is set for playing recorders only. You’ll find them in the armoire in the corner on your left.” 
He nodded his head as Carrick left the room which he went to the armoire to slide open the doors seeing rows of recorder disks inside. 
He pulled out a disk and saw scrawled on it in handwriting was the word “Wedding.” 
Jinks frowned and put the disk back in its place then began pulling out disks reading the words scrawled on them in handwriting before putting them back. He came upon one scrawled with the word car on it and sighed figuring to himself that he’ll view it. He heard the throat clearing noise sounding which he looked at the doorway to see Carrick standing there. 
Carrick spoke “You have a visitor in the dining room.” 
Jinks went to the coffee table putting the disk on it and then left the TV room going to the dining room which he widen his eyes seeing Barry there sitting in a chair at the table with a frown on the Builder’s face. He wordlessly went to sit down opposite from Barry while noticing that the Builder was still wearing a device around his neck. 
He stared at Barry who met his eyes and then the Builder spoke “Just some things you should know. Do you recall the incident involving the King’s car and you saving the lives of three people?”
He nodded his head as Barry paused before continuing “Anyway that incident was filmed which a recording was sent to news affiliates anonymously. The press had a field day talking about it which forced the King to have a press conference that was broadcasted live to the public. The subject of you being a convicted killer saving the lives of the King, his wife and personal bodyguard was brought up which your identity was revealed by the King himself who was forced to do it. This explains why there was a crowd at the prison you were kept at for they discovered where you were held. Someone I’m not sure who ordered the FBI to get you transferred to another prison insisting that your life was at stake. The prison you were sent to have an ulterior motive taking you in which I’m not sure what it is.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry kept talking “Also one of the press people at the press conference actually a religious fanatic part of the Master Organization brought up a question about pardoning you for your crime to the King. The King didn’t give a straight answer instead said that he’ll have to think about it then walked away which his General took over forced to field questions from the press about pardoning you. The General managed to get the press to stop asking that question by mentioning that the King has to meet with the Senators to discuss whether there’s a law that’ll allow him to pardon you for your crime. After that the General abruptly halted the press conference by walking away after saying a no more questions comment.”
He formed a frown on his face as Barry paused to clear his throat before adding “Your reason for being here in this place is not just house arrest but observation and a place to stay from the public eye while the government higher ups decide on what to do with you.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Barry got up from the table to stand before speaking “Those disks are all recordings of you in the public eye.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and frowned as Barry disappeared with a white light flash show which he figured that the Meritanians transported the Builder elsewhere. Sighing he got up from the table and went to the TV room discovering the disk was where he left it. He eyed the walled in console doors which he went to opening them and stared at the disk player with confusion running through him. Groaning he walked out of the TV room and headed to the kitchen to hear faint laughter sounds coming from there which he went inside banging the doors behind him. He saw the three servants cut off their laughter with happy looks turning to nervousness staring at him. 
Jinks held up the disk and spoke “Do you know how to set the disk player to play this disk? I don’t.” 
He stared at the servants as Carrick spoke with a hint of nervousness in his voice tone “Uh I’ll show you how, Master Jinks.” 
He frowned as Carrick walked forwards which he wordlessly followed out of the kitchen to the TV room which he stood inside next to the wall holding the disk player and watched with attention as Carrick pointed a finger at the device while giving verbal instructions on how to set it up. He listened with attention as Carrick pointed out the disk player’s functions to him along with saying that the device was set to voice commands before stepping back staring at him. 
Jinks spoke “Dismissed and thanks, Carrick.” 
He saw the butler nod his head before walking out of the room which he set in the disk in the disk player then went to the couch to sit. Jinks gave the command for the disk player to play recalling Carrick’s instructions. He frowned as the TV flashed showing a scene of a limo which a familiar man wearing green clothes came into view smashing his gun into the driver’s side appearing to fire it. Jinks felt himself feeling distaste running through him recalling the scene from his memory while seeing the TV’s scene which continued to show himself wearing different set of clothes and sunglasses coming out of the car to confront the gun man forming a karate fight pose. Jinks watched as the gun man aimed his gun at him before throwing the weapon at him which he ducked then the man attacked him with karate which he saw himself counterattacking with equal martial arts. He watched seeing the scene was just like he recalled seeing the gun man yanking off his sunglasses dropping it and running away which he saw the camera view did a close up of his face showing his eyes were all black before switching to its original view of the car. He watched himself pick up the sunglasses putting them on and get into the car out of sight. Jinks frowned as the camera kept aiming at the car which showed Vienna looking freaked out by her expression on her face coming out of the car followed by himself having hands on her and yanking her away from the limo a good distance away. He saw Henny following with the King having hands on her followed by letting go of her and heading towards him holding Vienna with fear looks on his face. Jinks watched as car exploded followed by the King using some super speed landing himself onto himself holding Vienna pushing both onto the ground. He continued to watch as Henny turned around to watch the car explode and saw a piece of it hit her on the forehead knocking her onto the ground on her back which her form became still. Jinks frowned seeing that as the TV continued to show the King, himself and Vienna getting up from the ground which he let go of the King’s wife to head towards Henny putting a hand on her neck as if feeling for a pulse then seeing the female move followed by himself helping her up to stand. He eyed the scene noticing the King hugging and kissing Vienna who was hugging the Builder back while both appeared to have freaked out expressions on their faces. Jinks frowned as the TV flicked to blue screen showing that the disk’s contents had ended which he got up and went to the disk player to take out the disk. He went to the armoire and stuffed the disk back in its place inside and recalled Barry’s words about the disks being recordings of him figured that the Builder wasn’t kidding about that from the words scrawled on the disks. He heard a throat clearing noise behind him and turned to look and see Carrick standing at the doorway. 
He frowned as Carrick spoke “You’re required to go out so there’s a change of clothes in the bathroom which you’re to meet your escort in the lobby.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly walked passed the butler and went taking a route to his bedroom going inside shutting the doors behind him. He went into the bathroom to look at the sink counter and felt disgust seeing the clothes were an orange jumpsuit, white socks, underwear briefs and white sneakers on the floor. He gave off a sound of disgust exchanged shoes and clothes then walked out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors which he flung open and went to the elevator going inside taking it to the lobby. Jinks saw among his guards three Human men dressed in suits with ties while wearing black tinted sunglasses over their eyes which one seeing him held up a wallet unfolding it which he saw an ID for FBI and a badge as the man identified himself as a federal agent. He didn’t protest as the man’s companions placed handcuffs on his wrists and then gripped his arms leading him out of the lobby to see a crowd held back by cops which he saw news crews standing among them. He flinched from the glare of cameras flashing in his eyes sight as he was led to a van parked on the side of the street and forced inside. Once inside he sat in the middle of a seat with two agents besides him as the van drove throughout the street. He exhaled a breath eyes looking out the window in front of him to see traffic was a bit on the bad side due to how slow the van was moving. He felt disgust running through him as he felt a rage episode arrive within him putting him out. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on his stomach on a van door on the ground while having his hands gripping something as he heard groaning sounds of pain on both sides of him. He sensed himself filmed while hearing a fire roaring noise sounding behind him which he let go of his grips and turned around while sitting up to stare at the van that was engulfed in fire missing a door which he recognized it was the one he was sitting on. Jinks looked on his left to see a federal agent lying on his side bringing a hand to his forehead while shaking his head as if woozy with a headache. Jinks looked on his right to see lying next to him was two federal agents one lying on his side next to him with chest heaving while another was on his back shaking his head having hands rubbing his forehead despite the sunglasses still on his face. Jinks groaned softly as he stared at the van to hear sounds of sirens of emergency vehicles becoming louder and louder. He rubbed a hand on his forehead then lowered the hand to bend his legs putting his arms on them head buried in them as he felt tears fell hard from his eyes. He cried and cried shaking his form a bit and continued doing it as he felt a hand touch his shoulder tapping him which he ignored. 
He heard voices talking loudly which his ears registered a male voice “He’s having a breakdown from being in shock.”
Jinks heard a female voice speaking as the hand stopped touching him “Just wait awhile till he calms down.” 
He heard nothing but scattered overlapping voices sounding in male and female tones as he continued to weep till he felt a needle prick of pain in the back of his neck making him sleepy which he uncurled his form laying it down on the van door and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to discovering himself wearing not his jumpsuit but a hospital gown on his form while lying in a bed with irritation running through him. He sat up and sensed himself filmed as he looked around the room to see two doorways in opposite walls which he saw doors were ajar. He got up and went to the door on his left to peer inside seeing it was a bathroom with a shower stall which he went inside shutting the door closed behind him finding himself needing to use the facilities. 

Jinks came out hair damp wearing his hospital gown feeling himself better and no longer irritated which he frowned seeing a male dressed in scrubs standing in the room with a glare on his face hands behind his back. His senses blares warning as he quickly willed the Darkness through as the male brought hands out from behind his back to show a gun device held in one hand that fired laser bolts aimed at his chest. Jinks felt himself compelled to stand motionless as the laser bolts hit him in the chest throwing him backwards onto the floor which he found himself paralysis as the Darkness was abruptly willed away from him. As the male walked in his line of sight to bend down staring at him with a glare on the man’s face then again fired the gun which he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a sound of an alarm clock blaring in his ear. He jerked open his eyes discovering he was in his bedroom of the penthouse which he turned to glare at the clock seeing it blare eight o’clock in the morning. He got up with a frown running through him discovering he was wearing pajama pants and then he eyed the clock. 
He spoke “Sleep mode time.” 
He frowned as the clock’s computer spoke “twenty four hours.” 
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead and went into the bathroom to pause seeing folded orange and white clothing on the counter that suspiciously looked like a jumpsuit, socks and underwear briefs to him. Groaning loudly he stripped himself of his pants and entered the shower stall. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling disgusted while wearing the orange jumpsuit and clothes included with it along with the white sneakers. He went to the bedroom doors and flung them open to see Carrick standing there not looking surprised to see him wearing the orange jumpsuit. He frowned as Carrick led him to the dinning room which he paused seeing Barry sitting at the table eating and drinking from dishware on a tray with silverware. Jinks went to sit down next to Barry while noticing that the Builder still was wearing his device around his neck but it looked like it was looser and not so tightly wound around the area. Jinks frowned as Melanie arrived and set down a tray in front of him. He felt himself hungry ate the food and drink leaving nothing left then once done watched as Melanie carried his tray and Barry’s into the kitchen then turned his attention towards the Builder who was frowning eyes staring at him. 
Barry spoke “Alright I’m here to tell you some things involving the incident a bit ago which is the van erupting in fire.”
He nodded his head as Barry paused then continued speaking “Anyway an overweight male Highlander wearing a mask over his eyes was seen firing a torpedo gun aimed at the van you were in.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Barry kept talking “The male in question was knocked down by some homeless bum an undercover federal agent who witnessed the scene. The male I should tell you was revealed to be an actual Highlander wearing a suit to make him look overweight. The Highlander in question has been identified as an assassin who it’s rumored to be under Marvin Johnson’s payroll. Marvin Johnson is which you know of him and the current King’s defeated opponent in the election. “
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “There are recordings of you smashing the van door off its hinges while getting out of the van holding the arms of two federal agents which all three of you hit the ground just as the van exploded. The driver and third federal agent managed to get out alive after you smashed yourself and two agents out of the van. After that you were observed having some shock breakdown so you were knocked out unconscious then brought to a hospital for testing which after you woke up an undercover officer knocked you out and had you brought to here so you could wake up and recover.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Barry paused again to clear his throat then the Builder spoke “The reason for the van trip was to send you to the local police station to an interrogation room where you would be talking about you saving the life of three people which one was the King himself. The interrogation would be filmed and tape sent to an analysis group in Washington D.C. where they’ll examine the contents. They would then send copies of the tape to the higher ups in the government that involves the Senators who with the King are still debating on whether to pardon you for your crime due to that there’s a law that makes it possible to do that.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips hearing Barry’s words as the Builder paused from talking to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look. 
He figured that Barry wanted him to say something which he spoke “Ok am I still going out to make the van trip despite the incident?”
He stared at Barry who frowned visibly on his face before speaking “Actually Jinks one of the rooms here in the building have been set up for interrogating you and filming it that authorities think its too dangerous to transport you around the city due to the incident. The interrogation will happen soon once they finish setting things up. Also you’re required to wear that jumpsuit for that and once their done you’re to return here. You can change out of the jumpsuit if you like once you’re done with the filmed interrogation. Just tell the truth as honestly as you can and be sure to admit that you don’t know if you’re asked to answer a question you’re not sure of the answer.” 
Jinks spoke “I get it your words Barry.” 
He watched as the Builder formed a grimace on his face before getting up from the chair and disappearing in a flash of bright white light which he figured that the Meritanians transported him elsewhere. He got up from the table and wandered into the kitchen to hear talk become silent which he went to the bench and sat hands on the table clasped in front of him eyes staring out the window. He saw a large sized bird fly by the window that made him remember his last time with the hawk head manoids guards of Anubis with distaste running through him as he felt a hand touch his shoulder. He sighed softly as the hand became tapping hitting him with poking feelings. Jinks felt irritation running through him looked on his right to see Carrick standing next to him. 
Carrick spoke “I believe you’ll feel better being in the TV room viewing a recorder disk.” 
He heard the annoyance in Carrick’s tone and figured that the servants were trying to remove him from the kitchen hence the butler’s comments. He got up from the table as Carrick removed his hand and went out of the kitchen leaving the doors slamming behind him. He went to the TV room and went to the armoire which he began yanking out disks to glare at their words on them and yanked them back. He felt himself too irritated to view a disk’s contents went to the couch to sit leaning back and shut his eyes only to open them finding himself not to tired.
He mentally thought to himself “Just for once I would love to know what the High Council's opinion of me” 
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “And have you get furiously angry due to not agreeing to the High Council's opinion? No way that happened too many times when you ran for public office and seeing reports on lies about you which the servants and others had to calm you down too many times to count.” 
Jinks groaned and mentally spoke “But father I’ve deserved to know what their saying about me due to that I saved a life of a public figure.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes leaning back. Jinks dreamed of the beach facing his father who had a black eyed glare who gagged him on the throat with a hand. 
He gagged out “Father, please-“
Lance interrupted sounding angry “Father, please what MacLeod? Have you forgotten how many times you had blow ups whenever you viewed TV broadcasting lies about my son Jinks Montreal you whined he wasn't a Human God?” 
He groaned loudly as Lance continued speaking “Oh go ahead and groan all you want, MacLeod, but those blow ups wouldn’t stop happening no matter how the servants and your people tried to stop them hitting you. You reading those papers and seeing the broadcasts now will result in you still blowing up anyway something I don’t find amusing despite you keeping the habit.” 
Jinks gagged out “Father what are they saying about me?”
He gagged as the hand on his throat became tighter and ironclad as Lance spoke “Their saying all sorts of things about you and some of them are lies that are terrible enough to make you have a blow up hence me insisting that you not read the newspapers or watch TV broadcasts of them-” 
He heard Ramses’ voice cut in interrupting Lance speaking his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his arm which he jerked open his eyes to see Carrick leaning over him with a frown on the butler’s face. 
He stared at Carrick who spoke “Your escort is here to take you someplace, their in the living room near the elevator so get up and go there.” 
Jinks felt himself obeying as Carrick straightened up his form. He walked out of the TV room and headed to the living room which he found two Human men wearing Master Organization army clothes standing with arms folded glares on their faces but eyes showing reverence in them seeing him. He at one man’s head gesture entered the elevator followed by them and watched one of them pressed a numbered button on the console on the elevator’s wall. He wordlessly kept his mouth shut as the elevator took its route to the desired floor then stopped which he followed one of the men out with another taking up the rear. He kept his mouth shut as they entered a hallway with double doors at both sides which he stopped as the men stopped at a set of double doors. Jinks frowned as one of them knocked on the door with a serious of three knocks in code he figured followed by the door opening showing another male dressed in Master Organization army clothes that held open the door while gesturing towards him to go inside with a hand. Jinks walked inside the room hearing the door slam behind him. He sensed himself filmed to see a chair underneath glaring lights with a camera device aimed at it behind the lights and men scattered in the room wearing various clothing. Jinks frowned as one man wearing a suit pointed a finger towards him and then aimed it at the chair which he nodded his head and went to the chair to sit in it blinking his eyes from the glare of the lights shining down on him. 
He frowned as he heard a male voice speak “This is the subject, gender a male, appearance age twenty five years old, named publicity Jinks Montreal, when he's identified as Tam-Mykola MacLeod, for interrogation subject being a convicted killer saving the life of three people which one is the current King himself.” 
He frowned hearing the name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod spoken frowned finding the males proceeded to question him questions.
He found the questions were: 
"Why aren't you serving the High Council?" 
"Don't you know that you don't have a place among the Humans on their land?"
"Aren't you aware that the First Ones, we name the Humans have accused you of murderous crimes?"
"Don't you know that your name is Tam-Mykola MacLeod and your not the First Ones' god Jinks Montreal himself-"
He interrupted their question on that subject "I don't remember being Tam-Mykola MacLeod. All I remember is being Jinks Montreal himself. What's going on with that?"
Jinks got from one guard "Knock him out now!"
He found a needle dart injected into his chest as if via a hidden hand while noticing the hand's owner was Jinks Montreal himself clad in his Lance Richard persona. He stiffened of shock seeing the Lance Richard persona was creepy with pointed ears of a Highlander and eyes that creep him out as he fell unconscious.

Jinks came to waking up discovering he was sitting in a chair restrained that felt like a wheelchair to him while sensing himself filmed. He felt clothes on his form that were still an orange jumpsuit from the feel of them. He lifted his head and saw grimacing inwardly a woman with a mean look on her face and some bored look in her eyes who pointed a finger at a wall which he saw a flat screened TV monitor on it. He heard the woman clap her hands twice followed by monitor flicking on showing an overhead view of himself in an apparent shower room followed by Brianna walking through the doors which he saw from memory everything happened as before he was knocked out. He saw himself mating with her in some sexual way as she didn't give resistance to that. He felt anger fisted his hands as the scene showed himself sliding to the floor with form still followed by Brianna standing staring at him before falling to the floor onto her back with form still. He glared at the TV to show Brianna’s abdomen became swollen with child before a baby was thrust out followed by people wearing paramedic clothes came into view then he heard the woman clap her hands followed by the monitor shutting off. 
He snarled out “Bitch! She had her opportunity to mate with me when you locked the both of us in a room with a bed and she didn’t take it. What a bitch to do this stunt to me.” 
He growled an angry sound as the woman spoke with a bored tone “Brianna was previously locked up in a life tube due to having some ability to manipulate people to do things as ordered by her using the ability to touch their bare skin with her bare skin. That is what happened to you. Rest assured that Brianna won’t do that again for she has been placed in a life tube and won’t be taken out till she passes away.” 
Jinks snarled a nonsense sound hearing the woman’s words. 
He spoke “I overheard Eric talking to Brianna in a cell from standing in a hallway saying that he wanted a mate and was lonely too long. He sounded like he was pleading for one judging by his voice tone. I saw the look on his face when she was kissing him on the neck with her hands on his chest. He looked like he was desperate for a mate and was willing to do anything for one.” 
Jinks heard nothing from the woman who cleared her throat and he stiffened as he felt a stinging pain in his neck followed by sleepiness which he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up with a start feeling himself irritated. He looked around discovering he was in his cell with the lights off due to night vision flaring in his eyes. He got up and went to the toilet adjusting his clothes. Once done he adjusted his clothes and washed his hands and dried them then went to the bed laying his form down on it and yanked the blankets over his head shutting his eyes. Jinks dreamed of himself facing Lance who looked annoyed while glaring at the Meritanians who were giggling hysterically. Jinks frowned as Lance looked at him with an all black eyed glare then continued to glare at the Meritanians who kept on giggling. 
Jinks spoke “Alright out with it, what did the Meritanians do this time?”
He frowned as Lance gave off a loud roaring noise which got the Meritanians to stop their hysterical giggling to stare at them both. 
Jinks eyed the Meritanians as he spoke “Out with it patsies, what did you do this time that is so funny?”
He felt a fist punch him in the stomach that made him groan as he heard Lance’s irritated voice speaking “Don’t insult the plants get it?”
Jinks nodded his head but continued to stare at the Meritanians as he heard Lance again speak “They manipulated Alexei to pull out Brianna out of some tube just to manipulate Eric to mate with her. Brianna according to them never wanted Eric or you at all despite being manipulated to mate with the both of you.”
Jinks growled some angry sound hearing that as he felt hands touch his forehead and chest which he felt himself calmer which he looked at Lance showing Human blue eyes. 
Lance continued talking “The manipulation by the plants was done by the High Council who was trying to figure out why Brianna was in the tube. The High Council has people working for Alexei spying on people giving them information of the going around in the hospital and its land based hospital asylum in some town called Wolf's Howl, New York.”
Jinks felt himself stiffening hearing that as Lance kept speaking “Anyway the plants and the High Council had nothing to do with you and this female named Daria mating with each other. The High Council manipulated the asylum to give your son to a Highlander couple that is friendly with the High Council and their plans just to possibly raise Darien as an assassin for them.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as he spoke as Lance paused “Not more manipulating by the High Council. I can’t seem to stop having my life manipulated by them. Ugh.” 
He saw Lance’s eyes turn from blue Human to all black eyes that were narrowed in a glare aimed at him which made him stiffen. 
Lance spoke with annoyance Jinks heard in his tone “The High Council’s manipulating is sometimes an effort to control this species dubbed Nightwalker who appeared soon after Edenia and her planetary bodies started orbiting Shadan or Aire as its called.”
He heard the edge in Lance’s voice tone and saw his father’s head was cocked sensed that the Meritanians were eavesdropping on the conversation judging by their silence. Jinks stiffened figuring out that Lance had something unsaid that he didn’t want the Meritanians to overhear and tell the High Council about it. 
Jinks spoke “Oh didn’t know that. Ugh would this species Nightwalker have something to do with manipulating me and my life?” 
He stared at Lance whose eyes turned to Human blue eyes before his father spoke “I just told you the reason why the High Council is manipulating you so keep it in mind.” 
He nodded his head as he heard Ramses speak his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to hear an alarm clock sound discovering himself still in his cell lying in bed with the blanket covering him. He yanked the blanket off of him and got up from the bed to walk to the cell doorway and froze seeing Eric standing there with arms folded a glare on the Hybrid’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Eric spoke “You mated with Brianna.” 
He heard the firmness in Eric’s voice tone followed by Lance’s voice yelling in his mind “Don’t insult him!”
Jinks frowned and spoke “What makes you say that?”
He stared at Eric with a frown on his face as the Hybrid spoke “They showed me a recording of that. Plus you reek of her.” 
Jinks inhaled a breath as Eric’s eyes narrowed glare become more glaring which he spoke “Did they tell you anything else besides showing that recording?”
He stared at Eric who spoke “Said that Brianna is some kind of mental manipulator by touching people’s bare skin with her bare skin touching them. They also said that they interrogated Brianna who claimed that she was manipulated to mate with the both of us and that she didn’t want either of us to mate with in the first place. What do you have to say about this?”
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “I don’t know what’s going on with Brianna that caused this to happen to either of us.”
Jinks frowned as Eric shook his head and walked off out of sight which he walked out of his cell to see the double doors to the cafeteria swinging which he went to them and walked through the doors entering the room. He went to the food processing machines and got a tray along with dishware and silverware which he loaded with food and drink then carried it to the table sitting next to Daria among the Hybrids with Eric sitting opposite from him. Jinks ate his food as he sensed Daria sniffing him he finding his food disgusting to his taste. 
He ignored her as she spoke “Why do you smell of something odd?” 
He heard Eric speak “He mated with Brianna.” 
Jinks felt anger hit him continued to eat his food as Daria spoke with hurt in her voice tone “Jinks.” 
He spoke not hiding the anger in his voice while glaring at Eric “I didn’t do it willingly. They told me she had some mental manipulating ability that caused me to mate with her.” 
He heard nothing from the other Hybrids as Eric’s face turned to anger followed by the Hybrid speaking “She’s Human not a Hybrid and she does smells Human like.” 
Jinks fisted his free hand to flare the Master through which he saw Eric’s eyes narrow staring at him. 
He spoke using the Master’s voice tone “Human? What does that make me? I’m not entirely human yet I look like one and I bet I smell like one.” 
He paused to glare at Eric’s expression remained the same followed by the Hybrid speaking “You’re a bastard to mate with Brianna.” 
Jinks heard the anger on Eric’s voice tone which he spoke “Bastard? Why would I mate with Brianna if I have Daria to mate with anyway?”
He took a bite of his food as Eric threw his tray behind him and got up storming towards him roaring angrily. Jinks quickly got up from the table to meet Eric’s charge with hands fisted. He ducked as Eric threw fists aimed at his face which he counterattacked by kicking the Hybrid in the stomach with karate moves. Jinks heard the intercom come on ignored the voice and its contents as he and Eric continued to fight each other the Hybrid swinging fists at him while he kicked him repeatedly over and over. Jinks heard the sound of dart guns going off felt a stinging pain in his left side that felt like a needle injected in the area followed by sleepiness hitting him which made his kicking become weaker and weaker. He eyed Eric whose fisting became slower followed by head shaking which he shut his eyes and felt himself hitting the floor passing out unconscious. 

MacLeod woke up feeling a poking feeling in his stomach. He felt himself held up in a standing position with familiar clawed hands gripping his upper arms in ironclad grips with nails digging in the areas. MacLeod shook his head and jerked open his eyes to discover that he was in the High Council’s throne room held by guards with Anubis standing in his line of sight with ears flat on the top of the gonoid head warrior’s head removed his staff from poking him in the stomach. He shook his head of sleep to discover that he wasn’t irritated despite being darted asleep to stare at a figure wearing a white hooded robe of the High Council standing nearby with familiarity within him. MacLeod frowned as he shifted his eyes towards the High Council sitting in their seats numbered nine behind their speakers Shad and Onya. 
He heard Shad speak “Well so nice of you to join us, MacLeod.”
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone as Onya spoke with an identical voice tone “Well might as well get to the point and say why you’re here.” 
MacLeod formed a thin line with his lips as Shad spoke “The Meritanians have told us the contents of your conversation with Lance which is interesting hearing it. Such as the reason why you refused to serve us willingly. You care to hear what was said hmm?” 
He kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Anyway just something you should know of. A Seer before executed prophesied that we would attack the First Ones' home world of Earth but failed to mention to us that a Human hidden by Hades and King Winter would bring death to a High Council group. We’re aware that he witnessed the incident involving the High Council done by a Human dubbed Nikolas and didn’t do anything to stop it which has us disappointed. Hence he serving us for that mistake.”
MacLeod kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Also disappointed that the four Horsemen and their sister proceeded to use you as some kind of weapon to bring our speakers to attack the High Council to death which you again didn’t do anything to stop that incident. What do you have to say about this?”
He wisely kept his mouth shut and shook his head in a Human no gesture as his senses blared warning he recalled no memory coming to his mind of killing the High Council under orders of the four horsemen. 
He kept his mouth in a thin line as Shad spoke “Not one word from you MacLeod? I’m surprised about that you would remain silent despite not yet speaking the words of loyalty towards us.” 
MacLeod felt his senses again blared warning as he eyed the hooded figure to see it had a male form that held up a black gloved hand towards him curling it in a fist which he felt himself choking gasping for air. He figured that the male was someone he himself had Master abilities and felt the guards adjusted their hold on his arms keeping them down on his sides which he found he couldn’t budge their grips despite struggling against it. 
MacLeod spoke while still gagging “Please, don’t do this.” 
He heard the pleading in his voice tone continued to gasp for air as sleepiness arrived hitting him making him shake his head struggling to stay awake. 
MacLeod heard in his mind “The plants are putting you to sleep just to avoid being gagged to death so don’t resist.” 
He obeyed shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious losing sensation of everything around him. 

MacLeod woke up hearing a ringing like sound jerking his eyes open with a start to discover himself wearing nothing on his form but restrained to some hard metal bed with the ceiling curved in an arch an arm length above him. He stiffened recognizing the ceiling as he felt the familiar pain hitting his feet raised his head to stare at his feet was the familiar tube with a laser coming from it aimed at his body. MacLeod struggled against the restraints holding him to the bed as the laser slowly made its way to his ankles bringing pain. He found himself hit with electrical currents of pain each time he yanked at the restraints from the back of his neck hitting him there that vibrated throughout his entire body. MacLeod felt his reaction to the laser’s pain was the same as before as it slowly traveled up his body. He gritted his teeth biting his lip as he smelled blood making him excited. He frowned as he felt the smell went away and found his lips quit being bit and with a jerk yanked at the restraints only to feel a powerful charge of electrical currents of pain vibrated throughout him in his body that made him gasp loudly repeatedly. 
MacLeod spoke out loud “Why are you doing this? You already did this to me before. You don’t need to do this again.” 
He grimaced from the pleading in his voice tone as he heard nothing but silence as his answer to his words as the laser traveled up his legs bringing pain. MacLeod jerked against the restraints only to feel the familiar charge of electrical currents of pain hit him each time he struggled to free himself. He eyed the laser as it traveled to his sensitive part hitting him there and made his eyes water from the stinging pain which made him gasp out cries of pain. He continued to cry as the laser traveled up his upper body then his neck followed by reaching his face that made him scream from its touch. MacLeod felt himself passing out unconscious as the laser hit his eyes surrendered to the darkness consuming his eyes sight followed by losing sensation of everything around him including his body then there was nothing. 

MacLeod, with the name of Jinks Montreal fully in his mind identifying himself but unsure of why he was thinking it. He woke up by impulse to feel a hand remove itself from his forehead which he jerked open his eyes looking around feeling himself in a large double bed with his head on a pillow and blankets covering his form while feeling himself wearing a hospital gown on him. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his left looked focusing his eyes on a man with grey in his black hair with blue eyes that looked friendly that seemed familiar staring at him while wearing a sweatshirt top and tan pants on the male’s form. He stared at the male with confusion running through him wondering why the man was familiar. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke sounding familiar “So we meet again like I oath we would to Samira.”
He frowned as the name Samira seemed familiar to him as an image of a woman looking biracial flashed in his mind wearing a blue dress which he figured it was her. 
He stared at the male who continued to speak “The name is Robert and I have wanted to meet you again waiting for ten years since you were put in lock up by the High Council.” 
He frowned as Robert he assumed paused from talking as he got a headache. He stiffened as an image of a female lying on a hospital bed with black hair face similar to Robert which her legs were bent and a medic pulled out a baby a boy from her. Jinks continued to stiffen as he got eye sight views appearing to be himself raising the baby with the female who grew up to be similar to Robert standing next to his bed. 
He felt himself stiffening as a voice spoke in his mind “Robert is your son with a female named Katherine who you raised with her.” 
He stiffened further hearing Lance’s words realizing that his father was correct about that Robert being his son from the memories popping in his mind showing him raising the man who aged ten years as the headache went away. Jinks stared at Robert with recognition in his eyes which his son nodded his head with an identical look in his eyes before putting a finger to his lips. 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Robert removed his finger to move his mouth without using his voice which he lip read “There are listening devices in the room I can sense them. The fewer people know about me being your son the better off I am alive. I’m so sorry about Victoria. I wasn’t able to save her due to the assassin using her voice on me knocking me out.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Robert kept on mouthing “Anyway the assassin in question Margo was found in a lock up cell with her head cut off from her body with weapon and assassin no where to be found. Recording of Margo in her cell show her pacing before looking at the door widen her eyes and backing up to hit the wall with fear on her face and screaming of terror before the recorders were cut off that didn’t show what happened to her. After that the recording came on to show her head was off her body and she dead.”
He frowned as Robert paused to look away then looked back at him before again mouthing “The cops at the precinct are claiming that they saw no one enter the precinct or enter the cell she was in or hearing her scream of terror. Recordings of the building show that there were blackouts of someone entering the place to Margo’s cell then leaving which cops in the recording before blackouts have claimed to not see anyone and are pointing the person who did the crime as a Builder which Builders have been disputing that by claiming that someone else did it.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard a loud knocking sound saw Robert look away before again looking at him before mouthing “It’s the guard at the door telling me that my visiting time is up. We’ll meet again when the time is right.” 
He nodded his head as Robert leaned down putting a hand on his forehead and he felt the sleepiness arrive hitting him shut his eyes feeling himself falling asleep. Jinks dreamed of himself facing Lance who was frowning. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The assassin that killed off Margo was the four men who the High Council dubbed the four Horsemen that give off medical ailments by touching people.”
He stiffened hearing that as Lance kept talking “Anyway the four horsemen were transported to the city by the Meritanians with orders courtesy of the High Council to assassinate Margo whom they did then transport back once they were done. As for the recordings’ blackouts their not filmable and that they can hide themselves from people only seen to people whenever they want to do that.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance continued speaking “Oh that meeting with Robert? It was courtesy of Robert’s begging to the High Council through the Meritanians to arrange it. He’s somehow aware of the High Council and their manipulations involving you who I’m not sure how he found out. I suspect a Highlander either working for the High Council or against them told him of that and they must be responsible for arranging the meeting due to reading it in his mind.” 
He nodded his head as Ramses spoke his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing a familiar alarm clock sound lurched up with a start to discover he was in the penthouse in the bedroom while wearing nothing but pajama pants. Jinks looked around the room discovering that things were the same as before. He exhaled a breath got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to stare at the sink counter seeing his familiar black clothing folded on top of it with sneakers down below it. He sighed and stripped himself of his pajama pants then entered the shower stall finding his settings the same as before and proceeded to cleanse himself thoroughly. Once done he walked out to grab a towel then dried himself followed by putting the towel away on the warming rack in the wall then went to the clothes putting them on along with the sneakers. He stared at himself in the mirror which he found a brush sitting next to the sink brushed his hair and left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors. Jinks paused to raise a hand bowing his head and shutting his eyes. He saw an overhead view of outside the room showing Carrick standing out there that looked up with confusion in his face before staring at the doors. Jinks opened his eyes rising up his head and went to the doors yanking them open to see Carrick standing in his familiar spot with a familiar look on his face. He exhaled a breath and went to the dining room followed by the butler and sat at the table hearing Carrick going into the kitchen. Jinks frowned as Melanie arrived carrying a tray which she set down in front of him then stepped back staring at him which he figured that she wanted him to eat. Jinks obeyed drinking all of the drinks without any complaints that appeared to be blood from the taste despite he unsure of where it came from or how knowledge of him being a blood drinker got known. He got up once done and walked out of the dining room aiming to go to the TV room and discovered himself going to the library room which he went inside to sit in an armchair only to feel a book between the cushion and armchair. Jinks reached behind him and yanked out the book with a bookmark stuck in it appearing to be a romance novel by a male on the cover baring his muscled chest while wearing some odd clothing. He sighed and slammed the book on the table next to him and leaned back in the chair head touching it with eyes staring at the open doors. He frowned as Carrick came into view clearing his throat while pausing to stand into the room. 
He straightened up his form to stare at Carrick who spoke “You’re wanted in the lobby. Visitors can’t come up, invasion of privacy.”
Jinks sighed and got up walking out of the room passed the butler who he sensed didn’t follow him. He went to the elevator and got on it pressing the button for lobby then stood with arms folded as it made its descendant. He frowned as the elevator stopped reaching the lobby floor and doors opened which he walked out to see his familiar guards standing in the room with three men wearing suits standing nearby them all wearing sunglasses with one being a blonde and the others having black hair. Jinks walked up to the men as one a blonde held up a wallet unfolding it identifying himself and his companions as federal agents. 
Jinks frowned as the male identifying himself as Kenny Yuma spoke “Just to ask you some questions involving a recent death.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Kenny’s companion held up a round circular head sized device towards him which he felt himself filmed. 
Kenny continued “I would like to inform you that Montoya Ramos’ car exploded in fire and Ramos’ body was later found and identified in it. We have recordings of Ramos himself entering the car and then it blew up. What do you know of that?”
Jinks spoke “I don’t know much about that.” 
He paused as a memory of his time at the prison Ramos was commissioner flashed in his mind.
Jinks continued “I should add that I stayed in the prison Ramos was commissioner of and got the impression that the man had a grudge against me for killing his brother from the way things were there. Also I heard from one of the prisoners that Ramos shot to death a prisoner named Beer Hettinger dubbed Boss among the prisoners whose family has a long standing grudge against me.”
He paused to frown with his lips as Kenny’s lips formed a thin line before the male spoke “Anything else besides that?” 
He shook his head no and got a disgusted sound from Kenny who added “Thanks for your time. Don’t change locations unless we tell you to get that?”
He nodded his head and watched the federal agents leave through the entrance doors walking out of sight. He stood in the lobby and peered through the glass doors seeing past the guards were a crowd of people held back by rope barricades with devices in their hands that flashed white lights as he saw some of those people held microphones while appearing to be gesturing to behind them to a person holding a device identical to the federal agent’s video recording recorder. Jinks groaned and walked to the elevators entering one as gestured by the nearest guard pointing a finger at it and pressed the button for penthouse which he felt it move going up. He folded his arms head bowed to stare at the floor as the elevator made its ascendant. 
He felt the elevator stop raised his head to see the doors open showing Carrick standing there that spoke “I’m to lead you to where you’re needed to go.” 
He nodded his head as Carrick walked inside and watched the butler pressed a numbered button on the elevator console. He felt the elevator move going through floors then stopped with doors opening. He wordlessly followed Carrick out into a hallway passed double doors with labels on them he didn’t bother to read till the butler reached a set of doors knocked on it in code of three knocks then opened a door gesturing him to go inside. Jinks walked inside hearing the door shut behind him feeling himself filmed to see he was in a circular room with a spotlight over a table and there was a male wearing a suit appearing to be familiar sitting at the table facing the doors alone. 
He frowned as the male spoke sounding familiar “I never thought we would meet so here we are.” 
Jinks heard from a voice speaking in his mind “He’s Burke Richardson who’s part of a near immortal Human race called Destroyer equal but opposite to the Builders.” 
Jinks stiffened as memories of Burke Richardson flashed in his mind with the last memory of himself shot by Burke in his apartment in another state that made him feel a little annoyed. 
He folded his arms as the male spoke “I see you recognized me, Burke Richardson. I managed to survive the car blowing up incident only to come back as King Winter which you have met me holding the title.”
Jinks stiffened as he got memories of King Winter living with him in the penthouse flashing in his mind as Burke he assumed continued talking “I gave up the title thirteen years ago when it was apparent that I was no longer needed to be King Winter and passed the crown onto someone else. Anyway took me awhile till I could get my life back with the help of my descendants who I believe you met one of them named Donald.”
Jinks nodded his head as memories of a man named Donald flashed in his mind as Burke kept on talking “Anyway Donald in question is still serving a prison term in another state. He has about a year to go before he’ll be done. He’s grateful that I came into his life when he needed someone to take over his business and family affairs which probably explains why King Winter said it was time for me to stop holding the title. The Cold Lord must have sensed Donald and his problem dumped me in Donald’s building. Donald recognized me from my looks and told me of his problems with the law along with problems involving his business and family affairs due to needing someone to handle them. Donald for some reason wound up guilty and sentenced to prison despite his lawyer giving a very good defense against the prosecutor that did a shoddy job harrumph.” 
Jinks shrugged as Burke paused to narrow his eyes aimed at him with reverence in them. He figured that Burke wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Well it explains why you as King Winter seemed dedicated to me during my time of problems hitting me. Thanks for that anyway.” 
Jinks paused as Burke bobbed his head then again gave him the narrowed eyed look which he added “You have kept yourself well informed of the situation involving me starting back years till now?”
He stared at Burke who spoke “I’m well informed by the Table members due to being one of them about you and your life happening the moment you were taken away by the High Council and put down into some sleep status they claimed to be. I don't want to know what they really did to you. The High Council says that they can give you sanctuary from the Humans on the mainland who see you as a wannabe of Jinks Montreal. Quit that joke MacLeod.” 
MacLeod frowned seeing Burke nodded his head as Burke continued talking “I admit some things to you. Ten years ago after I heard the news involving you I asked several of the guards Highlander and Human alike to work on becoming federal agents to bring down anyone for their crimes. It took them awhile but only four were accepted into the FBI which one of them wound up assigned to the prison this Hettinger was kept in keeping an eye on that buffoon and on Montoya Ramos. That Human in question was an Amula who was able to integrate into the prison. This Amula in question rigged the cameras aimed on you, Hettinger and Ramos to broadcast elsewhere in the Master Organization to keep an eye on you three. Mostly while you MacLeod went around as a wannabe Jinks Montreal, the Hettinger family didn't agree with and had you jailed to put a stop to that. They rigged you to kill someone like they habitually do to people who play wannabe of the Human God Jinks Montreal. You did a lousy job playing wannabe Jinks Montreal and got the public furious with you at the moment. Hence I insisting that you go to the High Council for your safety.”
He frowned as Burke paused to chuckle some laugh before continuing speaking “Ramos wound up shooting Hettinger to death which that Amula spy managed to get the recording in Hettinger’s family’s hands. The Hettinger family is responsible for blowing up Ramos with his car due to using some Peasant loyal to you to rig it to go up in flames. That Peasant in question is in federal agents’ hands arrested by them that figured out who rigged the car due to that idiot left a scroll with the Master Lance Richard on it nearby having his fingerprints on it. They traced the scroll’s fingerprints to that Peasant who had a prior criminal record involving being caught attempting to rig a car belonging to the Hettinger family to blow up by an undercover police officer. That idiot in question has been responsible for blowing up several cars belonging to the Hettinger family and he has never killed any of them but has done the blown ups whenever their near the car just to rattle them.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Burke kept talking “As for that Peasant there’s a rumor going around that the Hettinger family caught him about to rig one of their cars. Their said to make a deal with him to rig Ramos’ car to blow up as long as they drop the vendetta against you playing wannabe to be Jinks Montreal, which I doubt that’ll happen. I think the Hettinger family doubts having that vendetta against you according to rumor heard started from the Peasant group and have reached the Table members. Scotland is checking that out at the moment but they’ll let us know what’s going on with the Hettinger family.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Burke stopped talking to glare at him with narrowed eyed looks.
He figured that Burke wanted him to say something recalled a memory of his time as declared a Human God of Jinks Montreal spoke “I recall that there was a cop who was part of the Hettinger family that I’m aware of is considered the black sheep due to not having any interest in having a grudge against me. You know anything about him?”
He frowned as Burke spoke “I heard by rumor spread by Peasants that reached Table members’ ears that the Hettinger family are having a feud among each other. Reason for that is the vendetta against you which some family members are fighting on whether to drop the grudge or continue with it.” 
Jinks nodded his head hearing Burke’s words who added "You really should join the High Council anyway. There's no place for you here-"
He interrupted angrily "I won't serve the High Council!"
Jinks gave Burke a glare who leaned back with arms folded and put his legs onto the table crossing them into a familiar style making him gulp seeing it from Jinks Montreal via recording doing it. He frowned as Burke's form shifted into Jinks Montreal the original himself with all black eyes giving him a glare of accusation on his face. 
He realized his name was Tam-Mykola MacLeod gulped and spoke "I have a life among the Humans as the Human God named Jinks Montreal-"
MacLeod was interrupted by Jinks Montreal holding up a hand he feeling himself choking to frown while staring at the male to mouth "You won't take the Human God position so I take it in your stead."
He frowned as a male came out of the curtain he gulped was dressed in a High Council's servant wear with long black hair and some golden eyed look and having jaw extended showing fanged teeth that waved a bony hand in his direction. He gulped recognizing Mindbender, the devoted servant of the High Council who stared at Jinks Montreal lengthy who willed aside the choking. 
He gulped breathing for air deeply to speak firmly "I'm Jinks Montreal, Human God of the Human species."
MacLeod eyed Jinks Montreal who resumed folding his arms but kept his mouth into a thin line he saw from the male. 
He found Mindbender giving him a glare making him gulp as he heard a creepy voice spoken in his mind "You'll regret what your saying MacLeod."
MacLeod spoke "Tam-Mykola MacLeod is dead. I'm now Jinks Montreal. Nothing you can do about it so tell the High Council to stuff it."
He felt himself fine with his words gave Jinks Montreal a glare only to hear the familiar creepy voice speaking in his mind "Then Jinks Montreal you'll be but you'll regret it."
MacLeod as Jinks spoke firmly "I'm done talking to you."
He walked away hearing growling noises from Mindbender to ignore the sounds and left the room going to the elevator following Carrick to there. Jinks frown hearing that as the elevator reached the penthouse floor and Carrick disappeared from view which he figured that the butler used some super speed move to get away from him. He didn’t protest walked out of the elevator to stand in the living room letting himself brood in this thoughts about the federal agents' questioning him for murder. He frowned as he walked to the library and went to sit in a chair to again feel a book between the cushion and the chair which he yanked out and placed it on the table next to him. He leaned back staring at the open doors with a frown on his face still thinking to himself of what the federal agents asked him and what Carrick told him. He exhaled a breath to feel himself tensed up which he got up and went out of the library into the hallway heading to the gym room which he threw open the doors and went inside the room. He felt the familiar filming sensation sighed and got down on the floor in a perfect split and began doing his stretching exercises willing himself to become less tensed up. Jinks swung himself with a karate move and proceeded to do a karate Kata till he finished with a bow towards the mirror wall. He eyed the wall on his right to see it empty of knife weapons and decorated with karate belts in different colors. He frowned as he eyed the wall on his left to see the targets were gone from it. Jinks frowned getting a memory flashing in his mind, he saw was of a tube he watched as himself appearing to be the original Jinks Montreal unconscious with a scar on his cheek then lifted up and thrust into the tube followed by the tube filling up with eerie green liquid that bothered him then the tube he saw lifted itself up going vertical. He frowned watching it became vertical followed by shutting his eyes as found himself going unconscious via hand touching his forehead. 

Jinks came to hearing voices talking sensing himself lying on a bed wearing an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. He frowned sensing himself wearing a hospital gown and there was stiffness felt in his form. He groaned a soft sound as his eyes felt too heavy to open. He eavesdropped on the voices sounding in two male voice tones that seemed familiar. 
He listened as one voice spoke “It might take awhile till we find out if the experiment worked or not.”
Jinks frowned as the same male voice spoke “At least he did the deed willingly.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding like it came from the other male followed by prick of pain in his neck as a needle dart was injected and he felt himself losing sensation of his body and around him till there was nothing. 

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of an alarm clock blare its noises. He jerked open his eyes and lurched up with eyes wide. He looked around to discover that he was in the penthouse in his bedroom alone and things looked the same as before. Jinks exhaled a breath to get up from the bed discovering he was wearing pajama pants. He headed towards the bathroom and went inside. 

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar black clothing and sneakers on his feet. His hair was brushed and he felt himself fine from the shower he had seeing that the bathroom was the same as before. Jinks went to the bedroom doors and paused staring at them which he forced himself to yank the doors open to stare with shock at the butler standing there in the butler’s familiar spot. He saw a human male with short blonde hair that flashed golden eyes of a Builder and appeared to look thirty years old to him. 
Jinks spoke “Um you are?”
He frowned as the Butler he assumed spoke “The name is James, Master Jinks and I’m your butler.”
Jinks nodded his head and walked by James sensing the male following him. He went to the dining room to see with shock Barry sitting at the table eating food. He frowned as he went to sit at the table in his familiar spot while hearing James go into the kitchen as he eyed Barry. He saw that Barry didn’t appear to be wearing his familiar neck device or devices around his wrists from eyeing them. He frowned as the kitchen doors banged open showing a female with long pulled back blonde hair carrying a tray that set it down in front of him and gave him a look expecting him to eat. Jinks obeyed finding himself terribly hungry he found three cups holding blood in them on the tray. He drank the nourishment with full gulps leaving nothing left then pushed the tray away from him. 
He spoke as the female bent down to pick his tray and Barry’s “You got a name, miss?”
He stared at her as she straightened up her form holding both trays and spoke “The name is Emma. The cook is my husband Matthew.” 
He nodded his head as she turned and entered the kitchen carrying both trays which he turned his attention towards Barry seeing the Builder looking at him with some serious expression on his face despite creepy all black eyes seen this time. 
Barry spoke “Hit the gym room, MacLeod.” 
He opened his mouth to protest and saw Barry’s face turn into a glare which he obeyed getting up from the table and went out of the dining room to the hallway which he took to the gym room while sensing Barry following him from the thumping of a cane behind him. He reached the gym room doors swung them open then walked inside eyeing the room to feel the familiar filming sensation but sensed a difference with the room seeing that the mirrors were gone and the rest of the room remained the same. 
He frowned as Barry spoke behind him “Stretch and show me some karate now, MacLeod.”
Jinks heard the firmness in Barry’s voice tone obeyed to sit on the floor doing his stretching exercises feeling his body for complaints which he sensed that he was still limber to his shock. He figured that his karate might be the same swung himself up with a karate move and found himself doing it perfectly. 
He thought to himself “What’s up with that?”
Jinks frowned as he eyed the black belt on the wall shrugged and went into a black belt Kata doing it finding his movements were the same as before the memory of himself went into the cylinder tube which made him bewildered. He finished with a bow towards Barry to stare at the Builder who gave off an hmm sound. 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Barry spoke “The government back then after stalling on whether to pardon you or not had a secret ballot vote which the result was to have you finish your sentence which is all done now. You’re a free man as long as you follow the law.”
Jinks sighed hearing that as Barry kept talking “The result of the ballot led to a new problem such as figuring out where to have you do the remainder of your sentence due to problems involving you and the people at the prisons you stayed at. It was decided to have you finish your sentence at the Zeskaya hospital in a life tube but a specialized one. There was an experiment discovered involving the life tubes which you were selected for the procedure. The experiment appears judging by your stretching ability and karate that it worked.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry paused to clear his throat then the Builder continued “The Meritanians with the help of others managed to convinced the High Council to free me from their services that happened eight years ago. Unfortunately I have to be careful on what I do among the Humans and other races or I’ll catch the High Council’s eye again and be forced in their service. I was warned of that by someone belonging to a Highlander group called Scotland who told me that the High Council have interests in finding someone who can see anything in their mind like an All Seeing One. You’re aware that I have an ability to see events that happened elsewhere at the same time in my mind but I don't have it at the moment."
He bobbed his head while staring at Barry who continued talking “I’m told by a Highlander member of Scotland that the High Council unknowingly managed to give me the ability of detecting my mind being scanned from the Highlander proving it when scanning my mind. I’m also told that I don’t have the mental shield blocks to keep mind walkers out of my mind and warned on being careful on what I do just to avoid the High Council’s eyes. Scotland managed to tell me of you being indisposed whom I went and convinced Alexei to put me to sleep till it was time for you to wake up from your slumber so I could assist you with getting your life back.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder paused from talking to frown staring at him. 
He figured that Barry wanted him to say something spoke “Oh.” 
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow with some look in them that made him think it was a glare which he added “I don’t know what to say about this anyway.”
Jinks shrugged as Barry spoke “Well things are different from ten years ago such as technological advances. Several things over the years have gotten advanced enough to improve people’s way of life which led to new problems such as people abusing things to a point of obsession including obsessed with trivial things that have nothing to do with improving people’s lives. One of those things involves the Master Organization and seeing you as a vessel of their leader and Master Jinks Montreal himself.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat and then the Builder continued to speak “Five years ago the Master Organization has gotten powerful enough to run the United States themselves along with catching people’s notice that aren’t in the group or your followers. Those people have brought the Master Organization to the public by blaring it in the tabloids revealing both you as their deity lord despite being a convicted killer and the group which the press had a field day about it that the brouhaha lasted two years.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry nodded his head before kept speaking “I suspect the blabbing was done by the Hettinger family. I’m not sure of the reason. I think they were hoping to disband the Master Organization enough to make you an easy target for assassination. It’s too bad that this plan of theirs backfired on them.”
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that as Barry continued talking “The Master Organization had gotten too big to be disbanded which after the revealing and the brouhaha died down a bit is when rumors came out that there were two Jinks. One with a scar mark as pointed out by the High Council secretly as the original and you MacLeod as a copy clone of him via experiment done by the Zesky hospital."
Jinks gulped hearing Barry's words to realize with a start that the memory of himself put into a tube was scarred Jinks placed into there followed by removed and he himself without the scar grew in place.
He spoke “Just curious, who’s the one that the public identifies as Jinks Montreal despite I feel like him?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “I’m told that the High Council did quite a deal of manipulating to have the original Jinks Montreal with a scar be seen as the Human God dubbed Osiris a hero while you, MacLeod was seen as a troublemaker and joke twin Seth as he's called."
Jinks frowned recalling nothing coming to his mind as he stared at Barry who kept on giving him a glare he gulped seeing was accusation.
He spoke firmly "I won't serve the High Council! My life is here! I'm Jinks Montreal the Human God!"
He glared at Barry who spoke opened his mouth to speak as there was a loud ahem sound loudly in the gym room. Jinks found James standing in the doorway as he shifted to eye the butler finding Barry still giving him a familiar glare despite having all black eyes always seen from the male. 
James spoke “There’s a press conference happening outside at the front entrance regarding you being freed from prison along with being seen as a deity lord. I’m told to tell you that you should go and give a statement to the press. The press is not being put off by your spokesman a lawyer from McBroom and Associates by them insisting on you give a statement.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as Barry spoke “Jinks, as you wish to be acknowledged, remember your time running for public offices? Use the training for that.” 
He exhaled a breath nodded his head and walked out of the gym room passed Barry and James finding neither man had followed him which he went to the elevator and took it to the lobby. He exhaled another breath as he walked out and went to the front entrance glass doors to see a crowd of people in a semi circle held back by rope barricades holding various devices in their hands aimed at a Highlander appearing to be wearing a suit standing in the middle appearing to be talking to them. He sighed and recalled his training running for public office running in his mind which he walked out and heard the crowd give up a loud gasp seeing him which he walked up to the Highlander that turned sideways face with a frown looking in his direction revealing a microphone stand. Jinks steeled himself to be calm reached the microphone and heard the Highlander’s words sounding in his mind. 
He heard “Their asking about you being freed from prison from doing your sentence and the Master Organization seeing you as a deity lord.” 
He bobbed his head in a short bob then spoke into the microphone “I’m doing quite well from being freed from prison.”
He frowned as he was asked questions about the Master Organization along with being their deity lord who he honestly explained that he was aware of that for awhile and didn’t bother to answer anymore questions when he heard the Highlander next to him mentally tell him to go inside which he obeyed. Jinks went inside ignoring the press and went to the penthouse which he went into the TV room shutting the doors behind him. He flopped on the couch and leaned back staring at the TV which he felt sleepiness figured that Lance wanted to talk to him who he leaned his head back and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who had a glare on his face.
Lance spoke sounding annoyed “You in your sleep did it again.”
He groaned loudly recalling what Lance was talking about as his father continued speaking “Your target was the Amula in the prison regarding one called Nose who is now serving a life sentence in prison for killing off a fellow prisoner which was caused by you possessing him.” 
Jinks continued to groan loudly as Lance’s eyes became all black followed by feeling his father gagging him on the throat with a hand. 
Lance spoke “I’m not amused that you keep pulling this joke whenever you’re in some sleep state. Nose wasn’t the only victim. There were several others in the prison that were targeted by you that are now serving life sentences in prison for killing people caused by you possessing them. You seem to inherit what your brother Jinks appears to have, Tam-Mykola.” 
Jinks felt Lance’s grip off his neck as there was a flash of light on his left which he looked to see his twin with a scar on his face with arms folded standing there with a big glare on his face eyeing him. 
Jinks spoke sounding annoyed “You better have a good explanation for gagging me, Father.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance which he turned his attention to and heard his father speaking “Cut that not appropriate behavior towards your brother now.” 
He gagged out “but Father-“
He was interrupted by Lance speaking “No buts, I mean it.” 
Jinks felt himself freed groaned loudly rubbing a hand on his throat as he shift his attention towards his twin who kept on glaring at him with accusation he saw. 
He heard Lance speak “So something I can do for you, Osiris?”
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm in Lance’s voice tone as Osiris his twin he figured he'll refer him, spoke “Not much predecessor. The kids are doing fine. They’ve grown up quite a bit to inherit some of the power ability but their not as strong as I am with it or strong as father with it either.”
He frowned to fold his arms as Lance spoke “Interesting. You want to tell your brother about the offspring he fathered with a Highlander female?”
He frowned recalling himself mating with a Highlander female while chained up flashing in his mind. 
He stared at Osiris who shifted to look at him while speaking “Tam, you have a son given the name of Yanox by his mother who’s name is Yana. He appears to have inherited the power ability and is strong as I am but doesn’t have the Earthquake power.” 
He frowned hearing the words Earthquake power which he recalled himself making the earth shakes in his mind but found it not there within him to his confusion. 
He heard Osiris speak "Father what are you going to be doing about Seth taking over my life?"
Jinks shifted to glare at Osiris as he found his Father gagging him on the throat who gagged out "Father, please!"
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke "Father please from my own son Osiris himself. Spare me the begging and tell me what's going on with you?"
He kept the frown while eyeing Osiris who kept on being gagged who spoke in a halting tone "I...don't...get...it...what...you're...meaning."
Jinks frowned as his father snarled "You did whatever you could to avoid being a Human God. Now with your brother taking your place your demanding it back."
Jinks exhaled a breath as Osiris spoke in response "Its wrong of my brother as you call him to take my place in my life when it's my life."
He eyed his Father who spoke in response after forcing Osiris he recognized as original Jinks Montreal's eyes shut in response. 
He found Lance giving him a glare and spoke "Spill it Jinks on what's going on with you anyway?"
He blurted to his annoyance "I won't serve the High Council."
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Interesting.”
He heard the Meritanians give of giggling sounds which he saw Lance’s eyes turn all black which he like his father turned to look at the plants that had looks of mirth on their faces. 
He heard his Father speak “What’s so funny Meritanians?”
Jinks stiffened as Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut woke up to hear a knocking sound on the TV room doors which he sat up straight and eyed them as James entered the room opening the doors. 
He stared at James questioningly who spoke “Master Jinks, Barry wants you in the dining room.” 
Jinks sighed and got up from the couch walking out of the TV discovering James followed him which he went to the dining room to see Barry sitting in a chair. He went to sit as James entered the kitchen with doors banging behind him. 
He eyed Barry who spoke “I acquired this.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry pulled out a rolled newspaper from his jacket pocket and placed it on the table then gestured a hand towards it. He exhaled a breath to pick up the newspaper unrolling it to read that the paper was Great Written News which he recalled was a Highlander based newspaper. 
He read the headline blare the words “Acknowledge the High Council now.” 
Jinks frowned but read the article detailing about himself refusing to acknowledge the High Council by balking on serving them to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust and thrust aside the newspaper to throw it into the hallway. He found James appearing into sight to give him a look of disapproval on his face who picked up the newspaper and faded from view. He shifted to glare at Barry who gave him a familiar glare of accusation.
Jinks felt himself compelled to speak spoke "I won't serve the High Council!"
He glared at Barry who spoke in response "So be it."
Jinks frowned hearing that from Barry who added “The press conference. They were going to ask you about the tabloids’ blaring about you being a living Human God including all sorts of lies said about you which I suspect would make you riled enough to get angry about it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Barry nodded his head followed by the Builder speaking again “The Meritanians have been keeping me updated on your children’s lives and people’s views towards you as I was in suspended animation sleep while appearing to be discussing it among each other. They appeared to be saying that the Jinks Montreal with the scar is the one who the Master Organization wants as their deity lord and have refused to accept you as that person."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry continued talking “Also the Meritanians from their conversation appear to have something to do with getting your brother aware of you and you being rebellious towards teaching about the High Council and their views. You from what I can tell was being taught to be an assassin as Jinks the original with scarring was taught the same but didn't like it. I suspect you saying your words of not serving the High Council is due to the Meritanians’ manipulating showing you aren’t interested in serving the High Council and are more interested in learning about your brother to become him instead.” 
He frowned as Barry stopped talking followed by the Builder giving him a narrowed eyed look which he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound. He looked to see Emma walk into view carrying a tray which she put down on the table in front of Barry then she removed a cup full of red liquid with a straw jutting from it from the tray and placed it in front of him. Jinks sighed seeing that it was his familiar drink as Emma stared at him with a look he recognized expecting him to drink it. He picked up the cup and sucked on the straw drinking the drink he recognized from the taste to be blood he didn't question why he was drinking it, which he took his time taking it down. 
He slurped the last of the drink and felt a hand whack him on the back of the head while hearing Barry’s annoyed tone speaking “That’s rude to slurp and don’t do that again.” 
Jinks spat out the straw and held up the cup towards Emma who took it and watched her go into the kitchen which he turned his attention towards Barry appearing to be continuing eating his food taking his time eating it. Jinks frowned as he eyed the newspaper sitting on the table which he brought a hand on it only to feel it slapped away by Barry’s hand. 
He heard Barry speak “No you’re not reading the rest of the paper. It details what the news affiliates have been blaring about you and yes you’ll get riled up enough to have a temper tantrum from reading it.” 
Jinks groaned softly made a motion to get up only to hear Barry speak “Sit, I’m not finished talking with you.” 
He adjusted himself sitting in the chair to fold his arms and frowned as the kitchen doors banged again which he saw Emma come into view her staring at Barry who he saw was still eating his food. Jinks frowned to watch Barry eat followed by the Builder finishing his drink then lift up the tray handing it to Emma who took it and went out of his view while hearing the kitchen doors banging its sound. Jinks stared at Barry who picked up the newspaper and rolled it up putting it in his jacket pocket then turned to meet his eyes. 
Barry spoke “Hit the gym room now, MacLeod.” 
He frowned hearing the firmness in the Builder’s voice tone obeyed to go to the gym room and once inside was ordered by Barry to stretch and do karate by the male’s firm tone. Jinks found himself obeying to stretch on the floor then swung himself up with a karate move followed by doing a Kata in the black belt form which he finished with a bow towards the belted wall then turned to face Barry with arms folded.
Barry spoke “Let’s go to the library room and sit.” 
He sighed as Barry gestured for him to leave which he left the gym room followed by the Builder from hearing his cane thumping on the floor which he took a route to the library room and walked inside followed by hearing James closing the doors behind him. He turned to face Barry and watched the Builder went to a chair to pull out a book from behind the cushion putting it on the table then sat down. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Sit down Tam.” 
He again heard the firmness in Barry’s voice obeyed to sit in the chair opposite the Builder’s but adjusted his position to face the male. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Margo’s murder if you like to know is still unsolved due to too many people coming forwards claiming responsibility to her death which have backed up the city’s police department trying to figure out if the person is innocent or guilty or influenced by a Builder to claim responsibility. Actually according to the Meritanians their all influenced by Builders trying to keep the police from figuring out that the four horsemen which you’re aware of did the crime.”
Jinks nodded his head as Barry continued talking “The Builders are aware of the four horsemen do not want the Humans to be aware of those four and their sister to fight them. The reasons for keeping the four horsemen and their sister out of Human knowledge is due to that the Humans have a very picky habit which is getting obsessed with something and passing it down to their descendants. The Builders don’t want Humans to be obsessed with defeating the four horsemen’s medical ailments or defeating those four enough to kill them off.”
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then kept talking “As for the four horsemen their still living with the High Council caged and forced to do assassinations by the High Council threatening to harm their sister. From what I could tell from the Meritanians’ talk mentioning the subject about that I get the feeling that the High Council wouldn’t dare use the four horsemen on you as a way of getting rid of you. I’m not sure why but I get the feeling that the High Council are afraid of something involved with someone else who from talk is very powerful hence they not using those four onto you. Also from the Meritanians’ talk they seem imply that someone as an Elemental from eavesdropping on them that suggest some element have the High Council nervous about that they won’t dare try sick the four horsemen onto you.”
Jinks frowned as Barry kept talking “I overheard that High Council aren’t the only ones nervous. The four horsemen have indicated that they are also nervous about this Elemental and have refused to do anything to get this individual angry at them to unleash the person’s power on them. I get the feeling that this Elemental has a very powerful interest in you as keeping you alive and unharmed.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as he thought of Lance came to his mind as Barry continued talking “Lance Richard has been pointed by me conversing with the Meritanians as the individual but the plants have indicated without saying who that it’s him by hinting that this individual has power to bring down the four horsemen enough to disable them for a long term. The only Elemental I could think of being capable of doing that would be King Winter but I doubt it due to that the four horsemen can easy defeat the Cold Lord by physical combat enough to knock him out unconscious. I also suspect that the appearance of Edenia the moon and her planetary Mother Humania has altered Lance Richard in his astral projection form to become more powerful. Powerful enough to make the four horsemen nervous.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to stare at him with narrowed eyed looks which he figured that the Builder wanted him to say something. 
Jinks recalled the Amula calling him Lord of the Underworld spoke “You sure that the appearance of Edenia didn't do anything to me since I’m the Lord of the Underworld ruler of Earth and gonoids?”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes widen then narrowed with some calculating look in them that made him feel suspicious on what the Builder was thinking about as he stared at him. 
He spoke “Well it was just a thought that’s all.” 
He stared at Barry who frowned before the Builder spoke “That’s an interesting theory, Tam, what makes you think of that?”
He heard the edge in Barry’s voice that suggested the Builder wasn’t telling him something fully. Jinks spoke recounting his time with the four horsemen and their sister from memory healed from being shot twice then they using him as a weapon to get the High Council’s speakers to kill off the High Council then leaving him in their hands which he woke up a month later healed up. He added about years later again hurt unconscious and waking up with the four horsemen in a cell and discovered their sister on him as bed for sleeping and healed by her. He frowned as Barry’s eyes remained narrowed as he paused from talking to clear his throat then continued to add from memory recalling Lance Richard on some world as a being named Osiris knifed in the back and healed by the sister after being transported to Shadan. He continued to add talking about coming upon the four horsemen again without their sister and asking them about her which they transported him through a gate to another world where he met the sister who healed him and transported him through a gate back to Shadan. 
He frowned as he spoke “That’s about it. That’s what I remember of my encounters with them.”
Jinks stared at Barry who appeared to have some calculating look in his eyes which made him again feel suspicious on what the Builder was thinking about. 
He spoke “What are you thinking about? You have that look that suggests your thinking about something.” 
He saw Barry shift his eyes to stare at him then the Builder spoke “Hmm from what you told me it doesn’t make any sense on why the four horsemen would be afraid of you when its appearing to involve Lance Richard himself. That despite he appeared to have deposed his body and is now currently trapped in his astral projection form.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry’s formed a far away look on his face as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind with a headache felt “Believe me both you and the four horsemen share the same fear towards this Elemental I’ve been forbidden by the High Council to say who it is. I’ve mentioned the name before and got a nasty out reaction from the High Council and the four horsemen. Only clue I can tell you on who it is, is that they both can’t control this Elemental or the person’s power abilities from hurting them and I'm not kidding when I say that Edenia and Humania did something to make this Elemental more annoying.”
He heard Ramses pause before speaking “Ugh it isn’t Horus himself or Osiris as he's referred now, sorry but someone else who is very picky about Horus being hurt and it isn’t his twin brother either. Oh this someone can’t be defeated in physical combat like a certain Elemental. Also this Elemental’s power elements aren’t easily controlled like the other Elementals and that this person is never alone while he's in his form he's at the moment.”
He heard Ramses pause before continuing “Yeah that’s the one I’m talking about. Beats me why this Elemental got picky about Horus being hurt. I and my sisters haven’t been able to mind walk this Elemental or the others this one travels with due to that their minds aren’t readable and that their forms are more elemental than manoid solids.” 
Jinks frowned recalling the three Elementals, King Sea, Lord Teorjer and Ellison Donovan flashing in his mind as Ramses paused from talking. He heard silence but felt the headache of his mind scanned still there which he eyed Barry that appeared to have some concentration look on the Builder’s face with eyes shifting all over. He figured to himself that Barry was conversing with the Meritanians. 
He again heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “High Council, I don’t know where this pickiness towards Horus came from despite agreeing to let his brother come to exist to takeover his life. The Elementals in my knowledge never displayed such behavior towards a First One Seth himself and have us annoyed that their being picky on getting him out of underneath the First Ones' hands. Their demanding Seth to be serving you instead."

Jinks spoke firmly "I won't serve the High Council!"
He found Ramses continued ignoring his outburst. "Also from what we could tell about those picky Elementals is too many cycles ago before the U.S. came to Shadan a female Amula with some hearing disability was forced to mate by a male Amula. The female in question wound up having three gonoid babies in her gonoid form that were later taken away and raised elsewhere at some hospital that specializes in doing product testing on gonoids to make life for manoids better. Also then the U.S. came over and we did a lot of scanning over the Humans there. We did discover the three babies that were dubbed the names the three Elementals were identified as, as a joke by some doctor there who thought it’ll be funny to name them that. Joke later backfired on this doctor when the babies after the transfer became adults in some fast growth speed and then became those three Elementals who picked on the doctor for the teasing behavior the Human treated them.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused then continued to speak “Actually it was the one who's name you hate, himself who convinced the three to stop their picking on manoids behavior when he caught their eye and they wound up introducing themselves to him. They haven’t been picking on manoids since that meeting but been sometimes assisting manoids with problems from time to time. Also from scans of the four horsemen and their sister, their well acquainted with the three Elementals having met them over the cycles of their existence. The meetings have turned out from pleasant greetings into arguments about manoids focus Humans then fights which the four horsemen have always been knocked unconscious very bad leaving the sister to heal them awake. Oh the Elementals for some unexplained reason have been ignoring the sister like her brothers have done whenever they get into an argument which results into a fight. The sister in question has been trying to play peacemaker between those two groups by telling them solutions to the arguments but they been ignoring her and not listening instead wound up fighting.”
Jinks felt himself frowning some more hearing that as Ramses kept talking “From what we could tell from reading the four horsemen’s minds that the elements of water and eater aka fire dubbed that by Humans each alone aren’t enough to knock them out. It’s the element of electricity aka lightening that knocks them to the ground but doesn’t give the four injuries. Also when the three Elementals combine use their powers its enough to knock out the four horsemen unconscious and give them injuries which their sister has to heal them.”
He heard silence followed by Ramses’ voice sounding annoyed “Why do I have to transport Seth to you for? What’s up with you asking me that when Seth is dead straight on being Osiris? You told me to never transport Osiris to you again remember? What’s with the change of mind?”
Jinks stood up with arms folded feeling himself disgusted as he eyed Barry grimacing on his face eyes appearing to be unfocused as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room which he again felt his arms grabbed by the Hawk head guards in tight ironclad grips yanking them from their folded positions. He gave up a sound of disgust as he saw a familiar white hooded figure standing nearby in his line of sight which he figured from the familiarity was Osiris himself. 
Jinks eyed the speakers as Shad spoke “Well welcome back from being sleeping Tam-Mykola MacLeod.” 
He heard the sarcasm in the tone formed a thin line with his mouth as the Hawk head guards adjusted their hand hold on his arms pinning them down to his sides. He shifted his eyes towards Osiris whose arms appeared to be folded and made no move to unfold them. 
He heard Onya speak with sarcasm “Not one word from you Horus?”
Jinks shook his head as he heard a low whispered growl sound which he looked at his left to see Anubis standing nearby with ears flat on top of his head with eyes having annoyance in them. His eyes focused on Anubis’ neck seeing it still had the familiar device wrapped around it. 
He shifted his eyes towards the High Council as Shad spoke “Well we have unfinished business with you such as you failing to stop the assassinations of two High Council groups. What do you have to say about that?”
Jinks frowned to felt the headache of his mind still scanned spoke loudly his words "I won't serve you!" as compelled then clamped his mouth shut into a thin line eyes shifting towards Osiris.
Jinks saw Osiris in his line of sight do a double take look despite having the hood on covering the head followed by unfolding his arms to place gloved hands on the sides of his head as if covering his ears. 
He frowned at Osiris' body movements as Shad spoke “That words of you speaking is not appropriate MacLeod. So speak something else instead of that now.” 
Jinks heard the annoyance in the speaker’s tone spoke as if compelled several profanity comments aimed at the High Council before clamping his mouth shut into a thin line.
He mentally thought “Alright who’s doing this to make me swear vulgar language anyway? It’s really not my thing including making me give outburst of not serving the High Council?"
Jinks again eyed Osiris whose hands formed fists bringing them down to his sides followed by his brother turning around to face the High Council while wagging his head towards them which he figured was mentally telling them something.  
He heard both speakers give off “Argh! Ramses cut the joke now and spare us the vulgar language spoken by your puppet!”
Jinks heard hysterical laughter in a male tone before feeling the headache of his mind scanned stop followed by Osiris he saw turning around to face him folding his arms. 
He frowned as Shad spoke “What were we talking about before the rude interruption?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Oh discussing about what Horus has to say for failing to stop the assassinations of two High Council groups. What do you have to say about that?”
He spoke “Either tell you what you want to hear or what you don’t want to hear. Take your pick.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard both speakers spoke “Argh!”
He frowned to eye the speakers bow their heads followed by the High Council behind them wagging their heads and waving their hands in random gestures he saw wasn’t sign language. Jinks continued to watch the High Council who stopped their head wagging and hand gestures followed by the speakers raising their heads. 
He heard Shad speak “Oh knock him unconscious will you, Mindbender?”
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in the tone eyed Osiris to see the male raise a hand towards him curling it in a fist which he felt the familiar choking sensation followed by sleepiness hitting him which he surrendered to it passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear jerked his eyes open lurching up in a sitting position gasping for air. He looked around to discover that he was in the penthouse in the bedroom still wearing his clothes and shoes. He turned to glare at the alarm clock that blared eight o’clock in the morning which he got up from the bed and headed towards the bathroom figuring to himself that he’ll shower. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling himself much better wearing fresh black clothes and shoes and his hair brushed neatly. He went to the bedroom doors only to feel a headache hitting him that told him his mind was being scanned followed by the Darkness and Master willed through him that halted his walk. Jinks frowned as the headache left him which his senses blared warning staring at the doors. He shut his eyes to raise a hand and bowed his head as he saw an overhead view of a female with black hair wearing a Peasant dress and nearby lying on the floor was James appearing to be out unconscious. He saw her look up to his eyes sight view with confusion on her face that seemed familiar before looking down to face the doors. He stiffened seeing her face was similar to Margo from memory figured that the female was an assassin and daughter of Margo herself. He opened his eyes and raised his head lowering his hand. Jinks swung open the doors to glare at the female who opened her mouth to speak and clamped it shut doing a double take look seeing him with widen eyes. 
He bore her a glare with narrowed eyes while speaking using the Master’s voice “What do you want and why is my butler on the floor asleep?”
He glared at her as she opened her mouth flashing golden eyes telling him she was a Builder which she spoke using the voice he heard “Kneel on the floor now.” 
Jinks found himself balking her order as he spoke “Why should I kneel on the floor for? Oh don’t tell me you’re a damned assassin who sent to kill me off. Who are you actually, Margo?”
Jinks saw her eyes widen with shock in them followed by her face turning into a furious look with eyes narrowing which he saw her thrust out a syringe gun from her left sleeve and darted towards him using super speed. He found himself grabbing her arm, hand holding the gun and twisting it behind her back in a tight ironclad grip and grabbing her hair yanking her head back. 
He spoke “What do you think your doing?”
He heard her yell “Hey get in here now!”
He saw two police officers with Builder like eyes and sneering looks on their faces appear in the hallway heading towards him holding her which he thrust her forwards throwing her in the air towards the two cops who ignored her heading towards him. Jinks fisted his hands as the cops halted their super speed running to pull out gun weapons aiming it towards him. 
His eyes shift to one cop’s name plate which he read “Hettinger.”
Jinks felt disgust hitting him as the cops fired their guns showing electrical bolts coming out of them. He fell into a perfect split bending down as the electrical bolts reached him firing harmlessly above. He threw himself into a karate swung up move by swinging his legs to stand up glaring at the cops who looked annoyed. 
His eye fell on the other cop’s name plate which he again read “Hettinger.”
Jinks again felt disgust hitting him saw the female assassin get up behind the cops and appeared to be darting towards him with super speed while holding the syringe gun in her hand. Jinks waved a hand towards the cops’ guns mentally ordering them to jam as he brought a foot against the female assassin knocking her backwards onto the cops who pushed her aside then continued to attempt to fire their guns finding no success due to them jamming. Jinks waved a hand towards the female assassin mentally ordering her to sleep and saw her shake her head followed by collapsing onto the floor with form still. He eyed the cops who threw their guns at him which he ducked and then straightened up his form as they pulled out another set of guns appearing to be dart guns to him. He held up his hands waiting as the guns fired showing darts coming out of them which he caught and threw them at the cops aiming for their necks and found them hitting their target. Jinks watched as the cops formed shock looks on their faces followed by staggering shaking their heads while blinking their eyes and then fell to the ground going unconscious with form still. Jinks bent down and brought a hand on each cop’s forehead and mentally ordered them to sleep which he heard soft groaning sounds becoming silent. Jinks went to James and shook the butler who jerked his eyes open with a start flaring them golden. He frowned staring at James who sat up eyes still flaring golden which he kept his mouth shut as the butler got up and went to the female assassin picking her up by the arm and dragged her down the hallway. He shrugged and grabbed an arm from each cop and proceeded to drag them down the hallway sensing them still asleep from that which he followed James to the elevator and went inside with the butler, still holding onto the cops. He frowned as the elevator went down appearing to be heading to the garage room as it he saw passed the lobby floor and stopped at the floor. He followed James out to a van that indicated it belonged to the police on it to see a cop standing in front of it with eyes flaring golden arms folded and he saw Barry standing next to the cop showing a glare of accusation in his glare despite all black eyes. Jinks frowned as he reached the van to witness the cop open the door and gesture with a finger inside. He watched as James thrust inside the female assassin whom he obeyed to toss inside the two unconscious cops then stepped back as the third cop went inside shutting the van door. He saw Barry point a finger towards the elevator nodded his head and went to the elevator followed by James and Barry cane thumping behind him. He kept his mouth shut as the elevator went to the penthouse which he walked out and headed to the dining room figuring that he could get something to eat. Jinks heard the two Builders following him which once inside the dining room sat down in a chair and witnessed James going into the kitchen slamming the swinging doors behind him. He frowned as he saw Barry sit down next to him still flaring his familiar eyed look which he figured that the Builder was furiously angry kept his mouth shut as he sat and waited for the food to arrive courtesy of Emma who arrived carrying two trays with both hands. He watched as she set the trays in front of both him and Barry then stood staring at him expecting him to eat appearing to not be surprised by his black eyes despite having the Master in control. Jinks found himself obeying to eat the food finding himself hungry ate everything on his plate with silverware taking his time along with drinking down the cup’s contents forcing himself to take his time then pushed the tray away after he was done. He watched as Emma took his tray and Barry’s followed by her going into the kitchen banging the swinging doors behind her. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke sounding angry “I thought they were over this feud joke to remove wannabes of Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks figured that Barry was referring to the Hettinger family kept his mouth shut to turn his eyes towards the Builder to see he was still with an angry look on his face.
Jinks spoke “Surprise, surprise appears their not.”
He frown hearing the sarcasm in his voice tone as Barry looked at him narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at him. 
He added as Barry kept staring at him “Last I heard about the Hettinger Family was from some guy named Burke Richardson who claimed that ten years ago talking about the family having some internal dispute on whether to keep the feud with me or drop it. I guess they decided to keep it from the looks of those cops having Hettinger’s name on their name plates.” 
He shrugged as Barry spoke with anger still in the tone “That’s not the impression I got from what I found out about the Hettinger family. I’m told by Alexei that they dropped the feud eight years ago and haven’t made a move to do anything about it till now.”
He spoke recalling that the female assassin was a Builder “You sure that female Margo whatever her name is didn’t use the voice on those cops to help assassinate me?”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes widen before the Builder spoke “Interesting.” 
He frowned as Barry gave up a harrumph before adding “Also she was wearing a face mask and a wig to make her appear to be Margo when she’s not according to that cop I found standing near the van. Harrumph. He confessed under my voice order that he was ordered to tell the female and the two cops to knock you out and bring you to the van where he would drive you to a location identified in my memory as some harbored museum boat and dump you on it then leave. He didn’t say who ordered this but said that some Builder wearing a city gang uniform which is a hooded sweatshirt covering the head, sunglasses covering the eyes, faded jeans, fancy sneakers and a leather black jacket came up to him and voice ordered him to a location and what he ordered the female and cops. He also admitted that he went to the location to where there was a van sitting there and waited till two cops arrive with a female and gave them their orders before driving the van to the building and gain entrance inside by some radio device that allowed them in the garage room.”
Jinks frowned hearing that forming a frown on his lips while staring at Barry who paused from talking. He frowned as Barry ordered him to the gym room which he found himself agreeing to go got up from the chair and left the dining room going to the gym room which inside he fell into a perfect split. 
He heard Barry speak “Tam, don’t do that drop into leg move again when stretching.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath moved himself to face Barry and spoke “I used that move to avoid being shot at by gun weapons from people.”
He stared at Barry whom the Builder spoke “Fine, do that move only if it’s necessary but not when stretching.”
He heard the firmness in Barry’s voice tone nodded his head and began doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up with a karate move. He proceeded to do a Kata in the black belt form which he ended with a bow towards Barry and then straightened up his form to fold his arms staring at the Builder whose eyes were no longer flaring accusation. Jinks frowned as Barry cleared his throat and then made a gesture towards his eyes while pointing a finger at him. He exhaled a breath to realize that the Master and Darkness was in control willed them both away backing into the back of his mind. He frowned as James came into view clearing his throat with eyes no longer flaring golden. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “Master MacLeod, you wanted in the guest quarters and you should take the elevator for that.”
He frowned to nod his head then walked passed James and Barry whom he went to the elevator and went inside to see the familiar labeled button which he pressed and felt the thing move. He folded his arms to stare at the floor as the elevator made its motions followed by stopping and doors opening with a loud ding sound. He walked out to see the room was the same as before and felt himself filmed which he saw a female with black hair wearing a white dress standing in the middle of the room looking nervous to him.
Jinks frowned went up to the female who spoke with nervousness in her voice “I want a baby from you.” 
He exhaled a breath placed hands on her shoulders and felt her nervousness which he rubbed her shoulders then brought the hands down to reach the skirt part of the dress which he yanked up and slowly yanked the dress off of her. He stared at her naked form finding it pleasant which he slowly undid his clothes and shoes showing his form in the buff and saw her eyes widen seeing it while sensing that she seemed shocked. Jinks took her hand and brought her to the bed putting her form on top of it then laid his form on top of her and felt her legs move accommodating him but sensed she was still nervous. He entered her finding no barriers blocking his way and felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while thrusting in rhythm. He sensed the woman seemed to be enjoying it by her gasping out loudly which he spilled himself inside her and still felt hard enough to do another round of mating and again spilled himself inside her while hit with an intense charge of pleasure. Jinks kissed the woman on the cheek then pulled himself out of her and got up from the bed to go to his clothes which he put on along with his shoes. He stared at the woman who seemed daze and shocked followed by her rolling her eyes and giving off a loud groaning sound with form still and chest going up and down as if she had labored breathing. He figured from memory that a baby was growing inside her which he heard the elevator ding its sound followed by doors opening which he turned to look. Jinks saw James walk out followed by two paramedics carrying large duffle bags. 
He frowned as James spoke “Master, please come with me.” 
Jinks obeyed going into the elevator following James inside. He watched as James pressed the button indicating the Penthouse and felt the elevator move going to the floor then stop with doors opening showing the living room. 
He walked out followed by James and spoke pausing from his walk to stare at the butler “James, where’s Barry?” 
He frowned as James spoke “He’s in the library room.” 
He spoke “Thanks, James.” 
Jinks walked to the library room and went inside seeing the doors were open. Jinks saw Barry sitting in a chair reading a book appearing to be a romance novel from the cover and saw an amused expression on the Builder’s face as the male read the book. He sighed and walked inside shutting the doors then turned to face Barry who stared at him. 
Barry spoke “So how was the mating?”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that spoke “It went fine. She seemed nervous but did allow me to have my way with her.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Actually her nervousness was because her husband a Builder was in the bathroom listening to everything.” 
He exhaled another breath as Barry added “She’s a descendant of you in case you don’t know that.” 
He frowned as he recalled the woman’s face to realize that Barry wasn’t kidding on that as he recalled her face reminded him of himself a bit. Jinks stared at Barry who resumed reading the book. Sighing he went to the bookcase to a shelf and pulled out books peering at the covers and reading the titles. He found one showing a male wearing medieval armor yanked it out and went to sit in the chair which he read the back of the book to discover that it was a romance novel by a Veronica Thomas despite the name familiar to him. Sighing he figured to himself that he’ll read the book so he opened it and began reading it finding himself curious about the contents. 

Jinks read the book finding himself a little disgusted with the mating detailed graphically but found the story interesting to read involving an Annoyov assassin named Shad. He got halfway through the book when he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Jinks lowered the book to see James standing at the open doorways who spoke “Lunch is served.”
He placed the book flat on where he was in it then got up followed by Barry cane thumping behind him. He went to the dining room to sit seeing in his spot was a cup of red liquid which he drank finding it was his blood drink. Jinks sipped down the contents as Barry sitting next to him ate his food. He sighed when he was finished drinking placed the cup on the table in front of him then leaned back folding his arms. He heard the kitchen doors bang eyed Emma walking out that took his cup and tray from Barry before walking into the kitchen doors swinging behind her. 
He remembered his karate involving discipline on being calm spoke “Barry, how come no one bothered to train me to remain calm whenever I see media that speaks lies about me?’
Jinks frowned as Barry appeared to be thinking then the Builder pulled out a rolled newspaper from his jacket pocket and placed it in front of him gesturing with a hand. He picked up the newspaper to see it was a tabloid which he saw himself pictured on the cover with words related to him being a Human God blaring on it. He felt himself angry shut his eyes putting the paper down and breathe hard through his nose willing himself to be calm. 
Jinks heard Barry’s voice speaking “That’s enough for today. Let’s take this slow and take our time with this.” 
He felt himself agreeing with Barry forced himself to mediate willing himself to be calm till the angry feeling left him and he opened his eyes. He found himself back in the presences of the High Council naked of clothes while feeling a feeling of wetness all over his form including his hair plastered to his head. 
He found Shad speaking "So what do you have to say now?"
He spoke in a small voice "I won't serve you."
MacLeod got from Shad in response "Why are you speaking softly? Something wrong with your voice hmm? Yell it now."
MacLeod opened his mouth to scream only to feel a hand clamp over it that felt bony to the feel making him nervous. He heard a growling noise to look finding the High Council's servant Mindbender was the hand's owner who's golden Human eyes were narrowed into a glare aimed at him. 
MacLeod gulped seeing Mindbender's glare as he mentally spoke in response "Get mister creepy away from me now!" despite his mind scanned. 
MacLeod heard Mindbender's growl become more growling felt the Hawk head guards' giving off growling noises as he felt a hand touching the top of his forehead followed by sleepiness and found himself shutting his eyes only to open them finding himself in the gym room in the middle of doing karate. 
He heard a loud ahem noise to find James in the room who spoke “Lunch is served.” 
He heard a voice speak “Good I’m feeling like needing to eat.” 
MacLeod frowned finding Barry in the room as he found himself in the library room sitting in a chair instead of in the gym room. He walked out of the library going to the dining room which he saw his red blood drink in place on the table along with food for Barry. He sat down to sip the drink as Barry he saw out of the corners of his eyes sat down to eat.  He finished with the drink got up and headed towards the kitchen only to hear Barry give off a harrumph sound. 
MacLeod turned around to look at Barry who spoke “The servants told me in a private conversation with them to have you stay out of the kitchen which I insist that you stay out.” 
He spoke “Would you mind if I go in and meet the cook due to not meeting him?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Fine but make your visit short.” 
MacLeod sure of his name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod instead of Jinks Montreal, nodded his head and entered the kitchen to see Emma at the sink washing dishes that looked at him with a big frown on her face. He switched eyes towards the stove to see a long blond haired pulled back into a tail male at the stove look in his direction with facial appearance that reminded him of General Kennidis. 
He spoke eyeing the male and blurt “The name is Tam-Mykola MacLeod and it was pleasant to meet you Matthew from hearing about you from Emma.” 
MacLeod saw Matthew he assumed nod his head which he left the kitchen walking out despite annoyed with what he said. He went to the TV room finding everything the same there. He went to the couch and sat leaning back shutting his eyes feeling sleepiness which he dreamed of facing Lance who was clad in a white robe with all black eyes and his familiar crown on top of his head. 
Lance he stared at spoke “You’re serving the High Council-.”
MacLeod interrupted spoke “No way I’m not doing that.” 
He frowned as Lance’s eyes became all black followed by feeling himself gagged on the throat. 
He heard Lance speak “You’re serving the High Council period. Let me handle the High Council trying to manipulate you and your life get it?”
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the TV room lurching up to hear the sound of the a door knocking sound which he looked at the doors to see them open followed by James coming into the room clearing his throat loudly. 
MacLeod frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.” 
He sighed getting up and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby to look around spotting four men wearing suits and sunglasses on their faces standing in the room which he went up to them. 
One of the men he saw held up a wallet with a badge attached while speaking “We’re FBI and we have questions for you to answer.” 
MacLeod didn’t protest as he felt himself filmed by one of the men holding up a hand sized object in his hand aimed at him. 
He frowned as the same federal agent asked him “What do you know of tabloids blare you as a wannabe of the Human God Jinks Montreal despite having appearance twin to him?”
He felt disgust sounded it loudly then spoke “I don't know much of that. I only know is that I'm Tam-Mykola MacLeod and not Jinks Montreal despite having appearance twin to him-.” 
He frowned as the federal agent interrupted “We’re aware of the new status of your name mister wannabe as you call yourself. We would like to know why you don’t appear to be serving the High Council.” 
MacLeod spoke firmly "I keep on being compelled to blurt a line involving not serving the High Council. I still don't want to serve them but I prefer to live among the Humans as Tam-Mykola MacLeod.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain what the changeover from Jinks Montreal to this Tam-Mykola MacLeod persona?”
He spoke “Ask the High Council-“
The federal agent interrupted to his annoyance “We prefer to ask you instead of the High Council for reasons why they want you to serve them.” 
He felt annoyance spoke “I don’t like talking about that persona in me for it brought me some trouble with people dubbed High Council which I want to keep secret and don’t want to talk about it.” 
MacLeod felt himself further annoyed as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain the trouble the High Council did to you hence your refusal to serve them?”
He spoke “It’s none of your business and I’m finished talking with-“
The federal agent again interrupted him speaking “You have to answer our questions due to law and that we can arrest you and bring you to a precinct to be interrogated further if you don’t cooperate with us.” 
MacLeod felt himself getting angry and more furious as the federal agent added “You care to explain the trouble the High Council did to you?”
He felt himself going into a rage episode allowed himself to lose conscious only to come to in a calm mood feeling a female form hugging him. MacLeod frowned as the female removed herself from him which he saw an Asian female with black hair pulled back Highlander style showing her ears similar to one of the High Council's hidden servant Ajax, while seeing her wearing a Peasant dress. He saw the federal agents behind her with frowns on their lips. 
MacLeod got a communication from Lance speaking “The female is yours for you to have and she’s like Ajax a Human Highlander hybrid which the High Council will hesitate to do anything bad to her due to her being part Highlander.”
He stared at the female took her hand sensing her stiffen from that and gently kissed it with his lips. 
He heard the federal agent say “We’ll be back.” 
He saw out of the corners of his eyes the federal agents leave which he focused his attention towards her speaking “My name is Tam-Mykola MacLeod what’s yours?”
He frowned as she spoke sounding like Ajax same accent “I like to say my name in private along with my purpose of being here seeing you if you don’t mind.” 
He gripped her hand and pulled her to the elevator and went inside which he pressed the button to penthouse and felt the elevator move. He heard nothing from her but felt her squeeze his hand in a gentle grip as the elevator reached its destination which he walked out and pulled her to the TV room figuring out that Barry would be in the library reading a book. MacLeod let go of her hand and shut the doors then recalled what Barry said about the penthouse rigged with devices to record things which he figured he’ll mention to her later once she revealed her purpose. 
He stared at her as she spoke “My name is Elina. I was adopted at a young age and raised by Highlander parents’ supporters of the High Council. The High Council in question has ordered me to pair myself to you as your mate and have offspring fathered by you.”
MacLeod stiffened hearing that as she kept talking “I’m being honest is from overhearing what you said to the federal agents about having a problem with the High Council due to your admitting to a persona change and you blowing a temper tantrum in response to them not letting go of the question. Your temper tantrum suggested to me that you don’t want to get the High Council furious with you if you talked.” 
He frowned hearing that as she continued to speak “I’m aware from Highlander sources in the city that the High Council had some angry view towards you as in ordering your assassination which they canceled that and abruptly stopped that view. There’s some rumor going around that you proved yourself worthy of being alive as a result of them changing their view.” 
He frown as she ads “I’m being honest is from my parents teaching me about relationships when they allowed me to date after I got old enough to do that. They emphasized on being honest with the date on things and not keeping secrets which could ruin the relationship enough to break up. The High Council when they ordered me to pair myself with you didn’t say anything on whether I should keep the order a secret or blab it to you which I’m being honest from seeing your reaction from talking with the federal agents subject about the High Council. I figured to myself that honestly is the best policy in getting you to accept me as your mate.”
MacLeod frowned nodded his head and heard from a male voice sounding in his mind speaking “Accept Elina period. Let me handle the High Council.” 
He spoke “I’m fine with accepting you as my mate due to you being honest which I would like honestly as a policy be upheld among the both of us. I won’t have any reason to complain about the High Council and their manipulating as in them ordering things for you and me to do if we’re both honest with each other. I won't have anything to complain about if I serve the High Council themselves”
He saw her nod her head with facial appearance appearing to show that she agreed with his words. 
He exhaled a breath and thought to himself “Should I bother mentioning what Barry told me of the penthouse being rigged along with myself rigged with devices?” 
He heard from the familiar creepy voice “Just mention the fact that your willing to serve the High Council and let Barry tell her of the penthouse rigged at a meeting in the library once you introduce her to him.” 
MacLeod frowned and spoke “Alright Elina, there’s something you should know.” 
He paused seeing a questioning look on her face which he spoke “I have been protesting to serving the High Council as if compelled to speak the words. Not entirely sure why I keep on saying words of protest despite compelled to speak them. Doesn't make any sense to me at all.”
He paused seeing that she didn’t look surprised hearing that but sensed that she was aware of what he was telling her by the look on her face. 
MacLeod spoke “Just curious what did the High Council tell you about me?”
He formed a questioning look on his face as Elina spoke “I’m aware of you being rebellious from the High Council telling me of that. Also I learned that your seemingly deathless with some unusual like abilities that no Human has which involves your eyes changing color along with some non Human abilities in you. I figured that it's the Meritanians that are manipulating you to speak your words of rebellion towards the High Council.” 
He frowned as she paused to sign in sign language which he understood her words “I met your twin Osiris who demonstrated some of those abilities to me. He did warn me that you have twin power abilities like he does and is stronger in them. Also I was warned that your place of residence would be rigged with devices to eavesdrop on conversation which I’m sure there’s something like that in this room.” 
MacLeod exhaled a breath seeing her hand signs which he signed “I have a guest here named Barry who acts as my advisor on helping me with my powers and it was him who told me of the place rigged with devices. I’m told that the library is the most private of the entire residence due to that the listeners aren’t that blabby.” 
He saw her nod her head as he heard a knocking sound on the doors behind him turned around to see James come into the room who didn’t look surprised to see Elina judging by the look on the butler’s face. 
MacLeod frowned as James spoke “Barry asked me to tell you that he’s in the library reading a book if you want to talk to him.” 
He spoke “Thanks James.” 
MacLeod added “James, this is Elina who I’m interested in having living in my residence to help me with some problems.” 
He saw James nodded his head which he continued speaking while turning sideways “Elina I would like to go to the library to show you to Barry and have a talk with him.”
MacLeod stared at Elina who spoke “I’m fine with that.” 
He reached out an arm and watched as she walked up to him to take his arm which he left the TV room and escorted her to the library room which he paused to remove her hands then opened the doors. MacLeod saw Barry inside that put down the book he appeared to be reading while looking at him and Elina appearing to not be surprised to see her. MacLeod pushed Elina gently into the room then shut the doors behind him which he stood in the room. 
He spoke “This is Elina. Elina, this is Barry.”
He heard Barry speak “Nice to meet you Miss Soto.” 
MacLeod heard an edge in Barry’s voice tone that made him think the Builder was up to something which he spoke “She admitted to me with honesty that she was ordered by the High Council to pair herself to me and that she has met my twin Horus himself, who informed her of some of my special abilities.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Interesting anything else?”
He eyed Elina who appeared to be shyly staring at the floor which he added “She’s aware of me and my rebellious attitude towards the High Council. I admit that the words I speak towards the High Council on not serving them is via compulsion. Also I still don't want to serve them. It's my feelings towards the group is reason why I don't want to do this. I told her that the library is the most private of the whole place from what you told me.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Tam, do you object if I have a private conversation with her alone?”
He sighed and spoke “No I don’t mind if Elina doesn’t mind.”
MacLeod shifted to stare at Elina who spoke eyes still staring at the floor “I don’t mind.” 
He heard the nervousness in her voice sighed went to her to place hands on her arms and gently kissed her on the forehead while hearing her sigh softly. 
He removed his hands and spoke “Barry, I’ll be in the gym room practicing.”
MacLeod heard nothing from Barry went to the doors opening and closing them behind him. He went to the gym room opening the doors and once inside sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises finding his clothes stretching along with him. MacLeod once done with the stretching got up with a karate swung up move and began doing a Kata in white belt status which he figured that he’ll do a Kata in each belt color till Barry arrived with Elina. MacLeod practiced till he got to a red belt Kata and sensed himself spied on which he eyed the door in the middle of doing karate to spot Barry looking at Elina while she was staring at him doing his movements with widen eyes. 
He ended the Kata with a bow towards the two and stood staring at them as Barry spoke “You seen of anything like that before Elina?”
He frowned at Barry’s question which she looked at Barry and spoke “I saw recordings of him and others doing what’s called Combative Arts. I’ve seen others doing it but they don’t appear to be doing the movements fluid and graceful like I’ve seen with him doing it.” 
MacLeod frowned hearing that as Barry spoke "So what did you tell from mind scanning MacLeod's mind Elina?"
He stiffened hearing Barry's words to frown eyeing Elina who didn't say a word in response instead eyed Barry with a glare he gulped seeing. 
He saw Barry's face turn glaring while hearing the male speaking "Tank, Merra, you have something you want to admit hmm?"
MacLeod gulped hearing that from Barry as he heard blared in his mind a familiar creepy voice sounding odd to him "Jeez Barry you ruin my fun torturing the High Council with this latest joke hahah."
He continued to gulp as he found the voice was male and appeared to belong to a Meritanian despite sounding creepy to him making him nervous. 
He heard a faint roaring noise sounding angry to him as Tank's voice continued blaring in his mind "Anything you want to admit Barry on why I'm playing jokes onto MacLeod hmm?"
MacLeod frowned to eye Barry finding the male speaking in a foreign language he recognized as Terra's language of Tago and found himself transported to the High Council's throne room with the male there. He found his arms restrained from behind via bony hands he gulped peering to see belonged to Mindbender fully with the creepy bony form in control. 
MacLeod gulped while eyeing the High Council as Barry was in the room speaking "Appears that Tank and Merra are playing jokes again."
He kept on gulping out of nervousness as he found himself compelled to speak spoke in response "I will serve you High Council without undivided loyalties."
MacLeod heard the desperation in his voice tone heard a faint rumbling growl from Mindbender behind him making him annoyed to blurt it. He clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as Barry looked his direction before focusing onto the High Council.
He heard from Barry "That's Tank and Merra doing it actually. I figured out a way of telling when Tank and Merra are in a jokey mood. It appears I still got my familiar sense involving what I detected from the big three is now going to their siblings."
MacLeod frowned but didn't comment a response as the speakers raised their heads followed by making defensive positions and growling angrily. He frowned finding them indicating someone hidden nearby them. He kept on watching them speakers kept on thrusting their weapons forwards while growling angrily. MacLeod frowned as the speakers quit and resumed their docile head bowed positions followed by raising their heads. 
Barry spoke "Seems like someone was body jumping again from the looks of them. I got nothing from Mindbender involving the Freeloaders hiding around here despite them using this odd name of Souler. Not sure of what's going on."
MacLeod felt Mindbender's clawed hands going up and down his arms to his confusion till he realized it wasn't the male's hands touching him. He found Mindbender next to him standing with arms folded as he continued to feel the clawed hands feeling him all over not sparing his sensitive part to his disgust. 
He grimace forming it on his face as Barry he eyed looked at him speaking Tago language he translated "Hidden reveal themselves now!"
MacLeod heard multiple whining squeals to find the hands touching him all over were belonging to multiple figures of male and female forms with a Highlander head appearance and long black hair including clawed hands. He gave them a glare eyeing each figure in the black eyes as they ignored his ahem sounds and kept on poking him all over to his disgust. 
MacLeod spoke firmly "Hands off now!"
He found the figures appearing to be a twin to Highlanders refused to stop touching him as they bared their teeth he gulped seeing two were fanged and gulped some more.
He heard "Nightwalkers, lay off of MacLeod now!"
MacLeod frowned finding the beings obeyed to stand ram rod straight as he turned around while hearing gasps from Barry and the High Council via their speakers. He turned to face the new speaker to find a male wearing a purple robe on his form and nothing else but bare feet and appeared to look like Jinks Montreal to him via facial appearance.
MacLeod frowned as Jinks in the purple robe gliding forwards as if floating in air and spoke "My name is White Shadow and I control the Nightwalkers whose nourishment is the bloody essence within your forms. You will obey me and my orders or else the Nightwalkers will be ordered to feed off you."
MacLeod gulped hearing that from Jinks who spoke in an alien creepy voice tone as he heard from the High Council via speakers "You have our loyalty."
MacLeod thought to himself as he heard silence following the speakers' words "This is going to be interesting."

The End
