MacLeod's Story 
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Tam-Mykola MacLeod found the horse managed to knock him off and took off running with him giving chase in the forest jungle. Tam-Mykola, shortened name of Tam, found himself banging into a body appearing to be female while running through the bushes. He grunted as the female elbowed him in the front along with hitting his sensitive part as he tried to keep his hands' grips onto her arms. Tam found her fighting style seemed familiar to him as she managed to get freed from his hands' grips to kick him hard in the sensitive part. It made him groan loudly along with collapsing onto the ground in pain. He grunted as the female was heard crashing away into the bushes while hearing the horse whinnying of terror before silent. 
Tam groaned laying on the ground for a lengthy time period till a voice spoke "Come to me my child!" 
Tam groaned loudly forcing himself to get up as if drawn to answer the voice he heard sounded of a female voice tone and was familiar and was compelling him to walk in a direction through the bushes. He found himself led to a clearing to find in the middle was a tree with a familiar lighted door highlighted its trunk. He felt himself compelled to keep on walking obeyed going to the tree ignoring his pains. He found a female form draping herself all over him while hearing mewing noises of an animal in a feminine like voice. Tam ignored the female to throw a punch into her face despite his senses blared warning. He found the female's form stopped the draping and left him along with the cat's meows silent as he again heard the familiar voice. Tam went to the tree unstopped and pulled the door opened to show a stairwell going down that was lighted by glowing lights. He found the stairwell ended with a door inside the tree that appeared to be covered with mist around the feet and sides. 
He sighed and spoke out loud "I have no place here on Aire as this world is called for being different from Humans. Namely my all black eyes and mental abilities the Airans' as their calling themselves, refer as Osiris's work. He's the King of their hell the Lord of the Underworld and referred in a negative term."
Tam sighed and without a word walking into the tree finding the door slammed shut with a bang behind him. He grunted to turn around putting a hand onto the doorknob only to find it disappear in a misty like move. 
He groaned out loud "Well I'm committed to the path so I'll go."
Tam walked down the stairs reaching the door to reach a hand towards the doorknob only to find it disappear like a watery movement when he tried to grip it. He reached a hand towards the door to knock onto it. Only to find the door disappear in a watery like move. He found himself facing a vertical pond of water that began to glow of light he finding a round metal gated arch appearing in sight behind the water. Tam sighed and looked back towards the door to the tree's entrance hearing faint pouncing noises onto it. 
He shrugged and spoke "Not my problem."
Tam walked into the water finding himself floating in the liquid like he had to swim towards the gated arch that kept on glowing. He forced himself to swim towards the gated arch that seemed lengthy deep underwater as he found the tree entrance getting further and further away. Tam frowned as he swam deeper into the water towards the gated arch he finding himself urged to breathe as he felt pressure onto his body. He ignored the urge and kept on swimming towards the gated arch that seemed to be deeply leading him further into the water. He swam lengthy with no ground till he felt like he had an urge to breathe that became too much for him and opened his mouth allowing in water into his lungs. Tam coughed multiple times once he found his body accepting the water like oxygen which made it easier for him to swim to the glowing gated arch. He kept on swimming till he reached the gated arch to find it was over a burning eater mountain that had eaters throwing itself out of it while still having the water around it turn to smoke. Tam groaned softly and forced himself to swim into the eater finding it burning off his clothes as he dived into the metal gated arch which he found himself passing out unconscious once he went through.

Tam shook his head of sleepiness to find himself sagging on the horse while the reins were dangling as the animal had her head. He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs she appearing to be freaked out scared of something. Tam eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him with green eyes sight of night vision clear as day with his eyes. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby making his senses blare warning giving him a feeling of joy instead of fear to his confusion. He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a foreign animal he didn't recognize that made him think the word of dinosaur. He found the dinosaur that gave up a roaring sound while baring fanged teeth. He eyed the dinosaur that charged towards him which he forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet hearing her whinny sound of terror. He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound guided her towards it due to knowing that the dinosaur would give up chase if he and the mare went into the water which they arrived to the water and got inside. Tam felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he heard the dinosaur roar behind him as the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. He looked behind him with frustration seeing the dinosaur on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away that he would have to take another route through the forest to get to his destination. 
Tam spoke out loud "It's a holiday today. I promised Mom that I would be home for the holiday from the Elves' home base where I'm currently receiving training." 
He found himself shocked with what he said as he gently patted the horse on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating an animal hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. He stiffened from the feeling of joy hitting him felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing another dinosaur that bared its fanged teeth gnashing them.
Tam heard himself gasped out "Oh no!" 
He urged the horse in another direction away from the dinosaur who gave up a loud roar behind him as he allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her. Tam looked behind him to see the dinosaur was behind them running after them. He stiffened seeing that feeling of joy hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse as he felt confusion hitting him also while thinking to himself. 
"What's going on with me feeling happy and not scared?"
Tam heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of the ocean's waves sounding loudly from the Elves' island base home. He gasped for air as he heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the dinosaur hadn't given up chase. Tam groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the dinosaur behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes while hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the dinosaur behind him still chasing. Tam found to his fear his familiar feeling of happiness kept on hitting him as there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. Tam heard the dinosaur roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing the animal. Tam felt bravery hitting him, gripped the reins and urged the horse away from the cliff's edge and got the dinosaur's back to it near the edge as a idea came to his mind. He ordered the horse to rear up each time towards the dinosaur's front making the dinosaur back up towards the edge. He found himself still happy from the feeling instead of fearful as the mare was sensed scared underneath him but obeyed to his orders of till the dinosaur reached the edge and refused to budge from the horse's manipulations. Tam felt fear take control unexpectedly taking away his happy feeling, as the horse gave off a loud whinnying sound and without his command took off in a direction with the cliff overhang off his right. He again looked behind him to see the dinosaur was again giving chase. Tam looked off his right as the horse continued to gallop which his eyes spotted a rope bridge coming into view urged the horse towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of but he wasn't sure if the bridge could hold the horse and figured he'll risk it. He forced the mare onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each hoof step. Tam heard a loud roar behind him which he looked to see the dinosaur was still on the cliff at the rope bridge's entrance still roaring away. He felt himself still nervous as he guided the horse slowly over the rope bridge and forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below which he glimpsed it in a waterfall. He felt vertigo from looking down making him dizzy which he forced himself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. He felt the dizziness continue as the horse continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from her movements tipping back and forth. Tam heard the horse give off a loud whinnying while stopping abruptly instead of walking forwards which he looked behind to see the dinosaur was gnawing at one of the ropes holding up the bridge. He looked away and urged the horse to walk faster over the rope bridge finding themselves halfway through it to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the dinosaur's gnawing. He found the horse obeyed to his urging hurriedly got across to the cliff wall revealing a cave entrance and nothing else around it. He got the horse onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard behind him. He looked to see one of the ropes of the bridge had given away and it was sagging off its side as he again heard the familiar roaring noise from the dinosaur again. He shifted to face the cave entrance from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel his familiar joyful feeling for he always felt safe in caves than out in wide spaces. Tam forced the horse into the cave forcing the mare to take her time walking in it. He sighed despite clad in his military combat uniform minus his guns due to the base had refused to let him take them with him to his destination as the mare walked through the cave passageway seemingly endless seemed to go around in bends of circles. He looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing which he figured to himself were entrances to bottomless pits making him more nervous and urged the horse to continue traveling faster. Tam gasped as the horse stumbled slipping her feet but avoided knocking him off along with keeping herself standing. He again urged the horse to continue to keep on gasping each time the horse stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks he saw was really ice which he kept a tight hold onto the reins urging the mare to keep going. He gulped for air through his mouth as the horse kept on her slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling the horse was moving to keep herself warm as she kept up her slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. He continued to hold the reins as the horse traveled through the cave still slipping and sliding away till his eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over due to him being a hybrid Human with some animalistic night vision traits put in him. It was for being created that way via medical experiments done onto him from the Elves' obsession with a Human hybrid servant named Mindbender who was never seen by any species other than the Elves themselves. He recalled that Mindbender always wore odd clothes and an entirely covered head mask when in front of his presence for training him in combative art moves. Despite he finding himself spied on by an all covered up male wearing a military uniform with a barrel shaped mask that appeared to be the Elves' hidden leader. The Leader appeared to be a mind walker like the Elves themselves that was seemingly communicating silently towards Mindbender on what to train him in combative art moves in. Tam recalled that mind walkers used mental mind chats to him for ordering him to do combative art training he confused to why he was singled out among the Humans to learn it from the Elves. He sighed from the memory he finding the Elves' hidden leader mostly talked through Mindbender broadcasting within his mind the leader's talk and kept on calling him the name of Nightwalker instead of his actual name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod including talk on he needing to return despite it not explained what he meant. He kept on sighing as he wound up focusing himself onto the horse's ride he figuring that they were near an Elf manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway to Elves living underwater underneath a dome. He sighed figuring that he was safe for now only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of sounds unfamiliar was heard coming from the passageway in the cave along with hearing the horse giving off whinny. Tam forced the horse to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls put there by the Elves who first discovered the cave passageway. He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of noises while giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous as the sparks flew from them. He heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound forced the mare passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. He found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision again resumed blaring in his eyesight. Tam found himself hit with a feeling of joy as he found the ground according to the horse no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river. He forced the horse to travel through the cave passageway following the river that slowly moved sensing himself becoming braver by the feeling of happiness hitting him. He sighed as the horse traveled through the river splashing loudly till the river came to an end and then there was sounds of crunching noises as they entered an apparent by sight vast cave room. He looked down with a frown at the noises' source to feel fear hitting him again seeing that the earth was littered with bones indicating both Humanoids and animals from glimpses of skeleton heads seen indicating both. Tam looked up as if drawn despite told never to look up period or suffer bad luck. He saw above on a cave wall clinging to it was appearing to be sleeping was a large scaly four footed dinosaur similar sized as a full grown Human male he recognized was a dubbed a Dragon for belching out fire towards people and animals when capturing them for eating, that was appearing to wake up from sleeping status by head shaking. He continued to eye the Dragon that appeared to struggle from sleeping status as the horse crunched through the field of bones that seemed vast to him all around and let the mare have her way with the path due to sensing she would find the way out for him. Tam stiffened as the Dragon woke up belching up of fire and twisted its two horned bony head to eye him making him nervous as he eyed the animal. He urged the horse to hurry as the Dragon he saw adjusted its form to climb down from the cliff wall heading towards him. He felt nervousness hitting him as the horse entered a cave passageway that seemed low in ceiling and closer all around him making his fear of enclosed spaces hit unexpectedly. He gasped loudly as there was a loud roaring sound heard behind him along with heat of an eater felt on his back which he forced the horse to move quickly through the passageway feeling her nervousness hitting as day vision flashed abruptly. He looked behind towards the cave entrance to see it illuminated by eaters of the Dragon along with day vision flashing then stopped followed by night vision becoming dominant. Tam exhaled a breath feeling himself a bit relieved to see that the Dragon made no move to enter the passageway and have passed the danger of the animal's trap looked ahead of him to concentrate onto the path finding the cave passageway had jagged rocks dangling from the ceiling that made him bent low on the horse to avoid banging into them or causing a rockslide by the knocking off. He stiffened as there were sounds of rocks falling behind him abruptly making him more nervous as he looked to see part of the cave passageway had fallen showing piles of rocks nearby. He stiffened seeing the rock pile feeling himself more fearful. He forced himself to breathe slowly through his nose as he repeatedly ducked avoiding jagged rocks dangling in the cave passageway still feeling himself panicking but forced himself to be calm. He continued to hear sounds of rocks falling as the horse traveled through the cave which he heard noises becoming louder and louder as they reached the end of the cave showing a vast cave passageway with noises he recognized belonged to bats living in it overhead. Tam felt fear hitting him from stories of bats said by the Elves to attack manoids traveling through caves by hitting them with their bodies knocking them unconscious followed by feeding onto them as a meal. The horse continued to walk through the cave while Tam as if drawn eyed the ceiling overhead to spot too many to count bats clinging to it that rounded in a circle showing an entrance high above. He lowered himself onto the horse as he saw the bats abruptly flew all over and around him in numerous directions some felt hitting him while hearing the mare whinny repeatedly. He kept his tight hold onto the horse as she kept on walking while still feeling the bats hitting him. Tam felt the hitting stop raised his form to see the bats most of them were gone through the ceiling entrance as he felt relief as the horse entered a cave passageway that didn't seem cold to him or indicate animals travelling in it. He sighed softly only to groan of fear as rumbling vibrations was felt along with feeling of heat hitting him which he figured that they were traveling near a lava pathway hence the heat and rumbling vibrations. 
He mentally thought to himself "I wish I could keep my promise to Mom that I'll get to her in time for the Candlemas celebrations." 
He groaned as the heat became more blaring making him sweaty unexpectedly as he urged the horse continued to walk through the passageway that didn't resists to his urging. He groaned softly each time there was rumbles of earth shakes felt while looking around all around him seeing the cave was not just of earth but included metal scattered imbedded in the walls and ceiling all around him which he figured were holding the passageway from collapsing. Tam groaned as the heat continued to blare as there were openings in the cave passageway dripping of liquid he knew by instinct wasn't water but acid judging by them hitting the ground causing smoke to form. Tam urged the horse through the heated cave passageway making her continue despite her attempts to stop and her peals of protest indicating drinking statuses. He kept it up till the heat and rumbling vibrations slowly went away as they traveled through the cave passageway till coldness hit unexpectedly making him feel no longer sweaty. He sighed from the coldness and thought of his name of Jinks by the Elves' hidden leader, and wondered by he was always given that bad luck nickname as his call sign instead of his actual name of Tam Mykola. Tam groaned softly finding the horse able to move through the snowy ground. He shivered from the cold as there was a loud roaring noise heard making him panic recognizing the noise as a dinosaur from the sounds. Tam shook from the noises as the mare continued to travel through the cave which he heard water running unexpectedly heard the horse give off excited sounds and figured that she was terribly thirsty. He guided her through the cave passageway feeling himself nervous of when a dinosaur would pounce on them unexpectedly as there was a small waterfall come into view from the wall which he felt the horse needed a drink urged her towards it. He ran his fingers through the waterfall finding it was harmless water and leaned towards it taking gulps of water while allowing her to have her fill from the stream of water seeing that she was terribly thirsty from how lengthy she drank. He again guided her out of the cave passageway as he traveled through a cave passageway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding familiar to him making him look up unexpectedly to see with fear a giant scaly animal he recognized as some giant dinosaur like crocogator as the Elves refer them, appearing to be biting at the see through ceiling above him and not having success in breaking it till the ceiling's look stopped showing rocks in place with plants. Tam forced the mare to ignore the plants despite her whinnying and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them. He gasped as he saw bones of a Human hanging from the plants and figured it was a living plant that would ensnare Humans. He urged the horse through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it making him nervous in being captured by the plant's whims. Tam eyed the plant warily as they both traveled through the cave passageway finding himself easily avoiding the plant's limbs. He felt wind blowing into the cave passageway as the plant ended making himself relieved but still nervous. Tam urged the mare through the cave to find themselves exiting the cave passageway and into fresh air of outside which he saw was actually a cliff hang with a rope bridge over a river leading to another cave entrance. 
He groaned out a soft groan and mentally spoke "When will I get out of traveling through the path? It's freaking me out, making me wonder what purpose it means to the Elves." 
He groaned softly and urged the horse onto the rope bridge forcing himself to not look down despite always feeling some fear as the mare traveled onto it. He breathe hard through his mouth as the rope bridge again swayed from hoofs manipulating as they reached the cave entrance which they both went inside. He felt nervousness take hold as the horse galloped through the cave passageway he saw was entirely rounded all over and appeared to be made out of machine from the looks of it and was big and large enough for a horse and rider to gallop through it. He sigh feeling himself safe from harm as he again urged the horse through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest which he allowed her to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance. He sighed as the horse stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants. He looked up to spot high above him was a shimmery shine in view he figured that they were now near a dome that covered the Elves' outdoor dominated habit territory and was put in place to keep dinosaurs from targeting the Elves themselves despite they uncaring on dinosaurs feeding off Humans.
He continued to ride which he heard "Beep, beep, beep."
Tam groaned hearing the noises making him nervous as the greenery in front of him rumbled showing a three horned towering overhead dinosaur with fanged teeth which he spied a metal collar around its neck with a jeweled object in the middle of it as the beeping noises continued loudly. He stiffened of fear hitting him recognizing the noises coming from the dinosaur's collar warning manoids of whenever a domesticated dinosaur was near. He heard the horse whinny as he got her to continue into the forest making her gallop out of sight and away to spy behind him was the dinosaur giving chase with the beeping noises sounding loudly. He continued to feel fear hitting him as the dinosaur's beeping noises was joined by multiple beeping noises sounding all over the place all around him to him. He saw a path indicating horse back travel use and figured that he'll take it to keep himself safe from running into dinosaurs hidden in the forest despite beeping noises heard all around. He urged the horse to run with him nervous himself still guiding her over the path while hearing noises of domesticated dinosaurs roaring all around him overtaking the beeping noises. 
He felt nervousness hit him as he continued galloping away thinking "Please don't let us bump into a dinosaur accidentally or have them target my ride until I'm done with her. I don't think I can stand travel through this forest without her." 
Tam found to his fear his plea ignored as they again bumped into a dinosaur by she rearing up again whinnying as the path curved towards the right. He halted the horse to see a dinosaur a familiar one come out of the bushes gnashing fanged teeth while wearing a metal collar around its neck. He urged the horse to gallop away onto the horse path as he heard multiple beeping noises sounding all around him instead of dinosaur roaring noises. He continued to bump into dinosaurs indicating that they were hungry and wanted to eat by aiming their mouths towards him and the horse along with giving chase through the forest as he and her traveled on the path. He halted when he saw a large structure loomed in sight unexpectedly showing the path leading towards it seeing a metal wall with a large metal a sign next to it as he heard zapping of electricity sounds behind him loudly halting dinosaurs' following progress. He looked behind him to see the familiar three horned dinosaur was still in the vicinity making steps towards him and witnessed the metal collar's jewel glow along with electricity zapping sounds heard coming from it as the animal backed up along with resuming stepping towards him with collar glowing again each time which would cause it to back up. 
Tam sighed feeling himself safe for now shifted to read the sign saying “MacLeod.” 
Tam frowned finding the sign was not in Elves' familiar written language. He wound up to looked around the area seeing he was in some clearing and saw that there wasn’t an entrance to the city as the dinosaur sounded again followed by multiple dinosaurs roaring again. He felt himself still nervous from the noises but felt his fearful feeling that had taken hold. Tam clung to the reins as the horse took off galloping with the city walled dome off his right. He found she refused to budge with her running path or obey his orders of getting her into a direction as she kept on galloping. He clung to her as he figured that she was taking him towards the city's dome entrance and glimpsed it in view. He allowed the horse to have her head leading him towards the dome's entrance which on arrival he found the doors open instead of closed like he thought they would be to his relief. Tam heard a roar behind him as he paused the horse from galloping to look to see the bushes rumbled showing a dinosaur coming out that stood and roared at him with mouth gaping. He heard the horse give off neigh and found himself thrown off landing on the ground getting a headache and shutting his eyes as she reared backwards.

Tam shook himself of the sleeping status to find himself compelled to wake up. He obeyed to find himself lying in a large cave with an indentation of a rocky door in the wall. He frowned as he found himself bare of clothes while spotting on the wall nearby was a shiny object that appeared to have a humanoid male shape that was still and round. 
He frowned and went to the object he thinking "Its a Human wearing armor that was hung."
Tam went to the armored Human to pull off the helmet finding nothing in place but bones of another manoid that appeared to not be Human to him by the two fanged teeth jutting from the mouth. He frowned as he heard a squeak sound to find the door indentation lifted up showing a familiar doorway. Tam frowned as he found himself dropping the helmet to go to the door finding it slam shut once he neared it. He got an image of a male Human with fanged teeth appearing to be naked in the room diving underneath the rocky door only to find it slam onto the male's waist bringing black blood as the form shriveled up to dust. Tam frowned as he eyed the door and went to it attempting to raise it. He again got another image in his mind of a fanged Human male lifting the door and ducking underneath it. The fanged Human wound up only to get form to dust when hitting a wall of jutting knives behind the door. Tam frowned but forced himself to abandon his door manipulating and went to the armor yanking it off the wall. He found the bones inside turned to dust as he got the armor onto the floor. Tam sighed and put on the armor with a great deal of difficulty due to not sure how to put them on. He once he put on the helmeted wear found the door open entirely showing no knifed wall. Tam walked through the doorway finding the door slammed shut behind him along with a set of stairs appear in front of him going up with a sunlight shining overhead. Tam frowned as he spotted on the walls accompanying the stairs were writings appearing to be one word written over and over.
Tam read "Terra."
He frowned at the word Terra that was in various handwritings but same language written all over the walls. Tam found an object bang against his armor from above that hit the stairwell with a clink sound. He frowned finding the object was a pen appearing to be Human made. 
He figured to himself "I'm supposed to write something on the wall with the pen."
Tam proceeded to pick up the pen and found a bare spot on the wall and scrawled in the Elves' written language as if drawn "MacLeod."
He felt himself confused to why he wrote the wording as he found the walls' language change to show other words other than Terra on it. He found different wording indicated of names to him as the walls turned white appearing to erase everything then became rock hard. Tam sighed and dropped the pen and forced himself to go up the stairs into the sunlight he figured as he found himself compelled to shut his eyes which he obeyed.

Tam shook his head of the sleeping status as he twisted his form to eye the horse and saw her going inside the dome's doors entrance to find the dinosaur gave chase only to halt outside the doorway by banging its front onto the top of the entrance and appearing to struggle to follow. Tam eyed the dinosaur warily as he crawled towards the wall near the entrance to see the animal shaking its head then shifted to eye him while giving off a roaring sound. Tam was quickly onto his feet sensing adrenaline in control overtaking his fear eyeing the dinosaur while feeling himself brave unexpectedly as the animal charged towards him. He threw himself into an acrobatic air move out of the way of the charge. He saw the dinosaur's charge had made it get away from the entrance seeing the doors sliding shut in a slow move. He ran towards the entrance while hearing a roaring sound behind him. He quickly darted inside throwing himself inside as the doors' opening became narrower and narrower. He hit the metal ground with a grunt sound to find himself partially inside the room adjusted his form to get it completely inside as the dinosaur was seen by him charging towards him. He lay inside the room eyeing the dinosaur and the doors willing them to shut quickly, shut his eyes. Tam heard the sound of a faint bang sound followed by multiple banging sounds jerked open his eyes looking around seeing that he was safe with the mare and the dinosaur was no where in sight. He got up and he grabbed the reins and took her into the airlock while manipulating doors. 
He waited as the familiar computer voice dubbed Eli by the Elves spoke "Adjusting oxygen levels. It's safe to go through. Welcome to Terra, Macleod."
He felt himself confused to why he was hearing Eli's words as he found himself obeying to go through the airlock. Tam led the horse out of the airlock into Elves' dome while breathing the air deeply. He sighed and mounted the horse then urged her to gallop finding no protest from her and found her leading him towards the city despite him not doing any manipulating towards the horse. Tam felt himself not nervous as he and she entered the city boundary after a bit of riding. He sensed from her that she was leading him towards the city location where she came from by her memory of the city and she appearing to be headed towards there. 
He saw loomed in sight was tall towering buildings with glass entrances including one standing where the horse stopped having an old Human male dress in some fancy uniform that spoke "I'll take the horse to the stable while you go inside. It's Candlemas anyway and judging by the looks of your uniform you should be home." 
Tam obeyed to get off the horse and handed the reins towards the male who walked in a direction towards a building across the street which he walked inside the building via its glass entrance. Tam found the elevator to the floor of where his Mom's apartment was held pressed the button and stood waiting for the thing to go up which it obeyed to his order. 
He found the elevator stopped once reaching the floor and heard a computer electronic male like voice speak instead of doors opening like he hoped "Identify yourself and purpose of the visit now."
Tam heard himself speak "Tam-Mykola MacLeod call sign Jinks here to see my Mother Victoria Thunder for Candlemas as oath I would." 
He heard in response "Hold on while I check your identity."
Tam figured that one of the trusted servants, was James, who considered himself a son of his Mother, was speaking through the computer and hadn't yet met him in person or knew what he looked like hence the computer's wording sounding like that indicating on that to him. He stood impatiently waiting and removed his round helmet off his shoulder length brown haired head to clasp into his hands' grips. 
Tam frowned as the computer voice spoke again "Entry granted. Your ID has been clarified."
He sighed and found the doors opening to his relief to walk into the hallway to find a younger woman with all black hair having a smiley look on her face he recognized her as his Mother, he unsure of why she was always young looking. She he saw was followed by an unfamiliar male looking young as his age and seemingly having a concerned look on his face he assumed was James who saw himself a son of his Mother. 
Tam frowned as his Mother reached him to hug him in a tight hug he hugging her back while hearing her speaking loudly "MacLeod, you came like you promised you would." 
Tam spoke as his Mother stopped hugging him to show tears coming from her eyes "I aim to keep my oaths, Mother. I wouldn't let anything stop me from keeping my oath to you regardless of how I got to here."
He eyed his Mother who in response hugged him again and heard her speak "All that matters to me is I have my children safe sound at home for Candlemas like I wanted." 
He wound up mentally thought to himself as he let his Mother hug him "If only if you knew of the path I took to get to here."
He didn't protest as his Mother stopped hugging him and led him further into the apartment towards where the Candlemas celebrations were ongoing at the moment.
Tam saw darkness arriving to his eyesight that confused him to find the hallway's end glowing of light and a male voice speaking "It's not your time yet so return now."
Tam frowned as the light stopped shining followed by darkness arriving as he saw nothing more and felt nothing else happening to him.

Tam woke up with a start opening eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls while still clad in his armored clothes minus his helmet. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his hair that was long black colored that appeared to be of a familiar color that fell just below his shoulders. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think it was odd on his form flashed in his mind like it was foreign showing slipper shoes on his feet, tights, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form and saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on an animal that he figured was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared showing them Human with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. Tam grimaced of the memory from himself’s facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass field his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare. 
Tam frowned thinking of the memory as he recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights before he took his trip to the tree, of a female wearing some purple flowing dress with his facial appearance and black hair that spoke “You’ll remember who you are and will acknowledge me.”
He felt rage running through him seeing in his mind a bearded male with a crown on his head. He recalled from memory himself appearing to be a teenager while wearing odd clothing meeting the male who was introduced as a King named George of Lionbane and bowing in front of him.
He recalled an older blonde female he remembering saw as his Mother told him not in the King’s presence but in private “This is the man your to kill so remember that."
Tam felt disgust hitting him as he remembered the memory running through him as the female repeatedly kept telling him over the years as he grew up but as someone else that he was to kill a man named George and take his place as King. He got up from the bed and went to the foot of it to kneel despite he still in an angry mood. He felt his rage running through him as he recalled another memory. He saw a familiar black haired female giving birth to a baby, a male and denied nursing it by the familiar blonde female who he saw as his Mother which took him away. Tam felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to mediate and opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s foot. Tam recalled himself reaching the top of the stairs only to find a hallway holding two twin armored figures in male forms standing in front of him and not the sunlight. He wound up to remembered himself grabbed on the arms by the armored males and blindly hauled through the hallway to the end which showed a door. He was thrust through and from the looks of the room indicating it with religious icons drawn in the wall that had people having heads surrounded by golden halos that made him think it was religious and a monastery like place. Tam recalled fully he arrived to the room he was in his back feeling sore indicating of pain to him including a terrible headache of head pain that made him lie in bed for awhile till the pains stopped. Tam exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling ignoring the armor digging onto his body. He felt a memory come to his mind and recalled himself as a teenager wearing the familiar odd clothing fighting an older male who he saw was bearded and a bit on the overweight side with brown swords that didn’t clang when hit.
He continued to recall himself poked the sword on the male’s neck and spoke in some odd voice tone that seemed familiar with the accent “Got you, Ian.”
The male he assumed was named Ian spoke with a twin accent in twin language “Are you sure? Check where my sword is.”
He saw himself look down to see Ian’s sword poking him in the chest right over his heart. He watched from memory as himself gave up a loud roar and waved his hand along with brown sword while stomping his feet in an apparent tantrum before resuming sparring with Ian. He groaned from the memory as he exhaled a breath as the memory left his mind and he grimaced as anger arrived within him as another memory arrived in his mind. In it he was fighting an apparent older male having grey in his black hair with a mustache and a beard his mind identified as King George with some weapon his mind told him was a sword as others all around them were doing the same. He continued to watch in his mind as himself stabbed George in the chest right over the heart area who slid to the grassy ground and appeared to be dead which he raised his sword up after removing it from the male's body and gave up a loud nonsense like roaring sound. He frowned as himself went to males wearing different clothing but in similar styled while swinging the sword with some smirk on his face till some male with face seen appearing to remind him of the religious icons on the wall, and familiar came around himself and he recalled everything went black after that. Tam frowned recalling to himself that he couldn’t remember anything else and felt himself very confused to what was importance of the memories in his mind. He frowned as the memory finished playing in his mind. He stretched his arms in front of him and adjusted his position to lie on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt sleepiness and shut his eyes falling asleep. Tam dreamed of himself standing on a field wearing the familiar odd clothes on his form while having a hand on his waist where he recognized as a sword hanging from the belt. He watched as himself was glaring at a male he recognized as George both having groups of ten men surrounding them in a semi circle.
He listened as himself spoke using the same familiar accent and sounding older “What do you take of my peaceful terms sir?”
He heard from George using similar accent and sounding of twin language “I don’t agree with them and have rejected them. Think of something else.”
He continued to watch as himself spoke sounding angry “You should have agreed.”
He heard from George who spoke “Agreed to what? A foolish plan by a foolish man.”
He watched as himself yanked out the sword and swung it towards George who yanked out his sword and met him self’s sword which clanging noises were heard. He continued to watch as men all around him and George met each other pulling swords and clanging them while appearing to try to kill each other. He smelled something familiar hitting him frowned wondering what it was as the dream went black.

Tam woke up with a jerk as smells assaulted his nose making his mouth water and a grumbling feeling in his body focused onto his front which he sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front of the door was a wooden tray with block stands holding bowls indicating of something which he recognized the grumbling as himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down and helped himself to the nourishment eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. Tam saw in his mind of the black haired woman again looking older by her hair having streaks of grey that was running in a field among men fighting each other with swords she having a look of concern on her face. He continued to watch her as she ran in the field with a hand up waving it and it appeared to him she was using some mental power to guide her to something. He watched as her hand pointed down followed by her kneeling to pull a male figure from lying on his stomach onto his back he stiffened seeing it was himself having a bloody red splotch on his back area over the heart area before being turned over. He continued to stiffen as the woman stroked his face along with appearing to weep tears while gently rocking her form. He frowned as she stopped the rocking to get up and with such force started dragging him unmoving through the field ignored among men fighting each other and continued with the dragging till three women looking alike appeared standing blocking the woman’s way.
He continued to watch as the woman dropped him and spoke in a tearful voice “Terra, Erra, Merra, do something about my son! He's disappeared in my arms! I never had a chance of him acknowledging me as his Mother and want that to happen!”
He eyed the three women who spoke in unison “That’ll be done as you wish, Miranda, but it won’t be in your time. You must be patient for this will happen once nature has taken its course.”
He frowned hearing the name of Miranda, figured it belonged to the woman who burst into tears and then the darkness arrived. He jerked his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side which he resumed shutting his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious to dream of Miranda again looking very old with her hair white. Tam stiffened seeing her having ears of an Elf instead of Human ears. He kept on stiffening as Miranda opened her mouth showing fanged teeth of a dinosaur and was looking sinister to his shock. He eyed Miranda warily as she stood in a field of grass he recognized holding a fire torch and looking sad with moonlight shining dimly. He continued to watch as he saw her bring the fire torch to a pile of sticks his mind told him was wood and watched the fire spread showing a figure lying on top he recognized with effort as the blonde woman looking asleep and very old by the looks of her who had twin ears and twin fanged teeth to his shock. He frowned as the fire consumed the pile of sticks and the female who remained still.
Tam continued to dream eyeing Miranda warily who spoke “Never again you’ll have my son in your clutches Jerusha. I will have what I want, Nightwalker acknowledging me as his Mother and I’ll do what it takes to have that happen. I don’t care if there’s a price of my death for my son to acknowledge me. I will see that this happens.”
He woke up feeling himself better which he got up from the bed. He frowned recalling the names of Jerusha and Nightwalker, with confusion running through him to realize that it was the name of Miranda's son she appearing to look different than a Human or an Elf. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went towards the door to kneel in front of it as if compelled and found himself doing mediating by eyes shut and breathing slow as if he recalled doing it before despite already doing it. Tam recalled to himself as his anger ran through him a memory of himself with pointed ears and fanged teeth, appearing to be almost grown to adult age wearing odd clothing holding a brown sword sparring against a familiar bearded male having fanged teeth and pointed ears, holding an identical brown sword while appearing to be older while wearing identical clothing.
He recalled continued to spar fight the male till he knocked aside the male’s brown sword and spoke as he poked the sword into the male’s stomach “Got you hah.”
He heard from the male “Don’t let confidence overtake you despite you defeating me, Nightwalker. There are others capable of defeating you.”
He recalling the memory as Nightwalker heard himself spoke “Who cares? I want to fight and I hate it when Mother says I’m not old enough to do it.”
He watched in his mind as he heard a female voice speaking sounding behind himself “Mothers are always right and they know when children are ready.”
Tam saw Nightwalker frown who turned around to face a familiar blonde female who looked older but still quite a bit young from her olden look with fanged teeth and pointed ears of an Elf. 
He frowned as the female who continued speaking “You’re not ready to face the Destroyers, Nightwalker.”
Nightwalker he eyed spoke in a whining tone “But I want to fight, Mother.”
He eyed the female who was Nightwalker's Mother who walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder and she spoke “Don’t worry Nightwalker, you’ll get the chance to fight but not now. Wait till your older and more ready to fight even ready to be undefeated in fights.”
He eyed Nightwalker who formed a big frown on his face followed by his Mother adding “Nightwalker, resume your practice. It’s best to keep it up for you’ll be able to fight undefeated once old enough.”
He saw Nightwalker nod his head followed by his Mother letting go of his shoulder to walk away which the male turned around and resumed sword fighting with the male who halted the sparring by speaking sounding out of breath “Halt now. I need to rest.”
Nightwalker, he saw formed a glare on his face as the male went to sit down on the grassed ground near his standing Mother who spoke “What do you think Ian?”
He as Nightwalker stared at Ian he assumed was his name who spoke “Oh he’ll make a terrific fighter. The potential is there but he needs to be disciplined in the art of sword fighting, Jerusha.”
He heard the name of Jerusha, assumed it belonged to his Mother who spoke “Just as I planned.”
He saw Nightwalker still holding the brown sword shrug and began doing some movements with the weapon while appearing to be doing fighting movements along with doing some pretending like he was fighting with another. Tam snapped his mind of the memory he felt his anger abruptly leave him as a great feeling of sadness hit him and he shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly as he felt a dam inside him burst. He cried as he brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt his own bed underneath him abruptly as if he brought himself to there and he curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep to dream of Miranda. He saw her open her arms wide which he went into her arms and felt her hugging him in response. He sighed from the hug to feel himself better and released his hold on her as she did the same to put a hand on his shoulder.
He stared at Miranda who spoke “I never abandoned you after having you. You were taken away from me and raised without my influence or my say so. I just wish you would acknowledge me as the way I wanted in the first place. I was denied that opportunity of having that acknowledgement which I will have even seeing it come to fruition.”
He frowned while hearing familiar female voices speaking in unison “Not time yet Miranda.”
Tam saw Miranda form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut as he passed out unconscious. 

He woke up abruptly feeling like needing to wake up and went to a spot in the room in front of the closed wooden door and kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the memory's events flashed in his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes as the lights appeared to be dim which he heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him spun around getting up to stand with a start to see Miranda was there appearing to look solid and not ghostly looking while standing in front of his bed. Tam stared at her with a frown as she stared at him back seemingly happy to see him.
He heard from her “Remember, Nightwalker.”
He stiffened as memories as himself posing as a vampire named Nightwalker that was leader of the species dubbed Bloody or Bloodies, flashed in his mind. Tam gasped bending down putting hands on his forehead while shaking his form from shock running through him as he realized that Miranda wanted him himself to remember himself as Nightwalker's life and that the female was the male's actual Mother. He continued to feel the shocking feeling running through him as he recalled Nightwalker's life on Terra being raised by a female named Jerusha, who influenced him to kill a male, a King dubbed Lionsbane, not George, that was the leader of the Humans which he succeeded in doing during a battle and wound up killed himself from someone else he sensed had seen him doing that and killed him on Lionbane's God's orders due to recognizing the male as one of his own godly servants dubbed Lance Richard. He continued to recall that Miranda wanted someone to see Nightwalker's point of view on Terra in the conflict between Humans and Bloodies and to acknowledge her as Nightwalker's Mother and was willing to pay a price for that to happen. Tam calling himself MacLeod instead of his actual name of Tam-Mykola breathed hard through his nose as he straightened up his form to stand and removed his hands while staring at Miranda who still had that happy look in her eyes and face.
He didn’t comment a word as Miranda reached out a hand and touched him on the cheek while saying “Oh, how long I waited for this moment for you my son to be accepted in this conflict.”
He breathed deeply through his nose as he felt Miranda’s hand on his cheek that felt real to him along was clawed to his confusion with long fingernails as she continued to speak “I never stopped caring about you over the years you were raised without me raising me. I would think about you from time to time wondering how you were and wondering if you were told about me as you grew up. It appears from the looks of what I’ve seen from you in this body form you’re in now healed of your mortal wound of being stabbed in the back via sword.”
He sighed as Miranda removed her hand from his cheek after giving him scratches onto the area he refrained from grimacing of pain. 
He felt her hand went to his shoulder while she continuing talking sounding distracted “I don’t know how but the Sages took pity on me wishing to have you in my life had some messenger land on my doorstep telling me about you meeting the Destroyers' King in peace. I realized from my powers that you were my son went to the Destroyer's neutral territory for brokering out peace agreements with us Bloodies, in hopes of meeting you for the acknowledgement as you calling me Mother and I seeing you as my son. It pained me to find you dead during the midst of a battle. I pleaded to the Sages to restore you back to life. The Sages' three servants the three sisters heard my prayer and came to me telling me I would have what I want but I would have to wait for it to happen.”
He didn’t say a word as Miranda rubbed his shoulder while feeling her scratching the area despite he finding himself no longer clad in his armor, while she continuing talking “I did what I could to wait even using my powers on you to see your body remained intact and ordered you placed in a cave in a box for me to look at without opening it where I would watch on you from time to time even not letting death stop me from the watching you guarding you from harm till you were found and brought back to life and transported to this place you are now.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Miranda continued talking sounding of a little girl via the voice tone “Jerusha was really after the throne you was currently holding hence she having you kill King Lionsbane just to have an excuse to kill you via his own God Lance Richard. She wanted to be Queen and was willing to do what it takes to achieve that goal even raising my son, you to kill for the crown. She had one of her servants kill you after you killed George just to make sure that you wouldn’t take the crown for that killing.”
MacLeod frowned forming it on his face as Miranda looked towards his shoulder she appearing to be distracted and she continued talking “It’s a pity that Jerusha’s work was for nothing. One of her servants wound up betraying her confidence and talked to others in George’s circle about her goal which she wound up imprisoned and her lands and home taken away which she later died contained. I managed to convince the prison warden to let me have Jerusha’s body so I could properly depose it along with using my powers to see that her spirit was gone for good and not causing any havoc.”
He continued to stare at Miranda who without another word hugged him abruptly while grimacing from her fingernails scratching his back.
He hugged her back and felt compelled to speak which he blurt “Mother.”
He felt himself shocked by his admission as Miranda hugged him tighter quitting the nail digging sensing what he said was what she wanted from him. He hugged her in response feeling himself becoming happy from the hugging. He sighed and then groaned as she broke off the hug removing his arms to place her hands on his shoulders he again getting her familiar scratching. He stared at her as Miranda leaned forwards and kissed him on the forehead he felt was a lick of a tongue.
She added breaking off the kiss of licking “I finally have what I want and I can rest easy from that.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself kneeling facing the door with the lights overhead blaring. MacLeod jerked his eyes open with a start and got up looking around seeing nothing was amiss. He felt himself tired and needing to sleep figured he’ll do it. Still sighing he went to his bed yawning and eyed the bed with relief. MacLeod went to the bed and pulled the blankets off as he got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He eyed the ceiling overhead shining round circular like sun lights that shut themselves off abruptly plunging the room into darkness illuminating everything clearly in one color like day vision. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep despite shock of pain on his body indicated of cuts and scratches running through him. He dreamed of Miranda smiling standing on what appeared to be a cloud and then watched as she turned around and glided away sunlight becoming brighter and brighter blocking his view of her till she disappeared from his eyesight as the sunlight faded away showing nothing in its place. MacLeod asleep formed a smile realizing that Nightwalker's Mother was finally at peace and himself knowing who he was on Terra.
MacLeod mentally thought while still smiling “I am MacLeod as I will be called from now on.”
MacLeod passed out unconscious to come to smelling food triggering his mouth to water abruptly which he woke up and went to the door finding it was ajar with food in bowls sitting on a stand in the hallway lighted by glowing lights that didn't indicate of fire to him by smell hung from the walls. He felt himself confused to why the mysterious inhabitants of the place appearing to be a castle had him out of the room instead of just keeping him isolated in his sleeping room along with only dropping off nourishments once they were sure he was passed out unconscious or not aware of them doing the drop off. 
He exhaled a breath and went to the food to sit hearing a door slam sound behind him to find the sleeping room's door shut and giving off an unfamiliar noise with an odd female monotone voice speaking "Door locked."
MacLeod frowned hearing that language and voice tone felt familiar to him but wasn't sure of what it was, felt himself terribly hungry ate the food via using his hands due to unsure of how to eat them including sipping via bowl rim its liquid's contents till he was completely done eating and drinking to stand up taking a look around in the hallway he assumed was it looking like it was like a castle's walls from the looks of it except for the glowing lights to find a castle like drawbridge gate slamming down in the direction he was facing with spear points jutting from it. MacLeod exhaled a breath and inhaled turning around to go in the direction the mysterious inhabitants wanted him to go to. He followed the hallway seemingly having closed doors on both sides of him that gave up their familiar wording to him when he tried to open each of them by hand on the doorknob he assumed were they. He exhaled a breath and figured that he'll follow the hallway and give up trying doors which he proceeded to do seemingly lengthy finding a set of stone stairs going up which he followed finding himself having to use night vision he assumed was the all one colored eyesight due to the glowing lights weren't there and in place of each of them were one figure of male form covered up in all odd soft clothing that seemed to be different from his time on Aire and the planetary world's clothing who had a stick weapon in their hands that would attack him with swinging the weapon aimed at his head while trying to avoid him trying to knock the weapon out of their hands. He found himself doing movements of kicking and fisting and arm swinging that seemed odd to him like he had muscle memory of doing them despite no memory of them. MacLeod was doing them aimed at the figure enough to get them knocked off their feet hitting their backs or head appearing to have form still like unconscious. It was while hearing some loud noise that sounded like the door's noises after it slammed itself shut or tumbling down the steps after pushing them to do that. He hearing odd noises that made him confused other than hearing the familiar noises. He kept up the fighting style combat onto multiple figures he met on the stairwell till he reached the top showing a metal door in the wall ending in like a dead end. MacLeod frowned seeing the door was shut and having some beeping light blinking from something next to it his mind told him was a button panel he finding himself shocked to identify it. He eyed the panel warily till the door slid open showing a lengthy round hallway by top with light of sunlight shining through and a flat bottom floor that didn't seem to indicate anything to him as he walked into the hallway and stiffened looking up through the rounded end to see something that his mind told him was water. Including various fishes of different sizes swimming in view some swimming elsewhere he looking at the sides to find one side had a rocky wall while the other side was seemingly endless of one color of sunlight shining through and had multiple fishes swimming in sight all over. He frowned but followed the hallway till he reached the end to find a see through door from mind identifying it. Three males standing behind it two forming blank expressions on their faces while the third had some glaring expression on his face despite arms folded all clad in some odd colored clothes that was different from his own clothing. 
MacLeod frowned eyeing the arm folded male who had a Human like face but had pointed ears of an Elf in the eyes his mind said "Captain." 
He frowned of the wording in his mind as he continued to eye the arm folded male who jabbed a finger aimed in his direction to see the door open going sideways leaving nothing in place of him. The three males as the arm folded male resumed folding his arms while giving off a familiar sound he feeling confused to what it was. Till he stiffened getting a headache hitting his head to rub a hand on his forehead while grimacing visibly on his face to get memories of a male named Tam-Mykola MacLeod given the name of Jinks for being a member of the military group run by the Elves on Aire. It was due to its eternal darkness status on one side of the planet while eternally sunlight in the other side. Reportedly like that from its twin sized planet unsure of the name and not yet explored, orbiting the planet locking it in it sided status. The other planet was locked in that status as well as both planets traveled around the sun in some big circle like status with other uncounted number of planets in the system. MacLeod figured he'll take the MacLeod name as he frowned eyeing the arm folded male he recognized as Captain Fatherland as dubbed one of the Elves' commanders of the military group involving Humans on Aire. 
He spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Sir something I can do for you?"
He frowned at the accent and language use he used that sounded different from the Humans' language and accent as he eyed Captain Fatherland who rolled his eyes before focusing onto him and jabbing a finger aimed at him and forming his familiar noises. He figured was throat clearing to realize that he was only clad in a pair of tight shorts covering his sensitive part and seat and nothing else on his form or shoes on his feet. 
MacLeod recalled fully what Captain Fatherland was indicating spoke "Excuse me sir but where can I get properly attired?"
He frowned eyeing Captain Fatherland who spoke "Come along." 
MacLeod wordlessly followed Captain Fatherland finding the blank faced expression males appearing to be Elves, taking up the rear. He found them in a hallway twin to the one he was in before indicating the water scene seemingly lengthy till a door of metal came into sight. 
He saw split in two showing an all metallic square room he figured was an elevator which he got inside and heard Captain Fatherland order "Deck Two now."
He recalled the military's home base was underwater in the sunlight portion of the planet. It's due to that it was completely filled with water with no land seen and had underwater homes and bases for people to live in. MacLeod recalled that the group's home base was secretly in its underwater spot. It's due to how nasty the sea life and weather elements were toward manoids traveling in the area who avoided it like myth like sea tales. That despite the group successfully managed to build their base there and trained the domesticated sea life to warn them of when people were attempting to come into the area to do their explorations. Sabotage would be done onto those people's sea vessels enough to kick them out. MacLeod frowned as the elevator stopped followed by throat clearing noises from Captain Fatherland as he felt a needle dart get into his neck putting him unconscious.

MacLeod saw himself on a horse was riding on it reared up knocking him off the animal's back onto the ground his helmet flying off and him hitting his head hard onto a rock and appearing to be knocked out unconscious. As a dinosaur he recognized from memory, chased the horse running away into the forest. He continued to remember being hospitalized and later told by doctors to his disgust once on awaking up with memories not fully in his mind that the Guardian force of Elizabethtown didn't come for him till a group of domesticated Human sized dinosaurs were seen gathered near the area he laid. They seen trying to get near him to eat his body but their collars on their forms kept them away repeatedly indicating on something. They came out and found him lying there and brought him inside for medical care including of declaring him dead to his family on orders of the Elves who run Aire with their control who contacted them once his ID was confirmed. He continued to feel disgusted hitting him as an image of a tree flashed in his eyesight making him confused but focused fully in his mind eyeing it as if drawn to see a wooden door in the tree he seeing via eyesight' of a hand opening the door and showing nothing but darkness and felt a compulsion to go inside. He obeyed falling through a hole to see at the bottom was a round metal circle flashing clouds in the middle of it to fall through it. He came out finding himself in the sky heading towards water to fall into it with a splash he discovering himself in a lake. 
He forced himself to swim to the shore coming upon three females he recognized as the Sages, Terra, Erra and Merra all dressed in white robes with all black eyes, that spoke together in unison "Miranda is your name as you shall be called which we will teach you how to survive on this world to birth a son with the Father we approve shall be called by the name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod as prophesied." 
MacLeod stiffened hearing his name used to recall it was a memory of Nightwalker's Mother's existence of coming upon the Isle of Insanity as dubbed by the Elves for natives having lunatic behavior. It was on the sunlight side of the planet due to three triplet females with Human forms were seen on the island shaking their heads in a no gesture whenever anyone tried to get onto the island via boat as everything went black. 

MacLeod came to smelling something which he jerked open his eyes finding himself sitting chained in a chair clad in only his shorts on his form while underneath a spotlight. He saw in front of him was an animal his mind told him was a tiger having a collar and a chain attached led to a figure indicating a feminine form while wearing a hooded black robe covering her from head to foot he eyed her warily. 
He frowned eyeing the female to hear a male voice speaking "It is him the one born from the Miranda dubbed the name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod aka Nightwalker as he's dubbed." 
MacLeod stiffened hearing that as the male voice continued talking "What do you have to say for your defense on this accusation hmm?"
He felt himself confused spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Accusation? What are you implying?"
He jerked as he felt electrical charges hitting him from the chains wrapped around his arms and legs pinning him to the chair while grimacing fully as the male voice spoke "Miranda has repeatedly lied over the years since the death of our King George that his killer wasn't her son. She dubs him by the name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod. Despite showing some favor attitude towards the one who killed King George and preserving his body and refusing people's attempts to get it traditionally burned. Repeatedly hiding the killer's body from place to place out of King George's people's hands or attempts to burn it thwarted by her. What do you have to say about this since its obvious that your Miranda's son and murderer of King George?"
He exhaled a breath as the electrical charges stopped and inhaled to speak "Miranda, my Mother never raised me since I was born. Instead I was raised by another woman named Jerusha who used her influence without my Mother's influence to have me kill King George then she had a servant of hers kill me after I did the killing." 
MacLeod jerked grimacing feeling electrical charges running through him as he heard from the voice "You lie on this talk! You were observed power mad and wanting to be King and doing anything to achieve that King title!"
He groaned as he felt the electrical charges stop as he felt the chains released their holds off of him and himself feeling hands familiar yanking him from the chair onto the ground to put his head on a lap and hands on his face in a familiar touch he realized with a start was his Mother, Miranda back in his presence. 
MacLeod frowned as the male voice spoke "Talk Miranda on this accusation of Tam-Mykola MacLeod, being your son you showing favor towards him despite him identified as King George's killer Nightwalker."
He kept his mouth shut as he heard his Mother's voice speaking firmly "Tam-Mykola MacLeod is telling the truth on being my son and not having me raise him since birth. He was taken away from me at birth by this ancient one named Jerusha who hid him very well from me. One of her servants she trusted told me that she had a goal of being Queen of the Bloodies' species, and wanting the title to stand alone as ruler of us all influenced my son to do what it takes to achieve the King title including killing King George himself. Hence he having this attitude on wanting the King title when it was a trick to get the title herself. She called my son by the name of Nightwalker when he's not of the Bloody species but a Souler actually."
He sighed feeling his Mother's hand stroking his cheek as his head lay on her lap feeling himself no longer getting any pain and feeling his pains going away as he heard the male voice speak "Tam-Mykola MacLeod must be punished for the death of our King by his hand." 
MacLeod heard his Mother speaking "He already has been punished by being killed by another's hand appearing to be this Godly being named Lance Richard, after he killed King George himself."
He frowned hearing that inwardly as there was silence and then followed by a roaring sound that made him confused to hearing it and it sounded familiar sounding of a dinosaur to him. He found himself lying on the ground hearing electrical zapping noises sounding loudly including multiple beeping noises and an animal's noises sounding like a horse to him jerked open his eyes. He felt pain on the back of his head to find the horse standing nearby him in the clearing giving off loud neighing sounds while seeing the city's wall in his eyesight. He rolled over groaning while rubbing the back of his head feeling himself confused to why he had that dream involving some ancient legend on Terra named Nightwalker, identifying the male as himself as he got up finding his helmet in the horse's mouth who thrust it to him which he took and placed back onto his head and adjusted its pinching his chin strap to be on keeping the head gear from falling off his head. MacLeod groaned feeling himself still suffering head pain from the fall off the horse. He went to the mare and got onto her onto the saddle and gripped the reins and allowed her to have her head running with the city's fence wall off his right till the entrance arrived in sight having doors open to his relief as he and the mare went inside finding the entrance remained open. He got off the horse and manipulated the gates to get inside the city's boundary surrounded by the stone metallic fence keeping out animals and dinosaurs. He once through got back onto the horse and allowed her to gallop towards the bright lights of the city blaring in view which he guided the mare towards it to find people out and about appearing to be in the middle of Candlemas midnight celebrations from the looks of it making him groan knowing that his adoptive Mother, Victoria Thunder, wouldn't be happy with him being late arriving as promised that he would arrive to her building to see her and meet her other sons and daughters of hers and stepbrother Thurin son of her husband via another Mother. He guided the horse to the building to find a police car parked in front as he got off the horse and frowned finding the cop coming out of the building that did a double take look seeing him and flashing some flashlight onto his face making him blink from the glare before flashing a small hologram picture of his ID identifying him as Tam-Mykola MacLeod as he halted the horse to see the cop frown visibly. 
MacLeod frowned as the cop spoke to his radio "Missing person is found so cancel that silver alert now." 
He eyed the cop warily as the male added as a cop on a horse arrived into view grabbing the reins from his hands and galloping the horse away "Would you come with me Mister MacLeod?'
He frowned but gave a head bob in response as the cop got him inside his vehicle in the back and lifted it up in the air flying over the city towards the hospital he saw the building glimpsed from the sign of it indicating it and the beeline direction the car was going. He frowned as the cop landed the vehicle on the landing pad and then got him out and inside the hospital where he was thrown in multiple tests including tested on his head injury the medics saying it was seriously deadly without medical intervention hence the cop right to bring him to the hospital for a check up along with given a sleep drug to sleep off the injury which he found himself passed out unconscious. 

MacLeod woke up finding himself lying in a bed clad in shorts with a blanket on top of him that seemed to be a hospital bed judging by the machinery heard beeping all over the place as he saw an older female having Jerusha's face in an Elf form seated next to the bed holding his hand and looking like she was crying.
He blurted "Mother." 
He eyed the female his Mother who stopped her crying by wiping her tears with a cloth and stood up to lean over him gently kissing him on the forehead and still gripping his hand after straightening up her form spoke "I have one of my own miracles achieved which is you safe and sound at home for Candlemas just like I wanted." 
MacLeod sighed softly hearing that continued to eye her as she added "My sister Miranda kept her promises that you would be safe from harm regardless of what jinx befell you despite you keep on having bad luck situations happening to you over and over hence your call name of Jinks."
He exhaled a breath and gently squeezed his Mother's hand who kept talking "My husband George tried to keep me from worrying about you by saying that your military training would keep you alive while traveling through the forest jungle land dubbed Lance Richard's Kingdom to get to Elizabethtown despite the corps balking on having you flown in from their location or any location from the Summerland's eternal sunlight side to here Winterland's side despite its eternal darkness. George assures me that you'll be fine while traveling through Lance Richard's Kingdom that bordered both sides of light and dark on the way to Elizabethtown in the eternal dark side of the planet."
MacLeod frowned hearing that gave up a sigh sound and didn't protest as his Mother gently again kissed his forehead before straightening up her form and adding as she released her hold on his hand "Just rest, Jinks. You'll be out of this hospital in no time to celebrate the holidays with I and family. I can't wait for you to meet George your stepfather and your stepbrother who have heard various tales related to you being hit with injuries over the years I raised you before you went to join the Corps, hence the nickname of Jinks used onto you repeatedly over and over. I'm just surprised that the Corps is using that name Jinks as your call sign nickname instead of some other name. Oh well. Get some rest now and I assure you that you'll be fine despite your head injury." 
He gave his Mother a head bob in response as she gently forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling a rumbling vibration on top of his chest which he jerked open his eyes to see the rumbling was from a cat purring away while sitting on his chest as he looked around discovering himself in his childhood bedroom at his Mother's apartment and recognized the cat as Miss February as she was dubbed by his Mother with no explanation given. He frowned as Miss February got up arching her back to lick his face with her rough tongue before jumping off the bed and going through the bedroom door having a cat door for her. MacLeod got up finding the time indicated it was late morning despite the night vision still through his eyesight. He found himself clad only in his shorts which he went to a dresser and pulled on a pair of pants and a long sleeve top and slippers onto his feet and left the bedroom going downstairs to the living room to find his Mother there seated on a couch with a male next to her that had King George's looks complete with the mustache and beard but had shorter black hair including noticing a young male looking his age but younger appearing to be an adult with facial appearance twin to the one who killed him as Nightwalker from his dream he assumed was it as a dream scenario, illuminated by the bright lamps in the room and the fire at the fireplace burning away. 
He frowned as his Mother got up from the couch and spoke "This is my son Tam-Mykola MacLeod. This is George my husband and this is your stepbrother, his son, Lance Richard." 
MacLeod spoke as George got up from the couch to offer his hand he shaking it "Nice to meet you sir." 
He clamped his mouth shut once they finished hand shaking to eye the stepbrother who gave a hand wave towards him and appeared to be having some device in his hands he was busy thumbing it away after stopping the hand wave to resume looking down at it. He frowned eyeing the stepbrother as George was heard "Don't mind my son. He's obsessed like males nowadays with this device called cell phone enough to spend hours on it and sending millions of text email messages onto it to his friends including a girl he's love struck on at the moment. He habitually likes girls and keeps up trying to bankrupt me in trying to impress them enough to get them to date him despite not getting it that being himself is the best way to go like what happened with your Mother and I falling in love and getting married. So sorry that you weren't able to get away from your training duties to attend the wedding due to your Commander not finding that wedding as an excuse to see us but he relented on allowing you here for Candlemas and New Cycle Day holiday like I heard he relent on letting others in the military be allowed to spend the holidays with their family before returned back to service. Anyhow there's gifts for you underneath the tree waiting for you to open. We already opened our gifts and left them displayed around the tree. The wrapped presents are for you actually."
MacLeod frowned but went to the Candlemas tree to find five wrapped presents one from his Mother by the label, he opened finding it was an armored helmet which he tried on and found the helmet covered his head entirely, too much and took it off to sigh loudly before hearing from his Mother "The hospital tested you thoroughly and discovered this strap problem onto your chin area indicating it. I'm not happy that the Marine Corps didn't do anything about it despite me sending them a message via video phone to complain about that and you having a head injury from not having your helmet on securely due to that problem. The Marine Corps in response has ignored my video message instead said the same old message of 'Your message has been received and considered thank you.' Hmph."
He frowned to open a present from George to find a book he took a peek through was empty with blank pages and included a pen on the cover which he heard from his stepfather "Just something for you to jot down your thoughts while your out traveling via foot or horseback back to the Marine Corps' location wherever that is." 
He gave a head bob in response to open the third present finding it was from his Aunt Miranda to find it included a rope choker like necklace with a pendant of some purple stone attached as he heard from his Mother "Your Aunt thinks it'll bring you good luck and stop that bad luck always happening to you. She keeps on thinking that giving you various items related to her religious beliefs will help stop the bad luck happening to you and this time bring good luck despite disasters keep befell you as always." 
He shrugged in response to put on the choker necklace by chain strap and felt it seemed to fit him which he opened the fourth present finding it was from his stepbrother to find a magazine featuring women bare of clothes inside which he heard in response "Drat that son of mine for thinking you would have that attitude. Anyway hand me that magazine while I depose that thing. I don't think the Marine Corps would permit you to have it on your person." 
MacLeod exhaled a breath and held up the magazine as George took it and walked out of sight into a doorway which he opened the fifth present finding it was a box long in shape and managed with work to rip it open to find a Nightwalker like sword inside that seemed old with blood stains on it to his confusion to hear crying sounds as he picked it up to find everything all around him turning black followed by feeling himself lying in some bed bare of clothes on his form with a blanket covering him from the chest down that seemed odd to his form as he felt pain on his back all over the place that made him groan loudly while forming a grimace on his face. He heard the crying sounds of a woman stop followed by a loud gasp sound before feeling someone sitting next to him on the bed to grip his hand and rubbing a hand on his forehead as he continued to shake the sleepiness from him jerking open his eyes looking around to see a stone like circular room to discover the hand's owner was Miranda, his Mother clad in her purple dress having tears spilling from her all black colored eyes and looking upset while still rubbing his forehead. 
He frowned staring at her with confusion as she spoke "MacLeod, everything will be alright for you now. I convinced the others to only whip you on the back enough to cause scars as punishment for killing King George himself." 
MacLeod stiffened as he recalled the whipping fully in his mind that was very painful including adjusting his mind into a trance like status to avoid feeling the pain which brought that dream scenario to his mind as a way of coping with the pain onto his back and passing out unconscious during the whipping despite hearing his Mother Miranda herself screaming loudly for the whipping to stop and saying that he had enough of it. MacLeod frown eyeing her forming that expression on his face as Miranda continued on rubbing a hand on his forehead followed by forcing his eyes shut which he came to feeling a rumbling vibration feeling familiar indicating a cat and jerked open his eyes with night vision finding himself back in a familiar bedroom belonging to him as Tam-Mykola MacLeod living with his Mother Victoria Thunder. He frowned feeling himself confused to why he was back in his trance status again despite his back not that painful when felt resumed sleeping. 

MacLeod found himself shifting back and forth from waking up in bed with Miranda sitting next to him holding his hand and rubbing his forehead including waking up in bed with Jerusha sitting next to him holding his hand this time and not the cat sitting on his front both looking concerned and seemingly upset to him. 
He after an uncounted number of waking up back and forth between bedrooms spoke loudly uncaring if it was towards either woman "Stop it now! Stop this dream now! Stop it and get me to reality now! I insist this ends now!"
He saw the scenes went black in response to his words to come to feeling himself falling through darkness despite no night vision flaring and that the darkness seemed endless and the same with the falling till he found light blaring into his eyes abruptly making him squint from the glare along with shaking his head and trying to get the light's blinding source away from his eyes as he felt himself lying in a bed from the feel including chain manacles wrapped around his wrists and ankles pinning them to the bed's sides as he felt relief as the light's glare stopped followed by focusing his eyes onto a male with King George's facial appearance and short blond hair remove the light's source he recognized as a flashlight while clad in a doctor's uniform complete with an odd insignia on the jacket. 
He frowned eyeing the male he assumed was a doctor who spoke "Test subject Nightwalker, appears to be lucid judging by stimulation of reacting to the flashlight and looking alert while indicating some Humanity awareness judging by the look of his narrowed all black eyes aimed at me." 
MacLeod frowned forming it on his lips hearing the doctor's wording use of Nightwalker as the male shifted to look in another direction while adding "As far as I'm concern for the test subject Nightwalker, he survived the serum injected into him and appears to not have the insanity associated with the medicine and is completely healed from the injury to his beater organ from a knife weapon stabbing him there. So he's fine as far as I see it." 
MacLeod shifted to look where the doctor was looking to find a familiar male he figured was Captain Fatherland but this time was wearing different clothes on his form consisted of clothes twin to George's, clothes of brown shoes, blue pants a blue jacket and a white shirt peeking out standing there with arms folded that spoke "Good, doctor. I have questions that need answering and I do hope that the serum didn't affect his memory enough to answer them." 
MacLeod continued to eye the male as the doctor's voice was heard "Rest assured that his memory is intact period. He'll be able to answer questions as crystal clearly as you want sir." 
He kept his eyes on the doctor as the male added turning to look at him "Your name is according to legend is Nightwalker who reportedly killed King Lionsbane, a King of Terra that led the Humans during ancient times when Terra was primitive exploring its own path and life. Evidence of your body's hiding place by Miranda or Beatrice as she was referred publicity was deciphered by cryptic notes left by her before she passed away and found and solved which your body was found somewhere in hiding in a cave deep underground in Peru's mountain city and secretly transported to a military base in the United States' Canadian state of Yukon, for seeing on restoring you to life despite your body indicating on being in some trance like shut down status actually once thoroughly tested. The serum I'm talking about was some medicine invented to bring you out of your trance like status which later healed you of your mortal injury to your beater organ as if stabbed via knife wound there. You should be fine for living as long as your body lets you live due to indicating that the serum is out of your body and your internal organs are functioning normally again after no use of not doing that."
MacLeod frowned forming it on his lips as the doctor added looking at the arm folded male he glimpsed still arms folded "He's ready for you to question him now."
He eyed the arm folded male who walked forwards arms still folded and spoke "So tell me, Nightwalker, of your life back in King Lionsbane's time including answering questions I ask you I want answered." 
MacLeod gulped but kept the frown on his face as the male proceeded to question him about living a life with Lance Richard a godly being instead of on Nightwalker he confused which he found himself answering honestly as he could from memories of them fully in his mind including adding "I seem to have this memory of living a life as this person named Tam-Mykola MacLeod, whoever he is." 
He saw the male form a big frown on his face before glancing at the doctor who he saw spoke "Interesting sounds like Nightwalker suffered some insanity while healing with the serum running through his body hence he imaging this Tam-Mykola MacLeod's life." 
MacLeod heard an edge in the doctor's voice tone that indicated on something was unsaid as he shifted to eye the arm folded male who spoke "Nightwalker was said to passed away due to a mortal injury to his beater organ as if stabbed by an assassin, but his internal organs were taken out and given to Bloodies as the vampire species were called back then, who's internal organ wasn't functioning properly which one of his organs was implanted inside you to replace an injury to an organ that wasn't functioning properly. Those people who have his organs like any other person who have organs of another implanted inside their bodies have cases of having clear memories of the victim who supplied the organs in the first place as experiencing it as their life very realistically. You having memories of Nightwalker who was nicknamed Souler by his family members for always able to see people's minds and souls, was from an organ from his body implanted inside you hence you feeling like your him and living his life something that has repeatedly happened to people who have received an implanted organ from someone else that passed away."
MacLeod frowned hearing that as the male continued talking after clearing his throat "Nightwalker's remaining living family dubbed Huntsman Shoots Deer, will be very interested in wanting to know what memories you acquired from him due to verbalizing that request to the hospital repeatedly including whoever caring to listen that they wanted to have one of the recipients to have a clear memory of Nightwalker's assassination including a horse ride where he was found into a trance sleep near the entrance to Rio Pluto while it was being formed, a victim of a head injury indicating his horse threw him off. It caused him to undergo this trance status that only blood would bring him out of it hence this Julian captured and used as food for him to live again. That horse ride was a result of being attacked by a rogue dinosaur due to them seen gnawing away on a horse carcass nearby and unable to get near him due to the collars seen imbedded in their skin like they grew wearing them. Also his body was found leaning against the wall of the city's boundary that kept the dinosaurs from targeting him due to their collars indicated on them to stay away from there."
He gave off a soft groan sound softly to stiffen as a memory came to his mind fully to see himself riding a horse while clad in the uniform and a round helmet on top of the head on horseback through a forest jungle underneath the moonlight sky with the town's boundary wall off the right while hearing multiple beeping noises till a loud roaring sound of a dinosaur was heard followed by a large dinosaur not wearing a collar burst out of the bushes off his left putting mouth onto his head and biting it hard only tearing off the helmet which the male kept the horse to run faster as the dinosaur spit out the helmet seen and followed running after them followed by succeeding on biting the horse's rump hard causing the horse to tip to the side violently making Nightwalker fly off of it hitting the city's stone wall with his head on the side with a loud crack sound heard and sliding down as if dead as the dinosaur without collar proceeded to eat the horse's body including not sparing anything on it leaving a carcass of bones before going away into the bushes ignoring Nightwalker's body leaning against the wall. MacLeod heard a clapping noise followed by blinking his eyes of a flashlight's glare onto his eyes which he shook his head and focused onto the doctor again.
He spoke the memory of Nightwalker's horse ride incident fully in his in his mind loudly to see the male shift in a direction and speaking "Did you get that talk?"
He eyed the direction the doctor was looking to see the familiar arm folded male was there who spoke while holding up a blinking tubal device in his hand "I have the talk recorded so I'll get it to the others to get a printed transcript to the family. His wording confirms what was indicated among the city's sensors' later figured out with lots of guess word and domesticated dinosaurs that there's a rogue dinosaur not wearing a restraint that caused the attack onto Nightwalker's horse he indicated of being thrown off and went into a trance from the injury judging by the witness to that incident determining that excuse me." 
MacLeod watched as the arm folded male walked out of sight behind a white curtain his mind told him what it was despite thinking tapestry as he shifted his eyes onto the doctor who gave up a loud groan sound before adding in a loud whispering tone "Just wish I could tell the family that their Nightwalker is alive and well as test subject Tam-Mykola MacLeod, himself who's actually a part of the original Nightwalker as in actually injected with a serum which is some hallucination medicine and the DNA of Nightwalker's for gaining his memories of his life back in ancient time of Terra before the plague just to answer questions people wanted to know." 
He stiffened hearing the doctor's words to realize with a start that the doctor wasn't lying on what he said due to fully recalling of waking up after hitting the wall and forcing himself to use the wall due to dizziness to travel to the city's entrance ignored by the rogue dinosaur as dubbed and still targeted by other dinosaurs who's collars kept them away from him which inside the entrance finding the doors open he got inside and found the doors shut after him followed by the gate entrances opening and Human males with odd eyes while wearing uniforms of the army involving Humans coming into view that injected him with a needle dart in his neck knocking him out unconscious. 
MacLeod felt himself annoyed hearing the doctor's confession as the male added in a louder tone appearing to address him "Anyway Nightwalker, I'll see that you receive the proper clothing and nourishment including taught how to live properly on this planetary world Terra as its called despite the survivors surviving a plague like destruction and now we're now multiple Humans."
MacLeod didn't say a word in response felt himself further annoyed as the doctor walked out of sight which he shifted to glare at the ceiling seeing a round black dome with a jutting red light indicate of a recording camera to him as he continued to stare at the thing lengthy feeling himself not inclined to sleep till the doctor returned who he glared at who injected a needle dart into his arm and he felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding himself lying on a bed contained in some tube lying horizontal with walls blaring a red color making him confused to where he was as he felt himself weary but not tired enough to sleep as the wall off his right opened and he felt the bed move out of the tubal area sliding till it completely out and then went down like an elevator followed by a female wearing a medical doctor's jacket standing in view waving a device attached to her left hand and left arm over him. 
He frowned eyeing the blond haired female who spoke "Your fine medically so get up now. You slept enough for transportation to Fishlala like anyone aboard this transport ship went through being in some sleeping status for transport from Terra to here, Fishlala and to any of the planets in this galaxy system dubbed Mother One."
MacLeod obeyed getting up from the bed finding himself only clad in shorts covering his sensitive part and seat areas and feeling confused to the planetary worlds' names she referred due to not hearing them before. 
He eyed the doctor who gave off a giggle sound and appeared to look amused which he gave her a glare who formed a firm expression of a frown in response to his facial expression and spoke "Come with me now."
MacLeod obeyed following her to while looking around the surrounding area to see multiple tubal areas in one wall all shut and all not appearing to hold people in them as he wordlessly followed her through corridors feeling gravity keeping him walking normally and felt himself confused to where the fact of twin planetary worlds having some stuck rotation of having eternal dark and sunlight sides came to his mind in the first place he finding no answer to his mind of where he conjured that idea up. He frowned as he followed the doctor to spot a window showing space in a hallway wall to show outside the sunlight dimly shining and stiffened as he saw the ship was orbiting a planet that had a twin planet nearby in vicinity that made him think of his mind's contents of those two planetary worlds and still confused on the name of Aire used. He stopped looking to follow the doctor to an area he assumed was medical bay where she got him dressed into a uniform of black military style boots, green pants, and a grey t shirt like top that felt snug on his form to see the doctor still giving off that giggle sound and looking amused which he resumed the glaring expression to get handed a hairbrush and a hair band and told to brush his hair which he obeyed finding it was longer length a bit pass his shoulders and this time appeared to be in the dirty blond color instead of his usual black hair as Tam-Mykola MacLeod. 
He pulled his hair back into a tail then held up the hairbrush which the doctor spoke "Keep it you need it more than I do." 
MacLeod didn't comment a response pocketed the thing into one of his pockets of his pants and then eyed the doctor while clearing his throat loudly who added once he cut his noises "Oh the name is Alexa and that's all you'll know of me period as ordered by my Captain towards anyone we transport anywhere by this supply ship that mostly focuses onto being in space secretly transporting people anonymously hence I can't ask for your name and only known as for transporting supplies to colonies that need it. Sorry I can't say much involving this ship and crew due to that the Captain insists that contact between people we transport be limited to me and select crew members who's identities are hidden just to keep us out of being targeted by the law harshly so I can't explain that either. Excuse me while I go contact the Captain to say that you're up and awake and awaiting transport to Fishlala's colony planet of Aire as it's referred. Odd name."
MacLeod frowned eyeing Alexa who without a word went to a console to sit behind it on a desk and pressed some buttons onto it while adding loudly "Captain, the vampire is up and awake in medical bay and awaiting transport to planet bound as ordered for the merchandise to arrive."
He heard nothing from the Captain, he feeling confused to the word vampire only to see Alexa nodding her head before pressing some buttons and leaning back staring at him with various amused and frown facial expressions making him annoyed enough to think of attacking her to grab her head and biting her neck along with sucking her blood to drain her to death for that staring getting to him. 
He heard the door to the room slid open showing two crew members in male forms wearing green jumpsuits and boots like his and round helmet like heads covering their heads entirely including their faces coming into the medical room as he heard from Alexa "Your escort is here to get you to the ship to planet bound so take off, your done being in here anyway." 
MacLeod figured he was Nightwalker reborn and having a Humanoid appearance obeyed finding himself towering over the males as one led the way with the other behind him he feeling like they were actually females disguised as males judging by their heights and the way the escort walked that indicated hips swiveling to him that he knew that males don't have. He kept his mouth shut in response to that thought as they led him to a big metal box with an opening by a side down one jabbing a finger aimed at him and the box to get inside he exhaling a breath obeyed finding them shutting the box closed locking him inside leaving night vision of all green to his shock blaring in his eyesight as he looked around finding an apparent medical oxygen like mask attached to the wall as he felt the box moving which he grabbed the mask putting it on covering his mouth and nose breathing in the air finding himself still inclined to stay awake as he sat down leaning against the wall of the box to feel it moving as if gliding then felt himself floating indicating it in space and himself feeling a coldness feeling hitting him then the floating feeling stopped followed by a descending feeling felt and the box thumping all over the place making him put hands and feet onto the walls to keep himself from getting bruises from hitting them from the tumbling. 
MacLeod mentally spoke "This is ridiculous being transported like this. I don't like it a bit Hmph." 
He felt the tumbling stop followed by a hovering motion then a thud and rolling motion making his box slide back and forth before stopping then was suddenly stopped which he heard nothing and then felt it gliding in a fast move before slamming itself down and a box's wall slamming open followed by a glare of a flashlight shining onto him making him blink his eyes from day vision blaring. 
MacLeod heard in response "Get your seat out of that box now!"
He obeyed to get out of the box after removing the oxygen mask to find the flashlight holder was escorted by several others glimpsed as he stood with his hands up in the air. 
MacLeod frowned inwardly as the voice spoke sounding military like to him "Confirm or deny that your this Earther called Nightwalker?"
He spoke loudly "I confirm that so why are you asking me that?"
He heard in response "Don't ask the Commandant questions period. Only he can ask questions aimed at anyone including aimed at you underneath his military command." 
MacLeod frowned finding the voice was different from the one who asked him question as he clamped his mouth shut and kept his arms up as the voice who asked him the question blared "Drop down and give me twenty pushups for being stupid."
He frowned hearing the voice as the Commandant he assumed spoke that obeyed getting onto the metallic ground and doing the pushups all twenty of them in a some what slow move due to feeling inclined to do it before forcing himself to get up awkwardly despite inclined to get up via combative art move training. 
He stood up once done to eye the flashlight holder who added "Nice try with that stunt of being slow with the pushups and getting up awkwardly, Lance Richard. Your military service of regardless of what it is even back on Terra is very well detailed including your habit of doing pushups fast including getting up in some acrobatic move every time your ordered to the ground to do any exercises." 
MacLeod exhaled a breath hearing the name of Lance Richard from the Commandant who continued "Alright get Lance to the barracks now!"
He saw two figures come into view appearing to be males by their body forms despite having pulled back hair both having pointed ears, both wearing identical clothes as his and goggles over their eyes he figured helped them see in the dark with heights a head shorter than him and still indicating their maleness status as they grabbed his arms by their hands feeling clawed and twin to Miranda's to the feel and hauled him towards the flashlight holder he eyeing who kept the flashlight aimed at him as he was forced walked passed the Commandant he assumed was holding that light's source. MacLeod continued to see with night vision in his eyesight as he was forced out of the building he assumed was a hanger to see a large military compound with clear oxygen like air he breathing it fully and found that the sunlight wasn't in sight and only darkness illuminated the scenery that seemed to indicate a forest jungle as the Elves he figured were the pointed eared males, got him to a building and one of them got his hand touching a console to hear a beep sound coming from it followed by the door to the building sliding open and then thrust inside and hearing the door slam shut behind him which he took a look around finding himself in some military like bedroom with multiple bunks some having people on them appearing to either be sleeping or awake that looked like they were blind in the dark to him. 
He saw the room had doorways he glimpsed had a shower room and an expelling waste room both in his eyesight as he stood staring looking around the room to hear from one of the people appearing to look like Elves but had different eyes to an Elf, speaking in a male voice tone "Visitor can see in the dark judging by his head movements."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as another voice spoke "Find yourself an empty bed visitor and use that as your sleeping spot whenever the lights in here are out indicating on sleeping mode times." 
He frowned but obeyed finding an empty lower bunk bed after walking around the bunks seeing some of the people were looking in his direction like they could see him but were still having a squinted eyed look to him as he found a bed and got onto it to lie his back down and fluffed the pillow before rolling over onto his side and shutting his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. 

MacLeod came to hearing a loud horn sound along with blaring of overhead lights turning on brightly which he forced himself awake to get up from the bed to find all of the people in the room were males like he was with various hair colors all having various lengths but were shorter than him by a hand length he feeling himself confused to why he was taller than a normal manoid among them they eyeing him from standing next to their beds with hands behind their backs he seeing them doing it from glancing at them with his eyes in his eyesight as he saw a male with a bald head having an Elf appearance with pointy ears and all black eyes while wearing a shiny blue military uniform carrying a flashlight walk into view going up to him to give him a scrutiny look looking him up and down and seemingly had the top of his head reach the tip of his nose. 
MacLeod frowned as the male he assumed was the Commandant gave him an eyed scrutiny look before walking away and speaking loudly "Hit the showers now!"
He obeyed finding males stripping themselves of their clothes ignoring the fact that they were baring themselves and darted into the shower room he having males scrutinizing him including the Commandant as he had to fight to get into the shower room using various combative art training moves onto males who used similar moves onto him to keep him out in an effort to have their turn with the shower he finding it a push for water shower button and found no soap included and could only wet himself fully before the water appearing to be in some lukewarm temperature went out and then copied the males by getting out of the room going to his clothes to put on finding them scrutinizing him as they put on their own clothes and boots on including pulling out various hairbrushes and combs from their pants' pockets to attend to their hair some having longer lengths pulled back via hair bands he copying them. MacLeod stood next to his bunk bed copying the males doing it once they were done with the dressing and grooming their hair waiting while eyeing the Commandant standing back to a wall appearing to be scrutinizing him by eyes narrowed aimed in his direction. 
He stood waiting patiently as all the males finished with their showering to stand next to their beds followed by the Commandant turning on his flashlight and ordering "Move out and start jogging on the track! Be sure to show Lance Richard, our new recruit where to go!"
He frowned following males out of the building in the darkness to find them going around the building repeatedly like it was a track he following them till he was last in line is when they stopped in front of the building's entrance in rows of fives he at the last line in a row of six to face the Commandant holding the flashlight while the barrack's building lights' were off from glimpsing the door still open. 
MacLeod stood with hands behind his back eyes onto the Commandant who spoke loudly "Twenty pushups Lance, for being last!"
He obeyed doing the pushups and swung himself up to stand with an acrobatic move after doing the exercise fast while hearing multiple gasping sounds he refraining from forming any expressions on his face in reaction to the noises instead kept his face blank in response but fisted his hands behind his back and clamped his teeth shut. 
He eyed the Commandant who ordered again "Hit the mess hall and show Lance where to go now!"
He followed males he assumed were recruits into this military group to a building to find the lights inside blaring on and blinked his eyes from the glare to see a large cafeteria like room holding machines that indicated of nourishments to him as he copied them getting drinks and food from them using trays and dishware including utensils which he went to sit down at a lone table finding recruits at tables acting hostile towards him by giving off animalistic like growling noises whenever he neared their table and giving him angry glares which he ignored them and went to an empty table in the corner to sit eating and drinking the food while keeping the recruits in his eyesight seeing most of them looking at him back while appearing to be getting into whispered conversations due to unable to hear the scattered talk in the room. He took in the nourishment taking his time then found the Commandant joining him at the table with a tray and still having the flashlight which the male sat having his right side aimed at recruits and his left side aimed at him. MacLeod kept his mouth shut as he leaned back once done and folded his arms while eyeing the recruits still whispering talk among each other and found the Commandant ignoring him staring and didn't seem inclined to talk to him by face kept aimed at the males chattering among each other while still taking in his nourishment. 
He exhaled a breath and kept his facial expression neutral as he eyed the recruits all over the place till the Commandant was seen standing up bellowing "Put away your nourishment holders and hit the track now!"
He obeyed to copy recruits getting the nourishment holders into machinery he assumed were for cleaning and followed them keeping up with a group of them at the beginning of the line at the track and ignored attempts to get him last again which he kept up with the group till they went to resume standing in front of the barrack's building he resuming his position in the last row to eye the Commandant standing with flashlight blared over them. MacLeod frowned as he mentally spoke to himself "How long am I in this military troop for anyway?"
He heard nothing to answer his question figured he'll ask one of the recruits about that once he got the chance. 

MacLeod dropping his persona of Nightwalker due to figuring out that he no longer needed it as his personality due to referred as Lance Richard by the Commandant after an uncounted number of time with the military troop the recruits still not interested in talking to him or answering any talk from him aimed at them or interested in having him sit with them for meals stood next to his bunk bed after waking up by the familiar horn and lights blaring overhead again and done with his showering despite the usual fight to get into the room and use of shower facilities decided to call himself MacLeod, instead. 
He stood next to his bunk bed as the Commandant spoke loudly "Stand fast now!" 
He eyed the male who left out of sight going out of the barrack's entrance leaving the door opening to hear whispered talk loudly about one of the troop members was going to be freed from punishment of being in this troop after given some implant for their eyes to see in the dark despite nearly having trouble seeing in the glaring light and almost blind in that area. He frowned hearing that talk as the Commandant was back with two males having goggles covering their eyes still clad in their twin uniforms similar to his as the whispering got cut off abruptly. 
MacLeod frowned as the Commandant spoke "Take who your ordered to take now."
He found the males making a beeline towards him to his confusion to hear growling noises as his arms were grabbed and saw the Commandant looked furious by the expression on his face as he was roughly hauled out of the barrack pass growling recruits and an angry Commandant who didn't stop him being taken out to back to outside leading to the familiar hangar room which he was forced into a familiar metal box and locked inside he finding an oxygen mask nearby attached to the wall which he put on and hunted for any handholds finding nothing to indicate it as he felt the familiar transportation method movement again till the box's wall was yanked open. 
He followed by getting out after taking off the familiar mask to find Alexa in sight escorted by two short helmet covered head entirely males having gun weapons in hands, she looking like she was confused to see him by the expression on her face and speaking loudly "Hmm that's odd that they would free you from the prison planet after a short amount of time have passed. Nevertheless knock him out now." 
MacLeod found her comment confusing as one of the males aimed his gun at him and pulled the trigger to feel a stinging pain on his front he seeing a syringe in the area along with sleepiness hitting him making him shake his head to see the floor rising up to meet him followed by feeling of a metal on his cheek and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling a glare of a flashlight blaring in his eyes which he shook his head away from that while grimacing fully to find himself in his familiar bed seeing the flashlight's owner was the familiar doctor having King George's face who stopped the flashlight blaring and looking in another direction he saw was the familiar arm folded male. 
MacLeod frowned eyeing the male who spoke "Well, Nightwalker, talk on what you dreamed while you were out asleep in some cryogenic tube you showing some expression in there indicating on dreaming of something."
He frowned hearing that saw the doctor give him a glare in response which he spoke the contents of what he saw and then clamped his mouth shut once done to get from the medic "Interesting considering others contained have given out twin stories like his with the Commandant identified as the computer's mind some male term thinking of treating males like that while treating females in the same way but this time using a feminine version of the Commandant with no head of hair status seen and always having a flashlight in hand." 
MacLeod frowned hearing that eyed the arm folded male in response who spoke "Alright get Nightwalker out of bed and integrated into life here in Fishlala's planetary world of Aire, now." 
He frowned hearing that as the doctor freed him from the restraints and then he was forced up finding his height similar sized as the male's despite clad only in a dress like outfit and didn't protest as  the medic got a hold of his arm and took him pass the arm folded male sensed following to a doorway to get through and found an hallway twin to the one in the Elves' base in Summerland's side of the planet of Aire he figuring out that Terra was made up including the same with planet's natives on it as he was taken through hallways showing the sea view with one side a rocky wall view till they entered a doorway and found it led to a metallic hallway which he was let go by the doctor who pushed him through which he found the arm folded male stopping his following. MacLeod looked to see the doctor gesture him to go through the hallway which he obeyed finding it was including multiple combative art machines having various knife weapons on their forms attacking him from springing from the walls to do the fighting. He found his dress get ripped from the avoidance of trying to avoiding getting cut by the knife like weapons repeatedly as he proceeded to use combative art moves onto the machines as he traveled through the hallway that seemed quite short but lengthy with the fighting challenges all over the place from the ceiling the floor and even the sides of the walls till he reached the end of the hallway to find it was a dead end ended in a smooth rock wall that filled the doorway showing no way of climbing up or anything to indicate of jumping down. He growled annoyed sound and went back down in the hallway again resuming his fighting onto the machines seemingly more violent on trying to cut or stab him he finding himself tearing off the dress to leave only clad in his shorts as he resumed the fighting again fighting his way to the other end of the hallway despite multiple machines' success of cutting him and he avoiding them stabbing him despite attempts to do it till he reached the end of the hallway to find the doctor and the arm folded male standing there he giving them a glare of accusation in his eyes aimed at them while folding his arms despite the pain of cuts on the area. MacLeod gave them both a glare as the doctor got a hold of his arm and without a comment towards him got him escorted back to his familiar bed room which he was forced to sit in bed and didn't complain as the medic ran a pen like laser over the cuts he grimacing from the stinging of them noticed them healing up leaving white lines on his form instead of blending with his tanned skin and appeared to be visibly marking him despite having a muscular form on his body. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the doctor quit the laser's work to put away the device and spoke towards the arm folded male "Well he did better than any of the recruits undergoing that knife gauntlet who had visibly scarring and stab wound injuries including them collapsing once done through that from the loss of blood and injuries too much for them."
MacLeod gave the arm folded male a glare in response as the male spoke "Fine, Nightwalker, come with me now. Your purpose of being in the hospital is done now. You're wanted back in the Marine Corps by the Elves' General dubbing himself Mindbender, unsure of the name, who's not going to take an excuse of you being declared dead to the world of Terra despite you a survivor of the destruction on it, as reason for you to not come back so come with me now." 
MacLeod frowned but obeyed to follow the male unfolding his arms out of the room going multiple hallways still having that sea view till they reached an elevator which he heard the familiar command word "Deck two now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to frown inwardly as the elevator was felt going up showing a sea view in front above and both sides with the rocky wall behind him seemingly lengthy till the elevator jerked going horizontal going inside the rocky wall showing a cave all around them lighted up by lights shining overhead that blinked on and off illuminating parts of the cave as they passed it underneath. He frowned finding himself still having night vision after each light was blinked off blaring it in view followed by a light blaring on that kept on doing it till the elevator stopped once reaching metallic doors and the doors to both elevator and metallic doors opened showing a lighted hallway appearing to look metallic with multiple armed guards in it standing in front of doors having windows in them he glimpsing that didn't show much for him to see due to not having lights in them. 
MacLeod followed the male till they reached another hallway having a big metallic door in the wall with two guards holding guns in front of it that pointed their guns aimed at the both of them and speaking "Halt identify yourself now!"
He found the male jabbing a finger aimed at him and speaking "He's going through I'm not." 
He exhaled a breath as the males echoed their commands which he inhaled and spoke "Tam-Mykola MacLeod call sign Jinks." 
He frowned as one of the guards echoed his words as if speaking on a radio to find the arm folded male walking away as he stood eyeing the guards warily to hear the male speaking in some grumpy voice tone "Entry granted so hurry up and get yourself through now." 
He obeyed to walk forwards finding the metallic door slid opening into two pieces showing another hallway which he walked through and found the doors slamming shut behind him. 
He continued on walking taking a look finding doors having numbers on them and shut he figuring out that it was best not to open them due to noticing camera domes in the ceiling as he continued on walking till he reached a set of double doors in a wall off his left to find an uniformed male appearing to be an Elf walking out seeing him and speaking "Get inside now." 
MacLeod obeyed getting himself inside to find it contained a cafeteria room with windows showing a sea view he finding others, appearing to be Elves, in the room gathered around a table chattering talk become silent seeing him despite he clad in only shorts. He felt himself annoyed with only being clad in shorts that felt loose on his form as he folded his arms over his chest that was bare of clothes and got pushed towards the group gathered around a table he didn't resist to that and got sat down into a chair and ordered to eat from dishware on a tray set in front of him which he obeyed finding himself terribly hungry he ate and drank ravenously and made sure to use the utensils for the food. He once done leaned back in the chair with arms doing a different folded status while getting the tray taken away while eyeing the Elves all in various uniforms including wearing suits he counted about ten of them total gathered around the table he was sitting at as one removed a blanket from the table revealing various object he stiffened with recognition seeing them as the clothes twin to Nightwalker's when he killed a King via sword but not the one he wore looking very old and including an old sword weapon looking familiar he recognized belonged to himself he figured what it was, lying on top of the clothes having stained of blood of black on it that looked dried to him. 
MacLeod kept his mouth shut as one of the males cleared his throat and spoke loudly "Do you recognize this sword as yours, Nightwalker? The blood on it is a perfect match as yours via tests done comparing your DNA to it which provided a perfect match to our confusion." 
He eyed the sword warily to grimace recalling fully in his mind what it was spoke "It's the sword that was used to kill Nightwalker via stabbing him in the back, actually."
MacLeod clamped his mouth shut in response while eyeing the speaking male who gulped to hear another throat clearing noise sounding again which he shifted off his right to see one of the males speaking "The clothes we found on you are they yours or were they exchanged?"
He exhaled a breath figuring out that the reason why he was brought into this room for them to question him about his life as Nightwalker due to fully having memories of the male in his mind as he inhaled to speak from memory of Nightwalker's death "Their not the clothes Nightwalker wore when he died."
The vampire MacLeod sat by the fireplace with a fire roaring away bringing warmth in the room while eyeing Nikolai that screamed of shock seeing him with his face bared. He shook his head of the memory of being brought to Terra via tree gate he finding Elves living there underwater in bases hidden from Humans. He gave Nikolai a glare in response who shook his head of his shock before staring at him with widen eyes. He sat in an armchair patiently waiting while glancing out the window that showed the setting sunset of the snow covered ground. He recalling using the Sages to transport Nikolai to him to his Ireland home. He heard noises of people coming into the room from eating dinner chattering away. MacLeod eyed his descendants the Knightmen who sat next to the fireplace silently watching. He kept his mouth with fanged teeth shut in response to Nikolai's scream. 
MacLeod glared at Nikolai who shook his head and spoke "You're a Bloody as their referred appearing to look twin to Nightwalker himself." 
MacLeod spoke in response "Nightwalker the original one passed down an ability to create twins of himself with others. Mostly Humans aka males could have this ability to become Nightwalker himself. Except they went insane having memories of Nightwalker in their minds enough to think that they were him and started acting like him. The original Nightwalker actually passed away after he gave a blood transfusion to this Julian, a Human who became Achilles after later proving that Nightwalker himself could pass down his personality to Human males converted to become Bloodies. That's something that received the notice of others who tried that with me in an attempt to figure out various original Nightwalkers' memories including answering the question of whether the latest one was assassinated or ceased his life's span himself."
Nikolai, he eyed frowned but spoke in response "Hence you coming to existence."
He spoke firmly "Yes. I was found and selected for the job of being Nightwalker. But I wound up as MacLeod as I call myself. It's my original name actually when I was Human. The Sages figured out what happened and got me out of the snares of the doctors pulling this Nightwalker's trick and got me here to safety. I've been here contained in safety doing the Sages' work as their hand while their contained giving their sage advice. Don't be fooled by their names of Walls and Kiddy. Their serious on giving advice and being Sages as they are for the restless natives of Terra to live the remainder of their lives as they wish."
MacLeod frowned sitting hearing Knightmen's silence till they became silent without giving off loud breathing noises and saw them gazing at the fire. 
He figured that they were daydreaming again as he heard from Walls "Its Walls. I have to transport Nikolai back. Melinda is throwing a hissy fit on her husband as she calls him not in his residence. She's aware of us Sages doing transportation. But she doesn't protest to us transporting him all over the place as long as he's back into the residence to satisfy the Eli as they call her the computer mind acting annoyed without him there." 
He spoke loudly "Do it.'
MacLeod found Nikolai disappearing in a light show to resume putting on his helmet and sipping from his mug of blood he disgusted he still having to take that liquid to survive on. He heard nothing from the Sages, Walls and Kiddy in response to the transportation. 
MacLeod sighed and didn't comment a response to the Sages' silence. Instead halted his sipping he thinking to himself "I'm safe from harm."
MacLeod found himself on horseback abruptly after he thought his comment and found the horse he was on reared up nearly knocking him off her back. He kept a hand hold on the reins forcing him to stay on the horse's saddle. He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs. 
MacLeod eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him. He eyed them with green eyes sight of night vision clear as day with his blue Human like eyes. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby. The rumbling was making his senses blare warning giving him a fearful feeling. He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a group of fanged teeth dinosaurs unsure of their species names. They gave up roaring sounds while baring fanged teeth that looked like their size were humanoid heights to him. He eyed the dinosaurs that charged towards him while giving off sounds that made him think it was related to hunger to him. He forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet hearing her whinny sound of terror. MacLeod felt himself nervous as he looked behind him to see the dinosaurs were giving chase. He stiffened sensing that they were targeting his horse judging by their mouths aiming towards her instead of him. That the species' behavior made him think that they naturally don't target Humans living on the island of the High Council dubbing themselves Airans even when hungry. He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound. He guided her towards it due to knowing that the dinosaurs would give up chase if he and the mare went into the water. He saw a short stone wall blocking his way in the distance urged the horse to jump over it. He found his order obeyed finding themselves falling into a river which he clung to the horse in a tight grip as they splashed underwater. MacLeod felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he and she reached the surface. He heard the dinosaurs roar off sounds of frustrations to him behind him. As the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. He looked behind him with frustration seeing the dinosaurs on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away. He would have to take another route through the forest to get to his destination. 
MacLeod spoke out loud in the planet of Aire's main international language of Summeran "Drat, the dinosaurs for ruining things." 
He heard a soft whinny sound from the horse gently patted her on the side.
MacLeod spoke out loud "It's a holiday today involving Osiris the deity god Lord of the Underworld. I don't care what people say I'm not showing up for that event." 
He gently patted the horse on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. Till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating a dinosaur hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing another dinosaur that bared its fanged teeth gnashing them.
MacLeod gasped out "Oh ho!" 
He urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He sighed and guided the horse over the narrow stone bridge that seemed to be made for Airans on horse back to travel over the river. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. He forced the horse to gallop in the steamy heat drying him from the river's wetness. She again halted the riding by rearing up. She again indicated a dinosaur hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the greenery rumbling in front of them abruptly. He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness. As the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a towering overhead dinosaur, MacLeod, recognized species dubbed by the name of Rex that bared its fanged teeth gnashing them together along with repeated mouth open gestures. He urged the horse in another direction away from the dinosaur who gave up a loud ear shattering roar behind him. He allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and himself. He looked behind him to see the dinosaur was behind them running after them while gaping its mouth open and shut with tongue sticking out at each open mouth gesture. He stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse. He heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of the ocean waves sounding. Along with loud breathing from the horse and chasing dinosaur as he gasped for air mouth breathing hard with panic set in. MacLeod began to only to feel a compelling feeling of being calm abruptly. MacLeod obeyed to the feeling forcing himself to breathe through his nose. He urged the horse to continue galloping. He heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the dinosaur hadn't given up chase. He felt himself more nervous from the river's noises than the chasing dinosaur. MacLeod groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the dinosaur behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes. MacLeod hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the dinosaur behind him still chasing. MacLeod found to his fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. 
He urged the horse to follow the cliff's line thinking to himself "There's got to be a way for me to get across safely." 
MacLeod heard the dinosaur roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing Rex. He kept a firm hand on the reins eyeing the dinosaur that came into view charging towards him. MacLeod raised a hand palm facing the dinosaur and mentally willed forwards the Master his mental powers through making his Human like blue eyes turn all black activating his mental powers. 
He mentally spoke with a hand aimed at the dinosaur "Stop chasing and be gone now."
MacLeod found to his fear that the dinosaur refused to budge from its charging instead aimed its teethed mouth towards the horse as if trying to bite it. The mare kept rearing up thrusting out legs kicking at it at each attempt. He gripped the reins and urged the horse away from the cliff's edge. He got the dinosaur's back to it near the edge as an idea came to his mind. He ordered the horse to rear up each time towards the dinosaur's front making Rex straightened up its form after each failed bite attempt. He found himself still nervous as the mare was sensed scared underneath him. She obeyed to his orders of getting the dinosaur to back off till it reached the edge and refused to budge from the horse's manipulations as it attempted to bite her. MacLeod felt fear take control as the horse gave off a loud whinnying sound. She without his command took off in a direction with the cliff off his right. He again sensed the fearful feeling coming from him and the mare. He again looked behind him to see the dinosaur was again giving chase its attempts to bite the horse by gaping mouth nearing it each time it thrust to bite. MacLeod looked off his right as the horse continued to gallop running in fear. His eyes spotted a rope bridge coming into view urged the horse towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of it. He wasn't sure if the bridge could hold the horse and figured he'll risk it. He forced the mare onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each hoof footstep. MacLeod heard a loud roar behind him that sounded of frustration to him. He looked to see the dinosaur was still on the cliff at the rope bridge's entrance and had eyes narrowed in some glaring look while having mouth gaping and still roaring away. He felt himself still nervous as he guided the horse slowly over the rope bridge. MacLeod forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below. He glimpsed it in a waterfall water falling down too many lengths for an Airan to survive going down it he assumed judging by the distance. He felt vertigo from looking down making him feel dizziness. He forced himself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. He gulped air through his mouth as he felt the dizziness continue. The horse continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from her movements tipping back and forth making him feeling further nervous and dizzy. He forced himself to breathe through his nose despite tempted to mouth breathe hard. MacLeod to his fear heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound of fear while stopping abruptly instead of walking forwards. He looked behind to see the dinosaur was gnawing at one of the ropes holding up the bridge. He felt fear hitting him looked away and urged the horse to walk faster over the rope bridge finding themselves halfway through it. He began to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the dinosaur's gnawing. He found the horse obeyed to his urging hurriedly got across to the cliff wall revealing a cave entrance and nothing else around it. He got the horse onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard behind him. He looked to see one of the ropes of the bridge had given away and it was sagging off its side. He again heard the familiar roaring noise from the dinosaur again sounding of frustration to him. He shifted to face the cave entrance feeling himself still nervous from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. MacLeod forced the horse into the cave forcing the mare to take her time walking in it. He shivered from the coldness hitting him all over despite clad in clothing of animal dubbed gonoid by the planetary natives of Aire. All skins sewn together made to be like leather. He forced himself to breathe slowly through his nose as the mare walked through the cave passageway seemingly endless with no opening and seemed to go around in bends of circles. He looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing. He figured to himself were entrances to bottomless pits making him more nervous and urged the horse to continue traveling faster. MacLeod gasped of fear as the horse stumbled slipping her feet but avoided knocking him off along with keeping herself standing. He again urged the horse to continue to keep on gasping of fear each time the horse stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks. He saw was really ice which he kept a tight hold onto the reins urging the mare to keep going. He felt fear take hold making him gulp for air through his mouth as the horse kept on her slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway as it got more colder to him. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling the horse was moving to keep herself warm. She kept up her slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. 
MacLeod thought to himself "Perhaps I should get off the horse and guide her to safety." 
He stiffened as an image of a male Humanoid with facial appearance twin to his wearing a golden crown on his black haired head. Clothes of a white tunic with a red bird on it as decoration and blue legging like tights flashed in his mind.
Along with words spoken in some cruel voice tone making him feel more nervous "Don't you dare do that MacLeod. You'll lose the horse to a bottomless pit. She's more scared than you are. Besides you on her is helping her with her fear so don't get off." 
MacLeod forced himself to breathe slowly through his nose. He wound up recognizing the image as of Lance Richard an Airan's planetary declared God of the Underworld that got named Osiris after the disbanding of the High Council due to manipulation of King Winter oath of taking the Humans out of Shadan. He recalled that the oath was somewhat kept by only taking a piece of the United States' land to Earth but haven't been seen since the transfer was done. Lance Richard in response was declared the lord of the animals dubbed gonoids and the earth ground on Shadan, the Aire's planet's official name. The male god's voice MacLeod acknowledged was always mentally spoken to him via mind after flashing a scene of himself each time for communication purposes. MacLeod felt himself less fearful from Lance's communication order. He urged the horse to continue traveling through the cave passageway despite there yawning openings of bottomless pits on each sides of him at various points. That made him become nervous seeing them in view. He continued to hold the reins as the horse traveled through the cave still slipping and sliding away. His eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over. He sighed figuring that they were near an Elf manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway. Put in place to keep gonoids from traveling through that would cause harm to the Elves living cocooned reportedly in some large crater in a forest valley when it was really in an underwater kingdom. He sighed figuring that he was safe for now only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of electricity was heard coming from the passageway in the cave. Along with hearing the horse giving off sounds of panic to him while riding her. MacLeod forced the horse to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls. Put there by Elves who first discovered the cave passageway. He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of electricity giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous. The sparks of fire flew from them. He heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound of fear forced the mare passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. He gasped for breath as pain was felt on his left arm. He looked to see the gonoid skin was on fire. 
He released his hands on the reins and with his other hand waved the hand over the fired arm mentally speaking "Fire Out." 
He found his order of fire going out obeyed but felt his arm stinging of pain. The nervousness overtook the feeling he felt for the horse as he grabbed the reins. He was hoping that the sparks of fire would avoid hitting her making her bolt through the cave passageway. He found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision again resumed blaring in his eyesight. MacLeod found the ground according to the horse no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river. He forced the horse to travel through the cave passageway following the river that slowly moved. He sensed himself becoming braver along with sensing the same from the mare. He sighed as the horse traveled through the river splashing loudly till the river came to an end. Then there was sounds of crunching noises as they entered an apparent by sight vast cave room. He looked down with a frown at the noises' source to feel fear hitting him again. MacLeod seeing that the earth was littered with bones indicating both Humans and gonoids from glimpses of skeleton heads seen indicating both. MacLeod felt a compulsion to look up obeyed to see above on a cave wall clinging to it was appearing to be sleeping was a large scaly four footed gonoid lizard similar sized as a full grown Human male. He recognized with fear was a dubbed a Dragon for belching out fire towards people and gonoids when capturing them for eating. The gonoid was appearing to wake up from sleeping status by head shaking. He stiffened of fear seeing that sensed the Source he dubbed his mental powers by that name in control by not hearing the familiar roaring noises whenever it wasn't in control. That Source dubbing was used by him despite Lance dubbing the mental ability by the odd word of Master to his annoyance.
He waved a hand towards the Dragon mentally speaking "Sleep don't wake. Despite the noises till we're out of your presence is when you can wake up." 
He continued to eye the Dragon that appeared to struggle from sleeping status. 
The horse crunched through the field of bones that seemed vast to him all around. He let the mare have her way with the path due to sensing she would find the way out for him. MacLeod stiffened as the Dragon woke up belching up fire and twisted its two horned bony head to eye him making him nervous as he eyed the gonoid. He urged the horse to hurry. The Dragon he saw adjusted its form to climb down from the cliff wall heading towards him while belching out fire through nostrils seen. He felt nervousness hitting him as the horse entered a cave passageway that seemed low in ceiling and closer all around him making his fear of enclosed spaces hit unexpectedly. He gasped loudly as there was a loud roaring sound heard behind him along with heat of fire felt on his back. He forced the horse to move quickly through the passageway feeling her nervousness hitting as day vision flashed abruptly. He looked behind towards the cave entrance to see it illuminated by fire of the Dragon along with day vision flashing then stopped followed by night vision becoming dormant. MacLeod exhaled a breath feeling himself a bit relieved to see that the Dragon made no move to enter the passageway. He have passed the danger of the gonoid looked ahead of him to concentrate onto the path. MacLeod finding the cave passageway had jagged rocks dangling from the ceiling that made him bent low on the horse. Just to avoid banging into them or causing a rockslide by the knocking off. He stiffened as there were sounds of rocks falling behind him abruptly making him more nervous. He looked to see part of the cave passageway had fallen showing piles of rocks nearby. He stiffened seeing the rock pile feeling himself more fearful. He felt himself still fearful as he thought with panic beginning to take hold gasping for air through his mouth.
He mentally thought "I'll never get out of this cave."
MacLeod once again got the image of Lance along with the god's cruel voice tone "Stop panicking now MacLeod! Maribel needs you to help her get out of this cave so stop it now!"
He frowned at the name of Maribel forced himself to breathe slow through his nose. He repeatedly ducked avoiding jagged rocks dangling in the cave passageway still feeling himself panicking. He forced himself to be calm despite fear taking hold. 
He continued to hear sounds of rocks falling from behind him. The sounds making him nervous sensing parts of the cave passageway was falling apart. He kept up the ducking as the horse traveled through the cave. MacLeod heard noises becoming louder and louder as they reached the end of the cave showing a vast cave passageway with noises he recognized belonged to bats living in it overhead. He felt fear hitting him. Making him nervous from stories of bats said to attack humanoids traveling through caves by hitting them with their bodies knocking them unconscious followed by feeding onto them as a meal. He breathed hard through his nose. The horse continued to walk through the cave while eyeing the ceiling overhead to spot too many to count bats clinging to it. That rounded in a circle showing an entrance high above. It appeared to show night time due to the night vision being dominant in his eyesight. He grimaced as the horse continued on walking. He feeling himself very nervous while repeatedly eyeing the bats above. He eyed direction the mare was traveling through. He lowered himself onto the horse as he saw the bats abruptly flew all over and around him in numerous directions. Some felt hitting him hard making him while hearing the mare whinny sounding annoyed to him. He kept his tight hold onto the horse while recalling a memory fully in his mind. 

In the memory he saw loomed was tall towering buildings with glass entrances. This including one standing where the horse he was on stopped while having an old male dress in some fancy uniform in front. 
The old male spoke "I'll take the horse to the stable while you go inside. It's Remembrance Day anyway. Also judging by the looks of your uniform you should be home." 
MacLeod obeyed to get off the horse and handed the reins towards the male. The old male he saw walked in a direction towards a building across the empty street. He walked inside the building via its glass entrance and found the elevators. He went inside one. 
MacLeod found the elevator going to a floor of an apartment was held as if compelled to press it from memory of doing it. He pressed the button and stood waiting for the thing to go up which it obeyed to his order. He found the elevator stopped once reaching the floor numbered eighteen.
He heard a computer electronic male like voice speak instead of doors opening like he hoped "Identify yourself and purpose of the visit now."
MacLeod spoke "Tam-Mykola MacLeod call sign Jinks. I'm here to see Victoria Thunder, my Mother well adoptive Mother, for Remembrance Day as promised I would." 
He heard in response "Hold on while I check your identity."
MacLeod figured while on the horse from memory that his stepbrother named Thurin son of his Mother's current husband was speaking through the computer. 'He recalled that Thurin hadn't yet met him in person or knew what he looked like till Day of the Dead an Elf holiday, is when he met him. Hence the computer's wording sounding like that indicating on that to him. He stood impatiently waiting and removed his round like helmet off his shoulder length black hair to clasp into his hands' grips. 
MacLeod frowned as the computer voice spoke again "Entry granted. Your ID has been clarified."
He sighed and found the doors opening to his relief. He wound up to walk into the hallway to find an always young woman he recognized her as his adoptive Mother Victoria Thunder. He saw her having a smiley look on her face he recognized her as his adoptive Mother despite she declaring him her son biologically. She followed by an unfamiliar male looking younger than him and his Mother as his age. The young male was seemingly having a concerned look on his face he assumed was his stepbrother. MacLeod frowned as his Mother reached him to hug him in a tight hug he hugging her back. 
He hearing her speaking loudly "Tam you came like you promised you would." 
MacLeod spoke as his Mother stopped hugging him to show tears coming from her eyes "I aim to keep my promises Mother. I wouldn't let anything stop me from keeping my promise to you regardless of how I got to here."
He eyed his Mother who in response hugged him again and heard her speak "All that matters to me is I have my son safe sound at home for the holiday like I wanted." 
MacLeod mentally thought to himself as he let his Mother hug him from memory of it "Yes if only if you knew of the path I took to get to here."
He didn't protest as his Mother stopped hugging him and led him further into the apartment towards where the celebrations were ongoing at the moment. It was a holiday celebrating the release of the United States' land from Shadan and transported back to Earth the Humans' original home world. He recalled that it was done on a deal between the disbanded High Council the former leadership group of the Elves and between another Human who seemed to have godly powers dubbing himself King Winter. He saw darkness arriving to his eyesight blocking out the memory. 
That confused him to find the hallway's end glowing of light and a male voice speaking "It's not your time yet so return now."
MacLeod frowned as the light stopped shining followed by darkness arriving. 

He came to find himself limply hanging onto the horse still on her back. He felt the pelting of bats had stop to his relief. He raised his form shaking his head of sleep. He saw the bats most of them were gone through the ceiling entrance. He felt relief as the horse entered a cave passageway that didn't seem cold to him or indicate gonoids travelling in it. He sighed softly only to groan of fear as rumbling vibrations was felt. Along with feeling of heat hitting him which he figured that they were traveling near a lava pathway hence the heat and rumbling vibrations. He heard nothing from the horse in response to his fearful feeling.
He mentally thought to himself "I wish I could feel safe from feeling so fearful." 
MacLeod got a communication from Lance blaring unexpectedly "You'll get your wish. So don't you dare let fear take control. Maribel needs you to guide her through this. It's scaring her anyway." 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing Lance's words and forced himself to nose breathe. Despite caves near lava flows usually have gasses that were poisonous towards Humanoids but gonoids indicating they were breathing fine. He groaned as the heat became more blaring making him sweaty unexpectedly. Maribel the horse's name he assumed as he urged the horse continued to walk through the passageway that didn't resists to his urging. He groaned softly feeling himself nervous at each time there was rumbles of earth shakes felt. MacLeod feeling like it could cause rockslides and bury him alive or lava could burst through burning the both of them alive. He looked around all around him seeing the cave was not just of earth but included metal scattered imbedded in the walls and ceiling all around him. He figured were holding the passageway from collapsing. MacLeod groaned feeling more fearful as the heat continued to blare as there were openings in the cave passageway dripping of liquid. He knew by instinct wasn't water but acid judging by them hitting the ground causing smoke to form. He forced Maribel passed those cave entrances instead of letting her stop for a drink by repeatedly manipulating the reins along with thrusting his feet on her sides despite them in stirrups. Due to knowing that the acid would cause death to gonoids and Airans if they drank a drop of it as the familiar crunching noises was heard again. He looked down with fear hitting him seeing the ground had scattered bones all indicating humanoids from the looks of them. MacLeod urged Maribel through the heated cave passageway making her continue. Despite he balking her attempts to stop and her peals of protest indicating drinking statuses. He kept it up till the heat and rumbling vibrations slowly went away. They traveled through the cave passageway till coldness hit unexpectedly making him feel no longer sweaty. He sighed from the coldness only to stiffened of fear as a sign was seen on the wall of the cave passageway. He found was in a popular common Humanoid lettering language of hieroglyphs dubbed Canton as its official name by the Elves' species. He stiffened as they reached the sign to force the horse to stop to read the sign. 
He read saying "Now entering King Winter's domain. Enter at your own risk."
He felt fear hitting him making him gulp air through his mouth. 
MacLeod recalled the Elves made a deal with King Winter to set aside a part of their home to King Winter's domain to use whatever the Cold Lord wanted.
He mentally thought "Ugh King Winter will suck me alive and use me as his food sources." 
He heard from Lance in response "Stop being afraid. He doesn't normally target every single humanoid that comes through this cave passageway. He only targets the ones that don't answer his questions he asks towards Humanoids traveling in his domain." 
He mentally spoke feeling himself still fearful "That talk doesn't help me, God of the Underworld." 
He heard nothing more from Lance in response. He figured that his patron God was working on a solution of keeping King Winter a Humanoid vampire, god lord of the cold and snow who sucks Humans' blood as a way of surviving, off of him. MacLeod urged Maribel through the cave passageway feeling coldness hitting him all around him. That along with seeing the ground appearing to be covered with snow from the horse's legs digging into it. He looked around feeling himself very nervous to meet King Winter unexpectedly as Maribel traveled through the snowy passageway. He sensed himself watched by the familiar senses blaring warning unexpectedly making him begin to panic. That was due to thinking from the senses that the watcher was King Winter himself. He shivered from the cold concentrated ahead of him. Maribel continued to travel through the snow sensing the watcher was nearby but not making an appearance. He felt fear unexpectedly hit as Maribel gave off a loud whinnying noise sounding familiar. She indicating a Humanoid nearby for always giving that noises whenever there were Humanoids nearby traveling hidden instead of hiding waiting to pounce. He concentrated on the cave passageway in front of him. Maribel continued to give off her noises due to sensing she'll keep sounding it till humanoids were no longer sensed near. MacLeod felt Maribel stop abruptly that gave off a whinnying noise in panicky tone despite his attempts to get her moving each met failure. He looked down towards the ground at her feet to see the snow appeared to have clamped around them looking icy to him. He figured that King Winter was nearby observing them from his senses blaring of someone watching. He looked all around him forcing himself to stop feeling fearful as there was a loud roaring noise heard making his fear take hold. MacLeod felt an itchy feeling on the side of his neck scratched the area only to continue feeling itchiness on the other side of his neck which he again scratched with a free hand off the reins. He continued to hold the reins as he scratched his neck all over the place. Until a cold hand Humanoid with clawed fingernails felt clamped around it in some gagging choke hold. The choke hold seemed to focus onto one side making him look off his right. He saw the hand belonged to King Winter in a humanoid form gnashing fanged teeth aimed at him while wearing an icy like pointed crown on top of the long haired head. Jinks saw the male was sticking out of the icy cave wall up to his chest clad in gonoid skin clothing. 
He felt himself nervous some more as a male voice loud and demanding blasted in his mind "Identify yourself or suffer my wrath!"
The stranger felt fear take control spoke in Summeran out loud "The name is Tam-Mykola MacLeod sir. Excuse me for traveling through your domain your lordship." 
MacLeod eyed King Winter who cocked his head with Humanoid eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
He again got the loud demanding voice he figured was King Winter's, speaking mentally to him "You reek of Lance Richard! Explain that!"
MacLeod spoke out loud "Lance gave up a part of him to be implanted in a Humanoid female who bore me. This was resulted from him saying that I'm an offspring of him fathered through a female that despite some story claiming the female was his own daughter." 
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself still nervous as King Winter without a word released his neck and disappeared through the icy wall. Wall he saw wound up closing up behind the cold lord. 
MacLeod mentally spoke feeling himself still nervous "I hope that's the last I see King Winter around here. He makes me nervous." 
He heard from his Father, Lance in response "Actually King Winter is just observing you like he does regarding visitors traveling through his domain kingdom. He only feeds off people who don't cooperate with his questioning." 
MacLeod groaned softly feeling himself nervous as the watching feeling resumed. He found to his relief Maribel able to move by her moving unexpectedly traveling through the snow. He shivered from the cold as there was a loud roaring noise heard making him panic recognizing the noise as King Winter's reported pet guardian some kind of giant crocogator dinosaur. MacLeod shook from the noises as Maribel continued to travel through the cave. He heard water running unexpectedly heard the horse give off excited sounds and figured that she was terribly thirsty. He guided Maribel through the cave passageway feeling himself nervous of when King Winter's pet guardian would pounce on them unexpectedly. There was a small waterfall come into view from the wall which he felt the horse needed a drink urged her towards it. He ran his fingers through the waterfall finding it was harmless water and leaned towards it taking gulps of water. He allowing Maribel to have her fill from the stream of water seeing that she was terribly thirsty from how lengthy she drank. MacLeod once done drinking and seeing Maribel done guided the horse out of the cave passageway making him want to leave King Winter's domain as fast as possible. He traveled through a cave passageway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding familiar to him. Making him look up unexpectedly to see with fear a giant scaly gonoid he recognized as some giant dinosaur like crocodile. It was appearing to be biting at the see through ceiling above him and not having success in breaking it. He eyed the ceiling to see it was entirely smooth and see through as the massive crocodile followed their progress while biting repeatedly. They entered a cave passageway with ground blocking his view. 
He sighed and looked around stopping Maribel's progress seeing a sign in the wall saying "Now leaving King Winter's Kingdom. Entering neutral territory domain between the cold lord and Elves, enter at your own risk." 
He felt himself nervous as Maribel continued to travel through the cave passageway that was littered with plants in the walls. He urged her to continue instead of letting her stop to graze on them. He exhaled a breath and inhaled through his mouth from fear hitting him as the watching sense continued instead of stopping. He forced himself to nose breathe again. He figured to himself that King Winter was still observing him making him still nervous. They both traveled through the cave passageway. MacLeod forced Maribel to ignore the plants despite her whinnying of protest. She indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them. He gasped as he saw bones of a Human hanging from the plants on the wall. He figured that it was actually a living sentient ivy plant that captured people and gonoids for King Winter to feed off of once ensnared in its ivy vines. He urged Maribel through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it. The plant's ivy vines making him nervous in being captured by the ivy plant's whims for King Winter to feed off of. MacLeod had to duck repeatedly as the ivy's vines dangled in the cave passageway. He felt a choking sensation around his neck as something wrapped around it abruptly. He halted Maribel and reached with a hand to feel the ivy's vine was wrapped around him. He pulled at the ivy vine with both hands finding his efforts met failure. The plant's hold continued becoming tighter and tighter making him gag as he felt another ivy vine around him focused around his middle. MacLeod felt fear hitting him struggled to free himself by yanking onto the ivy with his hands finding the plant refused to budge. He felt panic taking hold heard Maribel giving off whinnying in terror sounds. He looked to see the ivy's vines was around her neck area and she was caught by the ivy as he was. MacLeod gasped for air again as he struggled to breathe finding the ivy plant was cutting off his oxygen from its tight hold. He jerked as he sensed himself watched by senses again blaring warning. 
MacLeod screamed out "Help me now!"
He found in an answer to his cry was a loud roaring sound sounding familiar to him. The ivy vine yanked him off the horse dangling him choking for a breath in the air. He eyed Maribel finding she was caught by the ivy vine as well and couldn't bolt. He felt the ivy vine around his neck let go abruptly making him gasp for air finding himself able to breathe again but the plant's hold around his middle continued. He again felt an itchy feeling on his neck off his left jerked his head to see dangling from a vine was a familiar Humanoid he recognized as King Winter who had a hand on his neck with fingers touching the area. He stiffened of fear sensing that King Winter was going to feed off of him as the cold lord grabbed his neck in some choke hold. 
He gagged as he heard mentally blaring in his mind "I'll let you go! You said the code words I was expecting to hear from Humanoids caught in my pet's snared trap! You blab of this to anyone and I'll know of it! I won't be mercy next time we meet so keep your mouth shut or else!"
MacLeod bobbed his head in some Humanoid styled yes gesture. He felt himself freed from the holds' of King Winter and ivy's vines to land onto the ground with a grunt sound knocking his head on a rock passing out unconscious to dream of a memory. 

He recalled coming to smelling food triggering his mouth to water abruptly. He woke up finding himself in a small brown room with only a mattress on the floor that appeared to be a jail cell by the windows barred. He went to the door finding it was ajar and appearing to be made out of metal. He saw food in bowls sitting on a stand in the hallway lighted by glowing lights that didn't indicate of fire to him by smell hung from the walls. He felt himself confused to why the mysterious inhabitants of the jail containing him on his request had him out of the room. That included of just keeping him isolated in his jail cell on his request for long periods of time. Along with only dropping off nourishments once they were sure he was passed out unconscious or not aware of them doing the drop off. He exhaled a breath and went to the food to sit hearing a door slam sound behind him. He looked to find the jail cell's door shut. 
He went to the door to yank and heard it giving off an unfamiliar noise with an odd female monotone voice speaking "Door locked."
MacLeod frowned hearing that. He felt himself terribly hungry ate the food via using his hands. That was not able to find utensils to eat them. This included sipping via bowl rim its liquid's contents. He was completely done eating and drinking to stand up taking a look around in the hallway. He assumed was it looking like it was like stone walls from the looks of it. That except for the glowing lights to find a metallic fence see through gate slamming down in the direction he was facing with spear points jutting from it. MacLeod exhaled a breath and inhaled turning around to go in the direction the jail's inhabitants wanted him to go to. He followed the hallway seemingly having closed doors on both sides of him. The doors gave up their familiar wording to him when he tried to open each of them by hand on the doorknob. He exhaled a breath and figured that he'll follow the hallway and give up trying doors. He proceeded to do seemingly lengthy finding a set of stone like rock stairs going up at the end of the hallway. He followed finding himself having to use night vision. Due to the glowing lights weren't there and in place of each of them were one figure of male form covered up in all odd soft clothing resembled military wear to him. They had a stick weapon in their hands that would attack him with swinging the weapon aimed at his head. They attacked him while they trying to avoid him trying to knock the weapon out of their hands. He found himself doing movements of kicking and fisting and arm swinging. That seemed odd to him like he had muscle memory of doing them despite not doing them before. He was doing them aimed at the figures enough to get them knocked off their feet hitting their backs or head. This resulted in the figures appearing to have form still like unconscious. He kept on hearing some loud noise that sounded like the door's noises after it slammed itself shut. Or tumbling down the steps after pushing them to do that and hearing odd noises that made him confused other than hearing the familiar noises. He kept up the fighting style combat onto multiple figures he met on the stairwell. He reached the top showing a metal door in the wall ending in like a dead end. MacLeod frowned seeing the door was shut and having some beeping light blinking from something next to it. His mind told him was a button panel he finding himself shocked to identify it. He eyed the panel warily till the door slid open. He saw the hallway was showing a lengthy round hallway by top with light of sunlight shining through. It had a flat bottom floor that didn't seem to indicate anything to him. He walked into the hallway and stiffened looking up through the rounded end to see something. That his mind told him was water including various water gonoids of different sizes swimming in view some swimming elsewhere. He looking at the sides to find one side had a rocky wall. The other side was seemingly endless of one color of sunlight shining through and had multiple water breathing gonoids swimming in sight all over. He frowned but followed the hallway. He reached the end to find a see through door from mind identifying it. With three males all Elves standing behind it two forming blank expressions on their faces while the third had some glaring expression on his face despite arms folded. All were clad in some odd colored clothes that was different from his clothing. It made him confused to why he was out of isolation at the jail instead of contained for his safety. He grimaced recalling the reason why he was contained. MacLeod frowned eyeing the arm folded male Elf in the eyes. 
His mind said "Captain Fatherland." 
He frowned of the wording in his mind as he continued to eye the arm folded male who jabbed a finger aimed in his direction. He looked to see the door open going sideways leaving nothing in place of him and the three males. As the arm folded male resumed folding his arms while giving off a familiar sound. He feeling confused to what it was till he stiffened getting a headache hitting his head to rub a hand on his forehead. He grimaced visibly on his face to get memories of a male named Tam-Mykola MacLeod given the nickname of Jinks by the Elves' hidden leader dubbed Horus.
He spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Sir something I can do for you?"
He frowned at the accent and language use he used that sounded different from his original language and accent. As he eyed Captain Fatherland who rolled his eyes before focusing onto him and jabbing a finger aimed at him and forming his familiar noises. He figured was throat clearing to realize that he was only clad in a pair of tight shorts covering his sensitive part and seat and nothing else on his form or shoes on his feet. He felt confused to why he wasn't wearing his usual jumpsuit despite thinking that he was wearing it. 
MacLeod recalled fully what Captain Fatherland was indicating spoke "Excuse me sir but where can I get properly attired?"
He frowned eyeing Captain Fatherland who spoke "Come along." 
MacLeod wordlessly followed Captain Fatherland. He finding the blank faced expression males taking up the rear. 
He found them in a hallway twin to the one he was in before indicating the water scene seemingly lengthy till a door of metal came into sight. He saw split in two showing an all metallic square room he figured was an elevator. 
MacLeod got inside and heard Captain Fatherland order "Deck Two now."
He recalled the jail was actually the United States' Island nation of New Britain's national Navy Corp's home base was underwater near the island nation's territory on Terra. He recalled that the group's home base was secretly in its underwater spot holding Elves hidden from the vampires on Terra. MacLeod recalled that the Elves didn't care to make contact with the Bloodies themselves or that they were responsible for medical manipulations done onto Humans living in Terra via hidden statuses. Their hiding in the ocean was due to how nasty the sea life and weather elements were towards the Humans traveling in the area of New Britain in the ocean. He recalled being told that the Humans on the island nation of New Britain and its island territories avoided the area due to the stormy weather and harsh seas. That despite the Navy Corp group successfully managed to build their base there. They also managed to as he recalled trained the sea life also domesticated by Elves to warn them of when people were attempting to come into the area to do their explorations. Sabotage would be done onto those people's sea vessels enough to kick them out. MacLeod frowned as the elevator stopped followed by throat clearing noises from Captain Fatherland as he was dubbed instead of using his actual name. He felt a needle dart get into his neck putting him unconscious. 

MacLeod groaned coming to while rubbing his head from the memory of being kicked out of the Navy Corp's secret underwater base. He recalled being sent to the mainland nation of the United States' state territory of God's Arm to live. He stiffened sensing himself still watched from senses blaring. He saw King Winter had gone in hiding and wasn't in sight. He forced himself to get up from the ground and walked towards Maribel that whinnied some sound sounding annoyed to him. He found the ivy vines had stopped their holds around her along with seeing the plant's dangling limbs in the cave passageway removed themselves abruptly. He exhaled a breath and inhaled breathing deeply to get himself onto Maribel's saddle adjusting the reins. MacLeod urged her to continue into the cave passageway finding her not protesting to his order. MacLeod eyed the ivy plant warily as they both traveled through the cave passageway finding the ivy plant's limbs moved out of the way whenever he saw them dangling. He felt wind blowing into the cave passageway as the plant ended making himself relieved but still nervous as the watching sense stopped. MacLeod urged Maribel through the cave to find themselves exiting the cave passageway and into fresh air of outside. He saw was actually a cliff hang with a rope bridge over a gorge leading to another cave entrance making him still nervous. 
He groaned out a soft groan and mentally spoke "When will I get out of traveling through the cave? It's enclose space is freaking me out." 
MacLeod heard from Lance "What did I tell you as in a warning? It involves when you started taking that path to the town of Wolf's Howl, New York in the Human's territory lands. That despite your obsession with that place anyway? Don't tell me that King Winter sickened you to go to there despite all of New England transported off Aire back to Earth."
He groaned softly and urged Maribel onto the rope bridge feeling himself still nervous as Lance kept speaking "You know what the deal involving King Winter did regarding the Humans' land. He only transported what's left of New England onto Earth and that was it. He balked transporting anything else instead remained on Earth and hasn't been seen since. That despite the Elves as they call themselves instead of that name of Highlander has been led to think the entire United States was transported off Shadan or Aire as they call it. Its short for Airhead. Don't blame me for that name." 
He forced himself to ignore Lance's chatter as he forced himself to not look down despite always feeling some fear as the horse traveled onto the rope bridge. He breathed hard through his mouth as the rope bridge again swayed from Maribel's manipulating. They reached the cave entrance which they both went inside. 
He again heard from Lance "Tam-Mykola answer me now!"
MacLeod groaned of fear hearing the parental authority from his Father's voice tone.
He mentally spoke "You told me that I'll be risking my life. The horse I'll be using as my means of travel to the city of where I'm going. Also you told me that I could die from the traveling route." 
MacLeod heard nothing from Lance in response figured that his Father was waiting for a perfect moment to scare him. Due to knowing that his unexpected voice sounding in his mind scared him unexpectedly and had suffered from being shocked by that before as darkness arrived within his eyesight. 

MacLeod felt nervousness take hold after freed from the Elves' prison kingdom underwater on a planet dubbed Terra he found underwater swimming towards an eater mountain that knocked him unconscious according to them. He found himself dumped into a pool of water via flying machine belonging to the Elves and swam to the surface to find a horse sitting docile as if waiting for him to ride her. He recognized the horse as Maribel as dubbed by the Elves showing him pictures of her. MacLeod forced himself to get onto Maribel and found her galloping as if she was guided to a destination to someplace he not sure where she was taking him. He found her running into a cave passageway. Maribel galloped through the cave passageway he saw was entirely rounded all over and appeared to be made out of machine from the looks of it. It was big and large enough for a horse and rider to gallop through it. 
He sigh feeling himself safe from harm to think "I'm safe from harm."
He felt nervousness as he heard "You're not safe till your back in the United States' state domain of Elizabethan Town underneath the care of the Lancelot's people." 
MacLeod felt himself still nervous unexpectedly despite hearing the voice belonging to one of the Sages, Walls he figured was the speaker. 
MacLeod mentally spoke "Safe underneath the Lancelot's people among those weirdos with their creepy all blue eyes staring at me like they could read my soul? Didn't you see how they treated me like I was some prized object? Worth kept contained in some glass prison cell? Only given nourishment of strawberry milkshakes through bottles dropped from the ceiling?"
He shivered from the memory of his containment by the group called Lancelot reportedly said to worship Lance Richard as their god despite the Bloodies' attempts to get them to worship them as deities. The group Lancelot had habitually seeing human males with Lance's face as his vessel on Terra and had balked from their beliefs of Lance Richard despite the male's name changed to All Seeing One via Bloodies who worshipped the male god. He heard nothing in response from the Sages. He figured that the Sages was angry at him and not going to comment till they was over the mood. He again urged Maribel through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest. He allowed the horse to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance. He sighed shivering from the fearful feeling hitting him unexpectedly making him shake. He forced himself to calm down breathing through his nose as Maribel stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants. He continued to ride through the forest till Maribel reared up unexpectedly. He gripped the reins tightly as he could keeping himself on her as she again gave off her noises indicating Humanoids nearby. 
He heard "Surrender your gold or else stranger for we have you surrounded!"
MacLeod felt himself nervous hearing the voice recognizing it as Human and foreign and not Brazilian nationally despite Brazil now underneath the United States' state territory control, and male and not of a Bloody to his relief. The voice was appearing to belonging to a band of thieves of foreigners unable to get citizenship to the United States. They were reportedly living in the forest that would rob traveling citizens of their riches and horses. The thievery of horses would leave victims to travel on foot through the area becoming a victim of the Bloodies species that were still haunting the jungles of the states despite no sighting of them since their main King's passing away status. He mentally sensed the Master in control kept his hands on the reins and eyed the forest in front of him. He saw the bushes rumble showing three males wearing facial masks while dressed raggedy on foot holding gun arrow weapons pointed at him. 
He heard from one of them "Get off your horse or I'll shoot!"
MacLeod eyed the men and mentally spoke while waving his hands in surrender gestures towards the males "Sleep, sleep." 
He saw his order obeyed by the males shaking their heads as if they were hit with sleepiness. He felt relief as they fell collapsing onto the ground with forms still but sensed them alive. 
He heard "Beep, beep, beep."
MacLeod groaned hearing the noises making him nervous. The greenery in front of him rumbled showing a three horned towering overhead dinosaur with fanged teeth. He spied a metal collar around its neck with a jeweled object in the middle of it as the beeping noises continued loudly. He stiffened of fear hitting him recognizing the noises coming from the dinosaur's collar warning humanoids of whenever a domesticated dinosaur was near. It was an invention by the Elves hoping to travel hidden in the jungle to do medical experiments onto the Human natives including on the remains of the extinct Bloody species they not sparing him of their experiments. He heard Maribel whinny in terror. He got her to continue into the forest making her gallop out of sight and away from the males to spy behind him was the dinosaur giving chase with the beeping noises sounding loudly. He continued to feel fear hitting him as the dinosaur's beeping noises was joined by multiple beeping noises sounding all over the place all around him to him. He saw a path indicating horse back travel use. He figured that he'll take it to keep himself safe from running into dinosaurs hidden in the forest despite beeping noises heard all around. He felt Maribel's nervousness underneath him urged the horse to run with him nervous himself still guiding her over the path. He continued on hearing noises of domesticated dinosaurs roaring all around him overtaking the beeping noises that sounded like they were hungry to him. He felt nervousness hit him as he continued galloping away on Maribel.
He thinking "Please don't let us bump into a dinosaur accidentally. Please don't have them target my ride until I'm done with her. I don't think I can stand travel through this forest without her." 
MacLeod found to his fear his plea ignored as they again bumped into a dinosaur by Maribel rearing up again whinnying of terror as the path curved towards the right. He halted the horse to see a dinosaur come out of the bushes gnashing fanged teeth while wearing a metal collar around its neck. He urged Maribel to gallop away onto the horse path. He heard multiple beeping noises sounding all around him instead of dinosaur roaring noises. He felt himself nervous as he and Maribel continued to bump into dinosaurs. They always indicating that they were hungry and wanted to eat his ride by aiming their mouths towards her along with giving chase through the forest. He and her traveled on the path. He halted Maribel when he saw a large structure loomed in sight unexpectedly showing the path leading towards it seeing a metal wall with a large metal like drawbridge door that had a sign next to it. He heard zapping of electricity sounds behind him loudly halting dinosaurs' following progress. He looked behind him to see the familiar three horned dinosaur was still in the vicinity making steps towards him and witnessed the metal collar's jewel glow along with electricity zapping sounds heard coming from it. The gonoid backed up along with resuming stepping towards him with collar glowing again each time which would cause it to back up. 
MacLeod sighed feeling himself safe for now shifted to read the sign saying in Elves' hidden glowing language for people with night vision to see "Yukon City.” 
MacLeod sighed again seeing that he had arrived to the Elves' stronghold and saw the drawbridge door. 
He figured was the entrance held up a hand mentally speaking "Unlock now." 
He heard a clunk along with a bang sound coming from the drawbridge that refused to budge opening. 
He heard in response "Inappropriate gonoid detected."
MacLeod groaned recognizing the voice as the computerized gatekeeper again held up his hand and mentally spoke "Unlock now." 
He again got the familiar computer voice speaking its familiar words. MacLeod felt frustration hitting him as there were laser lights seen. The lights indicating that the gatekeeper was going to shoot him by fireballs. 
He lowered his hand and snarled out "Drat the dinosaurs for being nearby."
He urged Maribel to a slow walk following the structure’s wall that revealed a high overhead fence while hearing humming of electricity appearing to be coming from it. 
He groaned out "I got to get inside to safety." 
He groaned of fear hitting him again figuring out that the town was shut for the night. He would be forced to stay out in the forest a target for domesticated dinosaurs and thieves. He followed the wall seeing building structures from peering through it. 
He paused as his eyesight traveled off his left where he saw a small hill with an identical like fence surrounding it not surrounded by the town’s fence. He felt curiosity hitting him overtaking his fear urged the horse to gallop towards the hill’s fence. Despite hearing multiple beeping noises coming from the following dinosaurs. He saw underneath the see through fence was a cemetery and recognized it with familiarity hitting him. He reached the fence seeing it was high overhead and too high for the horse to jump over it while hearing humming of electricity. He followed the fence till a box on a metal pole stand stood a Humanoid male adult arm length came into sight which he spotted a door in it indicating an entrance. He dismounted with a hand on the reins and went to the box. He opened its door to see a large metal switch in it. He pulled it down and heard the electricity humming stop while sensing the electricity had ceased. He turned the horse around and released the reins and slapped Maribel on the rump causing her to take off running into the forest out of sight. He hearing her whinnying in terror before hearing loud roaring noises loudly sounding happy to him. He grimaced from that figuring out what the domesticated dinosaurs were guardians of the town from hearing about it from a memory of it appearing in his mind. He figured that they had managed to get their mouths onto the horse to feed off of. Hence he hearing her terror noises and their noises of happiness to him. He went to the gate sliding it open and closed it behind him while spotting an identical box on a stand a same length away with a worn grass path next to it. He went to the box and opened it pulling up the switch. He again heard the sound of electricity humming through the fence. Sighing he walked among rows of tombstones looking worn from the weather's elements looking at the gravestones’ names eyes searching. His feet led him to a row which he entered and walked among the graves eyes aimed at the tombstones till his eyes settled on two separated from the row by the contents facing another direction. 
He walked around the gravestones till he saw the name of one read "Beatrice Knightman."
MacLeod sighed of relief hitting him feeling himself safe from harm. He walked to kneel in front of the tombstone less than an arm length away that said his Nightwalker's persona's Mother's name. 
He smiled a small smile and spoke out loud “I have come like I said I would. I won’t leave you again.” 
He reached a hand to touch the stone jutting up from the ground in a round arch to feel the carved words on it. He sighed again as a memory of Beatrice his Nightwalker's persona's Mother looking pale and sick with no hair on her head flashed in his mind. He shut his eyes allowing the memory to come through him. 
He remembered walking into a building in Elizabethan Town around night time taking an elevator while feeling urged to hurry. 
MacLeod with memories of Nightwalker's son fully in his mind pressed a button that that had wording label next to it said “Penthouse.”
He stood in the elevator brimming with impatience while wearing a business suit and a hat covering his head and sunglasses covering his eyes. The elevator reached its floor showing a hallway with a checkered floor. He heard crying sounds in the distance allowed him to follow it to an open a bit doorway. He peered through to see multiple people gathered inside a room that appeared to be a sitting room from the looks of it along with noticing some had their backs to the doorway. He could hear the crying becoming louder from inside the room. MacLeod felt his feet lead him away from the door to down the hallway to a door at the end that was ajar as if compelled. He peered inside putting away his sunglasses to see a massive bed with a canopy in the room and froze with fear hitting him seeing a female figure lying inside on the bed with no hair on her head. He sighed willing aside the fearful feeling as the female opened her eyes as if detecting him aimed at the doorway staring at him watching. He gently opened the door wider and walked inside shutting it behind him. 
He heard from the female in bed a raspy feminine voice speaking “Robert, you came like you promised you would.” 
He sigh recognizing Nightwalker's son Robert's Mother’s voice despite the raspy tone and went to the bed to sit on it taking her hand in his grip to squeeze then let go. He stared at Robert's Mother who smiled a weak smile at him. 
She signed weakly with her hands using their secret hand language due to her hearing loss “I told the others to come back when the sun rises. I didn’t want them to know of you visiting me.” 
He nodded his head towards Beatrice who again signed “A pity that sicknesses of cancer can’t touch you, Robert. Oh well I had you tested and it appears your immune to the cancer sicknesses. At least I’ll be with my first love Victor again. What a reunion it’ll be when I see him.”
MacLeod sighed again softly at the name of his Mother's first Husband mate Victor as he was named before she paired herself to Nightwalker and bore the male's offsprings, as she gripped his hand again. 
Then she signed after letting go “I have told the others to bury me where Nightwalker is buried. Will you visit my grave from time to time remembering me?”
He signed “Yes I will. I will come to visit and will be sure to remember you.” 
He frowned as Beatrice gave off a raspy cough sound then she signed “Nightwalker, remember me will you?”
He nodded his head as Beatrice closed her eyes and he heard her breathing become lesser and lesser followed by her breathing cut off. He felt her body gave up its life to death. MacLeod raised a hand towards her in a salute then gripped her hand as if saying thanks then released his hold on her hand and then got up from the bed putting on his sunglasses. He left the room quietly walking pass the doorway where crying sounds were heard. He went to the elevator taking it down to the lobby floor where he walked out of the building into the night as fear hit him unexpectedly a feeling that continued to remain with him.

MacLeod blinked his eyes of the memory flashing in his mind of Beatrice's death. From remembering that she always saw him as her son despite she admitting to him later of being aware of his unnatural mental Humanoid abilities known by her and known that he wasn't her son biologically. This including his ability to be immune to various humanoids' deadly like sicknesses all his life he lived in Terra while contained by the Elves and their obsession with Nightwalker himself. The sicknesses wound up hitting Beatrice, a love that continued her life when she discovered him in a forest jungle living off land like a savage and feeding off the animals. She again meeting him in the United States' city of Yukon, after reportedly dying of cancer a medical sickness put into her body by the Elves purposely to kill her off after it was obvious she was going to live too long to their standards. It was her excuse for leaving him living in Elizabethan Town underneath the care of a former food slave Nikolai, abruptly without an explanation to go to the United States' main territory states bound just to get more medical care for her sicknesses that turned out to be terminal as the Elves hoped it would. 

He opened his eyes to stare at Beatrice he always loved as his Mother’s gravestone and gave it a rub with his hand in a care gesture. He adjusted his position to lie down onto his back eyes staring at the moonlight sky while taking off his hat spilling his hair, onto his chest. He continuing to hear faint roaring noises of domesticated dinosaurs sounding faintly. He sigh feeling himself safe from harm but the feeling of fear continued to stay with him. He willed away the Master. He sigh again eyes staring at sky in color green as a memory of himself wearing his gonoid skin clothing living homeless off the streets of New Jack City flashed in his mind. He had lived there for uncounted number of time struggling to find a way to Elizabethan Town a town that over too many leagues away from New Jack City. Until one morning he out of desperation came upon a policeman walking his horse on a deserted street. He snuck behind the policeman getting onto the horse from behind and thrust an arm around the male's neck in some choking hold making him gasp for air loudly. He kept onto the choke hold sensing the man's breathing become lesser and lesser till the man stopped moving and became limp in his arms sensing he had passed out unconscious. He pushed aside the policeman who fell onto the ground along with dumping the sunglasses he wore onto the male's front. He grabbed the reins and galloped it out of the city in the direction where Elizabethan Town lay. It had taken him all day of riding the horse to the fence's border surrounding New Jack City and its lands. He trying to find an way out and a place for getting supplies. He came upon an inn at the entrance with a stable and found a stable hand sleeping in a stall with a horse appearing to be set for riding along with supplies found on the horse. MacLeod recalling waved a hand towards the stable hand with the Master in control who appeared to resist to his sleep mental order. He was forced to thrust a fist into the stable hand's face repeatedly seeing the male woke up but went unconscious from the fisting. He switched horses quietly and used the fresh horse to take him away out of the fence's entrance despite guarded by the machine guards there. He had managed to use the Master abilities to shut down the machines' attempts to keep him from leaving the area by saying the command of machine out. That along with a mental order of getting the locked door to the entrance open and then once out used his powers to get it shut behind him. The travel had taken him many days and sleepless nights with the horse to get to Elizabethan Town that was now a stronghold for the Elves to live in hidden from the Humans who got fed up with living underwater. That along with repeatedly outwitting non domesticated dinosaurs' attempts to target him and his ride as food till he reached the town at night. He shut his eyes figuring that he'll sleep. 

MacLeod dreamed of himself on horseback riding through a forest with night vision hitting. He felt fear as the horse stopped abruptly rearing up giving off whinnying sounds of terror nearly knocking him off of her. He clung to the reins and kept a hold onto her. He saw the bushes in front rumble to show a group of horned humanoid sized dinosaurs with fanged teeth came out of the bushes in front of him and acted hungry towards him indicating that they wanted food to eat. They by trying to target her despite she kicking at them along with giving chase when he rode the horse away while still feeling the fearful feeling of fear. 
He stiffened as Walls blared in his mind "Get the horse and yourself into a river now! The dinosaurs will quit following for their not the type to go into water anyway!"
MacLeod obeyed galloping the horse away through the forest listening for sounds of a river with the chasing dinosaurs giving chase. This following seemingly lengthy till they reached a cliff overhang and wound up surrounded by the dinosaurs. He felt fear as he forced Maribel off the cliff falling down to land into a giant pond with river opening. He forced the horse swim in the river for a lengthy period till it was apparent the dinosaurs had lost interests in chasing him for getting him or his ride as food. He then got her to swim out onto the bank then rode her towards where he wanted to go guided by his instincts telling him where the town lay. He wound up with an image of a tree flashed in his mind making him confused. He focused fully in his mind eyeing it as if drawn to see a wooden door in the tree. He wound up seeing via eyesight' of a hand opening the door and showing nothing but darkness which he felt a compulsion to go inside. He obeyed falling through a hole to see at the bottom was a round metal circle flashing clouds in the middle of it to fall through it. He came out finding himself in the sky heading towards water to fall into it with a splash. He surfaced with swimming expertly to discovering himself in a lake. 
He forced himself to swim to the shore coming upon three females all looking alike all dressed in white robes that looked the same that spoke together in unison "Beatrice is your name as you shall be called. We will teach you how to survive on this world to birth a son with the Father we approve. He shall be called by the name of Victor leader of the Souler species, as prophesied." 
MacLeod stiffened hearing that to recall it was a memory of Beatrice his Mother's existence of coming into Terra reportedly claimed to him on her deathbed was from a world named Aire like he was from. He recalled an island dubbed Island of Goddesses as dubbed among the United States' natives. It was one of the thirteen unexplored sea islands dubbed Isle of Forbidden near the United States' territory islands. Isle of Forbidden was dubbed that name due to how dangerous it looked to humanoids to survive on. Also gonoids known to cause sabotage to boats trying to land onto them which he recalled one island was dubbed a name Island of Goddesses. It was due to three triplet female adults looking pleasant to the eye to males by their scantily clad white clothing were seen on the island. They were observed to be shaking their heads in a no gesture whenever people on their boats tried to get ashore. The three females would make a pointing gesture making the person on the boat compelled to turn it around and away from the island which had always happened every time there was an attempt to visit it. 

He dreamed of a memory of how he came to be contained in the Navy Corp's jail involving the Elves taking control of Elizabethan Town and kicking out the Humans one by one with acts of death. He recalled jerking his eyes finding himself sitting chained in a chair clad in only his shorts on his form. He underneath a spotlight as he saw in front of him was a gonoid his mind told him was a tiger having a collar and a chain attached. The chain led to a figure indicating a feminine form while wearing a hooded black robe covering her from head to foot he eyed her warily. 
He frowned eyeing the female to hear a male voice speaking "It is him the one born from the Goddess Beatrice dubbed the name of Tam-Mykola MacLeod." 
MacLeod recalled stiffened hearing that as the male voice continued talking "What do you have to say for your defense on this accusation hmm?"
MacLeod felt himself confused spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Accusation? What are you implying?"
He jerked as he felt electrical charges hitting him from the chains wrapped around his arms and legs pinning him to the chair. 
He grimacing fully as the male voice spoke "A female named Beatrice Nightwalker according to our records on Terra has repeatedly lied over the years since the death of a King named George that his killer wasn't her son we identify as you Nightwalker himself. That despite showing some favor attitude towards the one who was pointed out to kill him and preserving his body. Including refusing people's attempts to get it traditionally burned. She also was known to repeatedly hiding the killer's body from place to place. It was out of King George's people's hands or attempts to burn it thwarted by her. What do you have to say about this since its obvious that your Beatrice's son and murderer of King George?"
He exhaled a breath as the electrical charges stopped. He recalled getting an image of Lance Richard flashing in his mind for the first time shocking him. 
He wound up hearing from Lance speaking "Its Lance Richard. I'm in a safe place contacting you. Don't tell them of the contact. Just tell them that my Mother never raised me since I was born. Instead I was raised by another woman unsure of her name. She used her influence without my Mother's influence to have me kill King George then she had a servant of hers kill me after I did the killing." 
MacLeod recalled speaking Lance's words only to jerk grimacing feeling electrical charges running through him. 
He heard from the voice "You lie on this talk! You were observed power mad and wanting to be King and doing anything to achieve that King title!"
He recalling spoke "Then contain me in containment for the murder for life kept in isolation period."
He heard "You admit to the murder of King George?"
MacLeod sighed and spoke "Yes." 
He heard an edge in his voice tone but found the voice didn't question him of it as a needle like dart was found into his front. 
He recalling getting sleepy and passing out unconscious. 
He continued to recall to wake up in his jail cell only fed nourishments via bowls put in his cell by hidden people while he was asleep. He remembered being contained for an unknown time period till he was freed from the jail cell. 
He wound up feeling himself falling through darkness despite no night vision flaring. 
The darkness seemed endless and the same with the falling till he found light blaring into his eyes abruptly. It wound up making him squint from the glare along with shaking his head and trying to get the light's blinding source away from his eyes that remained.
He saw fully he was standing on a beach with the ocean water lapping it. He felt a compulsion to remain in its spot as the scene went black.

MacLeod woke up with a gasp gasping for breath of the dreams flashing in his mind. 
He figured the sensation of falling through the darkness was Lance's experience of wounding up where he was contained. 
He gulped air again through his mouth. He felt the warmth of the campfire hitting him eyed the sky seeing it was passed sunset by the sunlight almost gone. He eyed Maribel to see she was still tied to the bush appearing to be grazing on the grasses eating them and looking not concerned. He shut his eyes figuring out that he was safe for now. 
He remembered clearly in his mind Walls telling him after he started the journey to Elizabethan Town after leaving the fenced area surrounding New Jack City and its lands "MacLeod turn back now! It's not worth it risking your life traveling to Elizabeth an Town!" 
He remembered that he told off the Sages mentally by saying "I'm going period and you can't stop me so shut up now!"
The Sages in response had stopped their chatter instead seemed silent during most of the duration of the ride. He recalled the Sages wound up speaking interrupting his thoughts to tell him from time to time to stay on the horse whenever he thought of getting off of her. MacLeod forced himself to nose breathe within his mouth as he recalled. He hearing that dinosaurs were sensed following travelers on horseback but keeping their distance from them along with hiding as he rode the horse through the forest. Some were brave enough to confront demanding either him or his horse for feeding by coming out of the bushes. He sighed from the feeling of fear to hear a faint eerie roar sounding from his left. He stiffened from the noises to recall having a nightmare of coming upon another group of horned fanged teeth dinosaurs who howled the sound chilling him to the bone. His horse in fear ran with him clinging to the saddle and the dinosaurs were in the dream sensed not chasing instead were just hiding. He continued to recall himself and the horse finding those dinosaurs hiding in the forest by nearly coming upon them from their hiding spot on the way to the town. 

MacLeod sigh and shut his eyes falling asleep feeling like he earned his rest and that he was safe for now but the feeling of fear remained. 
He dreamed of himself lying in a bed including chain manacles wrapped around his wrists and ankles pinning them to the bed's sides. He saw in the dream his eyesight focusing his eyes onto a male Elf with short blond hair remove a light's source he recognized as a flashlight while clad in a doctor's uniform. The uniform was he later learned involved the Elves' Navy Corps complete with the insignia of a wave on the jacket. He frowned eyeing the male he assumed was a doctor.
The doctor spoke "Test subject Nightwalker, aka Tam-Mykola MacLeod appears to be lucid judging by stimulation of reacting to the flashlight. This includes while looking alert and indicating some Humanity awareness judging by the look in his eyes aimed at me." 
MacLeod frowned forming it on his lips hearing the doctor's wording use of Nightwalker.
The male shifted to look in another direction while adding "As far as I'm concern for the test subject Nightwalker, he survived the serum darted into him. He appears to not have the insanity associated with the medicine and is completely healed from the mortal injury to his back by records saying he was killed that way." 
MacLeod shifted to look where the doctor was looking to find a familiar male Elf he recalling was Captain Fatherland he later learned the male's name. This time was wearing different clothes on his form consisted of clothes of brown shoes, blue pants a blue jacket and a white shirt peeking out standing there with arms folded. 
Captain Fatherland spoke "Good, doctor. I have questions that need answering. I do hope that the serum didn't affect his memory enough to answer them." 
MacLeod continued to eye Captain Fatherland as the doctor's voice was heard "Rest assured that his memory is intact period. He'll be able to answer questions as crystal clearly as you want sir." 
He kept his eyes on the doctor as the male added turning to look at him "Your name is according to legend is Julian Nightwalker. He reportedly killed King George a King of Brazil nation during ancient Human times. It's speak for when the Humans on Terra were primitively living like savages and not using technology despite it in their faces littering all over the planet. Evidence of your hiding place by Beatrice Nightwalker your current female, was deciphered by cryptic notes left by her before she passed away. The notes were found and solved. You were found in the United States' Canadian territory. You appeared to have healed from the mortal injury that reportedly claimed to kill you. We found no evidence of the injury onto you actually. The serum I'm talking about was some medicine invented to put you into a trance status to get you to talk with suggestive questions said to you. The serum in question is just a drug that puts people in a trance status enough to get people to talk anything on their mind with specific questions asked. You should be fine for living as long as your body lets you live. That's due to indicating that the serum is out of your body and your internal organs are functioning normally again."
MacLeod frowned forming it on his lips as the doctor added looking at Captain Fatherland he glimpsed still arms folded "He's ready for you to question him now."
He eyed Captain Fatherland who walked forwards arms still folded and spoke "So tell me Nightwalker of your life back in King George's time. This including answering questions I ask you I want answered." 
MacLeod gulped but kept the frown on his face as Captain Fatherland proceeded to question him about living a life as a Bloody answering to the name of Julian Nightwalker. He found himself answering with input from the Sages blaring answers in his mind. 
This included adding "I seem to have this memory of living a life as this person named Tam-Mykola MacLeod whoever he is." 
He saw Captain Fatherland form a big frown on his face before glancing at the doctor. 
He saw spoke "Interesting sounds like Julian suffered some insanity while healing with the serum running through his body. Hence he imaging this Tam-Mykola MacLeod's life via talks with the suggestive questions running through him. I recommended further testing to determine why he's giving out answers related to this Tam-Mykola MacLeod underneath the serum." 
MacLeod heard an edge in the doctor's voice tone that indicated on something was unsaid. 
He shifted to eye Captain Fatherland who spoke "Tam-Mykola MacLeod we have on our records reportedly passed away due to a mortal injury to his head. His internal organs were reportedly taken out and given to people who's internal organ wasn't functioning properly. One of his organs was said to be implanted inside you to replace an organ that wasn't functioning properly due to poor diet of foods. Those people who have his organs like any other person who have organs of another implanted inside their bodies have cases of having clear memories of the victim. That supplied the organs in the first place as experiencing it as their life very realistically. You having memories of Tam-Mykola MacLeod who was nicknamed Jinks by his family members. It was for getting injured a lot was from an organ from his body implanted inside you. Hence you feeling like your him and living his life something that has repeatedly happened to people who have received an implanted organ from someone else that passed away."
MacLeod frowned hearing that as the male continued talking after clearing his throat "MacLeod's family will be very interested in wanting to know what memories you acquired from him. That's due to verbalizing that request to the hospital repeatedly including whoever caring to listen that they wanted to have one of the recipients to have a clear memory of MacLeod's horse ride to Elizabethan Town. He was found dead near the entrance a victim of a head injury indicating his horse threw him off. That's from being attacked by a rogue dinosaur due to them seen gnawing away on a horse carcass nearby and unable to get near him due to the collars on them keeping his body safe. Also his body was found leaning against the wall of the city's boundary that kept the dinosaurs from targeting him due to their collars indicated on them to stay away from there."
He gave off a soft groan sound softly to stiffen as a memory came to his mind. 
He fully to see himself riding a horse while clad in the uniform of the United States' Navy Corps and a round helmet on top of the head on horseback through a forest jungle. It was underneath the moonlight sky with the Elizabethan Town's boundary wall off the right. He hearing multiple beeping noises till a loud roaring sound of a dinosaur was heard followed by a large dinosaur not wearing a collar burst out of the bushes off his left putting mouth onto his head. The dinosaur was felt biting the area hard and only tearing off the helmet which the male kept the horse to run faster. The dinosaur spit out the helmet seen and followed running after them. It was followed by succeeding on biting the horse's rump hard causing the horse to tip to the side violently making him fly off of it hitting the city's stone wall with his head on the side with a loud crack sound heard and sliding down as if dead. The dinosaur without collar proceeded to eat the horse's body including not sparing anything on it leaving a carcass of bones before going away into the bushes ignoring his body leaning against the wall. 

MacLeod heard a clapping noise followed by blinking his eyes of a flashlight's glare onto his eyes which he shook his head. He focused onto the doctor again and spoke the memory of MacLeod's death fully in his in his mind loudly. 
He saw the male shift in a direction and speaking "Did you get that talk?"
He eyed the direction the doctor was looking to see Captain Fatherland was there who spoke while holding up a blinking tubal device in his hand "I have the talk recorded. I'll get it to the others to get a printed transcript to the family. His wording confirms what was indicated among the city's sensors' and domesticated dinosaurs. That there's a rogue dinosaur not wearing a restraint that caused the attack onto MacLeod's horse which MacLeod indicated of being thrown off and died from the injury judging by the coroner determining that excuse me." 
MacLeod watched as Captain Fatherland walked out of sight behind a white curtain his mind told him what it was. 
He shifted his eyes onto the doctor who gave up a loud groan sound before adding in a loud whispering tone "Just wish I could tell Beatrice Nightwalker that her Robert, her son is alive and well. He is as test subject Nightwalker himself contained forever due to insanity hitting him. MacLeod actually survived the head injury. He was actually injected with a serum which is some hallucination medicine. MacLeod's DNA was tested to match that of an Ancient One as the Soulers' call themselves. The serum thrown onto him was for gaining the memories of Julian Nightwalker during ancient Humans' time just to answer questions people wanted to know." 
He stiffened hearing the doctor's words. He came to realize with a start that the doctor wasn't lying on what he said. It was due to fully recalling of waking up after hitting the wall and forcing himself to use the wall. That despite dizziness to travel to the city's entrance ignored by the rogue dinosaur as dubbed. He still targeted by other dinosaurs who's collars kept them away from him. Inside the entrance finding the doors open he got inside and found the doors shut after him followed by the gate entrances opening. Then men wearing uniforms of the Elves' masked army wear coming into view in his sight to grab him in arm lock holds that injected him with a needle dart in his neck knocking him out unconscious. MacLeod felt himself annoyed hearing the doctor's confession to the talk. He felt himself too tired to ask questions to what was really going on as he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

MacLeod woke up sensing daylight shining opened his eyes with the memories fully fresh in his mind to see the sun was peeking a little above the horizon. He listened as hard as he could and could only hear silence from the forest. He sensed that the domesticated dinosaurs had gone to sleep at the time of day. He sat up putting up his hair and stuck his hat on his head. He did some limber stretches before swinging himself up by an acrobatic move. He walked to the fence's entrance and shut off the electricity from the box then opened the entrance sliding it shut behind him. He went to the box and turned back on the electricity then walked towards the town’s entrance. MacLeod could see the drawbridge was down with people mostly Humans appearing to be guards, wandering out emotions over their faces and some of them were standing around chatting with each other by mouths' moving along with making odd hand gestures towards each other. He didn't recognize his Mother's hand language among them. He walked by them hearing their chats become silent seeing him walking by. This making him nervous from their staring due to memories of people from the Lancelot group staring at him obsessed. He recalled traveling around his home city of New Jack City for various things such as shopping for supplies despite having servants insisting on doing it for him at the apartment he lived in. He shook his head of the memory and entered the town through a hallway entering the open doorway leading to the area. He wandered among the buildings reading the signs displayed outside them while noticed by town’s folk that appeared to have various lengths of black hair with tanned brown skin and eye colors of brown and blue some having both whenever they stared at him making him nervous. MacLeod found some of the city was blocked off via gates of metallic armor and appeared to have kept him and the Humans traveling around out from gaining entrance further into the Elves' stronghold. 
MacLeod saw a building with a sign that said “Library, Humans welcome.”
He wandered inside looking around to spot flat screened computers in one section appearing to be for voice activated orders. He saw bookcases filled with books in another section with a series of tables scattered around with arm chairs around the tables. He sighed and spotted a case holding the newspapers and went to it. 
He took out a newspaper he saw said “King’s Times.”
Sighing softly he went to a table he found after doing some exploring hidden from view behind a large towering bookcase in a corner. Due to feeling himself fearful and didn't want others to continue to stare at him despite them sensed doing it to him in the library, and sat reading the paper. The newspaper he read continued to detail the same old story to him new laws by the President, the United States' titled leader of the island continent nation of United States and a government group. This including laws that were struck down by either one. He continued to read an article said to be the King’s of United States' territory's royal family's words as if the King himself wrote it like an editorial talking about times being hard due to technology troubles and troubles with the weather hitting the United States. He read the newspaper due to feeling like needing to do it. He sigh once done and went to the newspaper case putting it away. He went to the computers examining one he saw needed a library card for access. Sighing he wandered out of the library walking among the town exploring its contents visiting buildings that seemed to accept the public till the sun became low in the sky. He walked out of the town through the entrance. He went through the entrance noticed by people standing around watching him again making him still nervous. He went to the cemetery and let himself inside putting on the electricity after getting inside and walked to his Mother's grave to kneel eyes staring at her tombstone. He gently reached out a hand and gave the tombstone a rub of caring as the sun disappeared from the sky going pass the horizon. He lied on his back taking off his hat to stare at the sky as he again heard the dinosaur noises faintly but loud to him. MacLeod flinched from a glare of a flashlight abruptly shining in his face. He sat up glaring at the intruder he glimpsed was a male appearing to be Human while wearing some police uniform. He felt himself nervous from the glare as the male stopped shining the flashlight onto him.
The male spoke “Oh good that I’m not alone in here. I got to the town too late to see the drawbridge up. I had to take shelter in here. I dislike being alone in graveyards. The place gives me the creeps.” 
MacLeod rolled his eyes feeling annoyance hitting him. He again lied on his back and placed his hat on his chest to stare at the sky. MacLeod sensed the male had stopped his chatter as he kept his mouth shut. The policeman he assumed was his job sat down next to him on Beatrice Nightwalker's grave without a word. He shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep and ignored the man who continued to chatter talk he heard partly about graveyards scaring him since he was a kid. MacLeod fell asleep dreaming of being chased by dinosaurs while on horseback that made him wake up several times during the night while gasping for breath repeatedly through his mouth as he woke up mouth breathing. 
He groaned mentally "When will I stop having nightmares?" 
MacLeod heard nothing from the Sages in response shut his eyes and forced himself to sleep. Despite the nightmares continued that kept waking him up till he felt himself passing out unconscious from tiredness hitting him. 

MacLeod woke up sensing daylight of the sunlight blaring onto him to hear a faint snoring sound besides him. He sat up to look at the policeman who had tan skin and black long hair which was pulled back in a braid judging by the looks of it from the man’s lying position on his back. 
He saw had a name plate that said “Stone”.
MacLeod exhaled a breath and got up walking away feeling himself too nervous to talk to the male along with exhaustion hitting him. He heard a shout of surprise behind him and kept walking figuring out that the policeman had woken up. He went to the fence's entrance and undid the electricity and walked out to the town going through the entrance noticed by people staring at him. He again forced himself to ignore despite feeling fearful and again got the familiar scenario of going through the familiar hallway entrance. He walked to the town’s library and again got the familiar newspaper with a different date on it in the newspapers’ case and went to a corner to sit at a table reading it. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding nearby him but kept on reading the paper.
Due to thinking "Whoever that is will leave me alone once it's obvious I'm not going to acknowledge them." 
MacLeod ignored the noise and heard a male voice whispering “Stranger, don’t you have a name sir?”
He lowered the paper to see a male a hybrid of an Elf and a Human by his facial appearance not having any hair for eyebrows, he assumed was the librarian by a name plate on the front having the name of Long while wearing green clothing appearing to be a uniform of some business suit. He saw the male had white skin of an Elf with Elf like ears with hair in a bald cut and intense all blue eyes that stared at him creeping him out making him more nervous further. 
MacLeod exhaled a breath and inhaled spoke whispering finding from the male's expression that he wasn't going to leave till he answered his question period “The name’s Julian.”
He again raised his paper to continue read and heard the librarian again speak “The name’s Long so don't ask me for any other name other than what I told you period. Welcome to Elizabethan Town. Feel free to ask for anything around here and people will see that you get it.” 
He kept his mouth shut and continued to read the paper hearing silence from the librarian. He peered over it to see that Long he assumed was his name had walked out of sight making him relieved from that along with the fearful feeling stopping but still there. He read the paper reading its entire contents and then got up putting it back in the newspapers’ case. 
His eye fell on a newspaper that said “Master’s Herald.”
MacLeod felt curiosity hitting him overtaking his fearful feeling picked up the newspaper and carried it back to the table where he sat and began reading it. He discovered the newspaper focused on the belief of believing Nightwalker as a Master and god and lord of Humans appearing to be in Elves' wording terms to him via the newspaper. He continued to read the newspaper mention in it talking about an unidentified man who’s facial appearance was looking alike to Nightwalker being pegged as the vessel that had disappeared some time ago. The newspaper was saying the man had gone into hiding due to being scared off by religious fanatics who saw him as their deity Lord. MacLeod paused from reading to grimace feeling himself further scared running through him. He recalled to himself the reason why he was in Elizabethan Town in hiding which was what the newspaper had said. It was about religious fanatics who saw him as their Master and tried to worship him as a deity Lord. They by containing him in some glass box at some shrine place for Nightwalker despite he grew up with a belief of Lance Richard as his own god, he mistakenly believed that they saw him as Lance Richard himself. MacLeod shook his head and continued to read the newspaper. It detailed attempts to find the man have resulted in few clues with searchers believers of the Master secretly seeking the man in hiding in an attempt to find him and help him cope with the religious fanatics. 
MacLeod paused from reading to thought to himself as fear billowed through "Their not helping me with that by them making things worse. They by getting those fanatics aware of my location and then they’ll come and capture me then contain me in some shrine place of worship towards Lance Richard seen as Nightwalker the Bloodies' King himself. They using me like some prize object which my freedom and privacy will be restricted by them watching my every move while in containment.”
MacLeod heard from the Sages abruptly "It's Kiddy. It's Walls, MacLeod, stop being scared with some belief that all of the Lancelot people are feeling like that. Start believing that there's some of the people who don't act like that." 
 He grimaced feeling fear hitting him while giving his head a shake then continued to read the newspaper. He read detailed information about what the Master would want believers to do which mentioned living life according to following the land’s laws. He read about helping people with their problems whether their believers or not and passing along the belief to believer’s children. 
MacLeod sigh pausing from reading thinking to himself “Just once can’t someone do something about the fanatics? Just to get them stopped obsessed with the Master and let me have a life?”
He again grimaced from fear hearing nothing from the Sages and continued to read the newspaper. He found an article detailed information about search efforts to find Lance Nightwalker as the god's vessel was dubbed's look alike with a report of them focusing in New Jack City. It was due to reports of people homeless and not homeless mysteriously hit with sleepiness when in presence of a man. The article he read continued to mention that people have from scans of authorized doctors using hypnosis have said that they reported encountering a man matching Lance’s facial appearance description while wearing different types of clothing on his form. They said they confronted him on his face and got him flaring some all black eyed look along with sleepiness hitting them putting them asleep. He kept reading while grimacing that the newspaper detailed that the last sighting of the look alike was reportedly said that he was wearing clothing that appeared to be leather gonoid skins. They haven’t seen him since. MacLeod groaned softly as he recalled mentally putting people to sleep with the Master mental abilities in control. It was by giving off the sleep command and waving a hand towards the person with palm facing them. A trick he pulled whenever he encountered people confronting him on his face being twin to Lance Nightwalker they using the name to his face despite he confused to them using both Lance Richard and Nightwalker as one deity Lord. That included along with stealing items from the people such as money to buy food and an exchange of clothing. He recalled stealing jewelry from the people that looked expensive and had pawned them off in pawn shops littered around in the city.
He using a mental mind trick onto the clerks by saying with the Master in control and waving a hand in their face "You will give me the credit card for this item. I have totaling in one hundred credits now." 
He found his order obeyed by the clerk giving him money which was a credit card worth of one hundred credits as always. That trick was used instead of him giving into their demands for identification cards just to give him the credit card. MacLeod recalled using the credit card for food and clothing. He would exchange clothes in public restrooms then put his old clothes folded on a sidewalk and leaving it there instead of going into a reuse shop. He grimaced recalling that he went into a reuse shop with his old clothes. 
He got too much attention from the sales clerk saying "Use the money value for the clothes to purchase the items you need. We insists you do."
MacLeod remembered buying a book that was in the money value of the clothes in response just to get out of the store. He found a booth selling sunglasses and a crowd of people nearby them. 
He willed forwards the Master and ordered to a male "Push the crowd into the booth now." 
He found his order obeyed by the male doing it. He found the booth knocked to the ground with various sunglasses along with people landing all over the place over them. MacLeod snuck a pair of sunglasses off the ground in a fast move hiding it in his pocket of the pants and casually walked away. He recalled he had always worn the sunglasses as a disguise along with various hats stolen from booths by using the same trick of a male pushing people onto it, keeping his hair up hidden underneath. This was for hiding while in New Jack City. MacLeod recalled to himself that he came upon a dead homeless male bum in a construction zoned building part of the city. He had exchanged clothes putting on his current clothes on and putting his old ones on the dead bum and taking the bum’s hat. He went around the city wearing it unnoticed by people who didn’t seem to know that it was himself. MacLeod frowned as he recalled getting feelings of being filmed by hidden camera while walking on a crowded sidewalk while in the city one day. He didn't find the camera's source which that the feeling freaked him out to disappear into an alley way getting rid of the feeling. He coming upon a policeman on walking his horse who he put to sleep by choking him leaving the sunglasses onto the male's form after he slid to the ground and stole the horse. He riding it out of the city to the fence's entrance where there was an inn where he got the fresh horse and supplies for travel riding. 

MacLeod shook his head of the memory and continued to read the article that stated that there were attempts by people to contact the man. That who in response put them to sleep using some mental power and the people have woken up with items on them gone such as money and their jewelry tracked in pawn shops littered around the city. Owners there reported seeing the man come in with those items and getting money for them despite some law saying that they had to use ID cards for it. He continued to read that the male was seen on cameras in the stores appearing to use some hypnosis trick to get the store clerks to hand him the credit cards. They always gave for people giving them items, in exchange for the items he gave them. He read that there was a report by Scotland a police force policing the United States' national registered groups who sighted a suspicious man that made them think it was the Lance lookalike and tracked him. Until he disappeared into an alleyway where they found a policeman lying asleep on the ground with sunglasses on his chest and figured that the man had left the city by stealing the policeman’s horse and could have gone anywhere. He kept reading that they have managed to waken the policeman who told them the sunglasses wasn't his. They took to be fingerprinted and rumored came up with an identity but have refused to say to people or to the newspaper's reporters' inquiries on who that man was. That despite rumors going around about him identified. MacLeod groaned of fear while reading the article and once done with the newspaper went to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He groaned softly thinking to himself "It won't take long before Scotland gets desperate find me. They will reveal my identity to the public in an attempt to find me." 
He heard nothing in response from the Sages as he walked out of the library aimlessly wandering around. He came upon the town's green to sit on bench staring at the grass breathing the plant air deeply. He sat with arms folded and sensed people watching him by senses blaring along with fear hitting him again billowing within him. He lifted his eyes to spot four people appearing to be youths judging by their youngness looks. They were seen wearing gonoid skin clothes with long black hair and all white skins nearby without any eyebrow hair. Two staring at him fully with their faces looking in his direction with all blue eyes aimed at him while the other two appeared to hide it judging by their faces looking in another direction. MacLeod grimaced inwardly feeling himself fearful. He ignored the four young males staring at him recalling an incident with four males in New Jack City before hauled off by cops. 
He recalled sitting on a bench lost in thought till a male voice was heard saying "You're in our seat so get off."
MacLeod heard the laugher in the tone looked up to see four males looking hybrids of Bloodies and Humans to him by the all black eyes, tan brown skin and black hair indicated that they came from Bloodies' ancestry and looking creepy. One repeated his words while noticing that their clothing were raggedy indicating them as homeless. He got up and went to another bench only to get the males following and standing in front of him. 
One of them again saying "You're in our seat so get off."
MacLeod felt disgust take hold refused to budge from the bench in response. One of the males spoke in gibberish sounding like foreign language to him before they proceeded to grab his arms yanking him from the seat. As another got behind him thrusting his arm around his neck as the fourth stood in front of him raising a hand fisted aimed in his direction with a sneer on his face. MacLeod remembered training of self defense moves in combative art dubbed karate proceeded to use them only to get his arms and neck grabbed again. He continued with the karate to yank his arms out of the males' grips and yanked the third male's arm off around his neck while falling into a perfect split move. The fourth male hanging back not touching him suddenly threw his fist aimed in his direction. 
He heard a loud groaning grunt in response along with "Sorry missed him."
He frowned as he on the ground adjusted his legs and rolled away on it away from the males. 
He got up and eyed the males to see the one who had arm around his neck had grabbed the fisted male by the shirt and was yelling "Sorry?! You're sorry?!"
MacLeod frown as the males got into an argument on the sorry state as he backed up into the bushes hiding out of sight watching them get into fist fights aimed at each other. They appearing to look like they were being violent with their fisting looking like they didn't have combative art training by not doing any kicking moves. He shook his head in a no gesture and groaned softly and left the scene figuring it was best to be away from them. 

He groaned from the memory hitting him saw the sun become low in the sky walked to the entrance while sensing himself being followed. His senses told him were the young males by seeing them following. He reached the entrance which he walked through passed people he noticed had all blue eyes and no eyebrows he didn't notice before and walked out of the town ignoring people’s chatter becoming silent seeing him with them staring at him probing. He continued to walk till he reached the graveyard and went inside then turned on the electricity by the box switch. He walked to his Mother’s grave to sit leaning his back on the gravestone eyes staring at the sky showing the colors of the sunset. 
He sighed and spoke out loud “Mom, wish you were here with me. I could use your love and words of advice you always given me to assure me that everything will be alright.”
MacLeod paused then continued as the sun disappeared below the horizon “I don’t know where to go besides here. Just to hide from the religious fanatics who seem to see me as a prize object. I don’t know who to trust to keep me away from them. Or let me have a life as I please to do with it my way.” 
He paused to adjust his position till his back was on the ground.
Then added while yanking off his hat putting it on his chest “Sometimes I wish life was the way it was when you were alive. Me living anonymously doing what I wanted without having people spying on me. They giving me no freedom and no privacy. People treating me as something worth worshipping Ugh it’s not what I had in mind with my life hence me here with you in hiding.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard followed by his eyes watering tears. He didn’t resist to the emotion allowed it through to cry softly. He cried as tears spilled from his eyes falling down his cheeks. He rolled over onto his side curling into a ball with hands touching his face while breathing hard through his mouth to wail a loud cry of anguish then became silent. MacLeod cried to himself as he felt sleepiness hit him hard breathed deeply through his nose and shut his eyes willing himself to sleep. 

That despite nights of reportedly staying awake for trouble while on horse back along with various nightmares of being chased by dinosaurs. 
He dreamed of himself walking on a beach wearing clothing that felt like they were familiar to the touch and comfortable to his skin. Despite them felt to be a tunic and leggings with slipper like shoes on his feet in the color black he glimpsed. 
He paused from walking to stare at the water and felt a hand on his arm to look at his left to see a humanoid male he recognized as Lance Richard via the clothes, giving him a fatherly attitude like his Father who had a frown in his face and eyes. MacLeod sighed as Lance pulled him towards him. He didn’t resist and allowed Lance to hug him. He burst into tears weeping very hard sobbing. 
MacLeod weep out “Why oh why?”
He heard nothing from Lance but felt himself soothed by the male's hands on his back and on the back of his head hugging him tighter. He cried more tears till they stopped coming. He felt Lance gently rubbing his back with a hand on it. MacLeod placed his hands on Lance’s sides gripping the male's clothing in a tight grip as he felt the tears stopped. 
He groaned out “I can’t stand not having privacy and freedom to do what I want without people spying on me. Some of those people are religious fanatics who see me as their religious deity Lord the Master to worship me as that. I couldn’t take it anymore went into hiding. I didn’t know who to trust or where to go so I went to where I could be safe which is with her.” 
MacLeod paused from talking as Lance continued to rub his back. He placed his chin on Lance's shoulder letting go of the male's clothing. 
He continued speaking “With her is the only place I could be safe and live anonymously as myself without religious fanatics bothering me. She brought love to my life. I miss her terribly that I sleep on her grave. I miss my life with her when she was alive. I’m upset that death of sicknesses seemingly can’t touch me like it has touched her.” 
MacLeod paused from talking to feel Lance’s arms stop holding him. He felt Lance gently push him away. He looked to see a frown on Lance’s face and eyes as there was a flash of bright light behind the male. 
He spoke with pleading in his voice tone “Father, don't leave me. Stay with me please. I need you.” 
Lance to his annoyance interrupted putting a finger to his lips quieting him. He saw a hint of a serious expression in Lance's eyes and face as the finger went down.
This was followed by speaking "I'll do what you say to me, Tam-Mykola since your begging is making me sympathetic with you. I warn you I can't stay in between life and death forever guiding you in your life. I may one day be called home via compulsion once it's obvious you don't need me. At the moment you do need me which I'll see that you'll receive the help you need." 
MacLeod frowned forming a questioningly look on his face while staring at Lance. That placed a hand on his forehead followed by him forcing his eyes closed as the scene went black. 

MacLeod woke up with a start seeing that it was still dark by night vision blaring as day vision flashed back and forth from night to day as the day became lighter of the sunrise. The dinosaurs’ roaring noises ceased with the feeling of fear lowering its ebb. He slowly sat up rubbing a hand on his face feeling himself tired and exhausted from his crying bout along with hunger pains he felt within him that couldn’t be ignored. Sighing he adjusted his position to lean against his Mother’s gravestone eyes staring at the sky watching the sun slowly rise from the horizon shining rays of light. He grabbed his hat putting it on his head putting up his hair covering it and stretched his limber exercises then awkwardly got up from the ground feeling tiredness running through him. He walked to the town’s entrance walking pass people standing around who went silent seeing him making him nervous as usual. He entered the town walking to the library to the newspapers’ case. He grabbed a newspaper out of random and took it to his regular table in the corner and began to aimlessly reading it not registering the words in his mind. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding very loudly followed by the table jerking as if someone bumped into it. 
MacLeod lowered the newspaper to see Long standing across from him who spoke “There’s a soup kitchen in the town hall building. See about getting a meal from there. Perhaps they can get you a bed in town.” 
MacLeod nodded his head at Long’s words as the male again spoke “I just hope whatever is paining you to be in your situation becomes resolved. I don’t like seeing people hurt from bad situations. Also includes allowing the bad situation to overtake their life.”
He again nodded his head as Long formed a frown on his face before walking away. MacLeod felt hunger pains hitting him hard sighed and folded up the newspaper. He got up walking to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He walked out of the library as a figure bumped into him who sputtered “I’m sorry about that.”
He saw the figure was a male was bald with a brown haired beard and mustache. He saw the male’s clothing were a brown vest with a white short sleeve long tunic dress underneath it along with blue long sleeves. The male had on black leggings like tights with brown boots indicating a rich off family status to him who stared at him with intense probing look with his all blue eyes. MacLeod felt fear hitting him from the male's intense stare as the male shrugged and walked away which he went going to the town hall building. He went inside looking around at the reception area and saw a female staring at him intensively from a desk that bothered him making him still fearful. 
MacLeod frowned and turned to go and heard “The soup kitchen entrance is at the back of the building with stairs going down to the basement.”
He waved a hand in response to the female's voice and then walked out of the building going around it to spot an open door with a sign on it. 
He reached the door and stiffened as he read the sign which said “Lance Richard's soup kitchen.” 
MacLeod frowned at the wording sensing it was his God's name and wasn't sure why the soup kitchen was named that while still feeling himself nervous but still hungry. He went inside walking down the stairs to reach a door. His nose smelled food and his mouth watered as he opened the door and walked inside to see a large room with series of tables and chairs scattered around it. He saw at one end of the room on his right was an open end kitchen where two overweight males wearing cook uniforms were busy at stoves appearing to be in the middle of cooking. He saw one of them look in his direction and frowned. He watching as the cook he assumed was his title grabbed a tray and began loading up dishes filled with food and a cup of liquid along with silverware. The male placed on the kitchen island and gestured with a hand towards him. MacLeod felt his hunger take control went to the tray picking it up and carried it to a table. He sat down placing the tray on the table. He eyed the food that smelled good to him which he grabbed the fork and knife and began eating the food. He ate in a fast motion gobbling it up till there was nothing left and gulped down the cup’s contents till there wasn’t much for him to drink down. MacLeod sighed leaning back in the chair hands on his lap feeling his hunger gone from him. MacLeod saw out of the corners of his eyes a familiar figure walk in his line of sight. He recognized as the bald male who bumped into him at the library going to his table to sit at a chair staring at him. Jinx felt the bald male’s eyes staring at him with an intense probing stare that bothered him. 
He stared back at the bald male who spoke “You’re Lance Nightwalker.” 
MacLeod stiffened at the bald man’s words that sounded like a statement of fact and not a question. It wound up making him feeling angry instead of nervous. 
MacLeod spoke narrowing his eyes aimed at the male “The name’s Julian. I don’t know who you’re talking about.” 
He stared at the bald male who shrugged and spoke “The name’s Steven. As for the name of Julian it’s the name of your zoo sponsored tiger who passed away months ago. You have been heard calling yourself that from people in New Jack City.” 
MacLeod felt annoyance hitting him. He allowed anger to take control instead of feeling the familiar emotion of nervousness when confronted on his identity.
He spoke “I don’t know of a tiger named Julian. It’s just a name I’ve taken a liking to and have been calling myself that.”
MacLeod felt anger arriving within him to cause him to glare at Steven who again shrugged and spoke “Only Lance Richard would sleep on a grave belonging to a female he saw as his mate. She who was in his life in some cemetery said to be really haunted by ghosts of the dead. That would repeatedly kick people out as spoken around by the town’s folk and people who have reportedly slept there which doesn't matter if their from the town or not.” 
He felt his anger take control angrily got up from the chair slamming it onto the table and walked away going out of the building up the stairs. He sensed Steven had followed him outside. He went to a bench to sit and sensed the male sitting next to him to his annoyance. 
He heard Steven speak “Put your faith in Lance, Tam-Mykola.” 
MacLeod snarled an angry growling like sound. He got up from the bench storming towards the entrance. He sensed the Master powers inside him itching to take control. He felt a hand grab his arm in a tight grip which he angrily yanked his arm out of to face Steven who had a frown on his face. 
MacLeod pointed a finger at Steven and spoke “Leave me alone. Go back to where you come from and forget about me.” 
He lowered his hand as Steven spoke “You have forgotten yourself, Tam-Mykola MacLeod.”
He walked away and again felt his arm grabbed in an ironclad grip. He angrily allowed the Master to take control grabbed the hand with his hand and yanked the hand off his arm as Steven again resumed grabbing at his arms. He felt annoyance take hold as Steven refused to quit grabbing his arm despite hand yanking it off. He grabbed Steven's wrist and twisted Steven around till the arm was behind the man in a loose grip. That struggled against his hand hold but managed to get out of his grip to again attempt grip his arm again. He freed himself and again got Steven into a lock hold by hand gripping the male's arm in some tight painful grip while hearing the male groan softly from the hold as his other arm went around the male's neck choking him.
He spoke “I said leave me alone and stop intruding on my privacy and freedom. Go back to where you came from and forget me. I’m sick and tired of your behavior towards me.” 
He heard Steven speak with pain in his voice in some gasping tone “I would if I could, Lance Nightwalker.” 
He angrily kept Steven’s arm raised as he heard the man groan in pain still gasping for air before groaning out “There are others who don’t view you the way you’re thinking of. Allow them to help you like I will.” 
MacLeod snarled some growling like sound and growled out “Leave me alone, Steven.” 
He raised a knee hitting it on Steven’s back who groaned loudly before pushing the man away from him who fell to his knees with hands onto the ground. He appearing to be gulping for air and looking out of it. He angrily walked around Steven till he was in front of the man and raised his fist aimed at the man’s face that had pain in his eyes. 
MacLeod heard a sound of a whistle blowing coming from behind him followed by “Enough! Break it up now stranger!”
He again aimed his fist towards Steven as he again heard the voice he recognized as Stone’s sounding closer coming towards him “Stranger! You heard me!”
MacLeod heard Steven speak “Come with me please.” 
He angrily brought his fist into Steven’s face connecting with the man’s forehead who flew up in the air flying an adult Humanoid male body length away and hit the ground on his back while groaning loudly. He felt a body ramming into him from behind knocking him to the ground followed by steel of metal felt on his head from behind as the body removed itself.
He heard Stone’s voice with annoyance in the voice speaking “Put your hands behind your back now! You’re spending a night in the jail for that! Behavior like that punching towards people isn’t tolerated around here!”
He obeyed putting his hands on his back and felt metal steel clipping onto his wrists keeping them locked behind his back. This was followed by hands pulling him up to a standing position. He heard voices chattering coming closer as he saw towns’ people walking towards his position. 
MacLeod formed a frown on his lips willing aside the Master.
Stone he heard yelled “Get a medic to attend Steven will you?!”
He saw towns’ people breaking into a run going past him as Stone pulled him away going to a building with steps on it which he recognized as the police station despite the sign of it blared on the front. He felt himself fuming from his behavior towards Steven. Stone hauled him inside the building where he saw an area of desks scattered around with computers on them. He saw a white haired cop with tan skin and twin all blue eyes come out of a doorway in the wall towards Stone.
Stone loudly spoke “I caught this guy punching out the new guy Steven in the face. I aim to book him for a night in jail.”
MacLeod saw the white haired cop nod his head whose name plate read “Lone Eagle.”
He stared at Lone Eagle he assumed was his name who walked forwards hands aiming towards his face. He jerked from the male taking off his hat off of him spilling out his long black hair. 
MacLeod saw recognition form on Lone Eagle’s eyes and face who spoke loudly “I know this male.”
He felt fear hitting him as Lone Eagle spoke “It’s the missing guy from the hologram who Steven showed me. He said that he was a bounty hunter hired from some family who have been seeking him for awhile.” 
MacLeod formed a nervous expression on his face as Lone Eagle added “There must have been something bad going on with this guy’s family hence he punching Steven. Along with him resisting the bounty hunter’s attempts to go with him quietly which I saw the resistance out the window of my office.”
He heard in response “You want me to book him or not?”
He stared at Lone Eagle with his all black eyes narrowed as the male spoke “Do it. A night in jail should cool this guy’s temper enough to listen to the bounty hunter’s reasons for seeking him.” 
MacLeod felt Stone haul him through the desk area to a doorway the male appearing to have strong strength stronger than him and his resistance. He saw was stairs leading up and down in both directions. He felt the male pull him down the stairs to a door which Stone kicked open with a foot. He found himself in a hallway with a series of gated barred doors on both sides. He felt himself pausing as Stone waved a foot in his line of sight at a console on the door quite low which slid opened with a creak sound. He felt the handcuffs off of his wrists and he pushed inside the room and heard the door slam behind him. MacLeod eyed the some what small rectangular room illuminated by a round overhead light shining above him while sensing a camera recording his every move. He saw that the cell was stone cement all around with a high barred window high above his head on the wall facing him while feeling himself nervous again. He saw below the window was a toilet with a sink next to it. Besides it was a metal bed with a mattress and a pillow on it along with a blanket. He felt sleepiness hit him hard yawned loudly to go to the bed pulling the blanket up. He got onto the bed lying on his side pulling the blanket over his head shutting his eyes falling asleep. 

He dreamed of ocean water showing two flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the Dream Guardians spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters. 
He heard a feminine voice speaking “We're the Dream Guardians.” 
The female voice he heard continued speaking “All Seeing One believes your behavior towards believers is driving you away from them. He has informed us to talk to you that the behavior of running away from people isn’t tolerated. All Seeing One has made it clear that the running behavior you are doing wasn’t being tolerated. Hence you failing to listen to him trying to help you.”
MacLeod frowned hearing the female's words with recognition within him. 
She added again speaking “All Seeing One has asked us to tell you that you should be putting your problems in him to solve. Not keeping them to yourself or solving them by yourself by that way. He feels that you have forgotten that he is powerful enough to influence people and help them with their problems like the caring god leader he is. He has said that when you have trouble you should turn to him for help with the problem. He’ll help you for he is being there for you to help solve your problem. Put your faith in the All Seeing One for he'll always help you as long you need him.”
The dream went black followed by himself standing on a beach wearing clothing that felt familiar to his body. He stood staring at the water as he felt a hand on his arm and looked at his left to see Steven with a frown on his face. 
He stared at Steven who spoke “I arrived in the area nearby town closest to Elizabethan Town several days ago from New Jack City seeking you as ordered. I went around trying to find you. I felt like I was getting no where. I asked the Master, the All Seeing One, for help via prayer method in some place of religious worship despite it focused onto some other god. He gave me a dream one night of the town of Elizabethan Town. You dressed in gonoid skin clothing while appearing to be crying in some graveyard in front of a gravestone with Beatrice Nightwalker’s name on it. I was there at this beach with several others sighted but not seen clearly who I’m not sure who they are when the All Seeing One in a god's Human form comforted you as you complained about your life.”
MacLeod frowned hearing Steven’s words as the male paused then continued to speak “I’m sorry that you’re in pain, Tam-Mykola. I just wish there was some way I could help you with your suffering.”
He lowered his eyes to stare at the water turning his head away as he felt Steven’s hand gently rub his arm with a pat and again looked up to discover Steven gone. He sigh eyes staring at the water feeling peacefulness arriving within him. He felt a hand touch his arm looked to see a female with facial appearance of his Mother but her eyes were brown instead of all blue from what he's seen from her while wearing a white dress. He stared at her seeing recognition in her eyes and a frown on her face. She wordlessly walked till she was in front of him and gave him a hug. He wrapped his arms around her feeling her hands rub his back in a gentle motion. He sighed loudly from hugging her as she pulled herself a bit backwards to stare at him in the face. MacLeod stared at her as she gently brought a hand to his cheek gently rubbing. He felt her other hand going to his forehead followed by it forcing his eyes closed as the dream went black. 

MacLeod came to with his eyes closed to feel himself lying in the bed in the cell with blanket over his head. He kept his eyes closed and adjusted his position till he was lying on his stomach. He felt himself not that fearful despite the confinement of the room. 
He mentally spoke "At least I'm safe for now." 
He heard "It's Walls, Its Kiddy, please put your faith into us in helping solve your problems as spoken by the Dream Guardians." 
MacLeod groaned softly hearing the Sages' voice spoken in his mind mentally spoke "You didn't need to use the Meritanians' forms to tell me that you're referring to the problem of me running away from people instead of solving my conflict with them." 
MacLeod heard in response "At least you get it what we've been trying to tell you. We tell you as an Ancient Ones' Sage advisor, that you're going with Steven where he wants to take you period. And don't give us any whining about not wanting to go for your going. We don't give a care if you're afraid or not. We insists you get over your fear and face whatever problem you have involving yourself and your people. It's a high time you do what we've been trying to tell you since you started this ridiculous journey trip."
He groaned softly feeling himself nervous mentally spoke "Please Sages assure me that facing my problems won't be too bad. Despite having nightmares of being chased by dinosaurs and containment in the glass box repeatedly keeping me up awake for nights." 
He heard from one of the Sages "MacLeod, your problems whenever they come up in your life will always be either good or bad from time to time. I oath to you as an Ancient One, that there'll always be a solution to solving those problems. You just have to look for the solution and think it up along with making sure it’s the right one."
He again groaned as Walls continued "That's something you haven't bothered to be doing lately. Despite me repeatedly yelling at you that I figured out a way of solving your problem. So next time listen to me for I'm always there for you regardless of problems hitting."
MacLeod mentally spoke "Fine Father." 
He heard mentally in response "Tam-Mykola, sleep you need it anyway." 
He obeyed willing himself to pass out unconscious finding himself doing it and not dreaming of anything nightmarish.

MacLeod came to feel a hand on his shoulder gently shaking him awake. He opened his eyes and rolled over on his side as the hand stopped touching him. He woke to look at Steven who appeared to look seriously upset but had a bruise on his forehead from him punching him there.
Steven he stared at spoke “Are you alright, Tam-Mykola?”
He sat up and spoke finding his familiar fearful feeling gone from him “I don’t know.”
He heard a throat clearing noise looked to see Lone Eagle standing at the door with seriousness on his face. 
Lone Eagle spoke as he held up his sunglasses and hat “I believe you’ll need this, Tam-Mykola MacLeod.”
MacLeod shot Steven a confused look feeling himself not that fearful. 
Steven noticing his look spoke “Chief Lone Eagle recognized you as the one I was seeking despite you having a hat on as your disguise. He was sort of defensive when I came to the station asking about you as a missing person I was seeking including saying your name to him. Lone Eagle made it clear to me that you were in pain and was suffering from something. He thinks involves the passing of Beatrice Nightwalker due to Officer Stone finding you sleeping there in the graveyard. Stone admitted to Lone Eagle to noticing the date of her passing on the gravestone. He recalled the date telling him when it was. Lone Eagle figured out that the anniversary of her death according to the gravestone's date was the day people first saw you in town with none of them indicating that they recognized you. Lone Eagle admitted to me that he sighted you sitting on a bench out the window of his office and did some computer scans to figure out your identity. Computer according to him didn't reveal much involving you despite him not having the proper authority to gain files for your identity. He figured out your painful status from what Stone told him catching you in the graveyard on Beatrice's gravestone and seeing the dates detailed on it.”
He frowned feeling himself not fearful from the male's comments. He got up from the bed and walked to Lone Eagle who handed him the hat which he put on. He wordlessly followed the Chief up the stairs with Steven sensed taking up the rear to a doorway entering it to see the familiar room. Stone at a desk on the computer a finger poking the monitor screen who looked up with a frown in his eyes seeing him. 
MacLeod paused from walking as he heard “Stone is the horses ready for travel?”
He looked at Lone Eagle as he heard Stone speak “Yes their tied up outside to the rack.” 
MacLeod stared at Lone Eagle who looked at him and spoke “Good luck, stranger. I hope things work out. There’s always a place here for you if you need it.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed Steven out of the police station seeing the light of sunrise in the sky. Then going around a corner of the building and paused seeing two brown horses geared for riding tied up to the rack next to the police station that neighed seeing him. Sighing he went to a horse as Steven went to the other one. He pulled up the reins untying them from the rack and got up on the horse adjusting the reins in his hand. He eyed Steven who did the same and followed the man on horseback to the entrance. They had to wait till the computer voice ordered them through. Then together they broke into horse gallops running through the forest following a horse path sensing domesticated dinosaurs hiding despite noises of beeping heard all around them. He stiffened as the horse he was on again reared up whinnying of terror while hearing that sound from Steven's horse as there were beeping noises heard making him nervous. MacLeod saw as the bushes rumbled off their left showing a three horned tall overhead dinosaur, fanged teeth while wearing a shiny metal collar with the jewel in front in red color.
He heard from Steven abruptly "Hit the button on the saddle horn now!" 
He obeyed to see the red jewel turn white with electricity zapping sounds heard. The dinosaur shook its head and backed into the bushes out of sight as he and Steven resumed riding their horses over the path. MacLeod felt himself still nervous as the horse continued its galloping through the forest hearing multiple beeping noises all around him while hearing nothing from Steven in response to the sounds. He again got the horse rearing up whinnying in terror as there was a dinosaur sighted walking on the path. It looking like it was a Trike as dubbed by its three horns seen on its head and four footed status indicating it as a plant eater that ignored him and his companions going into the bushes out of sight. He figured to himself that the dinosaur was not interested in the both of them or their horses by not making any threatening gestures towards them. 

MacLeod glimpsed sightings of various plant eating dinosaurs sticking out of the bushes halting their eating and appearing to get away from him and Steven by disappearing out of sight abruptly. He kept hearing familiar sounds of zapping electricity he figured was from Steven pressing a button on the saddle horn of his horse. He followed Steven riding on the horse path till sunset seeing the path went into a cave way to his dread. He found them both going through a cave passageway making him nervous indicating a metal door at the end which he saw Steven held up a round flashlight device in his hand pressing a button. 
He felt himself nervous as there was a computer voice speaking "Entry granted inappropriate gonoid not detected near." 
MacLeod felt relief when the door opened showing a forest instead of a cave passageway making it short as he and Steven galloped out. He heard the door slam shut behind as he heard plane engines overhead. He looked up to spot a plane flying low in the sky going down disappearing below the tree tops. He slowed the horse for a walk seeing Steven doing it abruptly. MacLeod followed the man on horseback through a series of bushes and halted the horse seeing a small airfield with a plane on it and several large buildings in sight peeking thought the forest of trees. He exhaled a breath following Steven going across the air field towards a building. He saw was a horse stable from hearing horses neighing sounds coming from it along with humming of electricity heard. He reaching the building saw a male come out wearing a police uniform while having a gun weapon peeking out of his back along with gun holstered on his side by belt to stand waiting with arms folded. He didn't feel any fearful feeling towards the male. 
The male spoke with an accent “Steven. me see yah got what yah came for. Perfect timing that the plane arrived as yah did. So give me the horses and me will take care of them.” 
MacLeod saw Steven dismounted which he copied and guided the horse to the male who took the reins of both horses. He saw the bounty hunter take a saddle bag off his horse and slung it over his shoulder as the horses were guided away going into the stable. He followed Steven to the plane which its door opened followed by the stairs extending down to touch the ground. He saw a Human appear in view wearing a uniform indicating of a pilot who stood with arms folded. He and Steven went up the stairs which the male shut the door behind them he noticed. Inside MacLeod saw rows of five seats of two on both sides of him with an aisle between them. He saw a female sitting in one of the seats next to a window wearing sunglasses on her face with brown wavy hair but no eyebrows seen via her forehead crinkled indicating of some mood of shock seeing him. He followed Steven further into the plane. 
He heard the computer voice saying "It's safe for the plane to fly."
MacLeod eyed the female who slowly with her hands took off her sunglasses. He stiffened seeing her face as he stood in the aisle feeling ranges of emotions hitting him. He saw that her face appeared to look like his Mother but she had brown eyes. He recognized her as the woman from his dream that looked at him with a range of emotions in her face and eyes. 
He saw Steven went to sit at a seat as the woman spoke in a voice with familiarity in it “Tam-Mykola MacLeod, would you mind sitting next to me? There’s quite a lot to talk about.”
MacLeod sighed and went to the aisle seat next to her sitting next to the window. He sat down next to her and buckled himself in while sensing the plane move hovering up in the air and then going into a direction and flying. 
MacLeod heard the woman again speak “Sorry for going through this trouble to find you but it was important.” 
He looked at the woman staring at him who added “The name’s Bea descendant of Beatrice Nightwalker through one of her own children born of another male and not of Nightwalker himself.”
He sighed softly feeling himself fine with her admittance as Bea continued to speak “All Seeing One in a dream of the Dream Guardians told me to get a chartered private plane belonging to Lancelot at this time in this area. He said that what I’ve been seeking would be there. I admit I’ve been seeking you for awhile for a certain time period with no success of a face to face meeting till now.”
He continued to stare at Bea who paused and reached with a hand and gripped his left hand in a gentle grip squeezing it gently then removed her hand. 
MacLeod sighed again loudly as Bea spoke “My family never got to properly thank you for granting Beatrice's last wish of honoring her with your presence on her deathbed before she herself passed away. I thank you for that honoring her as your Mother, MacLeod.”
He saw a small smile appear in her face smiled in return. She reached with her other hand and touched his cheek gently rubbing which the touch made him fine with it. MacLeod felt Bea’s other hand move to his forehead gently rubbing. He felt his senses blare as he felt sleepiness arrive within him from feeling a needle prick of pain hitting his neck. He sense was from Steven holding the syringe from glimpsing the male standing next to him in the aisle. He blinked his eyes as Bea forced them shut with a hand and drooped his head bowing it keeping his eyes shut allowing sleep to hit him unconscious. 

MacLeod woke up in a massive bed that seemed familiar which he felt the familiar feelings of fear hitting him forced himself to dismiss the feeling. 
He found himself clad in Human clothing of armor on his form that felt like sweats to him along with feeling a hand holding his hand as he looked off his left. He saw a male Human an Ancient One from the looks of all black eyes with short blond hair a concern look on the man's face. MacLeod shivered from the fearful feeling hitting him as the male he recognized as one of the Ancient Humans that lived hidden on Terra marked by their all black eyes by the Elves. He recognized the male as Father Barry, one of the three leaders of the Lancelot group in the United States' state territory of New Britain. Father Barry he eyed gently removed his hand from his hand and placed it on his forehead gently appearing to be checking for a fever before removing the hand and eyeing him lengthy. 
He heard from Father Barry "Talk to me on what's troubling you." 
MacLeod shivered shaking hard from hearing the soothing soft tone from Father Barry and from fear hitting him hard making him shake. He relieved fully in his mind what started the fearful feeling in the first place.
He spoke "I don't know what you're talking about Father." 
He heard in response "You're shivering in fear of something so talk on what it is now." 
He spoke as if feeling like needing to talk "I recall being watched by various camera devices and people for three days straight while living in New Jack City. I doing various things out about in the city including in my residence. I not given any privacy despite my attempts to contain myself in my home apartment. I would always find various devices in furniture and in the walls of my home indicating people spying onto me. That were removed but found replaced the next day after I had a night sleeping in bed. After three days of spying on me I went out to get some food due to my supply was low. I wound up knocked out unconscious by three people walking up to me grabbing my arms and injecting me with syringe needles in my neck. I woke up to find myself contained in a glass box like in a zoo wearing only a loin cloth while seeing nothing out of it. I feeling myself always watched along with fed nourishment of strawberry milkshakes from bottles dropped from the ceiling. I wound up trained by the hidden people using electricity to depose the bottles in some opening in the floor in the middle of the box room. I wasn't able to lie down due to that the floor was metal grate and uncomfortable for my body to tolerate. I never got any decent sleep while in there. This along with the feeling of watched by people and various technology uses never left at all. I don't want to undergo that again hence me afraid to trust people who might put me in that cage again." 
He exhaled a breath feeling himself still fearful. 
He heard from Father Barry "And how did you escape hmm?"
MacLeod shifted his eyes towards Father Barry who narrowed them with suspicion in them despite them all black looking. The male implying to him of something else he wasn't going to say. 
He spoke sensing himself getting angry "I played sick while in there by not taking in the nourishment for awhile or doing anything other than curled up in a ball. They took me out by carrying me then lowered me to the ground which I managed to escape them. What are you implying Father?"
He glared at Father Barry feeling his mood no longer fearful but angry as the male spoke "You want to explain why there's a recording of you escaping the guardians of the glass box. You using means that indicated unnatural Human abilities other than the abilities of detected mind walking abilities in us Ancient Ones, using that?"
MacLeod heard the firmness of Father Barry's voice tone recalled how he got out of the box. He remembered he used combative art moves to get the people dressed in white clothing and masks on their faces to get them off of him. Along with willing forwards the Master to put them to sleep by mental orders seeing it work by them collapsing onto the ground. He looked around to discover the box was in some warehouse sitting on a dirt ground floor. He used mental powers to avoid people high overhead on catwalks using dart guns shooting at him. He found the door entrance used the Master powers to escape the warehouse to get outside using mental powers to get the door unlocked. He ran into the city he recognized belonging to New Jack City. He continued to recall that he used various tricks and methods of his mental abilities to live in the city as a homeless bum gaining money and items for pawning off. Most of the items were from people who confronted him on his face looking like Lance Richard dubbing the god as Lance Nightwalker to his annoyance. He kept it up for uncounted number of days. Jinx remembered clearly that he got the idea of going to his Mother's grave site by seeing an ad for Elizabethan Town as a touristy destination on a TV. Blaring its screen to the public from a window and recalled on where she was buried and kept the idea despite the Sages heard blaring trying to talk him out of it. He sat up after hearing a throat clearing noise from the male feeling himself fearful again.
MacLeod spoke "Get out and leave me alone Father. I don't want to talk to you anymore." 
He resumed lying his form down and shifted till his back was facing Father Barry.
He heard spoke "There's people standing outside of the room in the hallway. They're waiting to put you back into the glass box. Their minds made up on having you contained in that situation despite you admitting to being afraid of it." 
MacLeod mentally spoke in response "Drat I was afraid of this. These people haven't learned anything involving treating me the way I wanted to be treated." 
He heard "Tam-Mykola MacLeod, just admit it that you have godlike abilities as seen by us Ancient Ones, people. That haven't seen that before from myself or vessels of me including vessels of the Ancient Ones." 
MacLeod groaned softly recognizing the voice of Lance Richard sounding spoken in his mind after a lengthy silence, rolled over to face Father Barry who spoke "I think the glass box will do so knock him out now." 
He got up from the bed kicking a foot at Father Barry's hand knocking aside a familiar syringe needle. He darted towards a corner in the room to stand back to it. He heard the sound of a door smashing open eyed the room's entrance to see three men covered in white clothes with masks on their faces come into the room aiming syringe dart guns in their hands aimed at him while halting from their charge. 
He glared at the men as Father Barry's voice was heard "What are you waiting for? Knock him out now!"
MacLeod eyed the men with a glare to see them hesitate but urged by Father Barry. He saw two charged towards him as one hung back gun aimed at him. He proceeded to do limber kicks in combative art moves of karate towards the men keeping them away from him as they came near him each time. 
He kept his back to the wall as he heard from Lance abruptly "Jinx admit it about your godlike powers now! They'll back off if you do!"
MacLeod ignored Lance's words as he continued to aim kicks towards the men to hear Father Barry speaking "Don’t stand there! Shoot him now!"
He spoke as he heard a dart gun go off "Don’t you dare do this to me Father!"
MacLeod groaned from fear hitting him again as there was a feeling of a needle dart hitting home on his neck. This was followed by sleepiness hitting him making him slid to the floor passing out unconscious to come to feeling the familiar sense of a metal grating along with electric shocks shocking him awake. Him finding himself clad in only a loincloth and nothing else on his form. He raised himself to kneel looking around the small boxy room that had black walls all around him. That along with the feelings of himself watched and recorded by various devices as a bottle hit him from above landing on his head and falling off. He grabbed the bottle uncapping in and forced himself to sip the drink entirely then deposed the liquid holder in a small round hole in the middle of the floor for bottle deposing. 
He again felt the familiar fearful feeling hitting him rubbed hands on his face to hear from the Sages "MacLeod, the Ancient Ones as they dub themselves have suspected that you have godlike abilities Humans both Ancient Ones, and Lower Ones including Bloodies naturally don't have. They have pulled this containment stunt as a way of getting you to reveal those abilities to them. That's due to that their fear of you has taken control. Their afraid of you as you are afraid of them." 
MacLeod rubbed hands on his forehead in response keeping his mind blank to lower his hands to his sides. He eyed the black wall in front of him to mentally will forwards the Master making his Nightwalker's Human eyes entirely black. He willed away then willed the ability in control eyeing the wall with eyes narrowed. He waited feeling himself needing to overcome his fear of the glass box and the watchers to overcome their fear of him. MacLeod kept his eyes narrowed eyeing the glass wall to see it shift aside showing no one in sight. He got up and walked out finding the cage on top of some stair pyramid illuminated by a spotlight with stairs leading down. MacLeod walked down the stairs hearing whooshing sounds aiming towards him he saw darts coming from three guns of three men on one side of him on a catwalk above him. He waved hands towards the darts seeing them fall to the ground instead of hitting him. He eyed the men to will sleepiness hitting them seeing his order take hold by them collapsing onto the catwalk lying onto it. He continued to walk down the stairs till electricity was heard by him sounding below. He reached the bottom step seeing there was a small puddle of water holding wires in it at the foot. He felt the stairs become a treadmill abruptly. MacLeod flipped himself into an acrobatic air move rare for Human males to do despite training done. He sailing over the puddle using the treadmill to launch himself up in the air over it. He landed on the dirt ground and heard the treadmill stop. MacLeod felt the dirt ground become like quicksand sinking him which he raised his hands palms up feeling himself compelled to do it.
He mentally speaking "Earth hard now." 
He felt the sinking feeling of the quicksand stop as the earth he felt became hard as stone. 
He lowered his hands and continued walking forwards only to halt hearing "Admit it! MacLeod! You have godlike abilities which you have despite Humans not displaying it!" 
MacLeod felt himself not nervous hearing Walls' familiar voice sounding in his mind mentally spoke "Why should I admit this power usage to you or anyone else? Despite people would treat me as a freak of nature and contain me in some glass box again?"
He heard nothing in response as he looked around seeing he was in a warehouse room to spot Father Barry above on a gangplank with two other males wearing similar clothing as him. That was indicating the three as the familiar leaders of the Ancient Ones' group eyeing him with various emotions on their faces as a spotlight shined over him abruptly blocking his view of them. He looked around him seeing himself surrounded by six figures appearing to be wearing padded clothing covering them from head to foot and padded helmet wear with faces completely covered came charging towards him. Them holding stick weapons in their hands. He felt annoyance take hold seeing the figures as they reached him swinging the sticks he saw were of metal and electric from the looks of it. MacLeod proceeded to duck repeatedly from their swinging aimed at him while hearing metal clanging noises along with electricity zapping noises as sticks hit each other. 
He thought to himself "Perhaps I'll use my powers to put them down." 
MacLeod heard in response "Don't be a coward and fight them!"
He felt annoyance take hold hearing the voice sounding amplified and computer like. He figured it was from the three leaders glimpsed watching him and the six figures still swinging at him. He proceeded to use karate moves of kicking and fisting onto the figures. He seeing them flying backwards in the air after they were hit but saw them twist their forms into acrobatic moves to land safety on the ground before resuming their attack on him. 
MacLeod snarled mentally "The attackers are females not males. Besides whose idea was it to have me fighting them anyway? I ought to have a stern talk with that person. I despise fighting females." 
MacLeod resumed his fisting and kicking at the females he assumed were the attackers. They all paused from their attack to lower the stick weapons pointing the ends at him. He stiffened of nervousness seeing that gesture which he fell into a perfect split move on the ground. He heard multiple clicking noises and loud grunts from the females. MacLeod rolled himself out of the circle of the females and got up swinging himself up with an acrobatic move. He saw the females had ropes on their sticks appearing to be from a female opposite from her coming from her stick end. He went to the nearest female on his right to see her drop the stick and charge at him with feet and hands fisted flying aimed at him. MacLeod proceeded to use his feet and fists counterattacking the female's moves. He seeing her fly backwards after he hit her only to see her twist into an acrobatic move to land safety on the ground on her feet before resuming charging at him. He glimpsed the other females drop their sticks and charged at him with their feet and fists flying aimed at him. 
MacLeod mentally spoke during the fighting "This is getting ridiculous! I don't give a care if it's cowardly or not to use my powers! I despise fighting with females!" 
He sensed the Master in control as he heard nothing from Lance in response. He waved hands palms facing towards the charging females while mentally speaking the sleep command. MacLeod found his orders obeyed by the females each one becoming slow in their attack followed by them collapsing onto the ground with forms still with chests appearing to be heaving from the looks of it. 
He looked up to glare at the three leaders and eyed the spotlight to mentally speak while rising a hand towards it "Light out."
MacLeod found his order obeyed by the spotlight bulb he glimpsed shattering with sparks seen and light going out. He eyed the three leaders to feel annoyed with them instead of fearful to realize that they could still see him via the light illuminated the glass cage behind him. 
He turned around and waved a hand towards the spotlight mentally speaking "Light out."
MacLeod turned around after seeing his order hit home to again eye the men seeing them hold up flashlights by the lights' glare seen from them that the lights weren't aimed at him. 
He saw them appeared to be in discussion talking to each other by flashlights moving in gestures as he heard "MacLeod its unusual for Humans to see a vessel of me to have unnatural Human abilities. Despite them never reported seen from me when I had a body so talk on those godlike abilities. I admit it I did have godlike abilities that involved eye change colors mostly but other abilities I kept to myself instead of flaunting to people. That despite how greedy people were on wanting me to do it. I oath I will keep you out of the glass box for the rest of your life anyway. So trust me please on this as your Father and you my son." 
He exhaled a breath and kneeled down on the dirt ground while keeping an eye on the three men still talking with each other gesturing by shining flashlights with their hands. 
He mentally spoke "Fine Father I have godlike abilities activated by whenever I will forwards this state I dubbed Master. Its as in willing down a wall in my mind which causes my eyes to change colors from Humanoid like black to unnatural all black looking including the whites of my eyes are that color too. I can manipulate people, gonoids and some objects to do various things by mental orders with hand gestures aimed at them. I have some limber ability along with an ability to throw my body into acrobatic moves only female Humans can do with training. That despite male Humans having rare success of doing them even with training or practice attempted. I also figured out just recent on how to manipulate the earth ground to keep me from sinking into it." 
MacLeod heard in response to his talk "Its Father Barry. MacLeod, stop being afraid and trust me to help you with your problems."
He frowned hearing that from Father Barry felt sleepiness hitting him from a stinging pain of a needle dart hitting his back slid his form onto the floor. He heard a loud roar of a dinosaur sounded loudly to him as everything went black. 

MacLeod opened his eyes abruptly finding himself lying on the grassed ground feeling the campfire's heat gone. He jerked open his eyes looking around with night vision. He eyed Maribel nearby reins tied to a bush that gave off a whinnying sound of annoyance before resuming grazing on the grassed ground. He exhaled a breath and inhaled through his mouth and forced himself to nose breathe. MacLeod looked around the area seeing he was in some clearing as the dinosaur sounded again. This was followed by multiple dinosaurs roaring again. He felt himself still nervous from the noises but felt his fearful feeling that had taken hold had stopped controlling him. He frowned forcing himself to get up seeing the campfire was out.
Only to hear loudly within his mind "MacLeod, get to safety now! The dinosaurs are getting antsy judging by the noises their making!" 
He didn't comment a response to release the reins' holds on the bush and slipped it over Maribel's head. He got onto her only to hold on as she took off running into the bushes while giving a loud whinny sound of terror. MacLeod clung to the reins and with the Master in control found Maribel refused to budge with her running path or obey his orders of getting her into a direction. She kept on galloping sounding panicky to him. He clung to her as he recognized the direction she was taking him to. It was towards the New Jack City's fenced entrance and glimpsed it in the tree tops high overhead in view. He allowed Maribel to have her head leading him towards the fence's entrance. On arrival he found the doors open instead of closed like he thought he left them after leaving the area. MacLeod heard a roar behind him as he paused the horse from galloping. He looked to see the bushes rumbled showing a dinosaur coming out that stood and roared at him with mouth gaping. He heard Maribel give off whinnying sounds of terror and found himself thrown off landing on the ground as she reared backwards. He twisted his form to land safety onto the ground on his feet. He went to eye the horse and saw her going inside the fenced doors' entrance to find the dinosaur gave chase only to halt outside the doorway by banging its chest onto the top of the entrance. The dinosaur looked to him to appear to struggle to follow by it repeatedly banging itself into the entrance instead of smartly ducking down to get inside. MacLeod eyed the dinosaur warily as he crawled towards the wall near the entrance to see it shaking its head then shifted to eye him while giving off a roaring sound. MacLeod was quickly onto his feet sensing the Master in control eyeing the dinosaur while feeling himself nervous unexpectedly. The dinosaur charged towards him which he threw himself into an acrobatic air move out of the way of the charge. He saw the dinosaur's charge had made it get away from the entrance seeing the doors sliding shut in a slow move. He ran towards the entrance while hearing a roaring sound behind him. He quickly darted inside throwing himself inside as the doors' opening became narrower and narrower. He hit the metal ground with a grunt sound to find himself partially inside the room adjusted his form to get it completely inside. The dinosaur was seen by him charging towards him. He lay inside the room eyeing the dinosaur and the doors willing them to shut quickly, shut his eyes. MacLeod heard the sound of the doors slamming shut along with a faint bang sound followed by multiple banging sounds. He jerked open his eyes looking around seeing that he was safe with Maribel with the doors shut and the dinosaur was no where in sight. He exhaled a breath breathing deeply through his mouth. MacLeod got up and went to Maribel that neighed sounding annoyed to him. He didn't comment a response grabbed the reins and took her into the hallway while manipulating doors leading to the city's forest. He waited as the familiar computer voice spoke about it safe for doors to be opened followed by saying that it was safe to open the door. He obeyed due to that they were charged by high powered electricity that could kill a manoid by touch. MacLeod led Maribel out of the area into New Jack City's forest while breathing the air deeply. 
He sighed thinking to himself "At least I'm safe for now." 
He heard from the Sages abruptly "Get yourself this location in the city is where the Lancelot headquarters are."
MacLeod frowned hearing the Sages rattle off the address which he mentally spoke "Sages you better have done something about the religious fanatics." 
He heard as he got onto Maribel "Trust us, Tam-Mykola MacLeod, to handle situations among the Ancient Ones and Lower Ones involving people and yourself as well." 
He sighed and urged Maribel to gallop finding no protest from her. He found her leading him towards the city despite him not doing any manipulating towards the horse.
MacLeod felt himself not nervous as he and Maribel entered the city boundary after a bit of riding. He sensed from Maribel that she was leading him towards the city location the Sages told him to go by his memory of the city. She appearing to be headed towards there. He willed aside the Master feeling like he didn't need it in control. The address loomed in sight he saw was a tall towering building with a glass entrance. He saw standing in front were four men with intense all blue eyes while wearing military combat uniforms and guns in their hands that did double take looks seeing him come into view. MacLeod felt himself still not nervous as Maribel halted in front of the men which one came forwards to grab her halter as he got off of her. He didn't comment a response as one of the guards he assumed were they, held open one of the glass doors and with a head gesture gestured him to go inside which he obeyed. MacLeod saw multiple males some appearing to be Ancient Ones from the looks of them having intense all blue eyes and no eyebrow hair while in the lobby room wearing similar uniforms and guns in their hands. They do double take looks seeing him as he came into view. He stopped walking to feel an arm wrap around his head from behind along with a syringe injected into his neck making him sleepy followed by shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

MacLeod came to feeling electric shocks along with the familiar metal grate felt on his back from lying in that position. He jerked open his eyes finding himself contained in the familiar box as a bottle dropped onto him from above while feeling that he wasn't nervous as he was before. He felt himself hungry grabbed the bottle while sitting up to feel the electricity ceased its actions. He took his time drinking the liquid holder's contents then deposits it in a hole in the middle of the floor. He adjusted his position to kneel facing a black wall sensing someone behind it watching him along with senses of recorders recording his movements. MacLeod willed the Master through and then willed it away followed by again willing it forwards while eyeing the wall. MacLeod saw the wall slid away showing Father Barry standing eyeing him with eyes narrowed and sensed fear from the male. He got up and walked out onto the dirt floor towards the man seeing his lip twitching. He heard gun cocking sounds loudly as he walked up towards Father Barry halted to stand staring. He saw Father Barry's eyes remained narrowed and saw suspicion form in them despite fear sensed from him. 
MacLeod heard from the Sages "MacLeod, get over your fear and admit your godlike abilities to Father Barry."
He obeyed to speak about them to Father Barry who's face he saw showed ranges of emotions. He sensed that others were eavesdropping on his talk refrained from mentioning the sense. 
MacLeod clamped his mouth shut once done while eyeing Father Barry who spoke "Interesting hearing that from you." 
He didn't comment a response as Father Barry continued sounding not fearful to him "Alright knock him out now!"
MacLeod gasped as there were stinging pains hitting his left side of needle darts slid towards the floor mentally thinking "Drat this is not what I had in mind." 
He passed out unconscious. 

MacLeod came to hearing a siren like sound jerking him awake making him lurch up into a sitting position. He gasped for breath panting hard looking around finding himself sitting on a bed in a bedroom clad in armor that was twin to the Knightmen he later recognized them as. 
He recognized the bedroom as the castle he stayed in, in the first time he arrived to Terra via the land of Ireland as he heard loudly "Its morning time to get up." 
He gasped recognizing the voice as a Knightman standing nearby him covered up in armor while holding a tray holding a steaming mug. 
MacLeod mentally spoke "What's going on for people to treat me this way?"
He heard "MacLeod, Father Barry had to knock you out to get you here to Ireland, to safety. Members quite fanatic were seen camping outside the warehouse. Someone blabbed that you were there soon after you were knocked out after arrival to the Lancelot's building. Trust the All Seeing One on getting things worked out for you." 
He didn't comment a response got up from the bed and went to a wingback chair to sit leaning back eyes on the bedroom door seemingly lengthy. 
He heard from the Sages "We managed to get Father Barry to get it what you wanted from members of the Lancelot group. We also managed to get him to speak in a firm tone of authority at a recent gathering. He talking about the members' treatment towards you is causing you to get away from them. A vast majority of the members there were overheard after Father Barry finished his talk to agree with him on what he said. We sensed that their telling him what he wants to hear. He included a threat towards members of being put in jail if they kept up the behavior. Due to that its stalker like and that there's a law against that so you'll be fine for now, Tam-Mykola. We're still working on the problem of getting the members to treat you appropriately. Despite them still sensed thinking of being fanatical." 
He sighed leaning his head back shutting his eyes feeling himself too tired to comment in response towards the Sages' words. 

MacLeod wound up with a start opening eyes finding himself lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his hair. He frowned as he saw a door from the foot of the bed which he went to and pulled on it. He frowned with annoyance as the door refused to give and with a grunt thumped his fist onto the wooden door. 
He heard an electronic voice in a female tone “Not programmed for opening.” 
He went to the bed to sit after waking up from sitting in the wingback chair after recalling the scene of the bed in a small room was a dream. 
He frowned as a memory of himself wearing Julian Nightwalker's familiar clothing on his form flashed in his mind but it was a different color showing black boots, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form. He saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on a horse he remembering the dream for the first time. He recalled others behind him wearing identical clothes. Some having faces bared showing them Bloodies like vampires with fanged teeth seen and seated on horses while some were standing. MacLeod grimaced of the memory from Julian Nightwalker's facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass field his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare. MacLeod frowned thinking of the memory as he recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights during his time as Julian Nightwalker of a female wearing some flowing purple dress with his facial appearance and long black hair. 
She spoke “You’ll remember who you are and will acknowledge me.”
Jinx felt rage running through him seeing in his mind a bearded male with a crown on his head. He recalled from memory himself appearing to be a teenager while wearing Julian Nightwalker's familiar clothing in different colors meeting the male who was introduced as a King named George of Brittany and bowing in front of him.
He recalled an older black haired female Sonya he remembering saw as his Mother told him not in the King’s presence but in private “This is the man your to kill so remember that.”
MacLeod remembered the memory with rage running through him. 
The female repeatedly kept on raising him over the years as he grew up not as Tam-Mykola MacLeod but as someone else he identified as Julian Nightwalker on Terra. He recalling the female telling him he was to kill a man named George and take his place as King. This was said along with getting people to see him deity like enough for worshipping. MacLeod, recalling the memories got up from the bed and went to the foot of the bed to kneel in front of the bed's dresser while thinking of needing to mediate from his angry mood hitting him. He felt his rage running through him as he recalled another memory. He saw a familiar black haired female appearing to be an Ancient One with her all blue eyes giving birth to a baby, a male and denied nursing it by the familiar Sonya female who he saw Julian Nightwalker's Mother. The Sonya female was seen took him away. MacLeod felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to astral project which involved ghost walking out of his body and doing various things with that ability. He opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s dresser as he remembered himself living in Terra soon after he landed into a pool of water in the nation of Brazil in Terra a planetary world dominated by hidden Elves living there due to not able to get to live among the natives as equals. That was because of being born off Terra on Aire, by a woman named Victoria Thunder who later admitted to him once he was old enough to get it her talk that she was sick with a mental health issue she had refused to say what it was. MacLeod groaned anger leaving him as he recalled that his Mother Victoria Thunder raised him underneath the care of the Elves in their home islands on planet Aire. Then when he was grown to legal adult age of twenty three he was knocked unconscious by Mindbender a servant of the Elves that always worn Lance Richard's clothing but in styled green with weapons and face hidden. He woke up to find that his Mother left him a note while he found himself left in forest jungle with a written message saying that he didn’t need his Mother's care or care of the Elves. She was going to live with the Elves where she was receiving medical care for her mental health issues. He recalled trying to get himself off the island holding Humans to the Elves' home islands but was denied it due to not having the proper identification by the transport people mostly Elves who laughed in his face whenever he tried to buy a ticket. He recalled that his travel on the island resulted into him finding the tree where it was holding the travel gate inside and he entered it getting onto Terra. MacLeod exhaled a breath struggling to relax as he remembered later evicted from the travel gate's passageway and dumped onto a lake in Brazil. He wound up living in the bad part of the nation of Brazil where there was lawlessness happening including sucking by Bloodies targeting him despite he finding himself not immune to their biting behavior. He was living in a shanty town used as a food slave by the traveling Bloodies not sparing him and the town's natives till some blond haired female spotted him and gave him her name of Melania omitting a last name and refusing to give him one. She brought him out of the shanty town via jeep vehicle and guards with her using force to get him inside the vehicle and knocked unconscious. MacLeod recalled waking up in an apartment with Melania straddling him while he was tied up she doing a mating behavior act onto him. It was where he lived with her while she kept on using him for sexual favors despite he repeatedly tied up. He discovered that she kept on keeping him contained in her apartment but stopped the mating while she apparently carrying a baby from hearing the word Daddy spoken whenever he eyed her abdomen. He recalled confronting her about the pregnancy when it was obvious and she confirmed it but she refused to tell him if she was the father of her baby. She refused to talk on anything else regarding that subject he brought up to her face while still contained in her apartment in one room he unable to get out. He continued to remember that one night while asleep he felt a prick of pain in his neck that made him sleepier. He woke up in the city's police's brig. 
He was told "A witness has seen you attacking a pregnant woman." 
He realized from the cop's snickering voice tone that Melania had retaliated against him. He remembered fuming that he stayed in the brig for a standard week as in seven planetary sun days while doing his karate movements called martial arts while feeling himself filmed via camera. He recalled from learning it as a youngster from Mindbender in private tutoring from underneath the Elves' care on their island nation's home on Planet Aire. The teaching stopped once he earned the highest belt rank of black according to the Elves' hidden leader Horus as he was dubbed when he was twenty years old. 

MacLeod frowned as he recalled getting out of the brig brought out by Melania. She refused to apologize for the stunt of knocking him out asleep along with having him thrown in the brig to stay for a certain time period despite him expecting her to do it. He recalled that Melania put off the talk on her pregnancy and why she was with him. She brought him to a transport where it went stopping in front of a building. He was escorted out of the transport to inside the building to find a large room lobby that appeared to be a lounge room then passed the room to the stairs. They took several sets till they reached a hallway despite he forced to carry her she complaining of her feet hurt. She stopped at a door numbered eight on it and unlocked it. Inside he saw was their familiar one room apartment with scattered furniture around surrounding a large bed against a wall facing the doorway. He remembering could see a kitchen unit next to the doorway on the same wall with a blank wall on his left holding living room furniture. 

MacLeod sighed as he remembered lying in the bed under candle light staring at Melania whose abdomen swollen showing her pregnancy. 
He was thinking to himself “Two Minas to go before baby is born.” 
He recalled the Minas were planet Aire's Elves' slang talk for fourteen suns. He heard Melania gasp in pain and saw a pained look on her face while hearing her groan loudly before becoming still with breathing slow and deeper than normal. He abruptly got up from the bed towards the phone hanging on the wall next to the kitchen unit and dialed for emergency. The medical personal the paramedics arrived soon after the phone call and took Melania with him to the hospital. 
He sat in the waiting room waiting for news on Melania as a Human with looks of a Bloody despite no fanged teeth seen wearing scrubs came into the room speaking his name "Tam-Mykola MacLeod?" 
He stood up and was told "The baby a boy was taken out surgically and discovered dead." 
He felt himself stiffen from the Elves' slang talk for dead as the doctor added "Melania wound up dying on the operating table from some problem with her heart." 
He was handed back the diamond ring he had her wear to show that she was engaged to him before sitting down with deadness again arriving within him. 

MacLeod opened his eyes grimacing of the memory of the deadness feeling hitting him which he recalled clearing up a shelf in the wall that was knee high and putting Melania’s favorite sweater folded on it with some candles not lighted flanking it. He pulled out from his dresser drawer a karate weapon. He dubbed Chuck which was two lower arms sized metal bars attached by a chain. He used to do his karate motions along with doing it without the weapon. He had finished his karate when the phone rang and he went to answer it. 
He heard a female voice sounding computer like in a monotone voice telling him "There’s an opening for a Cleaner at a place called Richardson Industries at a location walking distance from your apartment. You're to show up there at an appointed time of nine o'clock daylight time. We’ll make sure you’ll get the job." 

MacLeod frowned as he got up from his kneeling pose to sit on the bed thinking of the janitor job which he acquired. He discovered the boss dubbed Richardson of Richardson Industries seemed to have a strong dislike towards him judging by the feeling he got whenever he met Richardson who glared at him with anger simmering from the man. 

MacLeod sighed as he recalled doing some mopping in the cafeteria room and was met by a brown haired woman with all blue eyes who worked in one of the offices. 
She looking at him with an intense stare "Richardson wants to see you in his office." 
He had taken the elevator to Richardson’s office. 
Richardson on arrival told him "You're to take the stairs."
Richardson added in a rude tone "My office floor wasn’t properly vacuumed. I expect you to do better than that shoddy job done already."
MacLeod at the moment felt himself snap which he attacked Richardson hitting and kicking at him with his karate who had no defenses from his blows. 
He managed to get Richardson lying on the floor till the man spoke with pleading in his voice “Please don’t hurt me.”
He stopped his attack went to the phone and dialed for emergency leaving the phone in Richardson's hands. Then took the stairs back to the cafeteria where he continued to mop the floor. 
He was interrupted by Richardson’s second in command a man named Teague Marshall "Richardson was taken to the hospital to be checked out." 
He had shrugged at what he was told and continued mopping till Teague was sensed near him again "Richardson wants you in his office now!" 
He had followed Teague to Richardson’s office to see a familiar male he later recognized as Father Barry minus the cane was sitting in Richardson's desk with a frown on his face. Father Barry, he saw had eyes staring at a male he saw had a Human face with no eyebrows and intense all blue eyes creeping him out and a bald head. The male was wearing a suit with a doctor's coat on. He frowned as Father Barry got up from the desk to stand next to him again staring at him with a creepy intense look. 
The doctor he assumed was the male spoke in some hypnotic voice tone "I have found your father who’s a good man." 
MacLeod got riled up screaming "My father abandoned me! I will have nothing to do with him!" 
At the moment he was restrained by Teague who held him in an ironclad grip as the doctor undid his necklace and walked out of the office with it. 
MacLeod had struggled against the man's hold till Richardson’s phone rang and he was let go. He felt himself in a daze walked out ignoring Teague answering the phone and speaking. He walked out ignoring people and walked outside till something snapped inside him that got his hand up in front of him. It took him the rest of the day to mentally track the diamond ring attached to the necklace while walking through a part of the city of Elizabethan Town with some of the natives having small eyed looks and tanned faces while looking at his way with glares on their faces which he ignored. It was night time by the time he tracked the necklace at a temple with doors open. He walked inside walking several corridors till he reached a large room with a statue sitting in a cross legged pose at one end and a young Human with small eyed look wearing orange clothing lying asleep on the floor in front of it with a hand holding his necklace. He had felt anger arriving went to a large candle holder stick next to the wall attached to a statue of a Human male wearing twin clothes as the male on the floor. 
He took off the lighted candle and with it in hand mentally ordered to the sleeping Human “Get up.” 
The sleeping Human he saw got up with eyes closed as he mentally ordered “Give me back my necklace now.” 
His order was obeyed which he pocketed it to feel a tugging sensation from the area but ignored it. 
He heard water sounds nearby mentally ordered “Follow me now.” 
The Human he saw followed him. He walked several corridors till where he heard water moving fast like a fountain. He walked further nearing the water’s source till the candle went out with a whoosh. He heard a gasp sound of surprise from behind him followed by blinking his eyes as electric lights from above turned on. He discovered himself in a courtyard with lights from above illuminating the contents. He saw was he surrounded by Human males in orange clothing away with one in his line of sight holding his necklace. He brought a hand to his pocket to discover the necklace gone then with anger snapped the candle in two and charged towards the Human holding the necklace. His charge was blocked by the same Human he mentally controlled who met his karate moves with blocks as if mind walking his mind and anticipating them. He found himself getting controlled by his anger enough to get knocked to the ground and mist blown in his face. It made him sleepy and he fell asleep only to wake up in a room lying on a cot. Him suffering from some sickness that made him throw up repeatedly onto the floor over and over along with passing out unconscious several times from the throwing up which lasted. He passed out unconscious to dream of a dream. MacLeod frowned recalling the dream was of himself as a fourteen year old living in planet Aire with his Mother raiser Victoria Thunder before she revealed that she was his Mother biology. She came home one evening with a tall male wearing a suit with long black hair wearing a suit that on introduction was named Tom. 
His Mother wound up speaking saying towards him "Get us the wine from the kitchen now my dear sonny." 
He figured that his Mother was taken advantage by the male having her drunk by the little girl voice she used as she resumed kissing the male. That was hoping to get her in bed in some mating ritual by the smirk on the male's face seen as the male was seen kissing her. They went to the living room which he entered the hallway leading to the bedrooms and bathrooms. He entered the kitchen due to that there was another entrance to there leading to the living room. He pulled out a wine bottle and filled two mugs full of them despite his senses blaring warning indicating that he was being filmed he later found out of that. He went inside the bathroom to root around the medical cabinet. He found two packets of sleeping powder took them out and poured them into the wine after some spoon stirring. MacLeod took the cups to the living room finding his Mother and the male on the couch in some lip lock ritual. He had to clear his throat repeatedly while hoping to get the male's attention due to his Mother's love struck behavior of unable to hear him. He found he got the male's attention who broke off the kiss to take the cups from him with a wink. He saw them both gulp the mugs' contents down before dropping the liquid holders onto the floor and resuming their lip locking ignoring him watching. He went to the armchair waiting for the sleeping powder to take affect within them. MacLeod eyed them both in their lip ritual till they quit slumping over on the couch and his senses cued towards them indicated them asleep. 
He picked up a candle and took out his lighter lighting it up and mentally spoke "Male get up."
MacLeod got up seeing the male get up with eyes shut form jerkily. 
He mentally ordered "Follow me." 
He found his order obeyed finding the male following him out of the apartment into the hallway despite senses blaring of being filmed. He making sure that his credit card key was in his pocket of his jeans. He led the male through the building's stairwell ignoring people walking by some sensed staring and giving off sounds of disapproval he ignored. He shifted to eye the male seeing two cops come into view grabbing the man's arms in some lock hold. He blew out the candle and ducked around a doorway eyeing the male get arrested by the cops calling him by this name of Tom and that they were ordered to escort him out of the building to the police precinct. MacLeod found Tom, he assumed was his name protesting while using vulgar language as he was hauled down the stairs he noticed the male looking at the doorway where he was hiding with a look of accusation on his face. He went back to his apartment shared with his Mother to find her still sprawled on the couch passed out. He smelled the alcohol on her breath from her mouth open. MacLeod sighed and dialed for emergency. He figuring out that the sleeping powder would give her a bad side affect with the alcohol. He found the paramedics were quick to arrive which instead of taking her to the hospital like he expected only gave her a shot of something water like and put her in her bedroom.
They wound up telling him "Keep the bathroom free. It's due to that the medicine would make her expel the contents of her stomach an hour after she wakes up from the effects of the medicine we gave her." 
MacLeod frowned recalling that he went to his room lying on his bed staring at the walls with the door open while ordering the room's alarm clock to give off a time frame every five minutes. He found an hour went by to hear the sound of door slamming twice. He got up and peered out the bedroom at his Mother's bedroom door finding it was shut and heard a faint sound of retching inside when he got it open a crack. He figured that his mother had woken up and was doing what the paramedics had said. 

MacLeod exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the white ceiling at his first meeting with Tom Thunder, Victoria's husband he mistakenly got the wrong impression on him. He recalled Tom got revenge by revealing himself as Mindbender, a servant of Elves' leader Horus who ordered him via Elf's speaker to physically fight the male using combative art. MacLeod recalled that Tom displayed a bony jaw popping look and appeared to have anticipated his moves like a mind walker before causing him a scratch of a scar on his cheek with his bony hands that were actually claws. MacLeod groaned softly while still lying on the bed to recall that Horus via Elf speaker ordered him to accept the scar on his face and not do anything to it in punishment of treating Victoria's husband Tom wrongly. He groaned softly as he recalled himself as Julian Nightwalker abruptly as a teenager wearing the familiar clothing of tunic top leggings and slipper like shoes on his feet fighting an older male wearing identical clothing. He saw was bearded and a bit on the overweight side with brown swords that didn’t clang when hit. 
He continued to recall Julian poked the sword on the male’s neck on the side and spoke in some odd accent “Got you, Ianno.” 
The male he assumed was named Ianno spoke “Are you sure? Check where my sword is.” 
He saw Julian look down to see Ianno’s sword poking him in the chest right over his heart. He watched from memory as Julian gave up a loud roar then waved his hand along with brown sword while stomping his feet in an apparent tantrum before resuming sparring with Ianno. 

MacLeod groaned from the memory as another memory of himself flashed in his mind. 
He recalled it was still the beginning of a break while in Terra still used as a sexual toy for females to breed offsprings with him fathering them. He frowned with grimace as he remembered being in the grocery store walking distance from home. Melania had allowed him free reign to travel around the city of New Jack City but forbidden him to leave. He out of boredom of a break of not doing any sexual acts when to a grocery store despite he clueless on what to shop for food for.
He wound up asking "Do you have a job for me I can do?"
He was told by a manager "The job positions are filled up. We can’t hire anyone but are willing to keep your asking on file for our records if a position opened." 
He felt anger left the grocery store walking out to meet Melania's goons outside. They walked him to an unfamiliar building where he found house an dance school involving females to learn stripper work he was to be used as a proxy for females to do stripping onto him. 

MacLeod remembering, fumed in anger as he recalled the stripper school's teacher Mister Lee's nasty comment towards him "I'm not taking anybody like the looks of him to take him on as a student of my school." 
He left the school grumbling while signing in hand language "Mister Lee is rude. He seemed to be focused onto females at the moment. It's judging by the looks of the students in the school. Harrumph!" 
He frowned as at night time he snuck out of the apartment carrying a candle and a lighter in his pocket of his jeans while wearing a hooded light jacket with hood covering his head. He went to the grocery store’s lounge room despite it for employees only. He spotted a male form on a couch still while leaning against the window showing a planet that didn't appear to be Aire which he went to feeling curious. 
He saw was a male asleep with a look of a small eyed look while wearing the grocery store’s uniform on him. He stared at the male and thought of the strippers' school as an idea came to his mind. He pulled out the candle and the lighter which he lit the candle and put away the lighter. 
He mentally ordered towards the male “Get up.”
The male he saw obeyed, getting up with his eyes still closed while moving his form jerkily. 
He again ordered mentally “Follow me.” 
He walked out of the lounge room through the store ignoring people on the way not caring that they were noticing or not. He took a route to the strippers' school followed by the male till they reached the glass door again ignoring people walking by them. He still not caring on them spying onto them. 
He ordered “Smash yourself through the door and destroy the contents of everything inside.” 
MacLeod waited as the male made a running jog smashing himself through the glass door. He watched as he began using his fists and legs to cause damage to the inside as he sensed an alarm go off. He walked away carrying the lighted candle and walked across the hallway to a doorway waiting and watching. He was rewarded when he saw cops arriving to the school doorway followed by two officers running inside with guns drawn. He blew out the candle and then walked away taking his familiar route outside. He walked home unnoticed going inside the apartment and got himself to his room to lie on the bed closing his eyes. In the morning he woke up to find one of the females who used him for sex sitting on the couch with a glare on her face with the local news playing on the TV. 
He signed to her despite she balking on using voice talk he was ordered to use hand language “What’s wrong, sweetie?”
He stared at the female who signed looking at him “A guy named Mister Lee had his school broken in and wrecked up causing damage that’ll cost him money to fix.” 
He frowned as the phone rang and he went to answer it. 
He heard the grocery store’s manager on it "You're to report for work at the first afternoon standard hour for there's an opening for you." 
He smiled a smirk as he thought to himself “I get what I want, yes.” 
MacLeod exhaled a breath as the memory left his mind. 

He grimaced as anger arrived within him as another memory arrived in his mind. In it he was fighting an apparent older male with a mustache and a beard on his face his mind identified as King George with some weapon his mind told him was a sword. Others all around them were doing the same. He continued to watch in his mind as himself stabbed George in the chest who slid to the grassy ground and appeared to be dead. He raised his sword and gave up a roaring sound. He frowned as himself went to males wearing different clothing but in similar styled while swinging the sword with some smirk on his face till some male with face seen twin to Lance Richard's and familiar snuck up behind himself aiming the sword at his back. He recalled everything went black after that. 

MacLeod frowned recalling to himself that he couldn’t remember anything else after darkness overtook him. He felt himself recalling that he was very confused to what was importance of the memories in his mind. MacLeod blinked his eyes of the memories.
 
He remembered as a youngster learning everything about some form of fighting called karate due to feeling too interested in it from a karate school he saw while on a walk with his Mother Victoria. Victoria kept on telling him to avoid the karate school and its owner Megumi. He wound up ignoring her talk to go to the karate school attempting to sign up only to find it closed. The owner dubbed Megumi was no where in sight or anywhere in the city of New York when he went to find her and figured that his Mother lied on her name.

He frowned as he again recalled one of the females tried to get him enrolled in Mister Lee’s strippers' school walking distance from his home which he frowned as another memory arrived. He was walking to the grocery store after they called him in the morning near the appointed afternoon hour to see a crowd gathered near Mister Lee’s strippers' school building outside with police officers standing around. He went to join the crowd and saw Mister Lee talking to a police officer with annoyance on his face. He frowned as Mister Lee spotted him in the crowd and pointed a finger at his direction with anger on his face. He saw the police officer look at his direction with disgust on his face before shaking his head before turning his attention back to Mister Lee. He sighed and left the crowd walking to the grocery store going inside where he was given a uniform and told what to do. After an hour in the six hour timed shift of himself stocking the shelves full of canned goods from the boxes. He was interrupted by someone grabbing his shoulder. He was forced to turn around. He saw it was Mister Lee who had anger in his face and eyes. He shrugged off Mister Lee’s grip to turn resuming stocking. 
He heard Mister Lee speak from behind him saying “You kid you edged Yao to trash my school.”
He ignored Mister Lee’s comment and kept on stocking as the man continued speaking “I’ll get you for this for the divine will make sure you pay dearly.” 
He heard nothing more from Mister Lee turned around to find the man was gone. After his shift was over he walked home carrying the uniform in his hand and reached the apartment to see the front door open along with the video message blinking. He saw his latest sweetie dubbing herself Tanya's purse lying on the floor which he tossed it inside along with his uniform. He shut the door with a wave of hand on the computer console. 
He felt an urge to raise his hand which he did. He felt a pulling feeling which guided him several corridors to the basement even wrinkled his nose of the smell sensing he was nearing the garbage refuse deposal plant in the building. He found his sweetie Tanya looking unconscious amiss the garbage mess just before it was about to be burnt by yanking it off of lying on top of her. He grabbed her arms and dragged her just in time. He pulled her through the hallways feeling annoyed that no one stopped to help or seemed to care. He got her inside their apartment onto the couch putting her form on top of it. He saw the phone’s answering machine light blinking. 
He pressed some buttons and heard a sneering voice he recognized as Mister Lee’s speaking words saying “Tan as you're referred, have paid dearly for what you did to my school. You won’t find your girlfriend till it's too late for I made sure of that.” 
He glared at the phone and picked it up calling the police who arrived soon after Tanya woke up choking for air loudly. MacLeod was forced to help her breathe as the cops arrived to the apartment she giving him a glare of accusation via her eyes narrowed aimed at him. He stood in the apartment interpreting Tanya's hand language to the police due to her unable to talk to them using her voice from an injury to her throat. 
He interpreting what she said "Says Mister Lee as he's called owner of a strippers' school that was trashed according to the news, came upon me in a hallway. He acted friendly towards me and escorted me to my residence apartment. On arrival he wound up hitting me in the face knocking me to the ground and choked me unconscious." 
This included him telling them where he found her and the message left by Mister Lee on the answering machine. He didn’t say a word as he saw one of the cops writing something on a pad. He watched as Tanya is handed it who groan loudly reading it. 
He frowned as one of the cops a male spoke to him “Come outside with me please. I want a private talk with you.”
He stood outside in the hallway as the cop spoke again “Mister Lee aka Yolo Lee has fingered you as an accomplice to Yao Jones trashing his karate school. He has been very insistence of that.” 
He kept his mouth shut as the cop continued speaking “Yolo, I must explain is picking on you due to the pain of losing his business. It also includes his apartment’s contents to a fire that wound up spilling into his apartment the same night that destroyed everything he owns. This destruction has been leaving him angry with nothing much to live on which has made him angry enough to blame someone for his troubles.”
He felt annoyance arrive as the cop included “My partner is currently informing your no hearing friend Tanya as she calls herself, of this through his pad writing. I request you and Tanya have pity on Yolo for his actions. Its just actions of an angry man that is taking out his troubles on you and your girlfriend but I assure you that we’ll talk to Mister Lee about how not appropriate his behavior is. “
MacLeod at the moment felt himself feeling angry as the cops took leave of him and Tanya. He went inside the apartment mentally wishing he could slam the door which slid shut behind him. He went inside to find Tanya gone from it. He assumed that she was in the bathroom and busy cleaning herself of the garbage stink. He angrily stomped around the apartment waving fisted hands as rage ran through him till an image of a female with long black hair flashed in his mind looking worried on her facial expression. The image in his mind calmed him down which he went to his bed to lie on it and felt sleepiness and fell asleep. 

MacLeod remembered the memory with distaste sat his form up to lean against the head board staring at the door to the bedroom with a frown while hearing nothing from the Sages to his thinking or memory recalls. 
He recalled to himself working at the grocery store for two Minas with one day each week as a day off till one of the employees stopped by "You're to go to the manager’s office." 
He felt annoyance running through him as the memory "You're fired!" 
By the manager with no explanation given and told "You're to turn in your uniform and leave quietly or I'll have the police arrest you and take you out of here."
He obeyed to leave the store going home. 
He frowned as he recalled the next day ordered by Tanya arriving into the apartment she still clad in her familiar garbage clothes to his shock "You're to get groceries from the store with the money I give you to use to purchase the food! I insists that you obey this order period!" 
MacLeod bared his teeth with anger arriving as he remembered seeing Yolo wearing a grocery store employee uniform walk by him. The male appearing to not noticing him while going into an aisle which made him furious to discover the reason for his firing he assumed to himself. He had managed to keep himself calm to buy two large cloth bags full of groceries of food he didn't care what it was, with the money Tanya gave him and walked home fuming in anger. After putting away the groceries he stormed to the bathroom to sit on the tub's rim allowing anger to run through him. He heard the doorbell rang as he got calmer. MacLeod heard Tanya calling for him by ringing the doorbell in three buzzes he heard from the door which he went to see Yolo with a frown on his face standing at the doorway holding a pad in his hand. 
He stared at Yolo with annoyance in his face as the male spoke “Tan, I’m sorry for what I did to you and your girlfriend. I must explain that I was very angry and was taking out my rage onto you and your girlfriend. My source of my anger was to losing my possessions and home to a fire that destroyed everything I own in my apartment. This includes the loss of my business the same day due to someone causing irreparable damage to it.”
He narrowed his eyes forming a glare on his face while folding his arms as Yolo paused then continued speaking “I hope you’ll find the time to accept my apology for it’s alright with me if you don’t feel like accepting it. I believe you would be angry at me for what I did. I suspect it’ll take awhile to calm down from the anger.”
He frowned inwardly as Yolo again paused then added “I have explained this to Lizette by writing to her. I made it clear that her sweetie as she calls you, will not be happy with me and have some resentment towards me which I warned her will take awhile to get over.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Yolo looked at Tanya, nodding his head and walked out of the apartment with his girlfriend giving off a loud Hmph which he flinched from the noise of her voice. 
He stood as his girlfriend looked at him with anger in her eyes to sign “Yolo has people’s sympathy from his losses. He has no sympathy from me due to his bad behavior towards you and I. I’m annoyed that he’s getting away with without any punishment by people’s pity.”
Tanya paused then continued to sign “I made it clear to Yolo in writing that I will not sympathize him but has accepted his apology. He wrote that he understands what he did to you and I.”
MacLeod unfolded his arms as Tanya included signing “Go spend the evening in the lounge room of the building for I’m still angry. I want to be alone for awhile.” 
He obeyed going outside the apartment to stand in the stairwell leaving the door open ajar to sit on the stairwell eyes staring at the walls ears trained for sound. He heard a door slam he recognized belonging to the apartment's door along with clicking of her shoes in a fast move appearing to be heading towards the elevator. He got up from the stairwell and went into the apartment finding it empty of Tanya. He went to the desk next to the door. He picked up a candle, his credit card key to the apartment and his lighter which he stuffed in his jean pockets and walked out of his room gently closing the door behind him. He went going out the door locking it behind him. He inhaled air breathing the recycled stale stinky air in the dim light shining overhead in the hallway that stimulated night time. He wandered around the series of hallways exploring the building till he came into a hallway via darkness to froze seeing Yolo escorted by an old female with white hair walking in his direction which he ducked behind the doorway to peer at them. He watched as the pair appeared to not notice him stop at a door with the female unlocking it and they both got inside door sliding shut. 
He felt rage arrive within him taking control as he walked through the hallway and went to the computer console stuck in a wall asking "Show me the location of Yolo Lee's apartment in the building by the number of twelve on it." 
He was given a computer readout of the location. He saw that the apartment was one of the lucky ones that had a window overlooking the courtyard’s treed garden park which he jogged to taking several hallways and elevators. He darted into the garden slipping pass the security guard seated in a booth by waving a hand towards the male making him sleep as he went through. He peered at the windows and saw one as if drawn spot movement above him to see Yolo pulling down shades covering the window. He stood eyes watching the window as his anger ran through him. He was rewarded when his senses cued towards the male told him he was asleep. He pulled out the candle and the lighter lighting up the candle and putting away the lighter. 
He mentally spoke “Yolo, come to me.” 
He repeated the order eyes on the window to see the shade pop up. He watched as Yolo opened the window sliding it open to sit on the window still and jump off falling towards the ground down below him. He heard a snapping sound and watched as Yolo stood up limping jerkily towards him. 
He mentally spoke “Stand still, Yolo.” 
He kneeled closing his eyes as he ghost walked out of his body towards Yolo attacking the man with his ghost form as his anger raged through him. He continued to use his martial arts on Yolo till his anger stopped. He felt himself calmer ghost walked back into his body to open his eyes and he stood up. 
He ordered mentally “Yolo, follow me.” 
He walked through the garden to the entrance and again used the sleep trick onto the security guard again and met no one on the way to the female’s apartment door. 
He ordered “Yolo, stand at the door and wait.” 
He walked away going into the hallway and ducked behind it to peer till he was hidden. 
He stared at Yolo and mentally ordered “Ring the doorbell.” 
He watched as Yolo rang the doorbell. He blew out the candle to smile of satisfaction hearing the male give out a scream of terror before collapsing onto the floor. He saw the door to the apartment open showing the female who screamed before running inside. He quietly walked away unnoticed going to his home letting himself inside by his key. He frowned seeing the living room light on and spotted Tanya sitting in an armchair in his line of sight and saw that she could see him by her eyes looking in his direction. 
MacLeod groaned softly turned and went to hallway leading to the apartment his process halted by her voice speaking loudly saying “Jinx.” 
He heard the name of Jinx used that told him that he was in trouble instead of calling him Tan. She habitually called him Jinx whenever he was in trouble. Tanya on occasion would use the name of Tan to him for addressing him and introducing him to people omitting the Jinx' nickname. He turned around and walked to stand in front of her. 
He stared at her with a blank expression in his face and eyes as she signed “Empty out your pockets.” 
He obeyed showing the candle and the lighter along with his key which he heard her give off a groan sound. 
He frowned inwardly wondering to himself “Does she know what I use the candle for?”
He stared at her as she continued to sign “Jinx, I don’t like you walking out at night alone. I would be devastated if anything bad happened to you for you’re my only family. I don’t want to be left alone.” 
He sighed as she paused then added “Please promise me you won’t take any more night walks outside alone any more.” 
He stared at her as he saw pleading in her eyes. 
He placed the items away in his pockets to sign “I promise, Tanya.”
He frowned some more inwardly as she signed “Go to bed, Jinx. It’s late and I want to go to bed.”
He nodded his head and turned to the bathroom he figured that he'll take a shower. He heard Tanya order the lights in the apartment off by clapping her hands three times he hearing the noises. He stood in the bathroom putting away his items from his pockets. He grabbed his pajama pants and went into the shower stall. He stood underneath the water's flow while scrubbing with a special smooth cloth all over him to make him clean. MacLeod wound up smiling to himself as the events of Yolo being hurt flashed in his mind. He finished with the showering he called it left the bathroom clad in his pajama pants holding his clothes and shoes. He walked into the room closing the door behind him with a kick of his foot. He dropped his clothes in the laundry hamper and went to the bed lying on it while feeling Tanya cuddle next to him she appearing to be more interested in sleeping than sex. 
He again smiled to himself as he thought “Serves Yolo Lee right for what he did to me and Tanya.”
He shut his eyes falling asleep.

MacLeod frown as the memory finished playing in his mind. He stretched his arms in front of him and adjusted his position to lie on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt sleepiness and shut his eyes falling asleep. 

MacLeod dreamed of himself standing on a field wearing the familiar clothes on his form. He saw was consisted of a tunic with leggings and slipper like shoes on his feet while having a hand on his waist where he recognized as a sword hanging from the belt. 
He watched as himself as Julian Nightwalker was glaring at a male he recognized as King George both having groups of ten men surrounding them in a semi circle. 
MacLeod, he heard Julian spoke “What do you take of my peaceful terms sir?”
He heard from King George “I don’t agree with them and have rejected them. Think of something else.”
He continued to watch as Julian spoke sounding angry “You should have agreed.”
He heard from King George again who spoke “Agreed to what? A foolish plan to worship you as a deity by a foolish man.”
He watched as Julian yanked out the sword and swung it towards King George who yanked out his sword and met Julian's sword which clanging noises were heard. He continued to watch as men all around him and King George met each other pulling swords and clanging them while appearing to try to kill each other. 
He smelled something familiar hitting him frowned wondering what it was as the dream went black. 

MacLeod woke up with a jerk as smells of food assaulted his nose. He sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front on the dresser was a wooden tray with block stands holding a mug a cup of something red and bloody. He felt himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to pick up the mug and went to the armchair and helped himself to nourishment of blood he grimaced tasting. That along with gulping down the drink finding it was his familiar drink of blood. He felt himself confused to why he was always given that drink of strawberry milkshakes from his time of containment. He heard nothing in response from the Sages to answer his question due to them seemingly knowing his thoughts despite sensing them not mind scanning him. He adjusted his position to put the mug on the table next to the armchair and went in the middle of the bedroom to kneel closing his eyes. He heard the sound of the door to his bedroom opening followed by a throat clearing noise. He jerked open his eyes to find a Knightman complete with covered armor standing next to him. He having no memory of how the Knightman arrived into his room. 
The Knightman spoke in a male monotone like voice "Exercise requirements is needed in the gym room as ordered by your doctor." 
He frowned getting up walking out into the hallway following the Knightman to eye the walls of the residence he was it. He found rocky walls appearing to look stoned to him. The following the Knightman was done, he noticing other Knightmen around that did salutes of gestures when he passed them, that despite knowing where the gym room was from previously staying in the castle he figured the residence was. It was soon after Tanya passed away as willed in her legal documents for him to have the castle in Ireland it said in his name of Jinx Tan despite it labeled with his name of MacLeod on the door. He went to the gym room a small padded room having hologram images of himself still clad in his armor and helmet wear, flare up whenever he faced a wall. He did his karate movements finding the hologram showed his movements including sensing himself filmed doing them. MacLeod kept up the movements till he felt like he had an enough to kneel on the padded floor. He wound up to hear chanting noises in some soothing voice tone words not understandable. He recalled the sound while in a temple after waking up freed from his cell after being knocked asleep by the Humans who stole his necklace. It was in some temple after freed from a cot room after recovering from being sick. He recalled of going through corridors pass doorways till he reached a large doorway. He saw a large room with ten people all kneeling in rows of two each person having backs to him. All were in front of a large statue of a male figure sitting crossed legged. He recalling felt a compulsion to kneel which he obeyed. He shut his eyes finding his mind too cluttered to ghost walk. He heard a clapping sound followed by silence then heard a throat clearing noise. He had opened his eyes to find the kneeling people were gone and one of them a male was standing next to him with a frowning look in his face. 
He stood up as the male spoke “You can leave and I will show you the way out.”
He recalling the memory automatically put a hand on his neck to feel his necklace with the ring attached around it. He frowned as no memory of it getting there flashed in his mind. He continued to recall that he without a word followed the male to the temple’s entrance as the hallway lights brightened shining a new day as he shook his head of the memory. 

MacLeod recalled another meeting of a male Human dubbing himself Jinks Montreal while on planet Aire soon after meeting Tom for the first time and his joke trick of playing lighted candle onto Tom. 
MacLeod recalled he had walked out of the apartment shared with his Mother she angrily kicking him out for no reason instead told him "Get out now! I don't want to see your face till nightfall!" 
He had walking aimlessly wandering among people in the city of New York who paid him no notice. He felt a compulsion to walk into a building in Elventown as it was called a spot for Elves to gather and live in, which he obeyed walking into it. He walked down an alleyway till he saw a pink signed door on his left with a hanging sign above in foreign language symbols on it appearing to be in Elves' written language. He frowned as he reached the door and pressed the doorbell. 
He heard voice in male tones from inside speaking loudly “Come in its open.” 
MacLeod opened the door and walked inside to see a large room appearing to be a karate studio judging by the karate style weapons hanging on the walls along with multiple colored belts. He saw a young male with oldness in his Human blue eyes that stared at him with his black hair flowing around his face with some familiarity standing staring at him while wearing a black karate uniform belted by a black belt. 
He stared at the male who spoke in a familiar voice “Ah Tam-Mykola MacLeod, so we finally meet.”
He frowned hearing the words with confusion running through him as the male continued speaking “I know you and you know me as Jinks Montreal from your past association with my daughter Victoria. I'm her Father actually.” 
He stiffen of shock he realized why the male was familiar to him as Jinks added speaking “The Elves' order recommended you to me with some specific instructions I’m not to say what they are. I’ll teach you what you need to know. Please take off your shoes for I request you to fight me karate style. I like to know your defenses and offensives moves.” 
He shrugged figuring out that the Elves saw him wandering aimlessly like he was lost on something and had him manipulated to go to the karate studio with their mind walking abilities and obeyed taking off his sneakers. He went to his Grandfather he feeling honored to meet him, who held up his hands. He attacked with legs kicking and fists swinging along with throwing his body into acrobatic moves. He felt himself easily knocked to the floor. 
He heard his Grandfather speak as he lay on the mat “Please get up. Don’t let yourself easily annoyed by being defeated each time you fight me.” 
He got up and again attacked his Grandfather and once again found himself lying on the mat with annoyance running through him. He angrily swung himself up and charged towards his Grandfather a full body attack. He found himself flat on his back with his Grandfather leaning over him with arms folded a frown in his oldness' eyes. 
He stared at his Grandfather with his anger simmering who spoke “You have much to learn, MacLeod.”
He frowned at his Grandfather's words as his anger left him which the male offered him his hand. He gripped it to find himself lifted up easily to a standing position. 
He formed a frown on his face as his Grandfather continued “I should have known better not to reject you when you displayed an unwillingness to learn karate from your Mother. Perhaps things would have turned out different but can’t change the past but I have the future to change.”
He kept the frown on his face as his Grandfather added “Please kneel and close your eyes.” 
He obeyed and found his mind too cluttered to ghost walk. He wound up hearing his Grandfather instruct him on breathing techniques which calmed him down. It helped to clear his mind but the urge to ghost walk wasn’t there. He found himself relaxing from the breathing to mediate as Jinks went silent. He saw clearly in his mind himself wearing the familiar clothing of tunic leggings and slipper shoes on feet he recognized later was of Lance Richard's memory.
He saw himself spoke to a male wearing identical clothing “Henry go to King George of Lionsbane. Go deliver my message of meeting at Camden as soon as possible. I expect this done now.” 
He heard from the male Henry he assumed was the male's name who spoke “As you wish my King.” 
He watched as Henry got onto a horse and road away. 
He frowned as himself paced back and forth before kneeling. He appeared to be kneeling on grass as if mediating with a horse was nearby eating from the ground from the looks of it. MacLeod saw as a ghost form of himself came out of his body. That began doing movements that suggest he was sparring with a sword not seen in his hand. MacLeod continued to watch as himself jerked his head in a direction and darted towards his body ghost form disappearing. He watched himself cock his head jerking open his eyes and getting up in a fast move with sword out facing a direction. 
MacLeod heard in his mind “Hail I’m friend not foe!”
He heard the male voice sounded familiar frowned as himself put away the sword.
A male he recognized as Henry on a horse arrived speaking “King George has agreed to your request for a meeting at Camden. It will happen soon as possible. He'll send a messenger of when he has arrived to there.” 
He saw himself smile a smirk with a head bob then went to the horse eating the grass to get onto it and rode away which the memory stopped playing. 

MacLeod frowned but found himself in a better mood opened his eyes from the memory as he recalled his Grandfather added “Please fight me again.”
He had nodded his head and got up to stand sparring with his Grandfather who gave him annoying smirking look who kept on displaying it. He wound up forcing himself to shrugging off his defeats of being knocked to the mat repeatedly which he got up each time finding his Grandfather quit the smirk look once he was on the floor. 
He fought with his Grandfather still displaying that smirk look who quit the fight to speak “Enough sparring, I think you have learned enough and you can leave. I expect another visit sometime in the future from you.” 
MacLeod recalled during his mediation of nodding his head in agreement and went to his shoes putting them on. He walked out sighing which he walked out of Elventown going to his apartment shared with his Mother as he heard an alarm clock noise sounding in the room. He sighed loudly of the memory of going to the alarm clock in his bedroom he finding it was an early morning hour and turned it off. Then he went going to his dresser next to the bed on the right side next to a bed stand to sit picking up his homework and began doing them despite it not a school day. 

MacLeod heard the familiar Knightman's throat clearing noise sounding behind him.
He opened his eyes and got up from kneeling while eyeing the Knightman who spoke "You're required to attend to your body's hygiene by having it washed and cleaned. It's from whenever you do your required exercises which must be done after a certain time period of exercising." 
He frowned but didn't protest instead went into his bedroom after entering the hallway to go to there. He went into the bathroom to the shower this time using water and soap finding his armor refused to budge getting yanked off his form despite success with his helmet. MacLeod groaned softly and entered the shower stall to run the water down onto his form he finding his armor touched by water disappearing from sight. MacLeod frowned feeling the water onto his skin washing and cleaning himself. He once done with the water walked out of the shower stall to feel his armor again go back onto his form minus his helmet seated onto the sink counter. He picked up a comb combing his hair while shaking it dry. MacLeod found folded clothes on the sink counter along with a pair of dressy shoes in black on the floor nearby. He put on the clothes that seem smooth and richly felt clothes that seemed fancy over his armor finding the armor shifted itself out of sight appearing to be going into his body. MacLeod left the bathroom going to the wingback chair to sit letting himself think of his thoughts as he found a knightman holding a mug of his familiar drink. He took the drink without comment to find the Knightman giving off a salute in response. 

MacLeod recalled his life on Aire was after he left his Grandfather he went to his Mother's apartment to her bedroom door to hear the alarm clock go off including a male's groaning voice joined with her voice. He remembering instead of going into the bedroom to see who that male was instead went into his bedroom. He exchanged his clothes to put on his school uniform that was blue and felt itchy on his form from the harshness of the material all over him. He pocketed his key into a zippered pocket while walking out of the apartment carrying his school bag and went to the private school for schooling. MacLeod recalled that his school required him to wound up walking a Human standard mile to the public bus stop.
 
MacLeod stiffened from the memory as he recalled his first time he learned of the Lance Richard God dubbing God of the Underworld while in Terra during his free time of traveling in the city for going to the gyms to exercise. He wound up feeling a hand touching his arm in an ironclad grip. He jerked his arm out to stare at a woman with blonde hair and all blue eyes that seemed familiar to him. She stared back at him with an intense probing stare look. 
He formed annoyance on his face as the woman spoke “My name is Tara King.”
MacLeod felt himself compelled to speak which he spoke “My name is Lance Richard.”
He stared at Tara who opened her mouth to speak then closed it before walking away going towards cabs driven in the road and slipping inside one. He shook his head of confusion running through him of the name Lance. He went back to Richardson's building as if compelled only to feel a compulsion to go into a janitor's closet in a hallway yanking out the janitor's cleaning supplies and uniform to his annoyance. He went to an elevator taking it to the cafeteria floor. He sighed as he got to work mopping the floor. 
He nearly had the large floor mopped when he was interrupted by a voice speaking behind him saying “It’s nice around here isn’t it?”
MacLeod rolled his eyes of annoyance and turned to look at Tara standing behind him to speak “I have work to do and I don’t want to be bothered.” 
He stared at her face that had a serious expression in them. He saw her nod her head walking away going into an elevator. He exhaled a breath groaning loudly working till quitting time for the work day. He took the stairs going down out the back entrance walking in hallways. That looked like they were nasty to him due to the garbage strewn outside. He went to his apartment changing out of his uniform tossing it in the laundry machine in the closet along with his clothes from the hamper in the bathroom. He felt himself tensed up went to the dresser to put on sweatpants and he went to his altar to kneel mediating. He stiffened as he heard the doorbell ringing while feeling himself less tensed up. Groaning loudly he got up walking towards the door unlocking it and it slid open to see Tara standing there with a large bag hung by thick straps on her left shoulder. 
He stared at her with annoyance spoke “What do you want?” 
He grimaced inwardly of the rude tone as Tara dropped her large bag on the ground and yanked out thick wrapped package. 
She held up towards him while speaking “This is for you to have as requested by someone else I’m not to say who they are. I also want to say if you need a friend. I’ll be around to listen when you need to talk.” 
MacLeod shrugged taking the package and backed up letting the door slid closed in Tara’s face locking it behind him. He went to the dining table to place the package on it and with a growl tore off the brown wrapping to see a computer pad that had files on it looking like a scrapbook. He rubbed a hand on his head then sat in a chair and opened the scrapbook to see pictures of a couple looking familiar. He saw a male with long black hair looking like his age wearing a black suit with a bowtie and a female with long black hair wearing a white streamlined dress like it was a wedding both appearing to be kissing each other in a lip lock.
He stared at the female thinking to himself “She reminds me of my Mother Victoria Thunder via the looks of her.” 
He looked further into the scrapbook to see picture of the couple in different outfits with the male having a hand on her abdomen. He saw the women's abdomen appeared to be swollen with child. He continued to look to see baby pictures of a baby wearing a blue cap on its head while wrapped in a white blanket which he assumed it’s a boy judging by the cap color. He froze seeing a picture of a female looking younger in a walk pose eyes looking away from the camera holding a young boy child that eerie reminded him of himself. He saw included to the photo was a handwritten letter. 
He read the letter using the Lizette name he assumed was her name "Lizette, I'm begging you to return to me. It's regardless of having some argument that was meaningless and allow me in my son’s life." 
He saw the son's name was “Lance Richardson.” 
He saw signed to the letter was the name “Burke Richardson.” 
He stiffened with shock running through him as it dawned to him that Burke Richardson his boss was seeing him as his son hence his angry attitude towards him. 
"It explained why the couple in the pictures are familiar!" He realized to himself "They were Lance's parents! Richardson is assuming that he fathered me hence he having me shown this!" 
He felt rage running through him angrily slammed the computer pad onto the table and then threw it towards the wall. It hit with a bang sound sliding down towards the ground. He angrily roared an angry nonsense growling like cry while pacing in the apartment waving his hands in fists. He angrily did his karate exercises and stretched doing his limber exercises on the floor while feeling himself calming down from his rage. He went to his bed grabbing his pajama pants and went into the bathroom to change. Sighing loudly he picked up his sweatpants putting them on a rod behind the door and put on his pajama pants walking out of the bathroom towards the couch as sleepiness arrived running through him making him yawn hard. He sighed and turned going to the bed and laid his form on top of it shutting his eyes. 
He went under recalling as if compelled Lizette herself telling him repeatedly "You're Father has abandoned you."
Hence he was assumed to be Lance Richardson the son via facial appearance twin to the male's son he not sure where he was. 

MacLeod grimaced from the memory of himself fooled into thinking that Burke Richardson was this Lance Richardson's father hence he mistaken as the son when it was really a trick to get him involved into the Lance Richard deity group dubbed Lancelot. The trick was based on his facial appearance twin to the deity god Lance Richard himself hence the Lancelot group trying to rope him into their snares. He recalled with disgust running through him that the snaring caught the eye of the Elves hidden via underwater cities that came out of hiding and trapped him into some status as Julian Nightwalker's persona. He recalled with further disgust of dreaming of Lance Richard with his face and all black eyes standing on a grassy cliff with a vast moving ocean water down below far ahead of him on his right. He stood with confusion running through him till a figure appeared blinking away from him. 
He growled loudly seeing it was Julian Nightwalker wearing twin clothes as his who spoke "My son." 
He stared at Julian who stared at him with widen eyes and spoke “My son.”
MacLeod angrily allowed anger to take control riling him up. He charged at Julian who stood still watching him. He angrily pummeled Julian with his martial arts fighting moves seeing them have no effect on the male. He felt his anger leave him as intense sadness arrived within him. He halted his attack to kneel bursting into tears weeping hard. 
He saw through the tears Julian kneeled wrapping arms around him while repeatedly speaking over and over “I’m sorry, my son that your in pain to suffer this from me.” 
He felt himself better wrapped his arms around Julian as his eyes closed and blackness arrived. This was followed by recalling a scene of endless body of water looking like the ocean and saw three blonde Human females all looking alike while wearing white robed dresses standing on the water.
He heard a female voice speaking "I'm Kiddy, this is Walls, another of our projection abilities involving our mind walking abilities onto natives of Terra including protecting us from our home where we currently live.” 
He again heard the female voice speaking “We mostly contact people for advising and counseling them with problems like we are doing with you as we refer ourselves as the Sages. Our advice is you should continue looking in the scrapbook made by Burke Richardson. It will explain more of his history involving the Lance Richard belief. The police who arrested Tanya at her apartment where you stayed is aware of this father/son status done onto you for responsibility done onto you in the city. It was them who figured out who you are as a vessel of Lance Richard. It was they who tested your Burke Richardson's reaction to the fact that you were declared his missing son by them. By having him visit the police precinct for them to tell him of it. His reaction according to the cops was in several emotions with thoughts of being shamed of his angry behavior towards you with acceptance as the last thought followed by being calm. It was Tara King who recognized you fully as a vessel of Lance Richard who requested Burke to make the scrapbook of his past for you to look through to discover the heritage involving Lance Richard which you are a vessel of him actually.”
The image of three females went out as Kiddy he assumed was the Sages' voice's speaker went silent. 
MacLeod woke up with a jerk as the computer alarm clock sounded its noise saying "Nap time is over." 
MacLeod frowned finding himself must have been really tired to nap due to nights of not sleeping properly. This while contained in the box and traveling through New Jack City as a homeless bum. He always kept awake by the city's vehicle horn noises and worries of someone finding him. Just to knock him out with a drug just to get him contained back into the box again. He got up and voice ordered the alarm off instead of using his hand to do the job and sighed. He got up from the wingback chair to grimace recalling himself contained in his quarters of going to the computer pad lying on the floor still intact from his throwing. He opened it going to where he left off finding back to back were letters with no dates on them correspondence between Burke and Lizette mostly talking about himself appearing to be their son while themed mostly on growing up. He read in Burke's letters had contents of him insisting that Lizette returned to him while begging to have a part in his son’s life. He read the contents of Lizette's letters talks about Lance Richardson the son, and how he’s doing growing up with no acknowledgement towards his Father’s pleading. He read the letters some contents mentioning the son taking karate. The last letter he found from Lizette details the son at the community college his first year while adding to email her with an email address included in the letter. He paused remember counting the letters in file which he found numbered fifty two in total with twenty six each by Burke and Lizette towards each other. He had looked further in the scrapbook to find pictures of Lance Richardson competing in tests for his colored belts in karate. It was while living in the United States' annexed territory of Canada over the years till reaching black belt as a junior in high school before school break. That was before the studio abruptly closed with the owner moving away. He saw as he continued remember looking to find files that were newspaper articles with headlines having Lance Richardson's name in them. He read the articles detailing Lance Richardson on a karate combat team him winning major competitions when he was a senior. He saw a photo of himself wearing his blue coveralls. In front of himself was on the ground kneeling on one knee while having a forced smile on his face with some members of the high school team kneeling and some standing behind him all smiling. He seeing Lance Richardson having his hands holding up the Championship trophy in front of him. He found a letter written in Lance Richardson's hand complaining to his Mother about the karate tournament, after the competition and a teammate’s betrayal of taking the credit for his winning a major title in a match. Posing for the photographers with his team which his coach seeing him hurt with pity in his eyes selected him to hold the trophy for being the winner of the competition. That instead of press there blaring his teammate giving him coaching for credit on winning the major title. It was his own idea on how he won the major title and not with help by the teammate as blared by person and presses.

MacLeod exhaled a breath through his mouth as the memory left his mind. He recalled himself of continuing to look through the scrapbook. He seeing a video of Lance Richardson graduating from high school in an outdoor auditorium in the school's garden. He continued to recall as the announcer said his name he heard loud cheering applause from the crowd while getting his diploma. He discovered that the crowd had sounded the loudest towards him after seeing the other students totaling twenty five of them get their diplomas. That despite the high school was actually very small private school for children to attend for any grade level. They were in for schooling on various subjects along with only holding ceremonies for high school graduations each timed yearly cycle. He frowned of the memory as he kept looking in the scrapbook from memory of it to see at the last page file was a letter addressed to him. 
He read "It's from your Father. I give out a plea to have you in my life. I missed seeing you growing up in person. I wanted to see you in person. Not by pictures by hired photographers to take pictures of you." 

MacLeod felt himself better from the memory. 
He recalled closing the scrapbook and went to his altar to place the computer pad on a shelf below the altar’s shelf. He sighed again to go back to the wingback chair due to not keen on leaving his bedroom. He kept on recalling on waking up on a work day while still in his sexual apartment this time still used as a janitor of Richardson's building despite Tanya breaking up the relationship and refusing to see him anymore. He recalled with disgust that Tanya blamed him for her arrest via the signed argument he had with her which she threw her key at him and walked out of the apartment slamming the door. It was the last he saw of Tanya. He recalled himself forcing himself to go to the laundry machine to pull out his janitor uniform taking it out while going to the dresser next to the bed’s bed stand on its right side to yank out some undergarments. He proceed to get dressed and went into the bathroom to fix his long black hair combing it neatly. Then he went out of the bathroom to the refrigerator grabbing an apple as they were dubbed the round orange and red fruit. He grabbed his key which he walked out of the apartment munching on the fruit despite his stomach rebelled against the food. He walked to Richardson Industries. He tossed out the apple core in a trash can sitting outside the doorway and went inside. He sighed whiling away the hours doing his cleaning job in the cafeteria mostly mopping up the floor and cleaning up spilled messes on the tables and chairs. Till lunch time when his stomach growled its noises while feeling hunger running through him. He got in line to the food processing units. He took a tray filled with dishware full of food to a table and sat eating lost in thought thinking about the scrapbook and its contents. 
He heard a female voice speak “Mind if I sit here?”
He looked up to see Tara who stared at him with a hint of a smile in her eyes a look he recognized. He remembering would often get from Melania whenever she told him the baby inside her was kicking. Along with him granted permission to touch her to feel the movements. That despite repeatedly hearing the Daddy comment from the area in a male voice. The voice led him to believe he fathered the offspring but wasn't sure of whether Tara was using him for offspring creation or really wanted a relationship with him. He stared at Tara and gestured to the chair in front of him with his fork while nodding his head. He ate his food in silence eyes on Tara who sat across from him eating quietly with no comment from her. He paused from eating to stare at the table still thinking of the scrapbook’s contents. He broke his reverie when he heard Tara’s voice speaking to him. 
He spoke as he looked at her “Excuse me? I missed what you said.” 
He stared at Tara who spoke “Are you alright? You seemed distracted.”
He sighed loudly and spoke “I don’t know but I feel fine.” 
He heard weariness in his voice tone that surprised him as he eyed her. She reaching a hand towards his left hand sitting on the table to grip it in a gentle grip. He exhaled a breath feeling soothed by her hand holding his which made him feel better. He saw a hint of concern in her face. He smiled a small smile at Tara and rubbed her hand with his thumb while hearing her sigh with relief appearing on her face. 
He spoke “Tara, you mind if I escort you home after work?”
He saw a smile form on Tara’s face as she spoke “I don’t mind, Tan. I figured out your name is Tan Jinx and not Lance excuse me for saying that. I live half a mile from this place. I’ll meet you in the lobby.” 
He nodded his head as he and Tara continued to eat food in silence. Once done eating he and her parted ways her going into an elevator and himself going back to his cleaning cart to resume cleaning the cafeteria room. 

MacLeod eyed the door to his bedroom still seeing the doors shut which he grimace recalling himself in the lobby of Richardson Industries bursting with impatience. He watched people walk by him going out of the doorway. He eyed the elevators to see Tara walking out with eyes looking around. He waved a hand getting her attention. He saw Tara’s eyes lit up seeing him. He watched as she reached him which he walked with her out to the city. He noticing she was going to the bad part of the city involving construction and buildings looking old and not well built to him to his annoyance. He eyed Tara during their silent walk not paying attention to anything all around him and her. He groaned as pain hit him in the back. It was followed by a foot connecting with the back of his knees forcing him to kneel while hearing her gasp out in pain. He twisted his form as Tara fell to the ground going unconscious. He saw two men wearing coveralls one holding a bloody knife and another holding a baseball bat yank Tara’s purse from her arms. He groaned as man with a bloody knife pawed his neck yanking out his necklace tearing the chain off his neck before jogging away with his companion. He grimaced from the pain in his back put his hands on Tara’s jacket to feel a budge in a pocket. He took out an object he recognized as dubbed cell phone and dialed for emergency.
He heard the emergency operator on the phone speaking in a female voice “This is City emergency, operator speaking. What your emergency is?” 
He spoke with a groaning tone “Send for the cops and medical personal I and a female companion was attacked.”
He heard the operator speak “Stay on the line for we’ll trace your location.” 
MacLeod adjusted his position to sit putting a hand on Tara’s arm. He sensing her breathing deeply while hearing nothing from the operator. 
He heard the operator again speak “We have your location. The appropriate people have been sent to your location so stay on the line till they arrive.”
He reached with a hand to feel his back and felt a hole in his shirt with liquid like substance slowly pouring out. His hand felt sticky to the touch and brought his hand back in his eyes sight to see the stuff was dark black color. He groaned shaking his head as he heard the sounds of sirens faintly becoming louder and louder. MacLeod looked up to see a police motorcycle come into view followed by an ambulance car. He sighed as the cop he saw was a male got off the motorcycle heading towards him in a jog. 
The cop reaching him took his phone from him and spoke “Emergency personal arrived.” 
He saw the cop cut off the call with a press of a button before handing him the cell phone which he pocketed in his pants. 
MacLeod sighed from memory as the medical personal got to work examining him and Tara while seeing another ambulance car arrive. 
He was led to an ambulance where the crew ordered him "You're to take off you're shirt." 
He obeyed and allowed them to examine his back despite hearing snickering sounds from the female medics. MacLeod grimaced sitting in the ambulance feeling the paramedics spray the knife wound in his back. This including putting some gooey stuff on it from the feel. 
He was told by them "The knife has missed vital organs and was only a flesh wound. It's due to you're rib bone blocking the knife from plunging further into you're back when you were stabbed." 
Once done with the medicinal administering he was told "You're fine. You don’t need a hospital stay." 
They added "You're companion was taken to the hospital for tests due to trauma to being hit on the back of her head." 
Sighing he walked out of the ambulance to watch the ambulance drive away. He noticing the cop and the motorcycle was already gone which he grimaced to himself. He rubbed a hand on his neck where his necklace was gone. He raised a hand feeling it pull him towards a direction further down the hallway. He allowed his hand to guide him walking into the parking garage putting the security guard asleep. He’ll slip through till he reached another entrance and went through. He walked inside through stain filled hallways going up the stairs looking dirty till he reached an open doorway with the door open. He went to peer inside seeing the men sitting in arm chairs backs to him riffling through Tara’s purse contents lying on the table in front of him. He spotted his diamond ring among them. He silently walked further into the seedy stained apartment unnoticed to kneel and shut his eyes despite his senses blaring warning involving him being filmed he ignored. He ghost walked out of his form using his karate to attack the men from behind while hearing them gasp of shock. He continued to attack them till both men were lying on the floor one unconscious. The other still awake which he threw his foot into the male’s face knocking him out. He ghost walked back into his body to pick up the contents on the table putting them back into Tara’s purse. He pocketed the diamond ring then he walked out of the apartment behind him. He speed walked out of the hallway into the parking garage as his senses still blared again. He again used his sleeping powers onto the security guard and slowed his pace walking towards his home going inside to his apartment. He placed Tara’s purse on the dining table along with his key and placed the ring on the altar. He went into the bathroom to change his clothes to sweatpants leaving his upper body bare. He carried his janitor uniform to the laundry machine dumping it inside. He grimacing seeing a dark black splotch dot on the back of the shirt. He went to his altar to mediate and heard his apartment door opening behind him. He abruptly got up to face a male who he saw was one of the attackers holding a hand gun in his hand aimed at him.
MacLeod spoke figuring that the male must have faked being unconscious and followed him to his apartment “What do you want?”
He saw hesitance on the male’s face as he turned his form sideways having his right side facing the male to protect his heart organ. He watched as determination formed on the male’s face and stiffened as the gun went off. He grimacing as pain hit him in the bicep followed by hearing the sound of the gun jamming. He felt dizziness arrived making his eyes sight blurry while seeing the male charge at him gun waving. He shook his head closing his eyes to kneel and felt himself going unconscious. He surrendered to float above his body to see the male reach him to throw the gun into his face as if whacking it. He stiffened as himself woke up with a sinister sneering look on his face with all black eyes. He saw himself knocked aside the gun and flatten the male onto his back before getting up with a swing up acrobatic move of karate. He watched himself began kicking the male on the side repeatedly over and over who struggled to get up along with kicked to remain lying down. MacLeod continued to watch as two men wearing uniforms of cops arrived and restrained him putting a gun into his neck giving off charges of electricity. He saw himself slump over as if asleep followed by put on the bed. He saw his arm operated on by a paramedic who took out a bullet as if his body pushed it out for him, then spraying it with some sprayer he recognized as a healer that was to help injuries heal fast. He also saw them put some clear gooey stuff on the area that appeared to have dried on his skin. MacLeod saw the scene went black followed by dreaming of a black haired woman appearing to be familiar to him wearing a purple dress looking old by her hair having streaks of grey. She was running in a field among men fighting each other with swords ignoring her. She having a look of concern on her face. He continued to watch her as she ran in the field with a hand up waving it. It appeared to him she was using some mental power to guide her to something. He watched as her hand pointed down followed by her kneeling to pull a male figure from lying on his stomach onto his back. He saw the back area had a bloody spot over the heart organ he stiffened seeing it was Julian. He continued to stiffen as the woman stroked Julian's face along with appearing to weep tears while gently rocking both her form and Julian. He frowned as she stopped the rocking to get up and with such force started dragging Julian unmoving through the field. Still ignored among men fighting each other and continued with the dragging till three women looking alike from his dream appeared standing blocking the woman’s way. 
He continued to watch as the woman dropped him and spoke in a tearful voice “Sages do something about my son! He is dead in my arms! I never had a chance of him acknowledging me as his Mother and want that to happen!” 
He eyed the three women who spoke in one feminine voice sounding of Kiddy to him “That’ll be done as you wish, Holy Mother, but it won’t be in your time. You must be patient for this will happen once nature has taken its course.” 
He frowned hearing the name of Holy Mother, figured it belonged to the woman who burst into tears and then the darkness arrived. 

MacLeod came to opening his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side. He figured that he was put there after falling asleep in the wingback chair again. He sat up leaning against the headboard rubbing his right bicep with his left hand. It was due to recalling of waking up with a stinging pain in the area with the blankets on top of him up to his chest. Tara detected in bed with him she back from the hospital. His right hand he felt from memory was gripping her hand that felt feminine like along with his forehead touching her head. His nose smelled her scented perfumed hair. He had raised his head feeling tiredness running through him to see the female was Tara lying asleep lying on her back. She wearing a hospital gown with the blankets up to her chest. He leaned over and gently kissed her on the lips she not stirring from it. He feeling inclined to kiss her on the lips. He then laid his form back down to again touch her haired head with his forehead shutting his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

He felt sleepiness again shut his eyes to dream of the familiar woman Holy Mother, again looking very old with her hair completely white. He eyed her as she stood in a field holding a fire torch and looking sad with sunlight shining dimly. He continued to watch as he saw her bring the fire torch to a pile of sticks his mind told him was wood. He watched the fire spread showing a figure lying on top he recognized with effort as the Sonya female who raised Julian looking asleep and very old by the looks of her. He frowned as the fire consumed the pile of sticks and the woman who remained still. 
Jinx continued to dream eyeing Julian's Mother who spoke “Never again you’ll have my son in your clutches Sonya Nightwalker. I will have what I want, Lance Richard acknowledging me as his Mother. I’ll do what it takes to have that happen. I don’t care if there’s a price of my death for my son to acknowledge me. I will see that this happens.”

MacLeod again woke up feeling himself better and felt himself much better rested after passing out unconscious again he feeling confused to the name of Lance Richard used by Julian's Mother to his confusion. He rubbed his bicep to recall waking up with the stinging pain was gone from the area which he got up from the bed. He frowned recalling the name of Lance Richard with confusion running through him to realize that it was the name of Julian Nightwalker who was posing as a Bloody with his all black eyes and making himself appear to be a deity lord to believe in Lance Richard. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went towards the middle of the room to mediate and then did his limber exercises before swinging himself up to do his karate doing it slowly. It was just for him to avoid accidentally kicking at the furniture despite there room for it. He recalled during his karate of doing it in front of Tara who woke up he saw out of his eyes sight. He faced the bed during his karate she sitting up in bed her eyes staring at him watching him. He continued to do his martial arts and ended with a bow towards the wall. He recalled Tara seeing her staring at him with a frown look in her face. He stood staring at the wingback chair forcing himself to stand still. He recalled staring towards Tara as she got up from the bed walking towards him. He didn’t react as she reaching him touched his muscular front with her hands running over the area. He felt currents of pleasure from the touch of her hands rubbing him. He felt soothed by her touch as he brought his hands to her back while feeling her lean against him her cheek touching his both similar in height. He broke off the cheek to gently kiss her on the forehead. He finding his efforts to get a lip lock kiss blocked by Tara putting a hand on his mouth in response. 
He stared at Tara who spoke “Will you teach me some of your movements you were doing?”
MacLeod spoke “I will.”
He let go of Tara as she let go of him then stepped back at him eyes looking at him with hope in them. MacLeod proceeded to teach Tara some self defense moves when attacked by the front, the sides and grabbed from behind. He sensed during the practice of his teaching Tara becoming weary but not willing to admit that she needed to sleep. 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “I need to sleep so the lesson ends ok?”
He saw Tara nod her head and he followed her to the bed both getting into it. He spoon fashioned her arms around her while feeling her happy from his grip around her. 

MacLeod felt himself weary from the karate went back to the bed and laid down shutting his eyes falling asleep to again dream of Julian's Mother he assumed was her. 
She looking young but around his Human age speaking “You will acknowledge me, as your Goddess, I created you and I can end you.”
MacLeod dreaming didn’t respond as darkness arrive putting him out unconscious. 

MacLeod blinked his eyes open hearing the alarm going off again indicating it was morning. He got up and went into the bathroom to give himself a cleaning. He wound up exchanging his clothes to fresh ones on the sink counter but found the shoes remained the same which he didn't complain of that as he felt his armor shift to hide underneath his skin. He left the bathroom going out of the bedroom feeling himself hungry. He saw the familiar Knightman there in the hallway that led the way to the dining room without a comment. He went to the dining table to sit at the head waiting patiently for his nourishment as the butler he assumed was the Knightman's position went into the kitchen swinging door banging. He sat recalling himself waked by the alarm clock while in his apartment in New Jack City and hearing Tara groan loudly in a pained tone. He reached over her and shut the alarm off figuring that speaking would wake her up some more. He gently kissed Tara on the cheek and placed a hand on her forehead while mentally ordering her sleep. He watched as Tara’s fidgeting stop as she submitted to his mental command. Sighing from the memory he got up and went into the laundry machine grabbing his uniform and went into the bathroom to change clothes He got dressed in the uniform and walked out of the bathroom to look at Tara asleep in his bed. He went to Tara and gently kissed her on the lips while seeing her form remain still with breathing deep. She not acknowledging the kissing. He walked out taking his key locking the door behind him and went to work. MacLeod frowned letting his thoughts wander of himself mopping in the cafeteria. 
He was interrupted by Teague speaking “Richardson wants you in his office.”
He set aside his mop to follow Teague to the elevator taking it up to Burke’s office. He went inside to see Burke standing in front of his desk with a frown on his face. 
He stared questioningly at Burke who spoke “I had some instinct like feelings bothering me for days. I checked out your background and discovered some interesting things about a female named Melania. The information focused on Melania who I was guided by my instincts to discover more of her. That after hearing from a friend of mine telling me that she died and her son was stillborn.”
MacLeod frowned at the words as Burke continued speaking “I went to the hospital inquiring about Melania. I was shown in the morgue a Mahalian female with a mark on her arm that appeared gang related. I know isn’t Melania herself from description of her seen hanging around you.”
He felt anger arriving as he felt himself restrained from behind by Teague. That while hearing a male voice speaking in some odd voice tone via his mind making him speak as he got a memory playing in his mind. 
He heard himself relaying the contents of the memory "I saw a heavy expectant Melania standing in one end of the hallway. It was appearing to be a hospital looking happy towards a man that had short black slicked hair with a streak of grey in it. The man I saw was wearing a doctor’s coat. He had a hand on Melania’s swollen abdomen feeling the baby from within her through the dress she was wearing. I saw the man release his hand to gently rub a hand on Melania’s cheek before walking away. Melania turning to walk in my direction eyes focused on his eyes sight view with happiness disappearing from them showing pity." 

MacLeod felt himself calming down as the memory stopped running through him. His nose smelled food eyed the kitchen door. He spotted the butler coming out carrying a familiar mug with smell of blood that made his stomach rumble. He patiently waited as the butler put the mug onto the table. He forced himself to sip the mug's contents he still disgusted on being fed blood. MacLeod wound up taking his time as he recalled himself freed from Teague’s grip on his arms. He saw the familiar male doctor standing nearby with a bag in his hands. He stared at the doctor who pulled out a computer pad and held it up. He saw the male from his mind in the computer pad’s screen standing in front of a tree while wearing a business suit with a tie. 
He heard the doctor speak “The man in the picture is known as Deidrick Knight in a government ruler ship position dubbed Senator in Elizabethan State. It's for handling government affairs of the state as some governor elect in position when he's not really the governor. He originated from the United States' mainland who’s in the public eye in Brazil excuse me for saying that name for his work against Bloodies, mostly converted Humans feeding onto restless natives of Brazil.” 
He frowned as Burke spoke “Mister Knight has recently introduced to the public in a press conference blaring throughout the TV a woman matching Melania’s appearance. She said to be as his wife dubbed by the name of Aurora using the last name of Knight. It included her baby boy she showed to the public as his son Lance Knight.”
MacLeod stiffened as shock overtook him. 
He heard Burke again speaking “Go take the day off, Lance, my son. Go home.” 
He numbly nodded his head and walked out of the office going out walking home in a daze. He let himself inside his apartment to stare at the bed. He saw Tara was not in it while hearing a gun clicking sound from his left. He looked to see a masked man wearing black clothes that seemed fancy like the male in his memory along with a doctor's coat that was having a handgun pointed at him. He watched as the gunman held up a device in his free hand. 
He heard a click sound followed by a male voice speaking electronically “Hello Tam-Mykola MacLeod, this is Deidrick Knight speaking. I know by now that you are aware of the deception played on you by me and my wife Aurora Knight. Just to have you take care of her while she was carrying my son due to a stalker targeting me with blackmail just to keep her safe. I suggest you drop the matter of pursuing us for the deception. I managed to figure out how to get rid of the stalker who is permanently deposed at the moment. I’m a powerful man with influence. I have used it to free your girl Tara I believe is the name from thugs who grabbed her placing her in a travel transport. She was out taking a walk alone which I used my people to get her freed.”
He heard a click sound and heard the male voice of the gunman speaking “Answer your phone at the second ring.” 
He stared at the gunman who edged himself out of his apartment door sliding shut behind him. 
He heard his phone ringing went to answer it speaking “Hello?”
He heard a male voice speak “New Jack City's Lance Nightwalker's temple, Tara’s there, don’t wear your work uniform.” 
He heard a dial tone hung up the phone and changed out of his uniform to a coverall in blue dubbed jeans' wear. He grabbed his key and walked out of the apartment. He reached New Jack City's Lance Nightwalker's temple to see the natives that lived there looking at him with different emotions ranging on their faces as he passed them. MacLeod grimaced from the memory while sipping his bloody drink that the looks in the natives' eyes were reverence seeing him including them appearing to be shocked seeing him. 
He arrived at the temple as if guided to there by the Sages manipulating him to see a male standing at the entrance. He walked up to the male wearing Knightman armor with a helmeted head, without a word walked away while gesturing him to follow with an armored hand. He followed the male further inside the temple and paused when the male paused at a door in a wall. He watched as the male waved a hand and saw with a frown the door slide open by itself figuring it was computer set to do that. He heard crying sounds from inside. He went through the doorway to find Tara sitting on the bed crying tears. He sat on the bed next to her and wrapped his arms around her who clung to him sobbing harder. He laid them both down on the bed and continued to hold Tara while sensing her cries become quieter and quieter and felt her fallen asleep which he shut his eyes. He heard a throat clearing noise opened his eyes to find Tara gone from him despite just recently shutting his eyes. He found an armored Knightman male at the door who gestured with a hand to follow him. He got up from the bed and followed the male wordlessly through corridors till they reached a large doorway. He saw was a garden like courtyard where Tara was standing inside appearing to have a whispered conversation with another male an Elf he shocked to see after not seeing them around Terra, who was whispering back to her. He frown standing at the doorway watching Tara nod her head before walking towards him to grip his arm. Him without a word escorted by a male Knightman leading them left the temple to take a route to his apartment. Once inside he set Tara down in a chair at the dining table who sat with eyes staring at the floor. He went to the refrigerator to pull out food and made two sandwiches which he placed on plates putting them on the table in front of Tara who took one and chewed silently. He went back to the refrigerator to pull out a carton of fruit juice. He poured two cups full and placed away the carton to take the cups to the table and sat. He kept his eyes on Tara as he ate the sandwich while watching her not meet his eyes. He and Tara ate and drank in silence and once done she stood up walking towards the bathroom going inside. He put away the dishes in the dishwasher. MacLeod stood with arms folded eyes staring at the bathroom door as Tara came out with her hair looking cleaner and not so messy to him. He saw that she was wearing the hospital gown on her form. He grabbed his pajama pants from the bed and went inside the bathroom to change. He once done came out to find Tara lying in his bed appearing to be asleep. MacLeod sat on the couch’s chaise staring at Tara. He recalled to himself an earlier the meeting with Burke with the doctor there. He forgot about before his second meeting learning about Aurora. He recalled to himself that the doctor spoke talking about Tara. 
He saying "Tara King from what I've observed is really interested in your son, Mister Richardson."
He heard the doctor speak with an edge in his voice that told him that there was something unsaid. 
He heard the male add "Tara was blamed for starting a computer virus that caused a massive blackout in Britain nation of their electronic technology. The blaming of responsibility was done by an uncle and a former boyfriend while living in Britain. The court of law wound up pointing both males out to be responsible for the computer virus's creation and causing the massive blackout. Tara was in the United States hiding from her family who believed that it was her fault that she was the one who created the computer virus. They were the ones who testified heavily in a court trial pointing the finger of blame at her. That despite there was overwhelming evidence of others accused of creating the virus was found and pointed out. Tara wound up in Brazil, due to repeatedly targeted by terrorists' groups while living in Britain who thought she created the computer virus. The terrorists' groups were trying to get her into their group to create acts of terror elsewhere than in Brittany nation." 
He continued to recall "Her name of Tara King isn't her actual name but something else." 
MacLeod frowned recalling the doctor pausing then continued "The boyfriend in question is in prison for serving a life sentence for killing the uncle on purpose. The boyfriend was acquitted of creating the computer virus in the first place. That despite evidence said her uncle created it. That acquittal of the boyfriend was due to Tara's family heavily lying to the court and testifying that she did the computer virus creation. They were found to be lying in court which the law decided then and there was no charges or arrest brought up against Tara period. This trial was heavily publicized in Britain and elsewhere. It included people aware of the case publicity known too much in Britain still pointing the finger of blame at her." 
MacLeod frowned some more as he recalled Burke "I want you to leave. I’ll call you back when necessary. I wanted to talk to the doctor in private." 
He heard from Burke speaking that while speaking with an edge in his voice that sounded like there was something unsaid. 

MacLeod blinked his eyes of the memory as he finished his drink and got up from the dining table to go to the gym room. He figuring out that the butler would pester him to do his exercises. He proceeded to do karate exercises finding his strength still up to his standards. He figured it was from sleeping too much. That he was recovering from his nights of not falling asleep and staying awake too much. He went to kneel in the middle of the padded room despite there a hologram image of him kneeling. He shut his eyes recalling himself in his apartment with Tara sleeping in his bed. He recalled getting up from couch to the bed and opened a bed stand drawer to pull out a computer pad which he lied down to twist facing Tara. He leaned over Tara and kissed her on the lips quite heavily. He waiting as she woke up to look at him with nervousness which he broke off the kissing. 
He dangled the computer pad and spoke “You want to show me how to use this thing?"
Tara in response to his curiosity burst into tears and blurted “I can’t, I was blamed for creating a computer virus quite heavily by people. That despite others found responsible for the computer virus's creation. My family I refused to say who they are have testified in court to pointed the finger of blame at me heavily. I’m afraid to log onto computers with my identity for a fear of someone founding out about me and my hiding. That's due to that the blaming by my family was well known back home in one nation. I didn't take any chances of hiding elsewhere in Terra. It's due to fears of the news of my status of being a servant of a terrorists' group with would spread to other nations. I'm here hiding from my family and whoever because of this.” 
He sighed and again kissed her on the cheek and then rolled over putting the computer pad on the bed stand to turn off the lamp. He rolled over again to put a hand on Tara’s shoulder and shut his eyes falling asleep. 

MacLeod came to hearing the familiar throat clearing noise. 
He sighed and got up as ordered "I insists on you to go to your bedroom to take a nap." 
He obeyed to sleep in the wingback chair recalling of dreaming of the familiar grass cliff with the ocean down below. 
He heard laughter from behind him that made him grimace. He turned around to see an Elf with brown short hair with Tara’s facial features on his face while wearing a business suit with laughter in his eyes despite having a sneering look on his face. 
He stared at the Elf who spoke in a sneering voice tone “Mara sure knows how to pick people who are easily controlled to do my bidding.” 
He frowned at the words and the Mara name despite knowing her as Tara as the Elf changed into an energy ball of light that flew towards him only to stop its flight. He saw lightening appear from the sky hitting it repeatedly. 
He watched as the ball shifted back into the Elf who again spoke “You’ll suffer.”

MacLeod grimaced in his sleep from waking up in bed and found himself with his hands handcuffed together to the bed’s head board railing. He had opened his eyes to see illuminated by a low light was Mara he assumed was her name and not Tara sounding insane by her laughing sounds. He kept himself from gasping out loud as Mara looked at him with a sneering smile and all white eyes as she held his computer pad and was typing into it all over the place making him nervous unexpectedly. 
He exhaled a breath as Mara gave out a loud laughing sound in a male voice tone then saw her look at him in the eyes before exclaiming loudly “What?!”
MacLeod broke free of the handcuffs grabbing Mara twisting their forms around to get her onto the bed back onto it. He grabbed her fisting hands by the wrists locking them together with one hand. He then slammed a free hand on her forehead mentally ordering her to sleep which he saw his order obeyed. MacLeod shut his eyes as an image came to his mind. The image showed Mara in a little girl form on the grassy cliff wearing a frilly pink dress like a little girl struggling against the Elf in the business suit who had hand on her neck in a choke hold. 
He mentally spoke “Use the karate like I taught you, Mara.”
MacLeod saw Mara’s eyes showing pain shifted to look in his eyes sight point of view. He saw her eyes showed determination in them as she raised a fist and swung her hand backwards into the Elf's front that showed pain on his face. 
MacLeod watched as Mara continued to use her fists and arms against the Elf as she broke herself free from his hand's grip. He saw her pushing the Elf with hands on his front off the cliff. Jinx heard the Elf scream a cry of terror as he fell off going out of sight. This was followed by lightening that flashed off the cliff and heard a loud explosion sound. The scene he saw went black as he found himself back on the bed still Mara he sensed was at peace. He opened his eyes to see Mara’s eyes were closed while lying in bed with a peaceful look on her face. He took the computer pad finding it had a computer virus in it that made it useless. He put the computer pad away into a dresser drawer figuring that he'll recycle that thing later. He then pulled the blanket on top of Mara. He rolled over towards Mara putting a hand on her shoulder and shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious.

MacLeod dreamed of himself wearing entirely black clothing that seemed familiar to him. He saw himself wearing some kind of long tunic and leggings with slipper like shoes on his feet standing in front of a cave with greenery all around. He saw the view shift to show a vast grass field with a moving dot in the horizon he eyed that became closer and closer. MacLeod saw it was a male riding on a horse which he eyed the man’s face who became closer he recognized as Deidrick Knight looking younger as a man in twenties. He was instead of in forties wearing some jeans and a top with a fringed jacket and a hat on his form. MacLeod continued to watch as Deidrick appeared to notice him with a frown on his face. He saw himself wave a hand gesturing for him to follow. He continued to see himself repeatedly do the hand waving as the male kept getting closer and closer on horse back. MacLeod watched as Deidrick got off the horse and followed himself backing into the cave while gesturing him to follow. He saw himself as he entered the cave disappear in a puff of smoke. He eyed Deidrick who continued into the cave as if drawn. He shifted his eyesight to see a slab holding a male figure lying on it wearing identical clothing in a different color but details not clearly seen with a crown on his head. MacLeod stiffened seeing it was himself lying there. Deidrick he saw darted towards himself to kneel next to the slab. He watched as Deidrick reached out a hand towards his neck appearing to feel for a pulse then jerked his hand back with shock on the male’s face. MacLeod frowned as Deidrick shook his head and got up darting out of sight. He saw a familiar female form standing in the cave he recognized as a young woman appearing to look ghostly like that smiled and then faded from view as darkness arrived.

The sound of the alarm woke him up indicating that nap time was over as he opened his eyes. MacLeod recalled that the alarm woke him and Mara up. He reached over her shutting off the noise while hearing her groan loudly. He saw her open her eyes with hope in them when she saw him. He got up from the bed and went to the kitchen unit. MacLeod pulled out two waffles from a box and stuffed them in the toaster as he went to get out two cups and an orange juice carton from the refrigerator which he poured into the cups. He eyed Mara getting up from the bed and watched her go to a chair at the kitchen’s table to sit. She having her eyes staring at the floor with her hands on her lap. MacLeod sighed as he heard the waffles pop up and placed them on a plate. He took to the table and went to get the cups full of orange juice. He carried hand and hand to the table and he sat down placing them down. He and Mara ate the waffles in silence him staring at her as she kept her eyes staring at the table. Once done with the food and drink he took the empty cups and plate to the dishwashing machine. He noticed Mara get up walking to the couch where he saw a red duffle bag sitting on the chaise. He sighed as he saw Mara take the duffle bag going into his bathroom. He went to his dresser and pulled out clothes he put on his form after removing the pajama pants after he tossed onto the bed. He rubbed hands through his hair fingers combing it as Mara came out of the bathroom dressed in a dress. She carrying the duffle bag on her shoulder towards the table which she placed the bag on top of it. MacLeod heard the doorbell ring sounding loudly which he went to answer the door. He saw a taller man with short blond hair wearing a suit that pointed a hand gun at his chest firing it. He felt stinging pain hitting him followed by sleepiness. 
He hearing the male speak in a happy voice “Mara I love you.”
As MacLeod fell towards the floor he saw Mara run in his line of sight grabbing the man who hugged her. 
He watched as she kissed the male on the lips and broke it off to speak in a happy voice “Bart I love you too.” 
He felt himself slipping away towards unconscious as he hit the floor and surrendered to the darkness claiming him. 

MacLeod grimaced fully on his face of waking up lying on the bed in his clothes with rage running through him along with a feeling of being electrically zapped. 
He had snarled to himself thinking “Mara. She used me for her problem hence her interest in me without bothering to tell me that she was already paired to a male.” 
He added as he got up from the bed stomping to the closet to grab his shoes “When will I learn? Females will always use you for their own gain and will throw you away once done with you like what happened with Aurora now Mara.”
He jammed on his shoes and grabbed his key off the kitchen counter to walk out of his apartment locking the door behind him and pocketing the key. He jogged down the hallways and stairwells and lowered his jog to a speed walk as fury ran through him. His feet led him to the garden where he slumped down on a bench and folded his arms his eyes staring at the ground. 

MacLeod recalled to himself while seated at the bench. A memory of himself, appearing to be a teenager wearing familiar clothing holding a brown sword fighting against a familiar bearded male holding an identical brown sword. The familiar bearded male appeared to be older while wearing identical clothing. MacLeod continued to spar fight the male till he knocked aside the male’s brown sword. 
He spoke as he poked the sword into the male’s stomach “Got you hah.”
He heard from the male “Don’t let confidence overtake you despite you defeating me, Julian. There are others capable of defeating you.” 
He recalling the memory as Julian heard himself spoke “Who cares? I want to fight. I hate it when Mother says I’m not old enough to do it.” 
He watched in his mind as he heard a female voice speaking sounding behind himself “Mothers are always right and they know when children are ready.”
MacLeod saw himself frown who turned around to face a familiar Sonya female who looked older who continued speaking “You’re not ready Julian.”
Julian he eyed spoke in a whining tone “But I want to fight, Mother.”
He eyed the female who was his Mother raiser he assumed who walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder and she spoke “Don’t worry Julian you’ll get the chance to fight but not now. Wait till your older and more ready to fight even ready to be undefeated in fights.”
He eyed himself who formed a big frown on his face followed by his Mother adding “Julian resume your practice. It’s best to keep it up for you’ll be able to fight undefeated once old enough.” 
He saw himself nod his head followed by his Mother letting go of his shoulder to walk away. He turned around and resumed sword fighting with the male who halted the sparring.
By speaking sounding out of breath “Halt now. I need to rest.” 
Julian he saw formed a glare on his face as the male went to sit down on the grassed ground near the female who spoke “What do you think Ianno?”
MacLeod as Julian stared at Ianno he assumed was the male's name who spoke “Oh he’ll make a terrific fighter. The potential is there but he needs to be disciplined in the art of sword fighting my Queen.” 
He heard the name My Queen assumed it belonged to the female who was his Mother raiser spoke “Just as I planned.” 
MacLeod saw himself still holding the brown sword shrug and began doing some movements with the weapon. He appearing to be doing fighting movements along with doing some pretending like he was fighting with another.

MacLeod snapped his mind of the memory while recalling an incident at the park in planet Aire before he landed into the care of the Elves. It involved four teenagers picking onto him due to him sitting on a bench making him grimace. He recalled saw four pairs of bare feet walk in his line of sight eyes staring at the ground. 
He heard a male teenage voice speaking “You’re in our seat, get off.” 
He looked up at the feet’s owners to see four teenage males wearing brown clothing that looked ragged and holey patches with smirks on their faces their hands fisted as his anger took control. He got up from the seat roaring a nonsense growling cry attacking the teenagers with his martial art fighting moves. MacLeod managed to knock all four of them to the ground all groaning in pain loudly. He felt his rage still running through him. He kneeled grabbing the hair of a teenage male and proceeded to throw his fist repeatedly in the teenager’s face while growling nonsense sounds. He was interrupted by two hands covering his eyes from behind. This was followed by several pairs of hands grabbing his arms to yank them behind his back. He struggled against their ironclad grip finding himself trapped by them. He snarled a growl and heard foreign language in female voice with disapproval in the tone speaking loudly. He heard the groaning sounds become fainter and fainter. 
He struggled against the grips when he heard a familiar voice sounding like his Grandfather's speaking “When one friend leaves another takes their place, remember that Tam-Mykola.”
He felt his anger abruptly leave him as a great feeling of sadness hit him. He shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly. He felt a dam inside him burst cutting away his deadness feeling that had taken control for awhile. He cried as the hands covering his eyes were removed along with the arm grips. He brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt a hand feeling gentle grab his arm forcing him up to a standing position. He didn’t resisted as he was blindly guided into a walk himself not paying attention to his surroundings. He kept on wailing till his seat hit something soft. He was forced to lie down which he felt was a bed underneath him. He curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep to dream of his Mother Victoria Thunder herself wearing a purple dress instead of her familiar pantsuit. He saw her open her arms wide which he went into her arms and felt her hugging him in response. He sighed from the hug to feel himself better and released his hold on her as she did the same. She put a hand on his shoulder as he found himself passing out unconscious.

MacLeod wound up to dream of the female who saw Julian as her son who spoke “I never abandoned you after having you. You were taken away from me and raised without my influence or my say so. I just wish you would acknowledge me as the way I wanted in the first place. I was denied that opportunity of having that acknowledgement. I will have even seeing it come to fruition.” 
He frowned as his eyes in the dream were forced shut while hearing familiar female voice speaking “Not time yet Goddess.” 

MacLeod again woke up by the sound of the blaring alarm clock indicated nap time over. He sighed figuring out that he was still not recovering from his sleepiness nights. He groaned as he rubbed his eyes that felt the memory of being raw from his tears. He had cried one night while hearing a phone ringing from being in the apartment. He got up from the bed to the phone which he picked up not saying a word but breathing deeply or paying attention to the video monitor. 
He heard a voice on it speaking “Lance, this is your Father, take the rest of the day off. The office can manage without you there for today.”
He heard a dial tone and hung up the phone and went to his altar to kneel staring at Aurora's he assumed he'll call her, favorite sweater. He got up walking towards the closet to look in and spot a box on the shelf above him. He pulled the box down and saw it was a stamped box with an address with her name above it with return address to the apartment in handwriting that made him think it was hers. He walked to his altar and grabbed the sweater stuffing it in the box and pulled at the taping which he taped the box closed. MacLeod felt for his key and found it still in his pocket. He walked out of the apartment going to a lobby where there was a wall of numbered mailboxes in it. He placed the box down in front of the wall leaning against it. He peered in the mailbox window with his apartment’s number on it to see a video recorder messenger dubbed VRM inside it. He pulled out his key to unlock the mailbox’s door and pulled out the VRM. He closed the door locking it. He stared at the VRM with a frown.
MacLeod walked to his apartment and went inside to sit on the couch. He turned on the VRM switch turning out to be a hologram video recording from Mara speaking while sitting in a chair. 
He listened which the contents said "I'm apologizing for using you. I without bothering to tell you of my problems with my computer problems was in the first place for you to help me. My uncle used my identity in various locations in Britain for causing computer viruses. This caused massive blackouts which didn’t matter where in Britain. A former boyfriend I counted on for help getting away from the uncle wound up copying him with that behavior. I noticed that both seemed to have displayed some bad ghostly like spirit inhibiting them. The spirit had turned my family against me making them think it was my fault that I was the one responsible for computer virus causing massive blackouts." 
He frowned as he continued to listen "I detected some sort of power from you when I first met you. My instincts told me you were more powerful than the ghostly spirit’s power itself. I had wound up as a result acting friendly in a mate friend like behavior towards you. It was just to find out more about this power I felt. I had asked people at the office for information on you. Richardson confronted me in his office about that while sensing some protective power from him towards you. He had a doctor trained in hypnosis present. I admitted to them my problem with the spirit and my family problems. This included what I sensed from you. The doctor somehow backed up some of my words by mentioning that it was common for restless spirits of the dead not departed to the afterlife to torture the living. This had been happening to people living in Terra the doctor using odd terms of Lower Ones but refusing to explain. It was documented soon after the natives reportedly arrived via travel gates from their original home world due to a disaster. That the travel gates shut down soon after the Ancient Ones the doctor referred them arrived to this planetary world locking them in it. The doctor hypnosis me pretty deep for information on the ghost torturing me. He figured out who the spirit’s identity was. It happened to be my abusive Father who instead had my identity be stolen multiple times during creating multiple computer viruses. Unfortunately he died when I was young of a knife wound to the chest over the heart by me stabbing him in asleep." 
He continued to listen "My family has always blamed me for my Father's death. They without caring that he was using my identity to earn money from terrorists' groups hoping to have a computer virus created to cause terror destruction. My Father’s spirit according to the scans had been entering people I had relationships with and using them to torture me in humiliation. I had been fighting my Father’s spirit mentally since I became a legal adult. I had no way of defeating him till you taught me how to do self defense moves in karate. I used the moves against my Father and defeated him to send his spirit to the afterlife. I have ended his torturing me with your help. I thank you for that."
The VRM ended with Mara again apologizing and her handwritten signature. MacLeod turned off the VRM to get up walking to his altar and spied his diamond ring sitting on a candle. He put the VRM on the altar and went to the closet to look in it further. He found a small blue box with a clasp on it on the shelf where he found the stamped box. He took down and peered inside it. He saw a series of gold chains in the box which he pulled one out. He placed the box back on the shelf. He left the closet going to the altar to pick up the diamond ring. He threaded the chain through the ring clasping it around his neck. 
He sighed as he heard the doorbell ring and went to answer it seeing a blond female with tears streaking on her face who spoke "Jinx." 
He stiffened with annoyance recognizing Sharon who threatened to go publicity with accusations of rape when he rejected her attempts to have a sexual relationship with her despite he knew that she was married to someone else publicity. That despite he denying her attempts to have a relationship repeatedly including her accusations of rape towards the cops when he was arrested on that accusation. He recalled that the rape was an excuse to hurt him and make his life miserable despite the Husband, Bing as he's known proved that he was the one who raped Sharon by her getting pregnant with his baby unexpectedly. He continued to recall that the charges of rape wound up dropped but it wrecked his reputation among the city marking him as a sexual predator hence females avoiding having a relationship with him. This happened while Sharon carried the baby till she birth a girl is when he was proven innocent of the rape by the baby having all blue eyes of the father instead of inherited his looks of Human black eyes. He formed a glare on his face recalling a former male overweight with an all blue eyed look named Bing. It was looks of white skin and white hair with all blue eyes was finally pointed out as the Father due to being the only male who Sharon was having a relationship with presently as her husband. He continued to recall fully that the baby had looks of Bing's eyes and facial looks. That despite not looking like him is when the whole story came out about Bing fathering her baby during a one night stand in the park in some rape move she accused him of rape instead of pointing the finger towards Bing himself. He glared at Sharon standing in the doorway. He recalled that there was no action taken against Bing for his deception of not admitting that he fathered Sharon's baby instead kept pointing the finger aimed at him for the fathering. 
He saw her standing there as she spoke still tearful “Can I come in, Jinx? I have a problem.”
He backed up leaving the door open as she walked into his apartment. He stood with arms folded staring at her while feeling annoyance running through him. He recalled that there was no action done to fix the punishments he received for accused of fathering Sharon's baby via rape while she carried the offspring. He backed up when Sharon reached her hands towards him as in an attempt to touch him while seeing pleading in her eyes. 
He spoke with annoyance in his voice “I’m not a substitute to your problems so speak it now. What’s going on?”
He saw annoyance appear in Sharon’s eyes who again shift to pleading. 
He narrowed his eyes to glare at her and spoke again “Your problem, what is it and talk.” 
He glared at Sharon who spoke in a pleading tone “Jinx, please.”
He spoke in a rude tone “In the strippers' school I went to try to attempt to gain entrance in, I had no intentions to date you hence my ridiculous excuses as you call them. I did that for I didn’t like your nasty attitude towards some students appearing to be on the poor side due to repeatedly wearing the ragged clothes over and over which annoyed me. I’m still angry at you for fingering me as the Father of your baby via some rape method. That along with some friends I thought were my friends believing you over me whenever I gave my denials. This fingering was led by Bing who actually fathered your child.”
He saw a shocked expression on her face and eyes as he continued with a snarling tone “Your problem or leave, for your wasting my time.” 
He noticed a male with a glare standing in the doorway which he recognized as a former friend named Bing. 
He added “Bing stop lurking in the doorway and come in.” 
He saw Bing’s glare go away with a pleading on his face. He saw Sharon with annoyance in her face give Bing a glare. 
He walked over to Bing to stand next to the male watching as the man raised a hand and spoke with pleading “Sharon.”
MacLeod spoke "Sharon, go to Bing and solve your problem you have with him together. That’s something you should be doing and not have me be a substitute to your problems as a solution.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Sharon looked at him with a frown before walking towards Bing who hugged her. He placed a hand on Bing’s shoulder that looked at him with a sad look in his eyes.
He spoke “Go to school. Learn a trade or something. Don't waste your time with doing sexual acts publicity. Get a job."
MacLeod saw understanding in Bing’s eyes who nodded his head. He watched as Bing having an arm around Sharon left the apartment going into the hallway which slid closed behind them and he locked it. MacLeod rolled his eyes forming disgust on his face and then rubbed a hand on his forehead groaning loudly and heard the doorbell ringing again. He raised his hand aimed at the door shutting his eyes as a mental over head picture of a woman holding a baby carrier flashed in his mind. He sighed as he opened his eyes waving his hand at the door unlocking it and it open to stare with shock seeing the woman was Aurora herself who had pity in her eyes.
He formed annoyance on his face as he stared at Aurora who blurted out “I’m sorry."
He felt himself softening and sighed loudly as she continued “Can I come in?”
MacLeod backed up allowing Aurora to walk in which he closed the door behind her. He watched she set the baby carrier on the kitchen table as he folded his arms to glare at her as anger arrived. 
Aurora he saw looked at him with the same pity look and she spoke “I brought the baby for you to view. You helped keep me safe while I was carrying him.” 
He growled a soft sound and went to the baby carrier to peer in it and stiffened seeing a doll toy. That while feeling a prick of pain in the back of his neck followed by sleepiness. 
He spun around stumbling angrily towards Aurora holding a gun device in her right hand that backed up from his advances while repeatedly saying “I’m sorry.”
He felt sleepiness persisted as he fell to kneeling position shaking his head. He raised a fist towards Aurora roaring out an angry growling sound before he laid his form on the floor surrendering to sleep closing his eyes. 

MacLeod recalling came to feeling his body went through medical tests from the feeling of familiar needle stinging all over him. That feeling hitting him while lying on his bed in the apartment making him disgusted. 
That Aurora had knocked him out for medics to test him all over without his permission.

MacLeod felt himself still tired got up and went to the bed to lay his form down while shutting his eyes. 
He dreamed of an overhead view of a male with his face lying in a glass coffin like box. He saw had a sword held in his bare right hand with blade lying on his chest. He saw his clothes were different. He saw were slipper like blue shoes, blue tights on his legs and a long sleeve white tunic with an image of a bird in gold on it. He saw on his head was a golden crown with red rubies on it. He wound up recognizing the male as his patron god Lance Richard himself. MacLeod saw a male looking familiar come into his view to stand peering at Lance lying in the box with arms folded then the man looked up. He saw was Deidrick himself. Deidrick he watched lowered his head to again look at Lance. Burke appeared into view looking annoyed. 
MacLeod frowned as Burke spoke sounding whiny “Why do I have to take responsibility for this? It’s ridiculous.” 
He continued to watch as Deidrick looked at Burke who appeared to gulp figuring out that the man was glaring at him. 
He heard from Deidrick sounding serious “Because I said so. No one is taking responsibility for him. It is bringing up questions by various sources some involving the law. I don’t want this to come out and kick me out of my government position hence you taking responsibility period. I insist you stop whining about it and take it fine period.” 
MacLeod heard from Burke “Argh this better be worth it. People are questioning why he doesn’t resemble me or Lizette despite the responsibility taken and flaunted in people’s faces.”
He eyed Deidrick who spoke “Don’t worry about that. Just let me handle the matter but keep taking responsibility period.” 
MacLeod shifted eyes towards Burke who nodded his head and walked out of sight.
He eyed Deidrick who spoke out loud “Hmph the truth better not come out.”
MacLeod then saw him walked out of his view as the scene went black. 

MacLeod heard electricity humming like sounds as he came to from being unconscious. He felt himself lying on dirt ground on his back wearing shorts covering him and his clothes were gone from his form as he felt his armor still inside him but not willing to come out. He jerked open his eyes to stare at a glaring round overhead light shining from above. He sat up with confusion while shaking his head and rubbed a hand on his forehead. Then felt for the armor by touching his neck which he sensed was still inside him but not willing to come out despite his mental orders to will it forwards. 
He looked around to discover himself surrounded by a long over his head in length large fence gates with signs on them that said “Danger Electricity.”
He recalled meeting Aurora in his apartment in New Jack City soon after he was knocked unconscious from his residence in Ireland and sent to the city to live. She showed him a doll and knocked him out with some dart gun by the back of his neck. This before waking up still in his familiar apartment in New Jack City, his body feeling like it went through medical testing that kept him in bed sick with a weakness feeling for two standard planetary days. He felt rage running through him as the memory stopped its course in his mind. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. He found his mind was too cluttered to ghost walk due to his anger running through him. MacLeod heard the humming of electricity stop as he opened his eyes. He saw a figure walked into view which was a huge bald head male with a sneer on his face while having all blue eyes wearing only black shorts that pulled part of the gate open sliding it then walked inside slamming it closed behind him. MacLeod again heard the humming of electricity sounded again and watched as the male advanced towards him with his hands becoming fists and the sneer on the male’s face become a smirk. MacLeod slowly got up from kneeling to stand and raised his hands fisting them. The male attacked him with fists swinging at him. MacLeod willed forwards the Master as he allowed his rage to take control angrily met the male’s attack using his martial art fighting moves towards the male. He while dancing out of the male’s swinging fists. He felt something like a dam burst in him as his armor took control covering his form. He felt something like a feeling of safety hitting him as his armor covered his body entirely while fisting the male in combative art moves. He smirked some sick smile towards the male who formed a big frown as the man hit his armored form with clang sounds. MacLeod saw the fighter's face turn into a frown with confusion in the male’s eyes who charged at him with a full body attack. He stepped aside tripping the male to turn watching the male’s charge end by hitting the fence. The fighter’s body wound up jerking from the electricity hitting him. He heard the humming sound stop as the male’s body stopped its jerking to slide down towards the dirt ground. He sensed two presences of people watching him. He turned to his left forming a glare on his face eyes staring at two figures features hidden in the darkness as his armor reverted back into his body baring him with only shorts. MacLeod folded his arms forming accusation in his eyes and face aimed at the hidden figures. He stood as one of the figures turned towards the other and then after a moment walked forwards features becoming clear in the light. He saw Aurora holding a baby in her arms that stopped with the fence a few inches away from her. MacLeod walked up to the fence and placed hands on it to glare at her as she raised the baby a male towards him. He saw was wearing blue masculine clothes along with a blue cap on his head. He stared at the baby with a frown running through him as a vision came to his mind. MacLeod saw a young boy child appearing to have his face while looking older able to walk. He saw the boy was doing karate easily while wearing a karate uniform with Aurora’s hair color doing karate on grass while wearing shoes. Then the boy quit to bow and walked forwards towards two figures sitting in chairs with a table and cups sitting on it in front of them and chairs surrounding it. MacLeod saw one was Burke looking older. The other was he recognized was Deidrick with his hair completely grey. Aurora walked into view looking older with streaks of grey in her hair to sit at the table in a chair. MacLeod saw the boy went to Burke sitting on his lap as he saw himself looking young as ever and not older walk into view looking happy carrying a tray full of food to set on the table and then himself sat down on a chair. He saw the boy child scramble off Burke’s lap to dart towards him to sit on his lap which himself rubbed a hand on the boy’s head before the child put arms around his neck while leaning against him. 

MacLeod blinked his eyes of the vision as it went away as Aurora he saw walked away from him going into the darkness to stand next to a figure he could sense was Deidrick. He frowned staring at the two for they appeared to be talking by their head movements as he removed his hands from the fence to stand staring at them with his arms at his sides. He again heard the humming sound. He frowned as a memory popped in his mind’s eye. He was standing at a locker he recognized as his from high school in Aire in the city of New York with the door open while pulling out a computer pad. 
He remembering in the memory heard an annoyed female voice from behind him speaking "Tamos." 
He grimaced recognizing it as a female annoyance named Leanna that was targeting him for sex she kept on trying to kiss him and initiated the mating ritual. MacLeod turned around to face her. She yanked the pad from his hands dropping it on the floor. MacLeod stared at her with annoyance running though him as she placed a hand on his chest and reached a hand towards his sensitive part he feeling her grope him as she was about to kiss him. He felt anger arrive shot out his hands and pushed her away from him her falling to the floor. 
He yelled at her angrily saying “We’re through! I don’t want to date you anymore so go date with someone else!”
MacLeod angrily picked up his pad and turned to slam the locker closed and turned to walk away when he felt his arm grabbed by Leanna. 
He heard her speak “Don’t do this to me, Tamos.” 
He growled softly at name of Tamos she always called him. He yanked her hand off his arm and walked away from her. 
He again felt his arm grabbed while hearing her speak “Your Father would approve of our match.” 
MacLeod felt his control snap threw the pad and with quick moves yanked Leanna’s hand off his arm to grab her by the neck moving her to the wall thrusting her back to it. He raised Leanna’s form off the ground by his hand on her neck choking her. 
He angrily spoke “Don’t ever mention my Father to me again.”
He heard a loud voice speaking “Tam-Mykola MacLeod, put her down now!”
MacLeod growled softly recognizing the voice of Principal Edwards. He saw was standing in the hallway with arms folded a glare on his face. He obeyed releasing Leanna to the floor who bent down coughing appearing to make the choking worse off than he did to her. He bent down to pick up his pad and straightened up his form facing the principal. 
MacLeod heard the Principal speak “Mister MacLeod, report for detention after school. I’ll keep this incident of you threatening Miss Banks out of your records.”
MacLeod nodded his head and walked away as one of the classroom doors opened. He saw Teacher Travis walking out with annoyance in his face. 
MacLeod saw the teacher look at him who spoke with annoyance in his tone “Tam-Mykola MacLeod get yourself in the room now. Your allotted time to get your computer pad is up.”
He obeyed going into the room followed by the teacher who slammed the door behind him. 
He recalled soon after accused of rape that resulted in Leanna carrying a baby. She kept fingering him as the Father and he punished harshly for that. He continued to recall the attack on Leanna choking her was used against him as an excuse of her saying no she didn't want him. Principal Edwards seeing the choking testified at his court trial that it was retaliation against her negative answers to him asking her for a date. He wound up punished by the judge to have him held back a grade as a result by restarting over it followed by advancing to another grade once the school term was over with.

MacLeod felt himself annoyed of the memory. He recalled getting riled up angry whenever people mentioned his Father to him over the years as he grew up that caused him to harm people around him. He recalled his version of the attack on Leanna wasn't easily believed instead dismissed by the judge and people he told of it. He shook his head of the memory to eye Aurora and Deidrick who appeared to be still talking by their moving heads. He turned till they were facing his left side. He kneeled with hands resting on his thighs eyes staring at the ground with a frown on his face. He heard the electricity’s humming stop followed by a sound of a dart gun going off. He felt a prick of pain in his back followed by sleepiness. He slowly lowered himself to the ground lying on it on his side going unconscious.

MacLeod dreamed of himself a toddler aged standing in a crib watching a familiar couple Lizette and Burke getting into a sign language talk him recalling what they were saying. 
He saw Lizette sign “Hmph admit it Burke I was implanted. Our son doesn’t resemble you or me either.” 
MacLeod watched as Burke signed “Don’t worry about this Lizette. Just worry about caring for our son.” 
He watched Lizette form a glare on her face and stomp out of the room slamming the door. This was followed by Burke going to him in the crib to gently put his toddler form down into a lying position along with putting a blanket on. 
MacLeod frowned as Burke spoke out loud “A pity, Deidrick, I can’t tell Lizette what you did to create our son in the first place. That's due to your obsession with a medieval legend and deity god. You forbade me to say anything with threats of death. Oh well. I wish I could say it to Lizette that she’s right about being implanted with her son but too bad I can’t. Anyway can’t wait to see how you’ll turn out Lance once you’re grown.” 
MacLeod dreaming stared at Burke who forced his eyes shut.

MacLeod woke up feeling a hand patting his cheek. He felt manacles on his wrists that were holding his arms up while in a squat position. He felt clothes on his body that consisted of pants feeling tight and a tight t-shirt that felt like it was made out of an expensive material along with socks and shoes covering his feet. He raised his head to open his eyes while sensing the armor was still within him but refusing to come out. He saw Aurora bent down leaning over him hand patting his cheek. MacLeod sighed as he straightened his form as she removed her hand while showing concern on her face. He stared at her wearing a white dress with shoes on her feet. He felt no anger towards her as she abruptly hugged him one hand on his back and the other on the back of his neck. 
He stiffened from the touch as he heard Aurora speak “Shh you’ll be alright. Sorry about that stunt of having you fight some guy. It was done to test your fighting skills people have claimed to see from you appearing to be self taught in karate.” 
He frowned feeling her chin on his shoulder as she leaned against him. MacLeod saw movement caught his eyes and peered to see a white tiger walking towards them which he saw the room was cave like with a dirt floor highlighted by fluorescent lights from above. 
He spoke “Aurora, do you know that there’s a tiger walking towards us from behind?”
MacLeod heard her speak “That’s Dominique, don’t worry about her.” 
He kept his eyes on Dominique the tiger who sat on her tummy with arms crossed. 
He again heard Aurora speak “Deidrick who I refer as Roo has issued that you be rewarded by keeping me safe while I was carrying my son.” 
MacLeod felt himself stiffening some more at her words. He felt Aurora’s hand touch his cheek gently rubbing before she stepped back from him which he eyed her. 
Aurora he eyed spoke “Just keep what I told you in mind, Lance.” 
MacLeod watched as she turned and walked away ignoring the tiger. He sighed recalling that she always called him by this god's name of Lance than his nickname the ladies referred to him as Tan Jinx. He saw her walk up to a high as the ceiling gated fence to slide it open before closing it behind her. He bared his teeth in a glare at the gated fence then pulled at the manacles using great strength to break them off his wrists. He eyed Dominique who appeared to ignore him by sleeping away and walked to the gated fence holding up a hand and shutting his eyes. He sensed nothing electrical from the fence opened his eyes going towards it. MacLeod walked to the fence and slid it open then walked out into a cave hallway lighted by round overhead lights sticking in the jagged ceiling. MacLeod slid the gated fence closed behind him. He put a hand on his neck and grimaced feeling his necklace was still gone from his neck along with not feeling safe of his armor. An image of Aurora flashed in his mind’s eye focusing on her neck which showed her wearing his necklace with the diamond ring attached to it. He held up a hand and felt its pull towards a direction. He allowed to guide him walking down a hallway pass metal doors on his sides till he reached stairs and walked up them. He continued to walk up the stairs going around in a circle till his hand guided him to an open doorway. He walked through to see a hallway with walls that resembled stone all around him and circular lights shining from above. He walked into the hallway guided by his hand passing metal doors on his sides till he reached an open doorway. He peered into the room to see it was brightly lit up by fluorescent lights shining above and spotted his necklace lying on a long rectangular glass box which he went inside towards it. 
He reaching the box picked up the necklace putting it on around his neck and froze hearing a voice speaking from behind him “Lance Richard, take a look at the box’s contents.” 
He spun around to see Aurora standing in an open doorway in the room with a curtain in it with two masked men wearing police uniforms while holding long guns in their hands. He heard her repeat her words which he felt compelled to look turned around and looked stiffening of shock seeing the contents. MacLeod saw inside was Lance Richard from his dream with his face with the exact clothes he dreamed of and a sword held in the male’s right hand. MacLeod stared at his God's form with a frown running through him. 
He heard Aurora speak again “Roo told me of a family legend that happened years before there was technology for satellites which I’ll tell you. The family legend was that Roo’s ancestor Neil living in some nation called Britain in one part called Victoria was exploring land that was going be developed. Neil came to a cave entrance in a hill that showed a cave similar size as the room and he found lying on a slab was him who is lying in that box. He told the others of this who had people examine the cave and the male. They couldn’t find any clues to who he was or anything else in the cave besides the slab. The developers insisted that the male be removed which Neil placed him in a museum warehouse in a glass coffin.”
MacLeod frowned as Aurora paused as he looked at her to see her standing next to him looking at him. 
He stared at her as she continued speaking “After Neil passed away Roo wound up inheriting the male after his Grandfather and Father passed away. He had the male taken to the United States' mainland for testing trying to find out what killed him and his identity. The tests didn’t identify the male but discovered that he died of wounds indicating of fighting with weapons like the one he’s holding in his hand. The tests also reveal that his clothes were put on him after his death along with the crown. Roo came upon a theory that the man had something to do with a Britain legend involving a King but isn't sure which King he is but it hasn’t been proven.”
MacLeod looked away at Lance in the box as Aurora paused from speaking then added “Roo’s theory is that the man must be a male named Lance Richard in the legend. It was said in the legend that a deity King with that name killed a rebellious King named George at a battle and later died himself. Roo thinks this must be why the male’s body was placed in the cave with no identification on him. He also thinks that people disagreed with the male’s actions of having King George executed and did this to his body after he died.”
He spoke as Aurora paused “Hence Deidrick’s interests in me. My face is the same as the male in there.” 
Aurora he heard spoke “It could be that but his interest towards you hasn’t been made known to me. I suspect that it’s something else like I’ve sensed from you the moment I met you long ago.” 
He looked at Aurora with a frown on his face as she stared at him with a frown in her eyes. 
He kept his mouth shut as she continued “Come with me, Lance.” 
MacLeod followed her out of the room walking behind her while sensing the two men with guns following. He walked passed metal doors behind Aurora who reached a set of stairs going up and walked up them with him following her. He eyed her back as the group went up the stairs going pass doorways till they reached a door with a button console next to it. MacLeod watched as Aurora pressed some buttons on the console and then the metal door slid open with a humming sound. He followed her walking through the doorway to see a large square room with metal walls and a console of elevator buttons on one wall as he stood. 
He heard doors slid closed from behind him and eyed Aurora who went to the button console pressing the button a word on it he read “Guest.”
He felt the elevator go up with a humming sound while hearing beeping sounds as it made its rise towards the desired floor. He kept his mouth shut as Aurora folded her arms eyes staring at the floor he saw. MacLeod felt a jerk as the elevator stopped followed by the humming sound ending. He saw the metal wall in front of him open revealing a large room with scattered furniture in it with a lamp shining brightly illuminating the room. He followed Aurora out and sensed the men with guns stay in the elevator as its doors closed behind him. He looked around the room to spot a bed with a pillow like padded head board with a shiny red dot in the middle of it and blankets on it with pillows. His senses blared an alarm indicating of being recorded by a camera. He slowly looked around the room to see it was a little high above him while spotting red dots. He assumed were cameras recording his ever move along with spotting the dots peering from furniture. 
He looked at Aurora who spoke in some familiar voice tone “Lance.” 
MacLeod sensed what she wanted from within him he didn't feel inclined to do towards her. He raised a hand mentally willing forwards the Master through and ordered her to sleep. MacLeod watched as Aurora’s eyes blinked several times before closing them and felt her form become still appearing to slide to the floor. He caught her and put her on the bed. MacLeod rubbed a hand on her cheek. Then he went to the elevator which opened showing the familiar men inside who pointed their guns at him as he waved a hand towards them mentally ordering them to sleep. He watched as they lowered their guns to fall towards the floor lying still. MacLeod turned and looked at Aurora then walked inside the elevator which the doors closed and he went to the console to peer at the buttons. 
He pressed the one labeled “Lobby.” 
MacLeod folded his arms as the elevator went down which it stopped. He unfolded his arms as smoke abruptly poured into the elevator from above him. He sensed himself filmed spied a camera above kept his eyes onto it forgetting that he had the Master in control. He kept his eyes and face staring at the camera with a blank expression as smoke fogged up the elevator bringing sleepiness which overcame him. He lowered himself to the floor going unconscious to dream of himself facing a familiar female he saw from recognition was Lance Richard's birth Mother in Terra via her face looking twin to him. 
He again hearing the familiar voice speaking “Not time yet.” 
MacLeod saw her form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut.

MacLeod came to felt a motion of a vehicle jerked his eyes open to find himself sitting in a limo alone with a figure in front at the driver’s seat wearing a cap with peeking out long black hair. He sat up to feel himself still wearing the all black clothes, shoes and necklace but had a black business suit like jacket over his top while still feeling his armor hiding underneath him. He looked out the window sensing the Master still in control which he willed away as he grimaced from the pain of needles' prick points felt all over his body to his annoyance. MacLeod wound up willing aside the pain as he peered out the window of the vehicle to see a scenic route of forest like trees that bored him due to figuring out that it was somewhere in the boundary of New Jack City. MacLeod frowned staring out the window. 
He heard the driver speak “Mister Knight requests you to visit your Grandmother Rita Richardson, Mother of your Father Burke Richardson. Also to use the Lance Richardson name included when introducing yourself to the staff for requesting to see Missus Richardson.”
He looked away from the window not saying a word as the car stopped at a building. It was looking like a city building out of place among the rural setting with a security guard in front of the entrance. 
He again heard the driver speak “We’re here. Call me on the cell phone in your pocket of the jacket at the dialed in number to let me know when your visit is done.” 
He felt for the jacket’s chest pocket to feel a familiar object in it. He opened the door and got out of the vehicle closing the door behind him. MacLeod stood and looked back watching as the transport drove away which he turned back to stare at the security guard looking at him with a blank look on his face. Frowning MacLeod walked towards the door as the male leaned and opened the door with a wave of hand without a word. He walked inside to see a lobby of couches, arm chairs and tables scattered around in front of him. Exhaling a breath he saw a counter desk in front of him where a female wearing a suit was sitting next to a computer monitor and a phone besides her while she was tapping the screen. 
He went to the woman who looked up and spoke “Help you sir?”
MacLeod spoke “Here to see Rita Richardson.” 
He frowned as the woman looked away back to her computer tapping resuming before looking at him speaking “Take the elevator to floor number ten where you’ll be directed to her location.” 
MacLeod nodded his head and spied the elevators behind her and went to them. He reached one of them pressed a button on the wall with the arrow pointing up. He stood waiting as he heard a ding sound and saw an elevator open its doors which he walked inside. He spied the button console pressed the number ten and then the elevator went up with a humming sound. He felt the elevator stop at the desired floor opened its doors showing a set of double doors in front a bit away which he walked out of the elevator going to the doors. He went through the doors as they slammed behind him to see in front of him was a counter where people wearing medical scrubs were behind it doing their work. He went to the counter and waited as one of them a woman sitting in front of a computer on a desk looked in his direction. 
MacLeod waited as the woman got up going to the counter to speak “Yes, something I can do for you?”
MacLeod spoke “Here to see Rita Richardson.” 
The woman spoke “I like to know your name for our records.”
He spoke “Lance Richardson.” 
He saw her eyes widen followed by opening her mouth and closing it then she spoke “I’ll show you where Rita is.” 
He watched as she walked around the counter walking in his direction. He followed her going down the hallway with open doors at both sides and people looking old he saw sitting in the doorways in wheelchairs. 
He followed her till she reached a doorway with a sign that said “Montreal room.”
MacLeod frowned at the name. She walked inside with him following and he saw a large room with series of armchairs, couches and tables with chairs scattered in the room. He paused as the woman paused to point with a finger towards a female figure sitting in a wheelchair sideways to a window showing space images flashing instead of outside like some TV monitor screen. She appearing to be reading a book appearing to be religious by the looks of it in her hands judging by her head position aimed at it while having some eye wear on her face. 
He heard the woman spoke “That’s her, Rita.” 
MacLeod nodded his head as the woman turned and left him walking away. He weaved his way around people, chairs and tables. He grabbed an empty chair and took it with him to Missus Richardson. He set the chair down next to her wheelchair and bent down to kiss her on the cheek then sat in the chair besides her. She looked up from the book and looked in his direction on her left. He saw a smile appear on her eyes as she lowered the book and took off her eye wear attached by chain. 
She raising her hands signing words he understood said “You must be my Grandson Lance. I finally am able to meet you after all these years.” 
MacLeod nodded his head then raised his hands to sign “Nice to meet you Grandma.” 
He stared at her as she signed “Well I have lots to tell you but I’ll say as much as I can without boring you.”
MacLeod again nodded his head as he stared at Missus Richardson who continued signing “I’ll explain why I’m signing is because I’m deaf and I was born hearing but later became sick with an illness that made me deaf since being born on an island part of the United States' mainland. I was taught to sign by my parents who worked with the deaf living on the island. I grew up on the island and later I met my husband Ted who is hearing while working at a school for the deaf. We had Burke your Father who turned out to be our only child. I taught him how to communicate with the deaf through sign language which he is fluent in. He met your Mother Lizette as he claims she's called. He claims he met her at a deaf camp when he was there as a counselor she also a counselor too. You're Mother and your Father married for a short time and later had you off the United States on a sea vessel you insisting on being born early and refusing to wait for medics to come assist the birth. For some unknown reason your parents separated never divorced with your Mother having to take care of you without any influence from your Father in your life. Your Father has repeatedly from his visits to me from his office shown pictures of you growing up taken by hired photographers. This was mostly during the times when you competed for a belt in karate and school pictures your Mother sent him.” 
MacLeod frowned thinking to himself "What really happened to Lance Richardson the son?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question as Missus Richardson paused from signing then signed “When your Father showed those pictures to me I could see the pride in his face. He seemed to me to be very proud of you and your accomplishments which have him happy. Except I could see that there was pain in his eyes whenever he mentioned you I suspect he misses being a part of your life and has wanted to Father you. I don’t know the details of what happened between your Father and your Mother. All I know is that your parents had a terrible argument. Your Mother walked out taking you with her when you were nearly walking. She went to Brazil to live there and my son wound up following setting up a business there in the process-”
MacLeod stared at Missus Richardson who stared at him with an intense stare of reverence as she was interrupted by female wearing scrubs who signed "It's time for your medicine. I have to give it to you in your room. It's policy for that to happen anyway." 
Missus Richardson he saw shook her head followed by appearing to be gasping of pain while still signing to him “I expect more visits from you, Lance Richard.”
He frowned at the name Lance Richard as she continued to sign while still gasping of pain as the female got behind her wheelchair “Your Father named you Lance which you're Mother fixed the name to Montreal as the first name. It was given to you since you were able to move around. The nickname was due to how klutzy you got into things while exploring as a child so come back and I’ll tell you more.”
MacLeod again nodded his head as the female in scrubs pushed a gasping Missus Richardson away. He got up following watching them enter a doorway followed by medics darting inside he hearing a faint alarm sounding loudly. MacLeod grimaced seeing Missus Richardson's body worked on as she surrendered to death he hearing the medics declaring her dead. He quietly walked away from the doorway. MacLeod kept walking to the doors to the elevator and entered them unstopped. He took the elevator down to the lobby and pulled out the cell phone once outside watching for anything to find the scenery boring him due to not finding much cars coming in sight in the road. 
He pressed the dialed in number and heard the driver’s voice on the phone “I’m on my way, please wait.” 
MacLeod frowned as the driver hung up and he put the cell phone away in his pocket to stand with arms folded watching the wind blew the trees repeatedly over and over despite breaks of doing it. He stood and waited as the vehicle came driving up and stopped which he spied the familiar female in the driver’s seat and he went inside to sit and froze seeing Deidrick sitting in a seat opposite from him with a glare on his face. 
MacLeod kept his face blank as Deidrick spoke “I don’t find it amusing that you put my wife to sleep which powerful addicting medicine had to be used to wake her up.” 
MacLeod leaned back in the seat and folded his arms eyes on Deidrick who continued speaking “Put my wife to sleep again. I'll see that you pay dearly for that. I don't care if your a deity or not.” 
MacLeod narrowed his eyes at the threat and Deidrick's wording referring him as a deity. He kept his mouth shut as Deidrick glared at him with a boring narrowed eyed look. MacLeod turned his head away to look out the window. 
He heard Deidrick speak again “I like my cell phone back so hand it over now.” 
He unfolded his arms and got out the cell phone tossing it to Deidrick who caught it. He again looked out the window ignoring Deidrick who kept glaring at him. MacLeod sighed and looked at Deidrick willing forwards the Master through who formed a confused expression on his face. He then raised a hand towards Deidrick and mentally gave the command for sleep. He watched as Deidrick’s confused eye look changed to horror which drooped blinking before shutting them falling asleep followed by bowing his head. He looked out the window for a third time to see the transport was driving lengthy. He willed aside the Master. He glanced at Deidrick who remained sleeping even till the vehicle reached a familiar airport he frowning to why he was driven to there. MacLeod found himself transported out of the vehicle via the Sages' transportation powers to find himself standing on a dirt road with a rocky wall having a sign on it he unable to read. He grunted as the rains fell making him annoyed as he walked passed the rocky wall to the castle he recognized as the one he came out of via travel gate. MacLeod went to the door intending to knock as the rain fell hard drenching him. He found the door open by a Knightman clad in armor that grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. He sighed from the warmth of the castle's halls to feel the Knightman the butler yanking off his clothes baring him. MacLeod found the armor within him cover him all over including helmet. He didn't comment a response as the Knightman took his arm and led him down a hallway of stone to a door and got him inside to the sitting room to sit onto an armchair and handed him his familiar mug of blood drink. MacLeod didn't comment a response sipped the mug's contents down entirely then stiffened as a familiar presence was felt within the room behind the armchair. 
MacLeod spoke "Greetings and don't lurk behind the chair now."
He found Lance Richard walked from behind the chair to kneel in front of him the male looking angry by the look of his blue eyes. He kept his thoughts to himself as Lance Richard appeared to be stewing about something as he put down the mug onto the table next to the armchair. MacLeod waited for the explosion of anger from Lance Richard. He didn't have long to wait as Lance Richard got up and began pacing while giving off Ancient Ones' growling noises sounding of a Knightman's growl and seemingly angry while throwing fists up and down. He kept himself calm while waiting for Lance Richard to quit his hissy fit as he called them since he got the male trapped into his castle once he learned his lesson. MacLeod recalled the lesson was involving Lance Richard seeking forgiveness from himself the male refusing to get the message instead was still blaming him for his containment. MacLeod found Lance Richard's hissy fit still lasting longer than normally as he eyed the male who kept on pacing back and forth in front of him. He sat with confidence that Lance Richard wouldn't hurt him even if he tried. MacLeod kept his mouth shut helmet still covering his head he recalled that Lance Richard threw a hissy screaming fit from seeing his face twin to the male despite some twinning in eyes and fanged teeth involving a Bloody named Julian. 
MacLeod recalled Lance Richard kept accusing him "You're Julian Nightwalker! The Bloody that I killed in battle after Julian killed a King named George!"
He recalled Lance Richard's other admittance "I managed to stab you in the back via beater organ. I was about to kill you via head chopping off when another Bloody dubbing himself Achilles grabbed me in a lock hold and was feeding off of me. I wasn't able to get Achilles off of me instead he sucked me unconscious. Then I saw him try to give me his blood to suck on into my lips. I balked the sucking of his blood but he managed to get it into my throat and I wound up as a stinking Bloody controlled by blood lust. I didn't like it so I walked into the sun and burned myself to death despite using some mental power of transporting myself out of my Bloody infested body into another position."
MacLeod kept his eyes onto Lance Richard who flared an all black eyed look he figuring out that the male was still controlled by his anger and still going to throw a hissy fit onto him involving his fists. He sighed a Human trait and willed forwards the Master and kept himself still while waiting for Lance Richard's hissy fit to explode into the male targeting him with his fists. He didn't have long to wait as Lance Richard darted towards him in a fast speed move with a hand fisted. MacLeod found himself surrounded by Knightmen guards wearing armor in a circle around him and his chair. He sighed again recalling that the Knightmen had kept Lance Richard from using his fists onto him and had balked on letting himself get hurt by the male period. MacLeod kept his mouth shut as the Knightmen faded from view he recognized them going into hidden states to stand around protecting him from Lance Richard's fists. He didn't comment a response as Lance Richard's fists clanged against the hidden Knightmen he seeing the male was hitting them hard and they refusing to reveal themselves from their hidden forms. He kept his eyes onto Lance Richard who's fists kept on clanging against the hidden Knightmen's armor repeatedly while appearing to try to fist his front despite the blockage. MacLeod waited patiently as Lance Richard quit the fisting to hold up a hand palm out towards him. He found his guards appearing from hidden status to stand blocking his sight of Lance Richard. 
MacLeod spoke loudly "Throwing a hissy fit again Lance-"
He was interrupted "Hissy fit! My seat! Free me now! I refused to stay in this prison as your toy! Free me!"
MacLeod recalled talk from the Sages blaring in his mind "Its Kiddy. Don't free Lance Richard till we say so. He needs to forgive himself for his blaming he's been thinking towards himself on being caught by a vampire and fed off including becoming one of them. He sort of blames himself for that happening and the reason why he's stuck where he is and not able to join the All Seeing One's position."
MacLeod shook his head of the talk via the Sages and spoke loudly "Lance, you still don't get it-"
He was interrupted "Don't get it?! What are you babbling about?! You're a stinking vampire who's using me for amusing and sucking my blood in retaliation of killing you! Stop this prisoner status now! Free me!"
MacLeod rolled his eyes in response and mentally spoke "All Seeing One what will get Lance Richard here to get my message that blaming himself isn't going to do it for his anger? He should learn to forgive himself of his actions instead of being angry."
He heard nothing from the Sages instead found the Knightmen gone from surrounding him he sensed that they were in hidden status around him as he saw Lance Richard again pacing back and forth while still gnashing fanged vampire teeth. He sighed from Lance Richard displaying vampire teeth he recalled the teeth was a result of a Bloody sucking the male and turning him into one of the Bloodies. He kept his mouth shut as Lance Richard kept on pacing back and forth till he heard a loud throat clearing noise loudly to find a female wearing a purple dress he recognized as Julian Nightwalker's birth Mother standing in the room glowing of light. MacLeod sighed softly as the female grabbed a hold of Lance Richard's shoulder via her hand along with putting a hand over his forehead.
He heard her loudly speaking "Remember my son."
MacLeod kept his mouth shut as Lance Richard gave up a loud vampire growl and appeared to be throwing fists aimed at the female finding his hands going through her body like she was a ghost. He frowned as Lance Richard didn't remove the female's hands off his shoulder and forehead instead kept on throwing fists while growing loudly. MacLeod frowned as Lance Richard quit the fisting followed by tossing aside the crown and form shifting into Julian Nightwalker to his shock. He sighed again as the female embraced Julian in a hug the male not protesting to him. MacLeod kept his eyes onto the female he figured was Julian's birth mother he unsure of her name. 
He frowned as Julian was heard "Mother."
MacLeod frowned as Julian was freed from his Mother's grips to pick up the crown and resume putting it on top of his head shifting his form into Lance Richard with all black eyes and fanged vampire teeth. 
He eyed the female who held up her wrist towards Lance Richard and heard her speak "Drink." 
MacLeod found Lance Richard without hesitance in his movements sucked the female's wrist appearing to be enjoying the sucking of her blood. He sighed softly despite he disgusted from the scene as Lance Richard had his fill of her blood then licked the bite wound with his tongue. He frowned as the female disappeared from view he sensing her watching via a hidden status as Lance Richard went to kneel in front of him with head bowed and seen licking his lips. MacLeod found a Knightman holding a mug of black color in his hand and gestured silently fingers towards Lance Richard including the drinking gesture. 
He took the mug and held it up towards Lance Richard while speaking "Drink, you need nourishment."
MacLeod found Lance Richard took the mug without questioning him and found the male sipping the drink with eyes sensed staring at the floor despite them all black colored. He didn't comment a response to Lance Richard's acceptance of the mug's contents of blood he smelled. He found a Knightman next to him that held a white colored mug in hand making a drinking gesture. MacLeod took the mug in response and sipped the drink of blood he finding himself no longer disgusted from that. 
He felt himself accepting the drink enough to think to himself "I need this to survive on. I have to accept that I'm a Bloody vampire whether I like it or not."
MacLeod sipped the drink only to hear loudly in his mind "It's Walls. You both got the message the All Seeing One wanted you both to get. So free Lance Richard now. He's free to go.'
He sighed during a pause of sipping his mug and held the cup in hand while speaking loudly "You're free to go Lance Richard. I release you from the bounds of containment."
MacLeod resumed sipping his drink to find Lance Richard appeared to have heard him by giving up a familiar Knightman's salute with his hand fisted over his chest diagonal over the area and resumed sipping his own drink. He kept on sipping the drink till a Knightman appeared next to Lance Richard that took the mug from the male who got up and followed the butler out of the room. He heard the door to the room manipulated and sensed Lance Richard out of the room and out of containment by sensing the Sages transporting the male out. MacLeod quietly sipped his drink of blood and didn't protest as a Knightman appeared next to him via hidden status to take his empty cup from him. He sighed and heard the door being manipulated along with treads of a cane thumping onto the floor to his annoyance. MacLeod frowned as the cane's owner came around the armchair to sit into another armchair put there by a Knightman illuminated by the fire in the fireplace. MacLeod frowned while eyeing the cane's owner as an Ancient One dubbed Father Barry who stared at him with his all black colored eyes before looking away towards the fire and appeared to be lost in thought. MacLeod removed the helmet in response to get nothing from Father Barry who didn't appear to look surprised to see him. 
He kept a glare aimed at Father Barry who spoke in response "What's the name of the planetary world your from?"
MacLeod spoke in response "The world had three names. First Meritania, second Shadan after some species-"
He was interrupted by Father Barry speaking "Calling themselves Shadonia?"
MacLeod stiffened hearing Father Barry's words as he gave the male a glare and spoke firmly "You came from Aire as the world is now called by the word of Shadonia you used."
He kept the glare as Father Barry looked in his direction with his eyes still all black colored and got from the male in response "I did come from Aire as you call the world but it was known as Shadan back then actually. I came to Terra aka Earth the Humans' original home world via a transfer of New South England as its now dubbed."
He exhaled a breath as Father Barry kept on speaking "I was known as Barry on Shadan with an All Seeing One ability including an ability to manipulate people via voice orders."
MacLeod groaned out "Explains why the Meritanians calling themselves Sages now were laughing about some transfer of a piece of the First Ones' home to Earth."
Father Barry gave him a head bob followed by the male speaking "I suspect that the Meritanians or Sages as they wished to be called now transported me asleep to the First Ones' area that was being transferred by King Winter in the process. It appears they wanted to play jokes in peace without anyone interfering."
He spoke in response "Actually the Sages as they wished to be called wound up having this transportation joke backfiring onto them when a servant of the former disbanded High Council-"
He was interrupted "Disbanded High Council?"
MacLeod found Father Barry giving him a narrowed eyed glare which he spoke in response "King Winter made a deal with the High Council as in transferring the First Ones' land out of Shadan in response they would disband and cease to exist. Edenia with Humania caught wind of that deal and that the High Council wasn't going to disband once King Winter did that transferring forced their hand. The Highlanders are now dubbed by this First One word of Elf for one and Elves for more than one were forced by Edenia getting involved to accept a First One as their leader and disband the High Council in the process including the name change. Edenia and Humania once that deal was done disappeared from Shadan's orbit which the disappearance altered Shadan in the process. The Shadonia wound up mysteriously changed into this odd species dubbed Tennan for insisting their name is actually ten thousand letters long in First One language. That along with the First Ones living in the rest of the United States' land in Aire as the world as called becoming the dominant species on that planetary world. Besides the Elves as their called have indicated that they have a First One hidden in leadership position dubbed Horus despite given no explanation to that name-"
He was interrupted by Father Barry speaking "I know of one First One with that name of Horus but I highly doubt that this Horus and my Horus are the same person. I know my Horus was kind of a wallflower letting people control him enough to do anything to him including his persona as some God deity in question. It's something the High Council made fun of I had to talk them out of playing jokes onto my Horus."
MacLeod spoke firmly finding Father Barry became silent staring at the fire "Your referring to Jinks Montreal aren't you?"
He gave Father Barry a glare to find the male looking at him with a head bob which he continued speaking "Anyhow this Jinks Montreal I only met him once in a karate studio to spar fight with him. He introduced himself as my adoptive Mother Victoria Thunder's biological Father. He seemed to have some oldness look in his eyes when I saw him. Also he had an odd quirk of smirking some sick smile when he was sparring with me in karate I kept getting knocked to the floor repeatedly by him kicking me. He quit that smirk look each time I wound up on the floor. I haven't met him again but I've met Victoria's Husband Tom Thunder aka Mindbender as he's referred by Horus and the Elves he serves."
He got Father Barry giving him a head bob in response as he paused from talking then continued speaking "Anyway Tom and I met each other multiple times in the gyms we both practiced karate including sparring fighting onto each other. But the connection of him being Mindbender and my Mother's husband didn't connect till later. I wound up assuming that Tom was a bad guy taking advantage of my Mother who arrived with him she appearing to be drunk that put me off. I used some drugged status of putting sleeping powder into the drinks of Tom and my Mother who fell asleep. Then after that used a candle lighting trick onto Tom to make him move with his eyes shut-"
MacLeod cut himself off hearing Father Barry chuckling loudly which he gave the male a glare who spoke "Like parent like offspring. Jinks pulled that candle lighting trick onto a male targeting his Mother. She appearing to be drunk. He didn't realize back then that he was recorded doing that stunt including recorded drowning that male into the lake. His body was found soon after the recording came to light. Some members of the Master Organization you know what it is?"
He gave a head bob and spoke "It's still called that despite the Elves keep calling it Lancelot a name that never stuck."
MacLeod got from Father Barry in response "Anyhow the recording got to the members of the Master Organization who saw it and were creep out by Jinks' stunt. Someone called the police and told them of some drunkard drowning himself into the lake a stunt to see if there was evidence of Jinks' stunt. Turns out there was full evidence including traces of a sleeping drug in the victim's system including some alcoholic drink that Jinks' Mother favors. She was quite a drinker of alcoholic drinks but managed to stop herself from driving underneath the influence or getting too drunk to walk out like a drunkard. Drinking was common among the Master Organization's members but they kept acting like drunkards from time to time. Something the High Council frowned on having it happened. I suspect that drinking was from the Meritanians manipulating them to drink after they figured out that they could manipulate Lance Richard to drink himself drunk when he was living on Shadan before the transfer."
MacLeod groaned softly as Father Barry resumed staring at the fire via his all black eyes. 
He broke the lengthy silence "Father Barry is it common for you and the Ancient Humans to have those all black eyes?"
He frowned as Father Barry was sensed looking at him via senses blaring to hear the male speaking "Those eyes are a mark to indentify who survived the transfer of the United States' Southern parts from Shadan to Earth or Terra as she's referred. King Winter pulled that stunt onto survivors who survived the transfer by marking them with those eyes soon after feeding off them as some vampire."
MacLeod hissed loudly hearing that as Father Barry ignored his noises and kept on speaking "King Winter once he finished feeding off the survivors and marking the ones he fed off with those eyes took off and hasn't been seen since. I admit it when I was in Shadan I had an All Seeing One mental ability. But now since I wound up in Terra my ability has been gone from me and I haven't seen anything involving it in my mind. Just my own memories and dreams instead of that junk the High Council called it when they had me serve them to see what they wanted me to see."
MacLeod spoke in response "What about that voice ability to control people?"
He frowned as Father Barry gave him a glare while jabbing his cane aimed at him and found the male refused to answer his question. 
He sighed Human style and spoke firmly "I guess that you don't have that ability."
He got Father Barry again jabbing his cane aimed at him as he heard within his mind "Its Kiddy. He's indicating on us Sages to talk to you actually. He does have that voice ability but it's spoken in Human language. It's dubbed Hypnosis an ability to control people to do things something Bloodies weren't immune to either. Besides Humans who could control people via their voice abilities were highly sought as prizes among the Humans used to protect their leaders including causing the United States' annexing attitude towards Brazil at the moment."
MacLeod frowned forming it on his lips he sensing his fanged teeth gnashing as Kiddy kept on speaking within his mind "There's a Human we Sages point the finger aimed at Father Barry for being responsible for that United States' leader the President to have an attitude of annexing countries as states including trying to annex the entire planet underneath one leader in the process. Father Barry won't deny this talk for we can hear spoken manoids' words and have been hearing this attitude spoken via him to the United States' President as an advisor of him in the government's office."
He frowned forming it on his lips to eye Father Barry warily as he sensed the Sages' quit their talk within his mind.
He sighed again and got from Father Barry speaking "The Sages point the finger of blame at me for being the one giving the United States' President's attitude of annexing countries as states?"
MacLeod gave a head bob in response but kept his mouth shut while still grinding his teeth he feeling his fangs digging into his lower lip. 
He kept his mouth shut as Father Barry spoke firmly "Alright one of the members of the High Council wound up transported onto the United States during the process of the transfer by the Meritanians doing it. That member is running the annexing attitude from behind the scenes actually with me doing that job out of being marked as a freak by King Winter's feeding onto me actually. Hence I going along with it for the acceptance I wanted. Besides the President when I tried to talk him out of that attitude really does have plans to annex a country in each continent as a part of the United States for purposes of war and peacekeeping forces. He doesn't give a damn if his annexing is seen as a global attempt to take over the entire planet something this High Council member or Elf is fueling at the moment."
He found Father Barry giving him a glare and got from the male "Don't deny it that there's Elves planet bound in hiding somewhere. You look twin to them with those ears of yours something they used to mark Bloodies they manipulated from Human form into a vampire form."
MacLeod spoke in response "I have a memory of having a scary horseback ride meeting dinosaurs in the process of meeting those Elves who took me from my scared status into another status as a Bloody I am now."
He clamped his mouth shut while feeling his ears finding them pointed as an Elf to his annoyance and gave Father Barry a glare who spoke in response "Just go to sleep now."
He found himself shutting his eyes as if compelled to lean back into the armchair and passed out unconscious.

MacLeod woke up with a loud gasp finding himself lying in a patch of grass with the moonlight blaring overhead as he found his eyes blinking night vision on and off. He grunted an annoyed sound and got up without a word to find himself lying on the lawn of the castle's residence he finding indentations of a flying machine on the grassed ground. MacLeod felt annoyance take hold as he recalled with a headache pounding in his head of falling asleep via the armchair only to wake up via Father Barry's voice orders of hypnosis. He recalled as if compelled that Father Barry ordered the Knightmen to allow them both free passage through the castle to outside on the lawn where the male held up a blinking device and pressed a button he hearing a faint beeping noise. MacLeod recalled hearing the noise sounded of a homing beacon to find a familiar Elf's warship coming from the sky to land onto the lawn nearby them. 
He recalled as his head pounded that Father Barry got him inside the warship the male overheard speaking to the Elves wearing black uniforms and masks "He came from Shadan as on admittance. It underwent some kind of change with manipulation of Edenia and Humania orbiting the planet. You want me to manipulate him to tell you the whole story on recorder?"
MacLeod recalled what happened next as he sat up hearing a throat clearing noise to find a Knightman next to him with arms folded a Tsk sounded from the male. He ignored the Knightman to get up recalling that Father Barry got him into a room on the warship with a recording device which he wound up compelled to give off his entire story of his existence on Shadan now called Aire including what he admitted to the male via talks. He grunted an annoyed sound as he again heard the familiar Tsk from the Knightman to stomp pass him going to the entrance finding the door open along with sensing the sun coming up by night vision blinking in and out. He darted inside followed by the Knightman to hear the door slam with a bang sound he grimaced from the noises as his head still pounded. 
MacLeod spoke firmly "Do something about my splitting headache now!"
He glared at Knightman who spoke in response "Your head pain suggests that you need a feeding from your body indicating it needs nourishment with that pain felt."
He gave up a Human sound of disgust in response and stomped to his sitting room sensing the Knightman following still giving off his annoying Tsk sounds. 
MacLeod glared at the Knightman once at the arrival to the sitting room's door he snarling loudly "Just tell me what's going on now! I'm anxious to get rid of this stinking pain of my head!"
He glared at the Knightman who in response opened the door to the sitting room while speaking "You have a visitor."
MacLeod grunted in response and walked into the room finding no one in sight to his disgust. He went to sit down in the armchair and recalled his helmet to find it on the table next to him. He jammed the helmet onto his head covering the area while again feeling his head still pounding away with a terrible headache. MacLeod grunted an annoyed sound as he found the visitor a male appearing into a light show.
 He recognized as a Nikolai a former food slave of King Nightwalker wearing food slave's pants who spoke "I submit to you Master MacLeod."
MacLeod groaned softly and without a word removed the helmet to place onto the table he finding the male not surprised to see him looking twin to a Bloody and appearing to look like Nightwalker despite the Elf ears. He ignored the look of expecting him to do something from the male in response got up and with a lock hold grabbed the servant. He proceeded to bite the male's neck via the jugular and found himself urged to feed off him via senses of blood spilling into his mouth. MacLeod found himself urged to suck the blood via his senses within him till he felt his head pain quit along with urge gone from him. He recalled Nightwalker's licking licked the puncture wounds shut with his rough tongue he feeling it rough like a cat to him. MacLeod gently put the male onto the floor and found two Knightmen arriving in view via hidden status that picked up the servant by the arms and hauled him unconscious out of the room. He resumed sitting in his armchair to put on his helmet he leaning back feeling disgusted with the Elves for changing him into a Bloody he forced to live like one. MacLeod kept on staring at the fire lengthy till he felt himself itching to sleep shut his eyes to pass out unconscious. 

MacLeod came from his sleeping status to hear an alarm clock ringing loudly he grunted from the noises and kept his eyes shut while rolling over in bed. He jerked open his eyes to find himself lying in bed when he felt a hand gripping his sensitive part in a tight grip. He sat up to find the hand's owner was Tanya from the looks of her face despite she having Elf ears and black long hair instead of her blond hair looks. MacLeod ignored Tanya he assumed he'll refer the female Elf by name's hold onto his sensitive part. He looked around as she straddled him he finding himself in a metallic room with a mattress on the floor while sensing himself filmed. He ignored the filming to find Tanya pushed him onto the mattress with her hands onto his chest and then proceeded to mate with him he rolling his eyes gasping loudly from the feel of himself inside her. MacLeod gave up a loud gasp once he spilled himself inside Tanya and didn't protest as she pulled him out of her and got up he sighed feeling himself urged to sleep which he obeyed. MacLeod came to finding himself again lying on grass with the night vision blinking on and off he finding a Knightman next to him giving off a loud Tsk sound. He found himself clad in his familiar armor instead of naked status only to realize his helmet was missing. He got up in a fast move and darted towards the residence's entrance as the sun broke out of the horizon he grunted as his helmet was thrust onto his hands. He in a fast move put on the helmet and found the sunlight blaring onto him he discovering his armor protecting him from the sun's dangerous glare. MacLeod sighed while looking around the lawn of the castle residence he finding the Elves' warship sitting next to him with entrance ramp open and an Elf standing tapping his foot. He frowned as the Elf jabbed a finger aimed at the direction to the entrance of the castle residence while giving him a glare despite masked. MacLeod didn't comment a response walked to the entrance while hearing Knightman besides him clanking away noisily he ignored. He went to the entrance to find the door open showing another Knightman standing waiting while tapping his foot. He ignored the tapping Knightman to go inside the castle to wander around the castle's passageways and hallways out of being too restless to stay in his sitting room. MacLeod found his explorations resulted into him going back to the familiar room where it held the gate room. 
He found his way blocked by a Knightman who spoke "You are valued as a leader of us. Please stay."
MacLeod found multiple Knightmen on his way to the gate room repeating their words which he ignored. He felt himself compelled to go to the gate room obeyed. He went to the gate room to find the metal gated arch no longer shining whiteness in the middle but darkness of blackness to him. MacLeod eyed the gate with annoyance running through him he figuring out that the gates weren't working on commands of Edenia and Humania willing them not to work. MacLeod didn't say a word in response felt an object placed onto his back giving off beeping noise as he felt himself compelled to go through the gate of blackness despite he screaming inside not to go. MacLeod went through and found himself falling unconscious.

End Part One
