Mariposa (2173)
Spacer Series Book 01: Ensign Chen
by B. B. Irvine

Copyright 2022 B. B. Irvine

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 01 - Mariposa
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER
17 January 2173 - Monday

The silver slashes of light intensified as she reached the climax. Now keep the beats steady. One, two, a two-three, four... 
The young woman slicing the air in the “court space” of the small gym on the science survey starship JOHN A. WHEELER was of Asian heritage, somewhat more distinctively so than most humans these days. Her short swords also added to a more timeless sense, for they were butterfly swords used in an ancient Earth fighting art from Asia – Wu-Shu. It was a form that was at least a thousand years old, and when Captain D. “Bert” Matisou and First Officer Commander Jason Takaguchi passed through on a ship inspection and planning tour, they stopped, Takaguchi’s mouth dropped open, and they looked at each other. 
What impressed Matisou was that the woman didn’t stop. She was working pretty hard – her crew T-shirt and sweatpants were dark with sweat – and wasn’t going to stop working out just because the captain walked into the gym during her P.E. time. And even he could see she was good – really good. That doesn’t mean she can actually fight with them, though, or what she’d be like unarmed... Who is she again? One of the mid-December newbies... He nudged Takaguchi. “The secondary tube? Where the optics cabling would run?” He was pointing to his EngDPaT screen map. It was an engineering version of the Data Pad and Transmitter unit, a duplicate of the one held by his first officer, borrowed from the chief engineer, who wanted them both back as soon as possible.
“Hm? Oh, yes, Captain. That’d be...” They moved off, looking along the wall.
They returned just as she finished moving and assumed a set position. She then straightened and smiled at Matisou. “Please excuse me, Captain. Good afternoon.” She bowed slightly, then nodded at Takaguchi. “Good afternoon, Commander.”
“Crewperson Chen. Good afternoon.” Matisou nodded. “That’s very impressive, Xiu-Li. May I?” He held out his hand.
“Thank you, sir. Of course.”
He took one of the swords and held it up. It was designed so the end of the blade could be removed and stowed inside the handle itself, making it smaller for travel. Memory metal assisted in locking it in either of the positions – and right now, it was a balanced and fully functional blade. Takaguchi, who had just looked on, now whistled. Matisou handed back the sword. “Traditional form?”
“Yes, sir. Wu-Wei Do; this is a wu-shu path butterfly sword. Originally from China.”
Matisou whistled. “Wu-Wei? That’s from the orbital and L-point construction period, isn’t it?” He had already found the sword form itself impressive, but if she was also a student of the zero G martial art system called Wu-Wei Do, that made her much more seriously trained than he’d expected. He noticed she had straightened slightly.
“Yes, sir. I learned it there. My mother was a hull buster after we left the South China Sea Arcology platform project.”
He nodded. “I see.” Matisou vaguely recalled the files on her from a month earlier, when she had joined the ship – something about her father dying in the seafloor quake that destroyed the huge arcology platform being built in the South China Sea. It made him look at her more closely, and he saw a resilience there he knew and recognized. This kid’s a fighter like I am – slow to anger, then watch out. “You’re in the Science Division, right? Engineering cross-trainee?”
Before she could answer the gym door slid open and an impatient looking Chief Engineer walked in. Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody was a Niv and suffered fools madly, it seemed. Time wasters qualified, as such, even a captain; but Matisou awed her, so she merely glared at him, then at Xiu-Li, the cause of their delay here, listening closely.
“Yes, sir. I’m on the systems integration team.”
“You’re something of an engineer, then.” Matisou smiled. “You know a lot about fighting, for an engineer.” Xiu-Li thought about Chief Engineer Threnody standing there, one of the best engineers in the whole InterWorld Group fleet – which was why she was here on survey starship WHEELER, charting the lesser known so far from home. I am going to have to evade his blunderjab gracefully here... 
Xiu-Li smiled, just slightly, which helped the next words come more prettily. “Excuse me, sir. I’m a scientist who can do simple engineering, to be fully honest, sir. It is Chief Threnody who’s the real engineer here.” She smiled wider – to dazzling. “As for knowing how to fight, sir, well... As a scientist I’ve seen that the universe gives up little without a struggle. This study calms my mind so I can think more clearly.”
“Very good.” Matisou looked at Takaguchi and glowered, keeping the first officer quiet, already anticipating the needling he’d be getting for not quite recalling enough details from the file – at the time she had joined the ship almost five weeks ago in mid-December the main focus for the crew had been the departure of the well liked Chandrasekhar Ray, the original ship systems integrations engineering officer, and a happy chance to get 2172’s Year End Day presents early. Xiu-Li Chen and two other Space Fleet crew had sort of slipped on board as new replacement crew and spent the last four weeks learning their duties, usually far away from the bridge (like cleaning the organic muck filters). Although he’d seen Xiu-Li up there in the big science station chair doing some overnight late watch shifts on the bridge, those were just basic introductions for emergencies and her eventual overnight watch rotations. Unlike Tealing, who was this trip’s “not my favorite Ensign,” she had otherwise not been on his mind – a good thing, meaning no problems. This kid is sharp. Matisou nodded at her. “Well, let’s not keep you from, ah, calming your mind.”
She straightened to attention and nodded her head. “Aye, sir.” She pivoted, came to attention and bowed toward the floor she had worked out on, then she straightened and picked up her towel, heading for the locker area as Matisou led the smirking Takaguchi and a slightly less annoyed looking Threnody out of the gym.

XIU-LI
In the locker room, Xiu-Li made a face. Correcting the Captain! Shaking her head, she opened her locker. Not my best encounter! 
Still, calling her an engineer in front of Threnody – she had to set that record straight away before Chief Threnody took offense that a lowly “sci-crewie” like herself would dare to dream of calling herself an engineer yet (even if she did have a degree in bioengineering; it was her degree in physics that had mattered – far emissions phenomena being so very critical in remote sensor design). Xiu-Li also suspected her medic crosstraining was what had got her the slot over Applebit, who was trained in specimens sciences, art preservation, and curation, crosstrained on computer systems – but on a system older than WHEELER was running, thanks to Threnody’s upgrades! Nevertheless: Fifteen extra minutes on the beach for conduct unbecoming a student of Wu-Wei Do! 
Since she had first started to study martial arts, meditation had been a part of her life; once she was confirmed as a Wu-Wei Do student, her teacher had given her a specific exercise to follow: the mental creation of an island with areas devoted to specific categories of thought or actions. Over the past ten years she had gotten a “beach at high noon” (for wakefulness, health, and use as punishment), and also at “sunset into night” (health, sleep, sex), as well as “the fighting field” (where she put one of her oldest visuals, her original “training room,” inside a shack out there), and “her room” (a setting for fantasies). 
It wasn’t all for fun: something as tranquil as a beach image could also be used as discipline – fifteen minutes at high noon on a windless beach would make the presence of a lovely ocean just torture, although it also presented a realistic distraction as it would in real life. 
Yes, it was all in her head, but it was a quite an exercise in memory to get it created, especially in an age so many relied solely upon electronic means – people rarely wrote by hand any longer. No one seemed to think they would ever lose power, especially those on the big starships using cold fusion plants for internal power. 
Hmm... Maybe if she perfectly visualized a sand crab digging in, she might... Earn some fun – later – After the beach, Chen Xiu-Li! (Correcting the Captain! Aaah!) Oh, well. The air hushed slightly as someone entered. Xiu-Li started putting some workout things away.
“Oh, hi, Jool!” said Julissa Martines. She was an Ensign in the Science Division, a very good meteorologist and the expert in atmospheres, with a water geology subspecialty (evaluating past signs of water at work on rock).
“Hey, Julissa,” replied Xiu-Li, who was a Science Division crewper. Julissa was her senior but she had been very nice since Xiu-Li had joined WHEELER, nicest of the very nice crew (which had accepted her pretty quickly), and Xiu-Li’s bridge station trainer (the most intensely exciting thing she had done so far – and that was in the dead-of-night watch with nothing at all going on except a basic “in-flight” ship scan while they were routinely en route in hyperflight).
“Going in, or getting done?” asked Julissa, looking at the bag.
“Getting done. You?”
“Getting a tuneChip out of my locker.” She looked at the chrono and back. “You going on watch?”
“Nope, just off.” Xiu-Li closed her locker. “Ouch.” She wiggled her shoulders. “That shower will be great!”
Julissa closed her locker. “I could massage that for you, if you’d like. Forbben traded my watch today for tomorrow; he’s got a shore leave approved, the lucky sh – spacebug!” she scowled, then smiled at Xiu-Li. “Anyway, I am suddenly off, and I find myself ready to relax and celebrate a change in routine.” She did not look away.
Xiu-Li felt herself flush. Her heart began to beat harder, and she felt nervous. Was there a new possibility here? Right now it was just being “a helpful friend,” but... Hmmm.
If she and Julissa began to spend time together, it would be added to the ship’s rumor server – but so what? Her past affair with a male senior student during her junior year at Space University (Earth) had already been thoroughly dissected, Xiu-Li was certain – it had been torrid (and in retrospect, less discreet than they had imagined), and he had many friends in the fleet who had made fun of his early elimination from that year’s Skills And Arts Tournament at the hands and feet of his own girlfriend – but he was a good man, and they had parted as friends when he’d graduated at last. Discreet? Not really – many people had heard about that, just as they had heard about her going to the holos with Javier Nunez, the helm underwatch (and a nice guy, but a pretty cocky pilot-type who was in general more interested in himself than her – oh well).
Julissa’s nickname was “Mariposa,” but some called her “fickle,” because she moved from love to love like a butterfly to flowers. Xiu-Li had been sleeping alone for just about a year and a half now – senior year required that level of focus, and she’d been station to station until arriving on WHEELER – and well, she was ready to rejoin the human race that way. And if another lone “Mariposa” was inclined to flutter by her way, maybe she would, or maybe... Maybe not, it wasn’t like she was a Sister, she had never actually – ohhh, it’s so cold outside these walls, though – Xiu-Li would not say “no” tonight. Anyway, she was probably reading too much into it, because she had generally been a loner (except for the few she had let into her life). Julissa’s just being nice. 
Xiu-Li smiled. “That would be very nice, Julissa.”
Julissa smiled. “Great! Listen, you might as well wait, to shower off the oil as well – let me meet you at your quarters in...?”
“I’m going straight there. So whenever you get there will be fine. Thanks, Julissa.”

MATISOU
“So she says ‘to be honest, I’m a scientist who can do simple engineering!’” Matisou could just about overhear Takaguchi talking to Enronn Debitts, the helmsman and second tactical officer. Aria Threnody was at the engineering station reviewing the day logs and would be coming on as overnight watch officer. 
Matisou was reasonably content at the moment. Planetfall at Cape Of Velvet was coming up with “shore and exploratory leaves” planned – he hoped to get some hiking and climbing done with Jason on both. He had a list of samples to collect – IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER was out on survey duty, after all. If they happened to return with rock samples from every major planetary range or Highest Mountain Base, well, it was all data. Besides, finding ocean fossils in the high ranges on the Earth had revealed plate tectonics. Who knew what secrets the ranges on Cape Of Velvet held? 
Debitts was talking with Takaguchi, and whatever he said made the first officer’s jaw drop. This must be good, thought Matisou, getting up and stepping closer. “Gentlemen? A point of interest regarding crew skills?”
Takaguchi still seemed unable to cope. “But – she’s too pretty!” he finally blurted, then blushed and shut up.
Matisou looked at Debitts. “Lieutenant?”
“I was just telling the Commander about the University’s Arts Skills Tournament,” said the Chief Helmsman. That was a martial arts competition.
“She won in 2171 and 2172!” cried Takaguchi.
Matisou was puzzled. “In what class?”
Debitts took a breath. “Well, sir, they changed the whole finals process in 2170. No matter what type of skill you entered with, you ultimately compete in a worse case scenario, sometimes more than one. In 2171 they went with zero G for the final, after conventional fighting en route. She beat everyone en route, and then the finalist.” He grinned. “I remember I made a friendly wager with a friend, and was he pissed when she won!”
“It was unexpected? Why?”
Debitts shrugged. “My friend’s one of the training officers at the University. Chen entered the University on a special five year program when she was 17. For three years she was never more than a very fast, competent fighter during training exercises, who professed a non-violence philosophy at all times and seemed reluctant to actually fight. She entered the Space University Tournament after she, uhh,” he dropped his voice, “Learned about the artifacts – and, well, she ‘had permission for a demonstration of her skills against the universe’ is the way my friend said she described it.”
Takaguchi stared at him. “She said something like that, and you still bet on her?”
Debitts scowled back. “I knew her mother. I suspected Xiu-Li might know a lot more than she was going to show a roomful of plain average Fleet cadets with things to prove and an instructor looking for mere perfection in basics. But not to show off, or even because she could. Her mother gave her permission, maybe even directed her.”
Matisou nodded. “That’s how Xiu-Li learned Wu-Wei Do. Her mother was a hull tank buster.” Wu-Wei Do was an art born of loneliness, and large but contained zero G spaces in which to work out action and reaction. Not exactly a “secret” art, it was not one ever taught formally in any University or by any military; in fact, no one knew how to find a real teacher at all. Students had been observed and the results noted: it outmatched any military zero G combat system ever developed by either Earth orbital or Belt military combat trainers in response to the challenges of combat in a zero G environment (where Newtonian physics meant unless one knew how to grip or anchor to an opponent, a good punch – in fact, any contact at all – would send both parties flying in opposite directions).
“Exactly, sir. Naturally, her mother never explicitly spoke about it to me, but we discuss fighting whenever I’m near Earth and can visit – she made the mistake of admitting she’d learned the butterfly sword as a little girl, so she never pretended she hadn’t learned a little bit of something.” Debitts smiled in recollection. Matisou looked over at Takaguchi and they grinned, then Matisou cleared his throat to remind Debitts where he was. “Oh, sorry, sir. It was quite a shock when a junior at 52 kilos beat the 101 kilo, 3 year past champion, and 2171 senior class Tactical cadet leader ‘Kilo Beast’ Kippsk.”
Matisou nodded. “Impressive.” He saw Jason seemed bursting to speak. “There was a problem?” 
“They ‘fixed’ it the next year! Tell ‘im, Enronn.” Takaguchi looked at Matisou. “Now, get this, Captain!”
Debitts coughed. “There were some, um, speculations that they might’ve come up with a final scenario designed to eliminate her – in 2172 the finals included a free spinning ‘heavy gravity’ scenario as well as zero G, and most of the conventional fighters were going after Xiu-Li Chen, specifically.”
Matisou looked at them. “Anything personal about that, or all in good sport?”
Debitts was shocked. “No, sir!” He shook his head, scowling. “Her fighting style, sir, I meant to say. There has never been anything personal, sir. Not that I heard, anyway. She doesn’t seem to have ever bothered peers or officers; no demerits, good team player, gets the job done quickly and very well; even the usual group of real idiots in every year class were no worse than neutral in their comments.” He again shook his head. “The 2172 Testing Committee felt the universe the University is now preparing students for needed better than simple, ‘traditional’ athletic competitions. They made it into something like a war game, with a ‘raider’ scenario to reflect possible boarding actions by, umm, well, anyone – and there were a series of tactical tasks in which there was an active opposition – from the instructors as well as competitors.”
“I recall Commander Baptiste at the University saying he was interested in trying out something like that.”
“Yes, sir.” Debitts grinned. “In 2172 Danilo Chaves entered Earth Space University. He was raised in a family that ran fully traditional anthropologic martial arts schools teaching ancient Wing Chun, then he added boxing in middle school, and passed through opponent after opponent in every division across all years in the fall and spring terms throughout his first year.” He grinned – like a wolf. “In the June 2172 Finals, 102 kilo Danilo ‘Sticky Death’ Chaves, a freshman regarded as unbeatable – as it seemed Xiu-Li never did any fighting until the day the tournament started, so she wasn’t seen as even in training for it – came in against 55 kilo Xiu-Li Chen in her senior year.” Debitts chuckled.
Matisou grinned at him. “Your friend lose again?”
“Yes, sir. No one scored a point. In fact, that was Chaves’ only goal, in the final round – just get a single point.”
Matisou looked surprised. “She’s that Chen?”
“Yes, sir.” Debitts grinned. “You have heard of her.”
Matisou was thoughtful. “Yes – but I did not expect that Chen to be on my ship in the Science Division.” Usually people who trained in the martial arts tended to gravitate into the Tactical Division, as Tactical seemed a good career match for those already so inclined.
Debitts looked just slightly mournful. “No, sir. She’s never made tactical one of her career track interests – she’s been strictly science and medical.” He looked at the forward viewscreen array. “She said she felt she needed to demonstrate she was prepared against the unknown, but she does not believe in fighting.”
“Like a Niv Paxian.” Takaguchi looked at Matisou. “If she graduated the University after five years, why isn’t she an ensign?” He raised his eyebrow at the captain. That would have been the usual rank at graduation for anyone with good grades and record, especially in the Five Year Program.
Matisou sighed. “We had a crewper-rank opening on WHEELER. I couldn’t take an ensign in science, and she isn’t quite hard ‘engineering’ enough for that Division. Once two candidates were announced, one opted for his true rank over an opening, and so Chen joined us – at a crew rating.” He looked at them. 
No one said anything, but everyone was pleased with Xiu-Li for making a tough career call; they all recognized the kindred spirit they shared with her (it cleared her with Takaguchi forever – he’d gotten reports from all of his people on how good she was; even Threnody had been impressed, and now his last lingering question had been resoundingly answered). 
“Anyway,” continued Matisou, “she’s crosstrained as a medic. You know how much we need those – and she’s doing a good job with the integration team. Ray told me he asked a friend to pick the best, and that’s what I’m hearing.” He chuckled. “Sounds like she’ll be promoted to ensign soon enough.”
“In science,” Debitts sighed. “My Division can’t seem to get a break these days.”

XIU-LI
Xiu-Li’s quarters were near the gym and she got her things neat and tidy before Julissa chimed the door ten minutes later. 
Julissa had a kit bag in her hand. She took out a plasbottle of scented oil, another bottle of aromatic scent and several small fingerbowls. Candles were frowned upon in space except for profound ceremonial or memorial occasions; their use was permitted but required a lengthy form, filled out well in advance (or else the open flame was subject to FIRE protocols, which had turned more than one romantic situation into an full ship alert “UNKNOWN FIRE THREAT [!DRILL!]” before folks got the idea all of the rules had to be followed on this one). Next came some lightcubes and two plasglas “muscle rollers” – one shaped like a dolphin.
Julissa pulled the “couch coaster” off the couch/sleep platform, took a silky tarpaulin from her kit bag, and spread it over the platform. “Lie down, okay? On your stomach,” said Julissa. She smiled. 
Xiu-Li lay down gratefully – she’d spent her last watch running the new optic bundles up and down every accelerator tube arm around the engine core section. She watched Julissa pour aromatic oil in the fingerbowls, which she then placed around the room on top of her light cubes. It wasn’t scented candles, but it certainly relaxed the room.
Julissa saw Xiu-Li stretch like a cat and heard the sigh, almost a purr. Julissa grinned; Xiu-Li had looked so tired and sore Julissa had felt it all the way across the locker room, but Xiu-Li was one of those matter-of-fact hardcore Fleet types who thought one was supposed to feel crappy half the time or the Service wasn’t getting proper work out of her. Julissa had actually heard two of the guys kidding around about how one wished, “Xiu-Li would take my cable up the arm” – she knew the recabling project was one of the sorts of chores they put all “newbies” on, to see if they had an aptitude for crawling through the hull spaces in search of sensor mounts and junction spaces, or climbing up the antimatter arms to see if they had a head for heights. She knew Xiu-Li had been “climbing Mt. Jeffries” for eight hours, with or without some snotty (or surly) engineering type along, one of “the Niv Wrench Dogs.”
So Julissa had been surprised that Beckett – big, not supposed to be bright Beckett – had snapped out, “No talk like that ‘round here, son. She cut a whole day off the job just today alone.” He had been the engineer along, and was usually a surly-type, but evidently Xiu-Li had impressed him. 
Addams had thrown up his hands. “Sorry, big guy!” Addams was a pretty-boy glib talker, not too bad on the job, but a terrible Service climber and personally shallow.
“S’not like that, neither!” growled Beckett, scowling, and Addams moved along before his mere presence got Beckett any surlier (Addams was clueless that Beckett had a boyfriend and Beckett didn’t want any crew rumors to start about he and Xiu-Li)… The oil Julissa had put in the palm of her hand poured slowly over Xiu-Li’s bare golden back. 
“Mm. Wow,” Xiu-Li sighed. “Mm-mm.” As soon as Julissa’s fingers dug in, Xiu-Li murmured and stretched again for a moment. “Grrgrrgrrrr.” The muscles played and danced against Julissa’s fingertips, then Xiu-Li sighed and relaxed completely. “Rrrrr...” She continued to purr periodically as Julissa went to work, aware how the air had suddenly heated.
Well – Julissa was uncertain what she wanted to do, exactly. Given how much work she had put her body through today, Xiu-Li might be tired, or... It would just be embarrassing to be clumsy and shot down because she was sort of stumbling along...
“Mmmm... Right there,” murmured Xiu-Li.
“Here?”
“Mm-Mm-Mmm! Ooo!” 
Julissa was using a shiatsu point for a pressure technique that was painful, but after her initial yelp, Xiu-Li was silent as Julissa worked on the sore muscle and on what her approach to... Hmm. “Did you have to climb the arms today, Jool?”
“Mmm, yeah. Oh, it seemed so, I dunno... Powerful up there, but I know it’s in my head.”
“A lot of steep climbs, though.”
“Yeah... Mmm... I hear the Captain and Commander Takaguchi are some serious trekkers and climbers.”
“Mm-hmm... Did you run across Addams anywhere today? I was looking for him earlier.”
“Yeah. I think he’s doing a double split watch.”
“D’you think he’s cute?”
“In a vacant way, yeah. Like a holo-model.”
Julissa giggled. “Ouch.”
“He’s nice enough, but he’s just not that pretty, you know? I’d bet he spends more time fixing his hair and uniform every day than the both of us combined. Not quite my type.”
“Oh really?... Well, who is your type?”
Xiu-Li turned her head and looked at Julissa. “Anywhere, or just here on the ship?”
Julissa’s heart sank slightly. Well, she’s not a ‘Sister.’ “Here on the ship.”
Xiu-Li turned her head down again so Julissa could work on her neck. “Herkle; the Captain; Javier Nunez – but I’m not ‘fast’ enough to be his type – ohh... Aria.” Xiu-Li giggled. “Her eyes. I think she has the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever seen. Oh, sorry, that’s not nice.”
Hmm – Aria’s eyes? Well – Probably still not a ‘Sister,’ Spacedamn it! “Dopey Jimmy Herkle?” said Julissa, feeling Xiu-Li giggle under her fingertips. “Okay, I know, yeah, okay, he’s got a lot more character than Addams – but as far as looks go?” Julissa snorted. “I mean, be serious.”
“Looks aren’t everything,” said Xiu-Li. “Look at me – fairly standard Earth female, family origin China, which gives me my eyes, hair and...” She giggled. “When I was a senior in the University, I heard one student tell another that I looked like a Niv professor and the other one said, ‘Male or female?’” Xiu-Li laughed. “I’ve never had a man complain in bed about a spacedamn thing yet.”
Julissa gulped and said, “Well, your back is done. Why not roll over and let me judge myself?”
Xiu-Li giggled and rolled over onto her back, eyes closed, a cute smile on her face. She wasn’t as busty as Aria Threnody or the communications officer, Ensign Tania Manda... But Xiu-Li’s slightly taller, leaner frame was beautifully proportioned, with muscle tone in every major area, the result of martial arts. Her heart shaped face was now damp, serene, not the hard face of serious, sharply blank self-denial she always wore out on deck. “See what I mean?” asked Xiu-Li.
“You’re beautiful, Xiu-Li.” Julissa began to massage Xiu-Li’s outer hips and flat belly. “Those cadets were just being mean.” She started to work her way down Xiu-Li’s thigh. “Do you have a favorite martial arts kick?”
“Mmm... Side kick is most efficient, but my personal favorite is a jumping spinning hook kick.”
“Ooooh. That sounds dangerous.” Julissa was wondering how to best follow up the “Aria’s eyes” reference.
“Mmmm... Thanks, Julissa,” Xiu-Li sighed and looked at her. “You’ve been really nice to a junior sister,” she said very carefully, then she started laughing at Julissa’s expression.
“You-you –” spluttered Julissa. “You’re a – I’m –” Julissa rolled her eyes. “You are such a tease, Xiu-Li.” She giggled.
“I’m sorry. It’s been a long time since I’ve had a chance to meet and be with anybody – you know how crazy senior year is, and with WHEELER as a dream slot out there somewhere. Anyway, I thought from the beginning you were the nicest one of a whole bunch of nice people, and – mmpf!” Julissa kissed her, fingers running over her warm skin. Xiu-Li sighed and shivered, Julissa holding her as they kissed... 
Moments later, Julissa sighed and shook her head. “You know that, as your senior sister, I am not going to allow such teasing to go unpunished.”
Xiu-Li tensed slightly, then relaxed. “I am sorry, sister. Perhaps a sharper declaration might have led me to the obvious, for I was uncertain, and too tired to see. My apologies. How may I serve you?”
Julissa blushed. She’s right. Feisty of her to put it that way... Hmm... “I will be clearer in the future. I understand you spent your whole watch on the fiber optics project?”
“Yes.”
“And you didn’t even get to shower yet.”
“N-no.” Xiu-Li swallowed and shivered. “The massage was really nice. Thank you, Julissa.” Xiu-Li was a bright pink now. 
Julissa giggled. “Now, do we agree you teased your senior Sister in a deliberate manner?”
Xiu-Li nodded. “Yes, m’am.” She sighed, then smiled. Why not?
“Any statements in your defense?”
“Julissa, you are so beautiful I was afraid to say anything... Because I’m new around here.” Because I only kissed a girl, once, but I’ve never really been a “Sister” – I just learned what to say, and I’m lonely enough tonight in my cozy room moving through cold, vast space that I took a chance, and refuse to resist your throwing yourself at me... 
“You can... Can call me Lissa, if you want to, Xiu-Li.” Julissa said softly, and then she touched Xiu-Li’s cheek. “I mean, all that ‘domme’ stuff is sort of fun to talk, but really, I’m…” She shrugged. “You know –” 
“Lissa.” Xiu-Li reached up and put a finger over Julissa’s lips.
Chapter 02 - Regarding Niv 
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER 
21 January 2173 - Friday

XIU-LI
They were en route to Cape Of Velvet, 21 light years “south” of Earth. After Velvet, they would next visit system HD-19373, just over fifty three light years from Velvet, for a re-survey mission. Hyperflight took time, and these were two star systems farthest from Earth; at a ratio of one week of time for every four light years of distance, it was a five week long trip to Velvet from Earth.
It was Xiu-Li’s longest trip in hyperflight so far. She had studied past naval history, and had decided JOHN A. WHEELER was closest in function to an “aircraft carrier-sized submarine,” with the vacuum of space on the other side of the hull, not crushing watery blackness. Just as on a long underwater submarine cruise, they spent many weeks to months cut off from the outside, and then re-emerged to a busy universe. Five weeks – thirty five days, just over a month – was a long time. Toward the end, it took a toll: Chief Engineer Aria Threnody went crazy for a night, after drinking. It was at a private officer-level anniversary party.
Xiu-Li’s watch time the past days was spent trying to fine-tune the vast net of sensors while they were in use – not easy – and the runs had task points which required her availability for as much as 30 hours straight through, although she did get two thirty minute naps. But her trips for coffee and the endless prowls of corridors and Jiffi tubes meant she saw the Tactical Quick Response Team responding to round up an intoxicated Niv female who was just headed toward her quarters to sleep it off, and Xiu-Li could hear what happened next.
It sounded as if Threnody had subsided in her singing (in a very beautiful but very loud voice of) a truly obscene song – after the Tac Q.R.T. lieutenant asked her to. Then as she walked toward her quarters area, someone on the Tac Q.R.T. may have pushed her. The supremely cool and analytical Niv officer was drunk, but she now said quite clearly, “You do not need to push me, Lieutenant, I am responding as you have requested.”
There was a male response – “Fekking Niv (muffled)” – then a pair of tapping thumps. Male response: “Grr! Get her!” There was a whole series of thumps and grunts, and Xiu-Li leaned out of the Jiffi tube opening to peek into the corridor, where the team had been thrown around like cheap ‘bots. 
Threnody dodged the last one – the Lieutenant, who was now trying to call for help. She slapped his comm away. He kicked her shin – no response on the face of the engineering chief, who looked so terribly sad and tired...
– then the lieutenant launched a series of fairly good looking attacks. He was a powerful young man capable of very punishing blows, and his attempts at kicks and punches might have hurt any other person on board except perhaps Commander Takaguchi or Xiu-Li – and also, as it became apparent, the Niv Chief Engineer, who was from a culture most usually self-described as “neutral, peace loving, and non-judgemental,” (to be fair, the code of conduct and state of existence most often observed).
To Xiu-Li, it looked like Threnody merely slapped the incoming fists, elbows, knees, kicks and lock-up attempts away, one after the other, now matter how many or how fast, until the snarling Lieutenant (who was long since frustrated enough to kill) just grabbed her neck in his hands and tried to choke her.
Threnody swept her arm up to break his grip and gather both of his arms in the crook of her right arm as she stepped a half step closer in toward him and thrust her fingers against the surprised man’s neck, blocking both carotid arteries. He looked shocked, then his eyes fluttered as he passed out. 
Threnody sighed. “You fekkin’ idiot,” she said, and lowered him to the deck, careful he didn’t strike his head as she did. “I’m not that drunk!” Then she walked the short distance to the aft bulkhead door, then through it to her quarters beyond.
Xiu-Li sighed and stepped forward. 

MATISOU
Captain Matisou looked cool despite being woken from sleep. He arrived as the Lieutenant was settled into the carry-cradle on top of the response cart, his protests stopping the moment he saw the Captain was now present. Matisou saw four other carts with conscious, groaning Tac Q.R.T.-A members wearing imobilfoam on various limbs, and three Tac Q.R.T.-A members conscious, but a bit dazed, seated on the deck while the Doctor, an ensign, and two other crew – one was that newbie, Crewper Chen – attended to them. The Tac Q.R.T.-B squad was arriving, taking reponse carts, and heading toward the Medical Section, while the Tac Q.R.T.-B medics started helping with the last three Q.R.T.-A crew on the deck (one of whom seemed to be in shock).
Matisou took a deep breath, looked at the engine section hatch just down the corridor... Then down at Crewperson Chen, who was busy with imobilfoaming an ankle on one tac crewper while two Q.R.T.-B medics did a tricky thigh/hip on the shocky-looking Tac-A crewper. He tapped his comm. “Bridge, Captain Matisou. Please stand down, Commander Takaguchi. More to follow.”
“Aye, Captain,” replied his first officer. 
The doctor stood up. “Let’s not chance it – put them all on response carts once we’ve cleared some, which won’t take long, and then bring them in.” He looked at Matisou. “Captain – no critical injuries, at least, but this will be a busy night for us.” He scowled. “It is apparent that –” His voice trailed off. 
Matisou’s open, pleasant face was drained of blood, giving him a cold and deadly look, the effect much heightened by the dead calm in his eyes and face. His blood flow was the only thing beyond Captain Matisou’s control, and he was not going to use the Doctor or anyone else as a lightning rod. 
Lieutenant Commander Doctor Kevin Truhart, doctor and medical officer on board WHEELER, took a moment to consider the events through his captain’s – and old friend’s – eyes: His chief engineer drank too much (at the captain’s anniversary party they were all at), sang a nasty song in the corridor during the long walk to her quarters aft in the drive section, had a “disorderly crew, identity unknown” called in on her; in the resulting response, an eight member Tac team is taken out of action, and although there were no witnesses, there had to be something to account for this. Explanations would be required – the call-in was on the record... As the medical records would also be. Truhart looked down. “It’s apparent I’m needed in the Medical Section immediately, Captain. I’ll bank an update.” He looked up.
“Thank you, Doctor Truhart.” Matisou’s voice was pleasantly modulated, but Truhart knew it was too even not to be affected by rage. Yet the captain’s eyes were now warmer. “I will keep you fully advised as well, as I am able. My congratulations on your Med Q.R.T.”
Truhart shook his head. “It’s nothing so formal, sir. Commander Takaguchi has maintained that we can operate with Tac Q.R.T. medic team members as first responders, and that’s mostly who was here tonight, as he would observe, were I to make any comment at all.” He turned and started to follow the three response carts now carrying the remaining Tac Q.R.T.-A members to the Medical Section. “I alerted my informal network after that crewgirl there called it in. She did all of the triage.” He disappeared through the hatch and into the corridor to Medical.
Xiu-Li flushed. Had he really just called her a “crewgirl”? And was it as insulting as it sounded, or just one of those terms related to her rookie status? That he was using slang at all might even be a sign of respect. 
She was now in the corridor alone with Captain Matisou. He peered at her. “Fine-tuning the new sensor package?”
“Yes, sir.”
He checked a chrono. “Hmm. I know we’re on a run – but do you have time for some coffee?”
“I-I’d love to, sir. I-I-I was on my way to get some when I just dropped into the corridor from a jiffi and found everybody laid out.”
He nodded but didn’t answer, just motioned toward the mess section. The Continuous Overwatch coffee station had no customers; the ensign on duty squeaked and vanished into the kitchens when he saw them, but Matisou entered his code and they went into the mess. Being Captain meant Chef always had fresh coffee available at any time, in this case almost in the time it took to enter and proceed to the Captain’s Booth – in a far corner alcove, with a large crysglas window for a view during travel in normal space, and a door that could be closed for private meetings.
The chef/quartermaster’s officer on WHEELER was an intense lieutenant named Lucas Kimonetti, with cross-training and compuSys scores full of glowing references from the Tactical Division. He wanted to cook slightly more than he wanted to fight, and his rank and skills mix made him perfect for WHEELER’s survey mission.
The Konawian was superb (there was even fullcaff for her and decaff for the Captain) served in big vacmugs by an alert, dapper Kimonetti – even in the wee hours – who made sure they were not also hungry, and that the coffee was good, then vanished back into his kitchen, there to resume his wait for the Captain’s call.
They sat down at the table looking at the wall sized high def holo-screen over the window – the best one could manage during hyperflight transit, where there was no light to see. The screen was set to the starfields of the next port of call’s space, to allow study and give a chance to become familiar with them (and to distract the crew from the actual limbo of hyperflight – it was anyone’s guess what was actually on the other side of a starship’s hull during hyperflight, but humans went with optimism and showed the next starfields they would be seeing upon arrival).
Captain Matisou gave her a glance. “What happened, Xiu-Li? I need to know.”
Xiu-Li told him what she had heard. “Then the thumps stopped, and when I stepped into the corridor, the Tac Q.R.T. was on the deck and the corridor was otherwise empty of life. I alerted the Doctor and requested a Med Q.R.T. Then I sorted the injuries out and just kept working until we finished.” She sipped her coffee.
“Congratulations, Crewperson Chen.” Captain Matisou lifted his mug. “You’re now our Med Q.R.T.”
“Sir? I –” Matisou looked at her. It was his “Duty Look:” if Xiu-Li felt she was truly unqualified or unfit for this duty, now was her chance to speak – then “bear all the consequences of such an utterance,” as the Space Consortium Ship Practices Manual put it. “I want to thank you for this opportunity,” she finished. Great! Now I’ll spend all my ship service time doing zero G rescue training!
Her captain smiled, nodded, and sipped his coffee.
Oh, well... better get a haircut. Xiu-Li took a sip of hers.
Matisou looked at the table in front of them. “I’ve never seen so messy a team exercise. Or so many crew members misjudging their moves by such large margins that they cause each other serious falls and other injuries. It’s simply awful.”
So that’s the play. Xiu-Li looked at him. “And the anti-Niv slurs?”
He looked at her. Her tone was light, her face was neutral, and yet there was no weakness in her delivery of speech or its content. It was the crux of their problem – a possible racial slur. “An imitation of a recently newsworthy situation, used in a training exercise. A poorly made, highly incorrect choice, because of possible situations like this one.” Matisou sighed. “Unless I hear from an eye witness who can tell me some specifics, I’ll be speaking to the lieutenant soon to let him know just how detrimental one more such incident would probably be to his so far previously successful career.”
“Captain, his sentiment has support in Space Fleet.”
Matisou looked cold. “He will have no support left anywhere if he makes another outright slur. Period. I am not going to tolerate it against a fellow crewper, and certainly not against one with her record in the service of Space Fleet.” He looked at Xiu-Li. “Sufficient?”
She was uncomfortable. “I am... Uncertain.”
Matisou looked troubled. “If the party in question does not want to push this, will you? You can, of course. You were there.” He nodded. “I support you in advance if you were to say that you feel a full inquiry is needed.”
Xiu-Li looked at the window. The stars seemed to twinkle, but they were just images at the moment. She looked back at Matisou. “Captain, this solution seems to work, but it doesn’t feel right; it feels – false. Not strong.”
Matisou straightened in his seat, nodding. “Crewperson Chen, you are quite correct again,” he said gravely. He shook his head. “Make this a new exercise in your command studies – Keep in mind there is no one as ‘aggrieved party.’ What solutions can you come up with, Crewper?” 
Xiu-Li flushed. “I heard him!”
“‘Fekking’ is a common ter –”
“Captain Matisou,” she broke in, “terms involving expletives and race are highly likely to be a racially motivated slurs, especially when modified by whatever word or words I did not hear.”
“Crewperson Chen,” he said quietly. “No one on this ship is more aware of and sensitive to the human costs of bias than I am.”
Xiu-Li found herself sitting at attention, looking down at her hands folded neatly on the table. “I apologize, sir. I never expected to hear a crewmate say anything like that, and it really shook me up.”
“Shook up? Doctor Truhart said that you expertly triaged eight injured people.”
She looked at him. “Well, I wasn’t shook up that way.”
“That’s why you’re the new Medical Q.R.T.” Matisou chuckled.
Xiu-Li tilted her head. “With all respect sir – and again, I’m sorry about just now – I can be a first responder, but I can’t be the ‘solo’ responder.” She straightened. “Unless I have to be, sir.”
Matisou smiled slightly. “I know you’ve been without much sleep, Xiu-Li, and your heart is for the service. As for your Q.R.T., no worries – you won’t be alone.” He stood up. “I have to check in with the good Doctor. Be certain you take your nap breaks – your best questions come when you’re less fatigued.”
Xiu-Li blinked and grinned. “Aye, sir.”
Captain “Bert” Matisou went down the corridor to the Medical Section. He thought he’d struck the right tone with Chen, who needed to be fair but never righteous if she was to be the officer they needed. Quick Response Team duty was what he had ensigns for, and he’d add ensigns to her Q.R.T. until she was promoted herself – on the June cycle, most likely – and was officially able to lead the team. Putting her on now as a nucleus gave him a chance to see how she trained and handled a small group command, and the way her fellow crew responded to it.
He knew some of his officers were going to be unhappy with his pick of a Crew rating for such a critical job – even though they had not been keeping up with their own medical cross-training certificates, as his medical officer tartly reported to him when he inquired about, “Chen as new Medical Q.R.T.,” and qualifications versus rank.
Truhart had decided to stagger the surgical repairs and wait for swelling to undergo initial resolution in the fractured joints. He was checking the imaging on Kiernan’s ankle before removing the imobilfoam to treat it when Matisou entered the treatment area from the rear entry. His question wasn’t unreasonable (they were a small bubble village in space, so managing personalities was a prime task of the senior officers). Truhart had been impressed by Chen’s work in triaging eight injured crew; he was quite unimpressed with officers who envied competence but weren’t up to date, and he said so. Bluntly.
Matisou winced. He looked at Kiernan’s closed eyes and shot Truhart a look.
Truhart waved his hand. “She’s under fieldsleep – I’m going to stabilize her ankle now and call it an overnight crisis for me until the coolers bring down the swelling and I can fix the rest tomorrow morning.” He yawned. “Sorry, sir.”
Matisou sighed. “You don’t mean every one of my officers has lapsed their medical certs, do you?”
The doctor studied the screen and activated the holo unit. The broken ankle bones appeared inside the projection cylinder. “No...” He started to walk around the cylinder, studying the holo. “No, but it’s a half of your ensigns and a third of your lieutenants.”
Matisou frowned. “Kevin, did you already tell me this?”
“Yes, Bert, I did. And I told Jason. And I told Aria. I have never felt this was so critical I had to involve anyone else.” He looked over at Matisou. “Jason made a reasonable observation about our record: where an emergency response was needed, our emergency medical response inside the ship has been 100 percent. There are a number of first responders who report as needed.”
“I know, Kevin.” Matisou sighed. “Look, it’s late, I’m tired, so’re you. If you’re finished lambasting me for missing that ‘critical signal,’ I want Chen to be lead Medical Q.R.T. responder, and I’m seeking your approval.” The holo distorted Truhart’s face as he went behind it.
“You must be tired, Captain!” Truhart chuckled. “Of course!” 
Matisou nodded, smiled – then frowned. “Please expand.”
Truhart looked up from the holo. “She’s the daughter of the woman who was first commander of S.A.R. Wing Zero.”
Matisou frowned. “But her name is –” He arched an eyebrow.
Truhart nodded. “Yes. That’s Xiu-Li Chen’s mother, though. Our Crewper Chen was going out on Search-And-Rescue runs between Earth, Moon and L points when she was fourteen.” He looked back at the ankle. “I think we can trust those trips have given her a level head.”
“I hope so. She’s only twenty two.” He stretched. “Ahh, space, twenty two and out of the University – we were that, how long ago, it was what, two weeks before the Chicxulub meteor fell? Killed the other dinosaurs?” He looked at Truhart. “The injuries are consistent with a training exercise miscue?”
Truhart looked up. “If that exercise includes ‘no release joint lock’ and full contact techniques resulting in breaks from the blow or secondary contact from deck or wall – I suppose so.”
Matisou saw a conscious Tac team crew member in one of the bays nearby, his arm neatly imobilfoamed. His face was blank but his eyes were on the captain now; he had heard the last two sentences quite clearly, as Matisou had intended (he knew racism made Truhart furious, and knew his technically clean opinion would be delivered in a louder tone because of it). “Given the absence of any witness to another cause then, Doctor, at this time the inquiry suggests ‘training accident of the contact scenario type,’ I think.”
“Mpf.” Truhart was either lost in his holoankle or disgusted and unable to really agree. 
An angry murmur floated past them. 
“Who was that?” Matisou frowned, then looked at Truhart. 
Truhart ignored the murmurs from the triage area outside. “I am uninterested in checking, but would imagine it is our lieutenant, who is better ‘connected’ than he is either trained in holo medicine or in any way politically astute.” He folded his arms and rubbed his chin, intent on the holo.
Matisou nodded. “Thanks, Kev. I’ll have a look in at our team leader outside, and check for your report in the morning before 0800 Divisions Meeting.” 
Truhart nodded, no longer paying heed. Matisou went to the open hatch between the triage area and the treatment bays and stood just inside it, out of sight, listening to the Lieutenant: “When will I be scanned?” He sounded irate.
“You’ll be up soon, sir.” That was Lieutenant Day, the senior nurse on board. Matisou grinned.
“I’ve already been waiting for thirty minutes. I might be hurt badly or something.”
“No, sir. You were triaged and evaluated thoroughly by Doctor Truhart, who feels that –”
“Look, nurse, I just want something for –”
“– Who feels that –”
“– a headache, can I just get me –”
“– you are in need of an imaging study to assist in –”
“– something for a headache?”
“– evaluating your headache, Lieutenant.”
“Look, look, forget the headache, I just want to know when I can stand down and get a drink? I keep seeing that fekn’ Nvnmm –” 
Matisou stepped through the door into the triage room. The lieutenant took one look at him and lay back without a peep, but still five seconds too late to salvage any future career on WHEELER.
Matisou gave everyone else a pleasant smile and thanked them all for doing so well under unusual circumstances, then left Medical, thinking about a resource line and how a Med Q.R.T. now changed his tactics menu... And while there might be some officers who were annoyed with him, he’d just ask whether they were up to date with their medical certifications themselves, and if they really wanted the new ship’s duties tasks that went with this position – Space it! She’s really supposed to be an Ensign, anyway...

XIU-LI 
Xiu-Li assisted the bridge fiber optics team working on the tactical and science stations and saw Engineer Threnody frequently after she returned to duty on her very next watch. The Captain had visited her in the engine section but their conversation was unheard, unrecorded, and unreferenced (except for Matisou’s comment in his personal log that he “advised Chief Engineer Aria Threnody to avoid Deep Blue Belter outside of appropriate public ceremonials of group survival,” with agreement and appreciation of advice noted).
Xiu-Li had long researched all the standard “reports on the Niv culture” and concluded the Niv were adept at avoiding the release of information on their culture.
Everyone knew the bare bones – how the human “slowship” colony which arrived at Tau Ceti in 2101 had found a star prone to flares. When the Tgen Probe arrived in 2103, the colony was at last able to use the comm link on it to report planetary ecofailures, death, disease, and human adaptation failures – then reports of new solar flares, and the Tgen wave signal had gone out completely. There was no way to communicate with them. In fact, there was no longer a way to reach Tau Ceti. The new “point Nav” ships could travel faster than light – but only where guided by tachyon generators acting as beacons. The two waves of Tgen Probes had been launched in 2076 and 2077 using mirror-matter drives to reach speeds of 2/3 light – Alpha Centauri (The Triplet) was reached in 2091, Epsilon Eridani (Darkworld) in 2099, then in 2100 the wild profusion of tumbling rocks at Procyon A/B which became The Gem Isles.
The Tau Ceti “SlowShip” HELIX EXPRESS was the harebrained, hopeful trip that launched in 2075, two years before the Tgen Probe. They were going on hope alone, resolved to living on a ship until the hyperflight drive they weren’t sure they would have for thirty or forty years would be ready to visit or rescue them – hoping to get started on planet building. They had arrived safely in 2101.
The Tgen Probe arrived at Tau Ceti right on schedule in 2103. Three systems in a row had proven worth colonizing, so the updates from the colony at Tau Ceti were eagerly awaited.
The distressing reports were quite a shock. The failure was quickly described as, “we could not have hoped for 100% success in a Universe as complicated as this one,” but it was a very serious setback. For most of 2103 it was also a riveting media drama, full of reconnections (often tragic) after the 26 year passage of time. Then came the reports of a huge new flare – then Tgen failure. 
The Tau Ceti Tgen was an ongoing enigma, functionally “dead” except for a ghostly flicker of life every now and then (suggestive of a tumbling vehicle, which was consistent with damage a big solar flare could cause to the maneuvering systems, especially ones which had just moved through true interstellar space at two thirds the speed of light for twenty six years). It was a mystery the engineers loved and most everyone else could not understand, but could easily ignore. 
And did. With reports of solar flares, planetary eco-system and human adaptation failures, and no Tgen wave signal, the planet and colony at Tau Ceti were given up as “lost” (with no way to help which the laws of physics would permit, there was no choice!) – pending any future re-contact. The Tgen at Tau Ceti was “out,” declared an “unreliable” Tgen source. The “slowship” colonists had spent so long in stasis (en route for twenty six years) that their families had mourned them, briefly met them (via Tgen-link comm) as ghosts from their pasts, and then soon gotten over the loss once those unreal voices were gone again. 
Eventually, the actual Tau Ceti Planetary Project itself was shut down. And ignored – almost forgotten.
Forgotten – as truly Earth-like worlds were found by the robot Tgen probes, their tachyon systems sending a signal that the newly developed hyperflight drive, faster-than-light starships could go to.
Forgotten – as the other two “slowships” had fared better (all of them were absolute looney leaps of faith), and now two “new frontier” towns were out there to provision, visit, and spread out from, as well as the five other systems reached – all of them growing quickly. 
Forgotten – for fifty five years, while seven star systems with operating Tgens were visited by humans in hyperflight ships flying “point-to-point,” using the tachyon generator beacons to navigate.
Forgotten – as navigational and drive systems improved, until hardy individuals who tolerated risk well could actually “free navigate” without relying on beacons, and human ships could move faster than light without needing tachyon generators to guide them.
Forgotten – until the Economic Returns Committee Projects Follow-Up Group of The Planetary Projects Division, S.C. (Space Consortium) asked whether there was any point in even visiting the Tau Ceti system again. It was a G8 star, slightly cooler and darker than Earth’s Sol, known for solar flares, but it was (once again) found to be “a star close to Earth” – so the Space Consortium Yards built a new “freeNavFTL” Tgen probe package and sent it off from SoClip Station, the platform six light hours from the Sun’s south pole – below all the traffic and debris of an ecliptic plane full of planets, asteroids, dust, rocks, and junk.
The probe found a pleasant looking planet with no sign of any current or past inhabitation, and no Tgen unit to be found on radar or with any other sensor package. Given the history of solar flares and human adaptation failure, the planet was a hard prospect; there were easier ones being found and developed every year. There were no specific planetary resources of great economic or materials interest. The Projects Follow-Up Group accepted the findings that there was no reason to revisit the planet at the moment, but the Tau Ceti Belt was still a possible future consideration, and the Space Consortium moved the probe on. That was in the fall of 2158. 
The next organized attempt was during a bioscience survey tour by IWG-SS JAMES WATSON, a ship that was designed to explore alien biospheres and adaptation medicine, and IWG-SS CALIPER, a ship designed for mapping/science survey, on missions of system exploration and catagorization. Their survey would start at Tau Ceti, where only long range remote surveys were planned, before a resupply at Cape Of Velvet and then a survey of northern stars in Bootes and Canes Venatici.
It was a puzzle when the survey ships emerged into local space near Tau Ceti in 2162 and found all of their active and remote sensors blocked and unable to sense the planet or Belt – not even the radars, which meant they had no way to see major physical hazards except to look out the ports (all of the protective shields were working, so the only practical risks were large meteors, each other, or “other” ships). With the telescopes available, they could see activity on the planet surface and in orbit.
The Captain of the leading ship – CALIPER – comm-lasered a message: “We are here to help any survivors of the colony. How are you?”
“Thank you for your concern,” came the reply. “No assistance is required. Have a nice journey. Please pet a cat today.” They would not respond to questions and the ships were forced to bear away as they were unable to proceed.
So began the long process of re-contact. 
It took two months for phase two to start, and in April of 2162 the IWG-SS JUPITER arrived at Tau Ceti. JUPITER was designed for gas giant exploration but the heavier hull construction provided war-like shielding capacity across several spectrums (there were electromagnetic field dissipator and manipulator systems for Jovian cloud thunderbolts, for example). JUPITER also had corresponding armor on its remote probes, ‘bots and databalls. Although not technically a ship of war, JUPITER could withstand a lot of punishment from natural (or other) causes. No one thought anything hostile would be happening, of course; this was all a fluke of ships, missions, and availability – JUPITER was idle, so... Right? Right. And much was read into the instruction about cats, but in the end it was really too bizarre to make sense.
The negotiating mission ship JUPITER was also held in a complete sensor dead zone and had the humiliation of having every one of its remote probes either destroyed or (perhaps worse) re-deployed in some really annoying way – one was left with only a camera working, looking at a pretty vista of the local Belt from an asteroid, another unit was pointed at a waterfall somewhere below (a ribbon of water falling into a sunny blue lake, rainbow included). But no one would talk with them, and the new ship optics bay full of telescopes could not see any further than an enormous plastic scrim screen that blocked their line of sight as it hung there just a kilometer away – a mere thousand meters! The Captain and the Ambassador resisted plans to go out in vac-suits, travel over, and cut the thing; “negotiations” plodded on. 
The Captain decided to bluff a medical problem that would get a response of some kind, rather than the current indifferent stalemate they were in. He called it “a real Paramont’s move,” and the senior ambassador was also convinced. The “problem” would reach some deadly crescendo before a trip back to Earth could be completed, so they would have to be helped!
The male who responded was the Captain’s age, wore a jump suit field uniform every bit as current as the Captain’s, and had every square inch examined (passively, from a distance) before checking out as human. He had looked at the doctor’s report and then at the Captain and said flatly, “This is a real Paramont’s move you’re pulling here, Captain,” then he grinned for a second. It looked as if they were not going to respond – but they did. 
The response was a trip to Earth in a ship which seemed capable of a faster passage on hyperflight trips – because of highly advanced navigational equipment and practice. The ship arrived at SoClip with the puzzled “bedridden” ensign, the survey ship’s first officer (in case there was anything to observe besides the four room “box” they had lived inside of during the shorter trip – no luck), and the JUPITER’s doctor, whose efforts at interacting with the crew had been to little avail, but who had used the time of the passage to research his collected data streams and even use his portable lab to run a full DNA genome on a crewper’s blood collected on a piece of paper after a small accidental cut.
When the doctor finished, he was scared to death, and unable to tell anyone – they might hear. His first report to his Captain had been correct: they were human… But not exactly Homo sapiens...
This was one of Xiu-Li’s favorite moments: What was it like to be flying through space with the knowledge your hosts weren’t what they seemed? That an infection, an alien disease, might have made them mutants?
They had acted like superior geeks, which neatly fit the profiles and cultural extrapolations being constructed – the “slowship” was all scientists, even the cops and other critical personnel (who were all Survivalists, and some had been soldiers as well). All contacts were in the main consistent: they were now a culture of “tough geeks,” said all the Earth Command people. “More geek than tough, too.” That bit about the cats – how tough could they be? They were cat-lovers!
Everyone had been so low-key and matter of fact, and the ship designs and uniforms so similar, that over the weeks of waiting and negotiating, Tau Ceti now seemed more like any of other colony station instead of being a colony that had been out of contact for five and a half decades. But it wasn’t, as the doctor had found out. And the people on the Earth were watching by now. 
When the ship arrived, even with plenty of advanced warning, it was a great shock. It was bigger, sleeker, rakish yet more robust than any ship out of any Star Yard of the Space Consortium or anyone building ships anywhere else in SolSys. It looked like a ship from the future, thrown back, with uncertain offerings of both promise – and threat. It caused consternation.
Their ship was a better designed Space Consortium MAGELLAN Class Survey Ship, essentially. Anyone with brains and the least eye for ship design could see it; it was bigger, and it was believed to have several weapons points beneath some oddly shaped hull panels, but it was – call it “a MAGELLAN Class cousin, a really big and clever one.”
It caused consternation. How did these – people – get access to our plans? It was upsetting to discover Space Consortium tools and parts could even be used on the ship, and certain hull structures and other frame mechanical structures could be swapped out (learned after a blundering manned JournoRunner on the Runner’s last ever “we’ll-take-it-just-a-bit-closer” image run had instead collided and creased its hull). 
The SC doctor literally managed not to go insane before telling his chief about his findings. He wrote his primary report, and then began writing appendices which he hid – again and again, more and more, a traumatic stress injury caused by hiding the secret during the trip. The findings were self explanatory to the Space Consortium’s Chief Medical Officer, who had spent decades worrying about deadly intermixes of exotic natural biomaterials between planets.
It was decided to leave the DNA findings out of the mix for the moment as too explosive. The Chief Medical Officer and three others were the only humans at that time who knew about them – the doctor was in isolation for psych treatment by then, writing thirty or forty new appendices a day, and hiding them in his room. Space Fleet Tactical organized immediate DNApass retesting screens, while the politicians and diplomats were reassured there were no “unworldly advancements or enhancements detected” in the studies of the ship technology observed to date. “There are obviously a number of advancements in sensors and navigation, as well as a greater compactness in engine design, and these are the results of many patient years of human dedication and development – as we have done in our Yards as well.”
To the engineers and crews making up what was called Space Fleet, it was a future extrapolation design flying in real space, but it wasn’t terribly exotic or alien – it was a souped up MAGELLAN Class ship (they were all dying to get inside and take a look, though!) 
To the public, however, it was the unknown personified. It was a source of endless speculation... What happened? asked the public. Why? It was incessant. Why? Why? Why? 
The public. So many voices. So many questions. So much fear and uncertainty... And that was before it was learned what the poor doctor had discovered. Afterward – people in every system were still trying to figure out what it all meant, even now, years later. It was an issue for everyone who was politically inclined... And anyone who was human.
Tau Ceti’s “slowship” had traveled in sheer hope that the planet in their future was livable, and found a series of crises instead: the star was not quite Earth yellow, the planet could be lived on, but wasn’t a safe match for humans over the generations – there were insects and diseases and solar radiation and other problems that could never be fully “solved” without terraforming the whole planet. That would be unfair to the planet, but there was no doubt it would be the Space Consortium response. 
And then the solar flares began, putting the small colony into more immediate risk. There was no way to evacuate off of the planet. Although short term shelters could be dug and huddled under, and obviously the local flora and fauna which had not adapted to this frequent stellar event would be killed by the extra radiation effects, it was a chronic problem that required solution over the longest possible time in order for any sort of above ground colony to exist and grow.
A council of senior thinkers met and distilled it all down.
PROBLEM: 
Planet ecology and Sol colony humans not well adapted.
SOLUTIONS:  
Leave Planet. Change Planet. Change Humans.
This was a Rationally based abstract list of all possible solutions to the problem under review, but each offering had troubling baggage with it. “Leave  Planet” would mean to die, because they couldn’t currently achieve orbit using any available technologies; “Change Planet” required advanced terraforming not yet achievable either. 
This left “Change Humans,” which would be complicated in the extreme to plan out and achieve with success… But it might be done with the knowledge base and gear available to them, some of it derived from the colonists who had been awake for periods of time, working on ideas and inventions. They were a colony of scientists, and all crazy enough to ride in slowsleep 26 years at 2/3c, just in case the planet was really there at all; faced with death, they freely voted to execute a radical human solution. 
The solution freely voted for was change the humans – all of them. Completely – and forever.
They used advanced nanotech to manipulate their DNA, then the humans at Tau Ceti literally reprogrammed their genes to adapt their bodies to their planet: “just a few adaptations and minor changes to make living there more efficient.” Every single one of them. They now bred as a distinctly new species of Homo sapiens – they were Homo neosapiens.
They called their planet and themselves Niv, but had yet to say why. They were at least twenty five to thirty years ahead of current Earth technology in many areas, especially in navigation and engine designs – the Niv had no intentions of being cut off on Tau Ceti, and never had. They were just extremely choosy about what they did, including their level of contact with others. They were unrepentent about surviving their trial using a plan and techniques that nearly every human in Sol System remained very uncertain of (it was still being called “master race manipulation” and had been an area of intense scrutiny and concern ever since the first DNA and gene therapy studies began).
The changes made the Niv generally stronger across all body systems, while their eclectic culture had diverged more from Earth/Belt than any other colony planet – and all of it by choice, which was what shook up humanity the most. Because it became clear that although the Niv had not been trying to contact Earth, they had been “listening in” (the Tgen flickers) and keeping up to date with what the rest of humanity was doing.
So barely a decade ago, humanity was presented with a new planetfull of smarter cousins who had left the family and returned very different. They had much to offer, but the differences were profound, unsettling for many – the Niv generated envy, suspicion, and fear. The inevitable racism followed, and there had been incidents.
And Aria Threnody was in one of them. To Xiu-Li, Aria looked sad and vaguely wounded for a few days. Xiu-Li dared not comment; she had studied Niv culture enough to know how intensely private they were – any dumb comment that was inappropriate could chill relations forever.
Aria was certainly as physically strong as ever. She resumed her workout regimen (more so than usual, adding a run through her engineering spaces in addition to weights) and it was always nice to work out together (when Aria took the overnight watch as the senior officer their duty watches coincided for thirty to thirty five percent of the time, so workouts were also very frequently on or around the same times as well) – Yet... There was just more to it, Xiu-Li was certain. But all was well in the end – 
Aria quickly resumed her usual aloof nature. It didn’t bother Xiu-Li; she had family members her mother used to berate (“Who do you think you are? Chinese Princesses? Come on down back to Earth, sister!”) and she actually enjoyed the mental disciplines of the Court of the Emotionally Repressed (her mother’s words about home).
It didn’t matter. They were going to stop for planetfall on Cape Of Velvet, which Enronn Debitts seemed very keen about; and planetfall meant everybody got just a little looser (even if they weren’t lucky enough to actually get leave).
This should be fun.
Chapter 03 - Port Twisted 
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER
Cape Of Velvet, Beta Hyphi System
25 January 2173 - Tuesday

Whenever there were crew off-ship, local communications were monitored. It was a job that any qualified Nav/Comm Tac Division crew could handle, but usually Ensign Tania Manda did it herself (plus today she was trying not to miss – or envy – her new boyfriend too much, and work was a great substitute). IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER was orbiting Cape Of Velvet, a verdant planet orbiting a G0 star named Beta Hyphi, 24 light years “south” of Sol. It was near the “south celestial pole,” in the southern constellation Hydri, the next colony lying beyond The Triplet at Alpha Centauri. 
Cape Of Velvet, reached in 2116 and colonized, was still perceived (and celebrated itself) as very much a “frontier” planet, with a growing reputation for raising livestock (for protein supply) and hunting. Beta Hyphi was a calm star with a small Belt and two gas giants; except for Velvet and the tiny Belt there were no other “easy resource” areas, so it had been something of an exploitation backwater compared to most other systems. In the InterWorld Group’s Space Consortium Colony Committee Planning Report, Velvet was seen primarily as a planetary point from which to expand from, rather than one to be primarily developed (like Jade, or Dog and Puppy at Asterion, or even the non-planetary Gem Isles at Procyon A/B, where the binary stars tore up any planetary accretions sooner or later, resulting in a gigantic Belt to exploit, and a fully Belt-based colony there).
The other major industry was the InterWorld Group Fleet. The distances between colonies often made Velvet at the “south pole” closer on a route than return to Earth would be. IWG ships often took on provisions at Velvet: the one resource which could not yet be obtained raw from the richest collection of asteroids. Velvet had a major city at the landing point and a large and growing city in the Great South Veldt, where livestock and hunting zones were developing. There were some other towns, farms and settlements, but those were the two main places to visit: Velvet City in the north, and Port Twistor in the south.
Manda wished she was due for shoreleave on this planetfall. It would be nice to stretch her legs, she thought, breathe real air, feel a real breeze of wind on her face – like Otie would… Tania cleared her throat. She was still early enough with him that she wasn’t sure where they were going beyond some fun, and it was hard to trust him on a shore leave. Orlando Timbers (O.T. or “Otie”) was a nice enough guy, but so damned good looking he got attention, and was too nice not to return it – Otie hated to disappoint people, and he dated very heavily, to the point where it was ridiculous to imagine him being what they used to call “faithful” to her. But Tania still sort of hoped...
Just after noon, shuttleRunner Two set down on schedule, dropping twelve crew on the first round of shoreleaves. Lieutenant Kimsen Ramble called in to report they were “feet dry” and heading into the city. Manda acknowledged and turned back to a local news channel. In a city of 70,000 with a colony total of about 250,000, the items were “small town” but refreshing to hear – even a small segment about the visit of IWG Survey Ship JOHN A. WHEELER and a request to “show our new visitors how nice Velvet can be.” 
Then something about another episode of missing cattle – three of them, all prize tagged prime bovine stockbeef off the ranch of the best restaurant on Velvet, owned by the Mayor of Port Twistor, no less. Not the business of a starship – pleasantly so, and she knew a lot of other crew were also listening to the planet’s media as well for that very reason.
Captain Matisou checked in rather absently – he was looking into any trails, hills or mountains on Velvet suitable for hiking, and was in his office just off the bridge even after his watch ended, using the science data feeds in his search for something decent and reasonably close to the two cities the Runners would visit. If he had to, he’d go hiking across a flat field if it meant a good walk, thought Manda.
The emergency call came in from a surprisingly cool Ensign Jashia Luna. Tania was daydreaming about dinner when the comm link chimed the emergency. “WHEELER, this is Runner One,” came Luna’s voice – punctuated by faint thuds. “Runner achieving lift-off under fire, shore party is not, repeat NOT fully on board. E.T.A. ten minutes –” followed by a flare of static.
“Action Stations,” snapped Matisou, back on the bridge.
The shuttleRunner was on radar but could not be raised, and was now on autopilot, which suggested trouble on board. Once in visual range it was obvious why the comms had gone – they’d been blown off. There was oxygen and power on board, though, and Luna flashed the landing illuminators, so they knew she was alive in there. The Runner docked uneventfully enough, but to a tense group of WHEELER crew.
“We were kidnapped!” were the first words from Luna’s mouth as the hatch hissed open. She stepped out of the way as Doctor Truhart and Lieutenant Day went past her. “Nobody here is hurt badly, but only the four of us were together and escaped, thanks to Kimsen, and he got hit by a stunner so he’s out of it.”
It had been absurdly simple. According to signs at the station just outside the landing field gate, the monorail system to Velvet City was out of operation. Transports were running, said four local men already waiting there. Just a very pretty forty minute ride through the forest to the city.
They had waited ten minutes for a transport to the city when up rolled a large transport, and a smaller van. After the bigger transport filled up with WHEELER crew, Ramble, Luna, Hapgood, and Foibles got into the second vehicle. The moment the doors closed they leapt into gear, and off they were headed into the lush wilderness, just as beautiful as predicted.
It only took Hapgood twenty five minutes to work out that they were heading away from the city. “Lieutenant –” he began, then the two locals who jumped into the van with them began to laugh, with a rather nasty edge, for no reason – then the man in the right frontside navigator’s right seat turned around with a large stungun. “You are to spend your time this visit as O.P.P. guests of prime quality.” They wouldn’t answer any questions, and finally the gunman changed a setting and fired out the window, shooting a tree – which exploded. He pointed the gun at the four of them while he “struggled” to get the gun’s power slider back to stun, and no one had further questions. Ahead of them the large transport was moving right along – she had wondered if they had become aware of this travel snafu yet. After forty total minutes had passed, it became a moot point. 
After a further hour and half Luna lost track of the transport because at this point, Foibles became hysterical and attacked – just jumped and began to thrash, screaming at the top of her lungs to let her out, flailing into the two locals-turned-accomplices. The man in the seat couldn’t stun Foibles without hitting his own men, and now Luna and Ramble were trying to edge around the heap Foibles and the locals were rolling in. He fired, more than once, but missed Luna, who then elbowed him in the throat, got his stunner, used it on him, then used her gymcard to persuade the driver to stop the van and let herself be stunned. 
Luna left them on the side of the road, turned the van around, and headed back – soon pursued by vehicles in the distance, gaining fast. She had carried her stunned crewmates one by one to the Runner as the vehicles drew closer every second, and some shots began to thump into the ground as she made her last carry.
“That was an incredible job, Ensign,” said Matisou. “How did your gymcard persuade the driver to stop, might I ask?”
Luna blushed and looked down. “After I stunned her navigator, I slid a pointed corner up under her jaw before she could really see just what was in my hand and I... I told her I’d cut her face off if she twitched.” She gulped. “I was pretty scared, sir.” 
Matisou nodded.
“You showed real guts, ensign,” said Takaguchi crossing his arms. “The man’s statement to you was, ‘You are to spend time this lovely visit as O.P.P. guests of prime quality.’ Correct?”
Luna looked at him. “Thank you sir. And yes sir, that’s what he said.”
“Any idea what that means?”
She shook her head, beginning to look drained as her adrenaline wore off and realizations set in.
“Well, I want you to go to medical and let Doctor Truhart give you a clearcheck.”
A frown flashed across her face. “I’m fine, sir.”
Takaguchi smiled kindly. “I know you are, Ensign Luna. After things like this I’m expected to make certain, though, and that means you go and visit medical, okay?”
She blushed. “Sorry, sir. Yes, sir.”
“Good – get going but DPaT me if you recall anything else you heard said, okay?”
“Yes, sir.”
Neither captain nor first officer spoke as they quickly got back up to the bridge to learn what new data had come in from the planet. The few crew that they passed in the corridors scurried to get flattened against a wall or out of the way completely as they charged past, calm expressions on their grim faces.
The bridge was hushed; Matisou looked around, saw everyone was obviously shocked but steady, waiting for direction and ready to respond. Thierry Ribaud was able to get a rough signals vector from the crew DPaT comm units, but couldn’t pinpoint them. They were inside some sort of structure that dissipated and weakened the signals, but he was able to work out the rough locations: two areas at opposite ends of the southern city, Port Twistor. He was looking for any sonic tracks in the atmosphere from the previous hours (the shoreleave had been to Velvet City in the north, five hours away at subsonic speeds, and it was about five hours since they had been seized).
“Thank you, Lieutenant,” replied a hard faced Takaguchi. He looked at Matisou, sitting in his captain’s chair with stillness and all his usual calm – but livid with anger. “Tac Q.R.T.-B is ready, sir.”
Matisou nodded. “Thank you, Commander.” He looked at the viewscreen showing a map of the city. “We have two parties in two locations. I want two triple crew Runners to get our people up, and I want Tac-B in the SquadCutter as our mobile back-up if we need extra people at either location.” 
Takaguchi nodded. The shuttleRunners could hold up to fourteen in a pinch and the SquadCutter twenty; with a crew of three in each shuttleRunner there would be plenty of room for the recovered crew, and the SquadCutter would carry the eight member Tactical Quick Response Team-B, for extra firepower and plenty of extra room to take on crew if people became separated.
“Commander Takaguchi, you have the bridge,” said Matisou. Takaguchi nodded shortly; he had assumed the captain would insist on leading the recovery mission, even though it might be argued that was Takaguchi’s role as Tactical Officer. Although it worried him to have the captain exposing himself to the risks, he’d never expected Matisou to stay in his command chair. 
Matisou now said quietly, “If they call with any requests or demands, bluff them, stall, and call me, and keep an eye out for us, Tak. I don’t want anybody sneaking up, and if you need it, you have R.O.E. One authority.” Governing the use of tactics, firepower, and weapons use, Rules Of Engagement at level One meant Takaguchi was free to use the ship as he wanted to, including deadly force, should the ship or landing teams be subject to imminent new attack.
Takaguchi looked worried. “Aye, sir.”
Matisou gave him a grin. “Cheer up, Tak.”
“Permission to wait ‘til you’re all back, Captain.”
“Granted, Commander.” They exchanged salutes.
Xiu-Li had just finished her after-watch work-out when the Q.R.T. alert went out. Her heart thumped as she headed toward her ready station to check which uniform was needed. She knew the only other Q.R.T. medic was on shoreleave, so she was “solo responder” now. She tried to regulate her breathing, to center herself. Her ready station was in the storage area near the medical section, and as she went inside she saw Lieutenant Day busy prepping response carts. The station compscreen array indicated a personnel retrieval from the ground, so she pulled out her field uniform and started zipping herself into the heavy coverall, putting her full attention on the other gear to bring along...
As she dashed across the landing bay toward shuttleRunner One, she realized her gear included her gym kit bag, which had got snagged over the main medical bag she carried. Before she could unsnag it, she saw the captain charging toward the Runner and just jumped on board to get out of the way – blushing, but deciding that no one would notice, or care.
Matisou climbed in and nodded at her. He felt fortunate he’d made Chen the Med Q.R.T. because, having seen her workouts in the gym, he knew she could handle herself in a fight; he also knew that Truhart would need some help with any casualties, since Ensign Orlando Timbers, his “medical field orderly” (and the only other Med Q.R.T. crew he’d named so far) was down among the missing.
Captain Matisou, Lieutenant Enronn Debitts, and Crewperson Xiu-Li Chen set off in Runner One, while Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody, Doctor Truhart, and Ensign Tania Manda – who was a Tac Q.R.T.-Reserve medic, and would be the comms coordinator for the three ships and WHEELER – took Runner Two.
They dropped from orbit over the ocean west of the southern city and headed toward land, crossing over land and turning toward their target zone. “Okay, people,” said Matisou. “We’re all on R.O.E. Two – let’s keep it on stun, and be liberal with it. Keep each other covered, and call out your sit-reps before they get deadly, so nobody on either side gets hurt.”
“Aye, sir,” chimed back five voices.
Debitts kept it low, fast, and steady. Xiu-Li craned her head to watch his moves as he flew the Runner – there was more interaction between pilot and machine than she had expected in a “compuSys guided” ship. Matisou sat next to Debitts, looking at both the arrays and out the front windows, unmasked now after atmospheric entry. She went into the rear section to make sure they were ready to offload gear and take on people.
She picked up her gym bag to stow it and felt her butterfuly swords shifting inside. For a moment she stood there; should I take these with me? Stowed, they were short metal rods which made effective clubs or splints, and she might need an edge since she had by now overheard enough to know this was in essence a tactical operation – an assault. That word decided her, and Xiu-Li slid each stowed sword into the long zip compartments along each forearm – which also meant that if she had to hit anybody, swinging her forearm would whack them pretty hard. That decided, she packed her gym bag and started lining up the mission packs in the rack by the hatch before belting back in.
Captain Matisou studied the terrain ahead and then the locator beacons for five crew flickered on the main nav screen, all clustered in the hills just north of the city. It might only be the DPaTs, all in one area, but at least it narrowed the initial search. It would probably be a big structure in rough terrain; he rubbed his chin and made his final decision. “I think we’ll have to do this as a group. I’m betting this is a big house, probably somewhat fortified; we surround and overwhelm them, get our people, and then all go down to the southern site.” He paused, very troubled about the delay; he had wanted to send Aria south right away, but this had always depended on the conditions found here on final approach. “Assuming it’s a big house, with trees, we’ll put down close to the back of the house, you put down in the front.” He turned to look at Truhart and Debitts, and imagined the somber faces on the other shuttleRunner as well. “Look, we’ll have surprise on our side. Just stun anyone you see. It’ll go off 1-2-3 and then we’re up to finish this op.”
“Aye, sir,” replied Threnody from Runner Two.
Debitts brought Runner One down into a clearing near the big compound while Threnody landed next to them. Matisou gave Debitts and Xiu-Li compound magpistols, which could throw a piece of magnetized metal with all the power of a chemically powered gun, or send a pulse of energy which stunned a human brain for anywhere from fifteen minutes to several hours, depending on the brain and certain environmental conditions the pulse was sent through (they didn’t work well in fog, for example, and neither did lasers).
Xiu-Li hefted the weapon. Matisou opened his mouth to ask an obvious question, caught Debitts’ look, and looked back in time to see her turn it on to STAND-BY, and then her eyes as she looked up. She must have seen the look on his face but she neither blinked nor looked away as she holstered the magpistol without looking, and he shut his mouth before he insulted the student who’d won the Space University Skills and Arts Tournament two years in a row by asking if Xiu-Li had ever been clearchecked on magpistols. 
He turned and opened the hatch. The air smelled sweet and was cool, but it was very humid. It was “quiet” – the sunstar was quite low in the sky and there were birds (their local eco-niche equivalent) calling through the treetops shot with brilliant green in the setting sun, but there were no mechanical sounds or human movements. The compound was on the other side of a thirty meter thick group of trees and underbrush. 
They lay down between some thick trunks and looked around, Xiu-Li using her SciDPaT unit to look for life. 
“I’ve narrowed it, sir,” said Manda, in the rear of the compound and using a TacDPaT to track the DPaT signals inside the buildings. “I make it five, repeat, five signals, in the center of the structural foot print of the smaller building, at eight meters underground.”
“The basement,” muttered Debitts.
“Okay, Tania,” Matisou replied. “Other lifesigns?”
“Several, sir... The main building has some shielded areas, but I get between ten and fifteen signals from in there. I can count seventeen heat and other signatures in this structure; all are on the ground level, but I – I can’t guarantee I can get lifesign signatures from the underground space. But I can guarantee there are no active weapon signs present in the immediate area except ours.”
“I confirm, Captain,” said Xiu-Li. “I am – um, wait, sir...” She frowned, then began tapping into her SciDPaT, studied it a second, then reached out and began sweeping out the leaves, twigs and other detritus tucked into a root hollow of the huge Velvet ironwood tree next to her.
Matisou looked at Debitts, who shook his head.
Xiu-Li reached out and put her SciDPaT face down in the root hollow, wedging one end in with some of the twigs. She looked at her wrist chrono. “Please hold for another thirty seconds, sir, I’m scanning for any sound vibrations in the detected chamber.”
Matisou and Debitts exchanged glances again, which Xiu-Li missed as she was studying her wrist chrono, a frown on her face. “Finally,” she muttered at last as she scooped up her SciDPaT. In a few seconds she looked up. “I believe our people are there, sir, but not too many more.”
Matisou scowled. “How would you know that?”
Her face hardened, and she clicked off of the netcomm, which made Matisou’s scowl deepen. She’s going to throw a tantrum, now, of all times, and she’s clicked out so no one else will hear!
“I heard them moaning sir,” she said quietly. “The ironwood root conducts a signal which can be amplified, and I believe I heard Crewper Deepshell attempting to rally spirit, but someone else began to scream.”
Matisou’s face went whiter (if that were possible at this point) and he nodded as he motioned toward her comm unit. “I see what you mean,” he said after she had clicked back in. “Anyone else down there?”
“I believe there are other respiration and heartbeat signatures but not many, less than... Um... Three or less, sir.”
“Comm net, this is Matisou; switch to squad net for clearcheck review. Matisou on SN1.” He turned over, as did Debitts and Xiu-Li, to their intersquad channel.
Matisou looked at her. “Odds of three to one. Analysis?”
“Tactical? I would try to lure as many out front as I could, then move our rear team forward for cover and crossfire while using our reserve to flush in from the rear, sweep forward and recover our people.” 
Matisou looked at Debitts, who was staring at Chen like he’d never seen her before. 
“And sir?” she continued. “That’s our relative force ratio, sir, not our odds. Our odds depend on our training and skill.”
Matisou cocked an eyebrow at her. “And luck?”
“Luck laughs at the odds, sir. I’ve heard you say that.”
Matisou nodded. “We need to hope we’ll all be laughing with luck later, because as sound as your plan is, I’m concerned about committing our reserve Q.R.T. too early. Instead, we’re going to assume we six are much more capable than their twenty, and move forward on that basis.” He gave her a grim nod. “Except for the use of the reserve, however, we will be luring them out and letting the rear team move in.” He cocked a brow again. “That’s a very decent plan from a non-tactical science and engineering newbie crew with medic training.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Matisou looked at the compound. His main fear was that people in the basement might be killed while they were trying to get down there to get them. They had the element of surprise, but not much else, and it would be foolish to bank too heavily on that; these kidnappers had to assume there would be some response, after all! “Matisou to teams and base. Any detected responses yet to our presence? Squad B?”
“Nothing happening, sir. Over.” Manda sounded tense.
“Reserve?”
“Holding station over the mountain, east two klicks; no new energy or personnel signatures appearing. Over.”
“Takaguchi. No evidence of any vehicles being prepped or sent your way, none lighting up in the compound; Lieutenant Ribaud found atmospheric trails to a landing fleld a kilometer west of you, but no transports are visible there now. Over.”
“Our two objectives are our people, and making sure the bad guys don’t comm out – that’s your job, Aria, to get those comms blocked.” Matisou rubbed his chin. “Okay. I’m going to start a fire and let’s see if we can’t get them out here to take a look.”
A flare tossed into a copse of very dry bushes got a smoky fire going quickly, and the wind blew the smoke right into the building. It took just twenty seconds for three large men wearing troop field uniforms to come looking, bearing rather large magrifles more suitable for hunters than soldiers. They would have a slower rate of fire than an actual assault weapon, and was a piece of luck going their way, as were the six other men who came trotting out with a coiled hose they attached to an outlet and began pulling toward the fire, while the first three took up guard positions.
Matisou could have started the assult then, but didn’t. Xiu-Li was puzzled but kept her radio silence and waited in her position with her magpistol ready, listening for his order, wondering why he waited.
In fact, both sentries and firefighters were soon paying more attention to the fire than either the building or brush around them – there were shouts indicating fire was a more frequent event than the WHEELER crew might have guessed: the smoking of both locally indigenous and other items were blamed, and the careless smokers were cursed roundly. This was not the first brushfire around the compound site, and the relative routine meant no one was particularly alarmed. 
This made it easy to wait until the group was heading back to the compound together to take them all out. Three magpistols firing stun pulses from three crossing angles dropped all nine men in just ten seconds as they stumbled into each other and fell over.
Xiu-Li’s heart was pounding hard now. Except for her range and clearcheck courses (and in the Tournament), Xiu-Li had never fired a weapon at anyone with any real intent, but she had coolly sighted on and hit the three guards who were closest to her, without a pause. Matisou dropped two, Debitts got the other four, and then all that was left was the smell of smoke and three piles of sleeping troops. 
A quick grin from Matisou, then he began throwing smoke grenades into the woods, which immediately obscured both stunned-out kidnappers and wide awake Wheelers to any eyes or lenses looking out from the two buildings in the compound. “Okay, everybody,” said Matisou. “On my count out.” 
Xiu-Li pressed her clicker to chirp acknowledgement.
“THREE!” The three WHEELER crew bounced to their feet and ran to the target building’s front door while the other team did the same in back. Debitts stuck two “banger patches” on the door’s hinge points and looked at Matisou with thumbs up and a “set” chirp on the comm. It was answered by a double chirp as Manda signalled “set” for her squad.
“TWO!”
“Sit-Rep: no new responses,” came Takaguchi’s terse update.
“ONE!” 
Debitts hits his detonator – there is a loud BANG! 
The two patches blow the hinges apart and the door falls in with a crash. 
“GO! GO! GO!” yells Threnody on the comm. 
Xiu-Li runs forward through a swirl of smoke and noise – alarms are sounding inside of the building, and across the compound. 
The dark hallway Xiu-Li enters into reverberates with alarm klaxons. She drops her VEOptics frame over her eyes and stuns a tall fat man who opens a door, rifle in hand. He falls backward. She hears Debitts next to her, his magpistol firing.
The two teams meet up in the central room. Xiu-Li overwatches as Aria Threnody uses her EngDPaT to disable the electronic door locks and cut the alarms as Debitts puts “banger patches” on the door and blows it. 
Aria, Xiu-Li, Enronn Debitts, and Captain Matisou virtually jump down the steps and stun the three guards en route to a real dungeon, barred cells and all. Aria stops at the desk station compuSys by the door to try and figure out the entry codes, but Enronn Debitts just plain breaks in before she can release the locks – he uses a high phase laser to melt the lock bars, and pushes the door open.
They quickly file in. Wentlin Forbben had been rolling around in great agony; Truhart goes to him first. 
Xiu-Li finds Taz’ri’an sitting on a big bale of straw, not visibly injured but with eyes a thousand kilometers away; so is dazed Venturiini, propped against a wall next to the softly groaning, semi-conscious Markis Karaff, who is badly hurt. “Doctor,” Xiu-Li calls quietly. 
Truhart turns, catches her eye, comes over to quickly check Karaff. He visibly pauses and thinks for a few moments. Xiu-Li sees Tania probing around Jonson’s left leg, Debitts on his right. She sees Ion Deepshell looking at them with amazed relief on his face. 
So here are Jonson, Karaff, Forbben, Taz’ri’an and Venturiini, all five injured, and a bruised but otherwise intact Deepshell; no Timbers, and no Westphal, which confirms what they had believed would be the case going in. She studies Taz’ri’an and Venturiini while Truhart finishes working on his initial plan for Karaff, and then goes over to Jonson.
Debitts guards the door. Matisou circulates, looking closely at his injured crew, then he walks over and stands next to Xiu-Li, nodding to her. “Think you can look after them?” He indicates the two stunned figures.
“Of course, sir.” 
Matisou turns away, then turns back. “You have a comment, crewper?”
“Yes, sir... Related to the situation, sir.”
“Go on.” Despite all the tension, he sounds neutral.
Xiu-Li stands at attention. “Sir, I presume you and Ensign Debitts will carry Jonson. I propose Ensign Manda and I carry Karaff, while Doctor Truhart and Crewper Deepshell guide Forbben, Taz’ri’an, and Venturiini, and Lieutenant Commander Threnody provides security.”
Matisou studies her. “Support the elements of your plan, Crewper Chen.” He can see Aria’s eyes from across the cell; she has heard her name, and paused in her compSys station search to look over at them.
“Only you and the lieutenant can possibly lift Jonson, sir. Karaff weighs fifty kilos at very most, which Tania and I should be able to carry. Crewper Deepshell is a casualty, but he can walk. The doctor is best prepared should the stunned crew start to panic or develop other symptoms –” her voice drops slightly “– while I would consider trusting him with emergency weight bearing like this to be a risk.” Truhart was a great doctor and a decent man, but no athlete.
“What about teaming him with Aria? She’s stronger than most anyone.” Matisou checks his magpistol. 
She admires how calm Matisou looks, and swallows nervously – she hopes he isn’t getting angry with her. “Sir, the Lieutenant Commander is our best shot, due to her superior vision, hearing, and degree of focus. These are the qualities most desired in whoever provides overwatch security for a small party bearing wounded.”
Matisou nods and looks around. “Well supported. Thanks, Crewper Chen.” He moves over to Enronn Debitts, finishing up the splints on Jonson. 
Xiu-Li looks at Aria, watching the screens, and then unzips her forearm pockets. Aria looks over at Xiu-Li, sees the blades coming out, and gives her a quick nod of approval before ducking her head again. Hmm, if Aria’s in favor of this, that’s a sign things are going to be messy, thinks Xiu-Li. All the more reason to be ready... She sets up her butterfly swords and slides one into each thigh pocket sheath.
As the team gives aid, Aria stands watch over the exit door and monitors the security cameras in the station. “No response seen yet, Captain.” Her eye falls on a drawer full of datachips. Considering these recent events, it might be valuable to know more in case the captain decides on any more of an active response. The monitors change – “Lights are going on in the main house.” Aria reaches out, scoops a handful of datachips into a pocket inside her flightjacket. The screens flicker. “Time’s up, sir.” Now there is actual movement. “Sir, there is quite a response building up. We need to exit now.”
Inside the cell, Matisou and Truhart exchange glances. “We can move them if we must,” says a reluctant Truhart. He would have preferred to use their stretchers, but they have no time. 
Matisou nods. “Bring them to the first Rally Point and we’ll finish triage and stabilization there. We can’t stay down here, and we’ll probably be covering each other the whole way back.” Truhart nods glumly. Matisou looks around and points as he pairs off carriers.
Tania and Xiu-Li grab crewper Karaff under the arms while Matisou and Enronn Debitts grab Jonson. Doctor Truhart steadies a dazed Forbben, and Deepshell keeps an eye on the shocked-out Venturiini and Taz’ri’an, while Threnody leads, keeping their security watch.
Aria is surprised when they come upstairs to no response at all, and the surprise grows as they move to the outer door. Where are the bad guys? She knows they are stirring in the other building but have yet to make an appearance in this one; they must be fairly inept if they are this unprepared on the heels of such an audacious act of public kidnapping. But Sol humans did so many things that puzzle Aria Threnody, including getting annoyed if she asked why… For now, she carefully looks out of the door. There is no visible response except lights going on, so she quickly gets everyone out of the building.
The first rally point is the treeline they had first observed the compound from. They dash across the open area outside of the now-starting-to-light-up compound as best they can, getting into the woods where they can lower their injured comrades to the ground. It has now gotten dark with all the speed and depth of any tropical jungle on Earth, so there is plenty of black shadow to hide in.
Matisou figures luck is with them when they make it to the first rally point and he can set Jonson down at last. During the scurry Truhart has triaged Forbben and told Tania how to treat the burns on his arms, even while he ran his fingers over Jonson’s legs. Matisou now hears metallic “snicks” as Xiu-Li and Debitts open memMetal stretchers up from the tiny carrysquare sizes (memory metals were alloys whose shape changed if there was an electrical current running through them or not; in this case, a battery had changed a rectangular carrysquare about the dimensions of a chair armrest into a flat, stretcher-sized carrying frame).
Then there are other “snicks” – magpistol slug shots through the leaves. 
“Move now, people! Next R.P.!” Matisou sweeps the upper windows with several magpistol stun charges, and some of the shooting drops off. He is surprised that works; it gives them time to reorganize the carries with the frames and get everyone to the next R.P., which is up a low hill and screened by bushes (selected in case that degree of cover was needed, as now it is). Here they have time to stabilize Jonson and Karaff’s broken limbs and strap them in to the stretchers. 
It is quite dark now, way out here well beyond the building lights, and the low-light unit on their Vision Enhancement Optics gives them the advantage in movement. A flare shoots into the sky, illuminating the trees around them and also a dozen guards, all peering around. The guards see the group, give a shout, and sweep forward.
Magpistols hum and a few guards drop, stunned, but the rush continues for some time. The IWG team has barely moved a dozen meters, to some thick bushy growths, when another rush comes at them. Again they fire, again guards drop... Aria’s magpistol charge expires. Then Enronn Debitts swore. “Out!”
As the flare flickers and sputters lower, the shadows dance jerkily and darkness drops around the tense, keyed-up IWG team. Their VEOpts will take another thirty seconds to reset. 
Very large lights begin to go on inside the compound, lights that start to sweep out the shadows around the compound perimeter.
Aria turns. “Movement left!” she hisses. Tania hears and feels a footstep thud near her, smells tobacco smoke, sees a shadow loom over her as she crouches there... She squeaks.
Xiu-Li’s magpistol is depleted, so it is a butterfly sword she employs. Tania gasps as the blade thunks into the man’s spine just before he can fire the gun in his hand. Instead, nerveless fingers drop the gun, and the man falls after it. Tania looks up at Xiu-Li’s pale, tense face. “Thanks,” she whispers. 
The captain whips around; Matisou’s face turns thunderous and he is about to say something when another thug trooper pops out of the bush, knocks Matisou’s magpistol free, raises a gun to Matisou’s face, and screams hate – 
Xiu-Li has no choice: she sprints forward and lunges – THUP!
A flare again lit the sky, and they can see the blade protruding through the mouth of the guard, who stands there gurgling as blood pours down her throat. It is a woman; a faint scent of her perfume hangs over the tang of her blood, and the stink of gun fuel from the gun she drops as she dies. At least, Xiu-Li can smell it all (rosewater – and everything else too) as she guides the guard’s body – now a bloody, limp ragdoll – down to the ground. “Sorry, sir, my magpistol is depleted,” gasps Xiu-Li as she pulls her blade free.
Captain Matisou eyes the blade. “I see your Noble Butterfly is no mere cocoon.” He now looks more speculative than angry. “Well, thank you, Crewper Chen.” He looks around. “Anyone hurt? No? Good. Last R.P.!”
The last rally point is at a spot from where the Runners are just visible through the trees – eighty meters, about the length of an old traditional “city block” on Earth. Tania guides Taz’ri’an and Truhart guides a shocked victim over to Runner One while Deepshell hobbles along; some shots, getting closer, hit near them as they climb in.
Once in the Runner, Tania hands Venturiini over to Deepshell. “Three left.” She runs back with a boxful of fresh magpistol packs needed by the covering and blocking teams, and tosses them out. Xiu-Li helps her carry Forbben, whose burn has caused shock and unconsciousness; Dr. Truhart is very concerned. “Two left,” says Tania. “I’m not certain what order we’ll be returning in.” Back out they go, as rounds whang off the Runner’s hull.
Back by the two remaining injured crew, Matisou is off to one side, trying to comm with Takaguchi, while there is an argument under fire about who is most accurate (they should be given all of the weapons to provide covering fire as each of the pairs carried an injured crewper). Tania goes over to the captain while Xiu-Li takes cover by the tree to listen.
It is agreed that Aria Threnody has the highest accuracy, but Debitts questions her killing spirit. Xiu-Li listens for fifty seconds before she cuts in: “Sir, I understand that Lieutenant Commander Threnody is a dead shot with a magrifle. Even if she’s shooting at their feet, that will break their assault spirit; she doesn’t have to kill them.” Debitts now scowls at her. She goes on gently: “Also, sir, we need to conserve as much of our ammo for the next op as possible.” 
Enronn abruptly looks worried; he’d forgotten all about Timbers and Westphal! He hands Aria the magrifle. “Sorry, m’am,” he mutters as the captain and Manda scuttle over. 
“Okay, it looks like this bunch is still clueless, so all we have to do is get from here to the Runner and then get our guys and get out of here.” Matisou looks at them. “Who’s covering my back?”
“Lieutenant Commander Threnody, sir,” says Debitts. “She’s top shot.” He looks at her. “The best we’ve got.”
Matisou nods. “Okay, then, let’s get lifting, lieutenant. We’ve got a run to make.” He winces as a near shot cracks a branch and drops it.
Aria provides cover as Debitts and Matisou pick up Jonson, while Chen and Manda pick up Karaff. The memMetal stretchers are light, rugged, and give them plenty of handholds, making it easy as possible to lift and carry someone – especially for the men (Karaff was barely 50 kilos but Jonson was at least 100). Karaff has a broken leg, broken arm, and some cracked ribs; he looks pale and sick despite the pain patch, and although he is snugly tied down, he still moves and shifts as they semi-lope, making him gasp with pain. They can hear rounds cutting air and woods all around them as they go, and Threnody’s return fire from positions on all sides, firing as she runs, moving much more quickly than their pursuers can imagine. 
Threnody can hear them calling to each other, trying to estimate the size of the IWG force – their uncertainty delaying and frightening them, and they gradually stop following.
Finally the shuttleRunners are in sight. They get Jonson and then Karaff stowed in the Captain’s Runner and Dr. Truhart says he needs two minutes to get the five other crew stable; Tania helps him, while Enronn Debitts starts flightchecking both Runners, Threnody and Chen stand guard, and Matisou takes a moment to slow down, take a deep breath, and think. He was shaken by the injuries to Forbben, Jonson, and Karaff, and it was clear that Taz’ri’an, Venturiini, and Deepshell had been subjected to considerable stress as well. If this kidnap group was connected to the southern one, and had communicated with them, both Timbers and Westphal might be dead already...
Matisou looked around. Aria and Xiu-Li were still keeping watch. “Both of you okay?” They both nodded. “Good.” He looked at Aria. “We’ll keep the same teams; we’ll all head south together. It looks like we’ll have to land a bit farther away from the target, so that’s a longer hike in and out. Once we get nearer to the structure they’re being held in, we’ll figure out who does what. The Doctor stays behind in a Runner with our injured and a magpistol, plus Deepshell and a magrifle. You set our landing zone security. Are there any questions?
“No, sir,” said Aria.
“No, sir. It is congruent with logic,” said Xiu-Li.
He looked at the expression on Xiu-Li’s face. “Are you all right, Crewper Chen?”
Xiu-Li looked down. “My spilling of blood, sir... I fear I have dishonored us.”
Matisou looked at Aria, who actually gave Chen a concerned glance as well. He then reached out and touched Xiu-Li’s shoulder. “There can be no dishonor in upholding a warrior’s tradition. You did not choose this outcome, and your skill saved the lives of others. I’ve known you for several weeks; had you the choice, I know you’d have stunned them instead. But you did not have that choice tonight, and there was no other, except hesitation.” He sighed and shook his head. “You are not going to see me arguing in favor of hesitation, at least, not tonight, Xiu-Li.” He gave her a tight, wintry smile, and Xiu-Li looked less shaken. “I would be dead. Tania would be dead. Your old teachers would feel slightly empty. And you would have cursed your skills to your dying day – when your life demanded their application at last, where were they? No.” Matisou solemnly shook his head and said, “You have dishonored no one. You have honored a tradition of duty, and it is your natural goodness that makes you feel distaste for your actions, even to question the consequences of them. But the deaths were a result of their attack upon us. And there may be others ahead as well. We have plenty of fully charged magpistols.” He could see new spirit in her eyes – in all of their eyes, as he ended up addressing Tania, Truhart, and Debitts, who had finished their work.
The five minutes were up. “Let’s go!” said Matisou. He pointed to Threnody, Manda and Chen. “You three take Runner Two. At approach we’ll slipstream behind you,” he said. 
They followed Matisou’s shuttleRunner up and away from the city – they would fly out in a big curve over the forest and back to the city, stay away from local eyes, and approach the city from the south. 
Aria flew. Xiu-Li sat up front on comms. Tania sat in back. Xiu-Li looked at Aria. “M’am, in your opinion, did I violate my orders?”
Aria considered the question. “No, you acted with restraint and within all orders applying at the time.”
“I took life...”
Aria looked ahead. “There are rational reasons to do so.” She looked over at Xiu-Li. “It is always rational to seek a course that minimizes those times when no other options are possible. To try, through pre-planning and skill, to avoid irrational waste of life.” She checked the instruments. “And to take it responsibly when doing so is required.”
Xiu-Li frowned. “M’am, your advice sounds like what you’d offer a tactical officer.”
“That is a presumption on your part,” Aria said tartly. “But perhaps so. That is up to the captain and Commander Takaguchi, but it is certainly a most respected professional division of Space Fleet.” She looked at the nav screen. “Please go alert Ensign Manda about landing, and stay there for immediate deployment.”
“Aye, m’am.” Xiu-Li stood up to go. 
“Incidentally,” Aria said softly, “it would be wise to say some positive things to the ensign. It assists her in a crisis.”
“Aye, m’am.”
In the mid-bay, Tania looked at Xiu-Li. It was hard to believe this nice young woman had killed two people. “I just want to thank you again for saving my life!” she said. Xiu-Li blushed. “Do you study a fighting art?” Tania continued, a little too brightly. She was getting nervous about the upcoming action.
“I practice a traditional Chinese Wu-Shu art called Butterfly Sword,” said Xiu-Li. “It is very, very old.”
“It was beautiful – and you were awesome!”
“You are kind to say so. It takes great practice... But it does not require a new power pack to work.”
Tania gave a shaky laugh. “But you do need a sword.”
Xiu-Li smiled at her for the first time. “You would be surprised what I can do without a sword.” She felt the Runner banking. “We’re going to land really soon. Get ready, and follow me.”
“What do I do?”
“You follow me.”
“But I’m the ensign.”
Xiu-Li looked at her: Tania was serious. What does a hottie like Orlando Timbers see in her? “Yes, m’am. I clear the way, taking attention, while you follow up behind me, until we’re across the clearing and can cover for Aria.”
Tania looked at Xiu-Li, shook her head, and made a face. “Sorry, Jool. I’m really nervous. Just tell me what to do and I’ll do it.” Tania frowned and straightened in her seat. “Anything. At all.”
“It’s okay, m’am, just follow me.” Well, thought Xiu-Li, apology and admission are saving graces. Tania was certainly cute enough to put up with her spats and tantrums, but... 
They land twenty seconds later, and spill out into a warm, muggy, moonfilled night. 
Tania turns on her VEOptics, follows Xiu-Li across the clearing, then overwatches until Aria comes out and closes the shuttle door. Aria looks around and comes right over to them; she does not need any VEOpt night vision augmentation as her Niv eyes see quite well in the ambient light of a moonlit night. The captain’s shuttle drops in a moment later, right into the center of the clearing. Captain Matisou and Enronn Debitts get out, looking grave. Aria signals them and they head over to the edge of the woods.
“Set to e-mag stun against people, minimize injury... But do what you must do to get Crewpers Timbers and Westphal back to WHEELER. I do not intend to leave anyone behind. R.O.E. One. Is that understood?”
Everyone straightens up. “Aye, sir.” It is their formal acknowledgement of orders to kill if left no choice.
The city’s edge is dark. They move out of the trees and move along the walls of the darkened buildings. As they advance, they see and e-mag stun two figures; both are armed guards.
Their target is a building entrance across the street. Aria goes forward to distract any guards and Xiu-Li e-mag stuns the two men they find standing just inside the door, just as they begin to leer at the lovely Chief Engineer. Once inside, there are long dim-lit hallways off to stairs at either end, and one door straight ahead.
Matisou looks both ways. “This’ll get tight if we get cut off. You take Tania and Xiu-Li and see if they’re in there, we’ll stay here and keep the back door open.” Aria nods coolly.
They assemble by the door. Xiu-Li presses on the pad. She steps through the moment it opens and says, “Hey there!” then moves in at an angle away from the door, and away from the man sitting at the desk. He looks puzzled, but as Xiu-Li is very pretty he does not yet object. Aria peeks through the door, then steps through it at an angle opposite to Xiu-Li’s, turns, and e-mag stuns the man sitting at the desk. There are no other noises within.
Aria dodges behind the desk. There is a pair of boots and a box on the floor, folded material inside: underwear, and a Space Fleet crew uniform. Under it is a clear plastic box full of various datachips. 
She refolds the uniform and puts it into the mission kit bag slung over her shoulder... Then she adds the box of datachips as well – they might yield valuable intell information with review and analysis, especially if they were different from the other site. 
As Xiu-Li moves forward with Tania, Aria sees one of the doors along the corridor has a glowing panel of light on it, and knows it is their next destination to inspect…
That door crashes open to the sound of several magpistols. The female standing behind Orlando Timbers crumples to the floor. Several pairs of hands grab him and gently remove him from the harness. He is startled but unhurt. Aria says, “Take care of him, Ensign,” to Tania, then she and Xiu-Li go back out, magpistols ready.
Down the corridor there is a door with a small lit panel; inside that cell they find a clothed but badly battered Clinton Westphal, who waves when he sees them through his unbruised, unswollen eye, and grins with the teeth he has remaining. Xiu-Li quickly unties him and back out they go, keeping weapons ready (Westphal stops to briefly clean himself up in the sink).
The corridor is empty. Aria moves toward the far end and Xiu-Li takes a position by the desk. Captain Matisou steps through the door near her. “Are they here? They okay?”
Xiu-Li nods. “Yes, sir. Pretty well, considering.” He nods and frowns as he goes to see for himself. Xiu-Li resumes her search of the desk, then notices three plastic boxes of datachips in a drawer she opens. She looks up as Matisou goes into the room and Aria checks something at the far end of the corridor, then Xiu-Li puts the boxes in her pocket. A moment later Aria starts toward her, Westphal joins her, then Matisou, Manda and Timbers emerge from the room they had just found Orlando in. 
Xiu-Li steps out through the entry door and scouts as they head her way. Enronn Debitts waves all clear, and soon they are all crouched by the front door. Orlando Timbers is wrapped in a very large blanket, yet looks pristine compared to the battered Westphal.
There are distant shouts and Matisou darts across the street to a doorway outside as the four of them crouch in the corridor just inside the building entrance.
Tania gives Timbers two water bottles and grins as he just drains one, and the next. It is better than any wine or liquor he had ever tasted in his life, and as it clears his palate he realizes he can smell Tania’s scent, and the faint perfume Xiu-Li wears; he can even hear Aria’s steady breathing; all of his senses seem amplified.
Aria hands Timbers something – his boots. “Put these on now, Mister Timbers. We will be running a distance.” 
He puts them on, grateful they had found anything, and gathers the blanket around him. Aria nods, and first Tania, then Timbers, then Xiu-Li each run across the street, Aria taking up the rear. There is more distant yelling as they move along the edges of the buildings and put distance between themselves and the racket. Soon they are on the outskirts of the city, heading toward the woods there.
At the next corner the Captain scrambles into the trees as Debitts keeps cover, then withdraws. Aria listens carefully, then points at Xiu-Li and Timbers. 
Tania gives them a nervous smile, then up the ridge they scramble, into the treeline. Xiu-Li drops low as Timbers gets behind some trees. It is hard to get the VEOptics adjusted over the distances at night, especially as clouds and moonlight were dodging over the scene; Xiu-Li strains to see whether any other figures besides her crewmates are out there. 
She sees Aria touch Tania’s shoulder and point. Tania nods. Poor Tania, she must be so hyped she could pop! Aria crouches and moves – 
As Aria moves, a shot rings out, very close. She dodges back. 
Everyone freezes. 
Another shot – but farther away. 
They crouch in the darkness, uncertain. Xiu-Li crawls over to Timbers and both try to get a peek. “I can’t see anyone. Our people’re still okay,” says Xiu-Li. She smiles in relief, then studies Orlando Timbers. “You okay?”
“Ohh, space, Xiu-Li – I gotta take a leak!”
Xiu-Li is a real warrior. She looks around and matter of factly says, “We’re okay right now.” She looks at Timbers. “You’re certainly dressed for it.” He is wearing just his boots and the blanket. “Go ahead.” He moves around to the far side of the tree and she hears him groan as he goes.
Meeting them as they finally dash to the trees, Tania grins in manic relief. Aria’s comm beeps. She gives Xiu-Li the mission kit bag and answers it. “We are nearly there, sir. There is no pursuit, and I see no reason for you to delay.” She hears his reply and they continue their hike (a fast march to the landing area). After two minutes they hear muffled rumbles ahead and see a spark go shooting up into the sky. 
“The Captain’s Runner,” Xiu-Li whispers to Timbers. “He, Enronn, and the Doctor got everybody else; some are in bad shape.”
“Quiet, crewper,” whispers Aria. 
Xiu-Li looks abashed as Timbers nods his thanks to her. Tania looks back at the trail behind them. “All clear, m’am,” she says softly, in her most serious voice. 
When they reached the shuttleRunner Xiu-Li got Orlando’s clothes out of the mission kit and said she and Aria would wait just outside while he got dressed. Timbers was jerky and stiff; Tania offered to lend a hand, for which he was grateful. 
Xiu-Li used her medical kit to start cleaning up Westphal as Tania got Orlando Timbers dressed quickly. In moments they were on their way back up to the ship. The other shuttleRunner had already been docked for some time.
It took a little while before the Doctor could get to Orlando Timbers, but Truhart eventually got a chance to check him out and release him from sickbay. Tania was waiting for him, and they walked to her quarters, arm in arm. Orlando was exhausted, but he didn’t want to be alone (he did not tell her that, of course)... And neither did Tania.
Tania spooned behind him in her bed when they finally went to sleep. Happy and tired as he was, before he fell asleep Orlando Timbers still wondered if pretty Xiu-Li was sleeping alone, or was as happy as he...
Xiu-Li had been just as intrigued by the datachips scattered everywhere as Aria was, and had helped herself to a few handfuls as well. Just looking at their markings allowed her to roughly sort them into groups: popular titles (bootleg copy) or pornographic (in all categories: conventional sex, somewhat violent, very violent, all partner combos permissible, even creatures and animals). Whatever else the O.P.P. kidnappers had been, they also used this trade to fund their business. There was even a contact frequency. The existence of the violent chips neither relieved her nor reassured her about her own feelings. 
The first death had been an automatic throw of the blade in one instinctual move, but the second had taken three steps and a thrust – plenty of time to think. She had begun moving the moment the figure had popped out from the bushes, gun in hand.
On her first step: thoughts about cutting off the gun hand, but the figure raises that arm, and the gun comes to bear on Matisou. 
On her second step: seeing the gun pointed at him, Matisou’s eyes grow wide and then he frowns – 
Now her third step: the gun arm shakes, proably tightening the grip and trigger – Then a full extension thrust – and nerveless fingers drop the gun. Whussh! A flare explodes. In the harsh light Matisou looks a bit quizzical, then disappointed as he sees the death, then resigned. He nods. She apologizes… But he did not feel the person impaled on a short blade, bucking and kicking as their guts emptied out. Xiu-Li knew the blade had gone in straight and flat, missing all the major arteries but severing the spinal cord, preventing the final trigger contraction.
Xiu-Li thought back to the steps in terms of sound and smell: hearing screaming hate, and the smells of – one: summer woods; two: perfume; three: sweat, alcohol, perfume, and gun fuel. Thrust: stale smoke, sweat, perfume... A tang of coppery blood, then a heavy stink...
She shivered. I took a life – I turned it off... Shouldn’t I feel “bad” about this? Do I? No... That was one fekk of a blade throw, and then it took guts to use cold steel on another person. And the Captain... He reminded me about honor... Oh, it was strange to feel this way! Had she been wrong? 
Well, maybe she was! She had killed two people… Most religions were not in favor of her actions, but some made allowances; she was perhaps “justified in the sin,” as she couldn’t honestly see letting the two kidnappers go ahead and kill Tania or the Captain. She wasn’t wrong, exactly, but... This is now officially a pointless thought loop, kiddo.
Xiu-Li thought about Orlando and Tania... And Aria, an unusual figure of contemplation. Tania – not her type, really. Nice enough, worthy of support, but really... Cute enough, though, and she would be fun to teach some lessons to... Not that Xiu-Li felt the least bit “dreamy” about Tania (her time with Julissa had been pretty much goofing around; they hadn’t really fooled around very seriously). 
As for Orlando, well – she knew the best way to get Orlando off! And she really wanted to! Orlando was definitely her type (brown and soulful eyes, good body, interested in science and medicine just like she was...) so Xiu-Li would have to stay away (don’t be too eager, or any temptation) but keep a line open. In case Orlando moved on, as he often had before, so just in case, but not because she would influence it... 
Aria... Now, she was top of the list of those meeting Xiu-Li’s personal definition of “hottie,” or someone whose looks and character were simply so interesting that bio-gender did not matter. On a starship, meals could be very important social interactions, and Xiu-Li gauged her interest in others by deciding what meals she wouldn’t mind spending with them – and with Aria Threnody, she would most gladly meet for breakfast, lunch, dinner or dessert...
The door chime startled her. This late...? Then a soft tap – Julissa!
Xiu-Li almost fell off the bed. She picked up and pulled on her robe, skipped to the door – No one was there. She tilted her head out. Julissa Martines stood frozen in the corridor, looking back at the sound of the door opening behind her. As she saw Xiu-Li, her pretty face lit up and she waved. 
Xiu-Li shook her head, smiling, and waved her over.
After the door shut, Julissa grabbed Xiu-Li and hugged her very tightly. “Xiu-Li! Are you all right? Oh, Space! You are burning up, girl!”
Xiu-Li cried out and clung to her as if drowning. 
Julissa held the trembling, whimpering young woman as the shock really hit her. “It’s okay. You’re okay now, Xiu-Li,” she murmured gently. “You’re okay. I’m here now. It’s okay.”
“I-I-I killed – two –”
“I know, honey, I did a half watch helping out in sickbay. I know, Jool, I know you were right.”
“I didn’t want to!”
“I know.”
“Why did I have to? Why did they force me to – I didn’t want to, Julissa! Oh...” And Xiu-Li dissolved in tears, sobbing into Julissa’s chest. “It’s not fair!” she wailed.
“Shh, shh, shh – it’s okay, it’s okay...” Julissa just held her… After a bit: “Do you feel better?”
Xiu-Li nodded.
“I know your heart is hurting now, but you do know you did the right thing?”
Xiu-Li took a long, slow breath, looked at Julissa, and nodded. She took another breath and smiled, just a little, looking resigned.
Julissa felt a rush of warmth – she looks so sexy right now, smiling with her tearstained face. Xiu-Li was still young, but Julissa saw as her looking older somehow. She’s been through a lot. Maybe I’m a bit selfish to just want to fool around because she impressed the fekk out of me, and gave me some serious feelings for this sweet, hot rocket of a girl...
Xiu-Li sniffled. “Sorry. You came to – ?”
Julissa smiled. “I just wanted to see if you were okay.” She sighed. “I’m glad I stopped by. I heard – well, I bet it was pretty, umm, I mean...” She looked down. Her cheeks were burning. Fekk, I feel like I’m back in – fekk! She looked up. “I just wanted to say, I think you’re incredible.” 
Xiu-Li frowned (Julisssa’s heart skipped a beat), then smiled (Julissa’s heart pounded hard), as if waiting for more information. “That’s not the only reason, Lissa, I hope, I mean,” said Xiu-Li, wiggling in Julissa’s arms. “I’m sorta...” She looked at Julissa with puppy dog eyes. “Can you please stay? I’m sort of anxious, being alone right now... Please, Lissa?” Well that was true – although a good, solid cry had really helped. Then Xiu-Li sighed. “I’m sorry. That’s not fair.”
Julissa leaned back. There were tears in her eyes. “My God, Xiu-Li. Of-course-I’ll-stay! I’ll stay.” The tears spilled over and ran down her cheeks. “You don’t – you don’t even realize it, do you?” She shook her head. “Maybe you can’t – that’s just how you are.” More tears.
Xiu-Li was mystified. She rubbed Julissa’s back. “What do you mean, Lissa? And why are you crying?”
“Everybody knows by know! You saved the Captain! You-you saved Tania!”
“Oh. That.” Xiu-Li sighed. “I was just doing my job. And I wish I had other options.”
Julissa smiled through tears now. “That’s the point! I would’ve stood there trying to come with a thousand dopey alternatives and possibilities, and they would’ve killed them! You didn’t! There wasn’t time, and you saved them both!” She sniffled, smiling, “You’re j-just – !”
Xiu-Li smiled. “I’m just a Fleet crew member.”
“No, you – you’re – uhmm –”
“Shush. Why don’t you take off your shoes, mariposa?”
Julissa sat down and began to slide off her shoes. Her eyes were on Xiu-Li, who was starting to feel weird all over again – 
I’ve never been anyone’s hero before! 
Xiu-Li’s head spun, she sat down, and looked over at Julissa. “What a day.”
Chapter 04 - Promotion 
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER 
Cape Of Velvet, Beta Hyphi System
28 January 2173 - Friday

Xiu-Li raised her glass for the traditional toast (the Captain had already given the other traditional toast, “Absent Friends,” at this traditional promotion dinner). “It is very strange and wonderful to be so proud, and yet have this opportunity occur at the expense of others who were injured,” she said. “I honor and respect them, and as I expect to serve with them again soon, it is with special feeling that I now say – to the Service, past, present and future!”
“The Service! Past, present, and future!” Everyone drank.
Matisou nodded at her. She took a deep breath and sat down. As junior officer, she had now countered the Captain’s toast and they could all finish dessert and start to break up the dinner.
For Xiu-Li it had been a surprise to be called to the bridge earlier for a discussion with the Captain. Matisou was in a pensive mood. “Ahh, Crewperson Chen.” It was hushed on the bridge.
“Sir.”
He looked at his DPaT. “Crewper, it seems that recent events have left us short on our duty rosters. The only question is –” He looked at her. “Which Division would you like to be promoted into as Ensign?”
“S-sir?” She was very aware that bridge crew was actively and visibly ignoring them as they listened hard for every word.
Matisou nodded and smiled. “Yes; promotion to Ensign. The question: which Division? Science or Tactical? Both have duty roster openings, each can use your skills.” He chuckled. “You have strengths and talents in each area, and would learn in each.”
“Tactical? You trust me after – ? Uh, sir.”
Matisou looked at Debitts, who looked down at his array board. Aria and the bridge crew all looked elsewhere. He leaned closer and said quietly, “Ensign Chen, you... Saved my life, and other members of your party. You applied unconventional force and technique, but the task required a certain specific outcome, and you managed to apply your skills to the situation to achieve it. Had you not acted in the best interest of the service, many people would now be dead or injured – that was a flechette gun that trooper was holding, did you know that?”
Xiu-Li shivered. “No, sir,” she squeaked. 
The bridge had fallen dead silent. That little bit had not come out yet, as only Matisou had seen it close-up. Had the woman squeezed the trigger, even a very brief burst from a flechette gun would have killed Matisou and anyone up to twenty feet behind him – which was most of the team. Matisou looked at Takaguchi, who folded his arms (after the action their own discussion became heated at this point, as his first officer had once more railed about the risks the Captain kept taking). Matisou looked back at Xiu-Li. “You do know the weapon type?”
“Yes, sir. I couldn’t see what it was and had no chance to check later. Sorry sir.”
His voice dropped lower, so only she could hear. “I think I need to add that I overestimated their technical skills – I worried they were hiding a reserve force, and held mine back – had we sent them in as your original plan was, we’d have had more people available in the treeline and would have had the extra stun charges we needed to suppress pursuit. You might not have been placed in that position.”
She didn’t know what to say to that. “I never thought about that, sir, and I should have considered it; their weapons were all current issue, they could easily have also had camouflage. I won’t miss that again.”
Matisou and Takaguchi exchanged glances. “Aria tells me you have done a good job in your systems intergration team assignments as well as your Science Division tasks. I know they would hate to lose you, Jool...”
Xiu-Li frowned just a second. “Sir, I am ready to go where you think I can help us best.”
“You have no preference then?”
She smiled. “Sir, I’m just a crewperson on board your ship. I don’t think I’m in position to know which job I could do that would help our mission best. All provide challenges I find acceptable.”
Aria quickly looked down at her board. Takaguchi’s eyebrows went up. 
Matisou shook his head slowly. “Well, then, since I trust you, let’s make it Tactical.” He drew to attention. “At 0700 tomorrow you will report to Commander Takaguchi for your Division orientation.” He saluted.
“Aye, sir!” Xiu-Li saluted. As she turned to exit she saw Tania wave at her, and she blushed and smiled.
That evening there had been a traditional after-action dinner attended by those surviving it who were able (Chef and Truhart made certain the injured got special meals as well, of course). Eating a meal after a disaster was the best way to reconnect people and ease through the shock, and Chef had fresh fish appetizer, a sausage lasagna, fresh bread, salad, and a maple silk pie. They had eaten, had wine and wild Velvet coffee – then the Toasts, with shots of Deep Blue Belter. 
Now the traditional dinner was over. They all seemed to have liked what she had said, which she had thought about since leaving the bridge earlier. 
Lieutenant Commander Threnody left first – she almost lived in her engine spaces. The Doctor followed, and then Tania Manda, the Captain, and Enronn Debitts. That left her exiting with Commander Takaguchi. “Good evening, Ensign. We start early in Tactical, not like those Science sleep-ins.”
“Yes, boss.” Takaguchi almost glared, but couldn’t quite bring himself to be that tough yet. He nodded curtly instead and headed to the bridge.With Jonson and Forbben down, he needed people, and Chen had sensors expertise which Tactical Division needed as a whole. He was tired of relying on Threnody, who had literally only a percentage of time she could give to them for their esoteric and slightly hostile projects. He knew Chen could probably handle 80% of their weapons engineering, and could obviously fight. She had been an obvious choice to make up the injury losses in his Division.
Xiu-Li slept poorly that night, but she was pretty happy anyway. Ensign Chen – Space!
Chapter 05 - Ice Turbulence 
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER
Cape Of Velvet, Beta Hyphi System
29 January 2173 - Saturday

The ice was unexpected and couldn’t be detected until they were in it, and the ship began pitch and bank as Nunez and then Debitts tried to fly them free. They were leaving Velvet – further contact on this trip had been limited to re-supply only, and those parties had carried concealed weapons just in case – and the ship hit a trailing Trojan point patch of ice as they crossed the orbit of the big outer gas giant. The advance shields should prevent hull damage until they could slow enough to lower that risk further, and then fly out of the cloud. 
“We’re trying!” Debitts yelled to Captain Matisou as he came tripping onto the bridge. 
Matisou threw himself into his chair. “This reminds me of an ocean trip I took to Antarctica,” he said as he belted in. “We were halfway there when a storm and heavy seas hit us. Seventy to eighty foot rollers swept in on the ship. Helluva ride.”
The interactions of ice granules and shield fields caused unusual pressures and forces against the hull that were not found in “open vacuum.” WHEELER operated rather poorly under these conditions, with large rolls and pitches which no amount of graviton field buffering or the inertial recycler or other adjustments could fully handle. It yawed like it was skidding, it wobbled, weaved, and rolled dreadfully; Matisou went to Action Stations just so people would be belted in, braced up, or at least awake.
Ensign Xiu-Li Chen, newly promoted into Tactical Division, was trying to secure an e-mag mounting baseplate with Commander Takaguchi when the call went out that someone was in need of medical attention in the quartermaster’s section. Truhart replied that he was in the middle of a procedure, and asked what the nature of the emergency was. The crewper on the other end said that Ensign Timbers had been injured by shifting cargo – his injuries were not life-threatening, but he needed assistance getting up to the medical section. 
Takaguchi paused, and so did Xiu-Li. Would they call for a Med Q.R.T., in which case she would have to respond? 
Xiu-Li looked at the first officer, braced comfortably despite the wild motions of the ship. Takaguchi was using the time to study the contact surfaces he would be heatbonding, perfectly at ease. He seemed not to care that he was down here and not on the bridge in the crisis; both he and Captain Matisou were always calm, even when furious. How did they do it? Where did they put anxiety when they had it?
On Velvet, Xiu-Li was sure Matisou had been about to arrest her for violating his Rules Of Engagement order, but he wasn’t screaming or bellowing about it (ending up looking into the muzzle of an enemy flechette gun as he had, that would have been difficult to apologize about later). Instead, he was able to shift gears and his approach completely once new data was learned – despite his anger, he still had both a core of calm restraint, and a thinking, calculating mind.
Instead, she got an early promotion and was now being taught tactics by the first officer, and now integrating tactical ship systems directly with the chief engineer or her senior lieutenant, Wolfredo Lobo, rather than just running cables with five other crew and two ensigns. That had been more fun, but these projects were more challenging, and a most satisfying test of her skills – especially all the new ones.
The bridge finally responded that personnel were on the way. Xiu-Li looked at Takaguchi, he nodded, and together they heaved away on the ratchet drivers to force the big plate into place at last. 
Xiu-Li thought about Orlando Timbers as Takaguchi started on the heatbonding of the baseplate; it was probably Tania coming from the bridge, as comm could be spared the fifteen minutes it might take to get Orlando Timbers from the QM section to medical. The crew was aware of (and respected) Tania’s desires for privacy, but all sisters could detect her chaos even if they were uninformed – they all knew Tania was going to help Orlando.
Everyone liked Orlando Timbers, but the sisterhood of the Fleet had standards which “sisterhoods in general” did not: the prime rule of the Fleet sisterhood was “Service before Self.” It meant that no personal relationship should ever cause a change in one’s performance of their duties. Unless at risk of death, given the ship’s conditions, it was the “higher duty” to stay on the bridge rather than go off to help someone who could wait or make it there themself... Or was that Xiu-Li being overly harsh because of her own anxiety (Orlando was tough – why would he need help?) 
She put it out of her mind – there were magCharge contact points to be checked once the plate job was finished, then a clearcheck run through.
Hearing he had been released from Medical section later that day, Xiu-Li called; Orlando would “be unable to resume full duties for a week, but the leg would mend fully,” said Orlando’s friendly, albeit sleepy message, played when his number was called.  Xiu-Li left a message wishing him well, and went to work out.
The air popped slightly as she entered the gym compartment, but maybe that was her: Xiu-Li was tired. She went into the lockers. “Oh, hi,” she said.
Tania Manda jumped. She looked sad. Had she been crying?
Xiu-Li peered at her. “Hey – you okay?”
“Y-yeah. Just hungry after a work-out.”
“You sure, Tania?”
Tania looked down. “Yeah, all this – this excitement the last couple of weeks, I’m –” She looked at the wall, then back at Xiu-Li, biting her lip. “Orlando and I are taking a break, we decided. Today.”
Ouch! Xiu-Li nodded neutrally but with sympathy.
Tania nodded, but with her own thoughts: “A lot going on, just some time to let things settle. Go out to movies with old friends or new, like we used to.”
“Um-hm.” Xiu-Li went to her locker. “The comfort of old routines.”
“Yeah-h-h...”
Xiu-Li nodded and turned to her locker. “You better go eat something. Main Café closes at twenty three hundred.”
She looked relieved. “Thanks, Jool...” It was 22:43. She hurriedly slipped into her uniform. “I hope you have a good work-out.”
Xiu-Li gave a bloodthirsty grin. “Always.” The butterfly swords clanked as she set them down.
The air popped slightly as Tania exited the gym compartment. Xiu-Li turned to her locker, thinking... Tania and Orlando. Hmm. Interesting match... Didn’t last long... So... What about Orlando? 
Since the rescue on Velvet, Orlando had been unusually friendly (that hero thing again) and Xiu-Li had dreamt some outrageous things as she dreamt about whether she should’ve snuck a peek at Orlando under that blanket or not (Tania be damned!) – but “sisters in arms” weren’t supposed to steal partners, because jealousy caused discord. 
Given that humans spending long times under isolation and stress will want to bond and socialize, they could not be ordered to stay apart, which then required punishments and potentially worse problems than relationships did – but anyone getting into a relationship had to be extremely discrete. There were enough people on board that nobody had to be jealous… Anyway, Xiu-Li believed that sisters didn’t steal from each other, and so she would just wait a little bit and see what sort of “breaktaking” Orlando and Tania were really doing. There were other crew, after all.
To be entirely honest, she was also starting to think about Aria Threnody. A lot. The beautiful, moody loner was smart and fearless. Whenever Xiu-Li thought she was getting too silly about Orlando, she would just think about Threnody for a few moments – to get really silly, she told herself. First of all, she wasn’t sure whether Aria was a “sister” in any way. Second of all, Xiu-Li wasn’t sure whether she herself was a “sister” or not; Julissa and she had sort of – well, a couple of times, they’d kind of – anyway, then they’d sort of drifted... And that was okay. With both of them. Now Julissa Martines had been seen at the bedside of Wentlin Forbben, and Xiu-Li was dreaming about Orlando Timbers, so Xiu-Li wasn’t certain what was going on inside of her these days. 
Xiu-Li couldn’t be jealous of Forbben (Julissa was “moderately high maintenance” as relationships went) and was secretly relieved she found herself free to maybe pursue, ummm, something? With... I mean, just if he likes me, like I think he does, then maybe we might... ? She laughed, out loud, and picked up her gym bag. Her work on sensor integration was about to move into a different phase, and she would be working more closely with both Aria Threnody and her next in command, Lieutenant Wolfredo Lobo, who was a steadier version of Timbers, but one of the most private and serious members of the crew.
Her next consideration was Orlando Timbers (AGAIN!) So if they are taking a break, then…?
Hmm... Something to think about on her beach – later! Ensign Xiu-Li Chen stepped to the center of the gym and raised her butterfly swords toward the unseen stars. Okay – Now – keep the beats steady!
Chapter 06 - Hell’s Butcher Shop 
Planet ESPC 12, HD-19373 System (Iota Persei)
5 May 2173 - Thursday

Ensign Xiu-Li Chen regained awareness and then opened her eyes. By then, sound and stench again confirmed her present surroundings as unchanged from the last time she’d passed out, so seeing them was... She closed her eyes. 
She was in Hell’s butcher shop. 
And no one else was left alive to get her out…

XIU-LI
A Resources Survey Mapping Party did not usually have a Tac officer in it, but Captain D. “Bert” Matisou was being much more careful these days. And when newest Tactical Division Ensign Xiu-Li Chen wasn’t tying down e-mag baseplates during turbulence, or teaching fighting skills (and also learning, from Commander Takaguchi, more than she had wanted to believe she needed to), or cleaning all of the weapon contacts (from the big e-mag guns to magpistols, Tactical played a role, and there were 40 magpistols and magrifles – each – just for starters!) or taking a brigwatch (of all things!) – she was “available” for exactly this sort of duty.
HD-19373 [HIP 14632/“Iota Persei”] was a G0 star 34.3 light years “north” of Earth and SolSys, first visited by humans almost a decade before in 2163, but not “hazard cleared” for further exploration or colonization as “many unusual environmental findings” were examined (no one wanted a repeat of the Niv experience, so this was now considered routine).
It was 53.5 light years from the star Cape Of Velvet orbited, Beta Hyphi. That had meant ninety five days in hyperflight, three months full of mission planning (goals, geographic areas, mission maps and task timelines) and operations preparations (science packages, personnel gear kits for the surface teams, rations, sleep tents, and so on). 
The science mission was under the charge of Lieutenant Kimsen Ramble and his deputy, Lieutenant (j.g.) Thierry Ribaud, but primary ops prep and plannings were undertaken by the always extremely capable Lieutenant James (“Dopey Jimmy”) Herkle, one of the ship’s most liked Command Division officers. He would lead Team B’s four members on the first canyon survey of this expedition.
Then there was the Orbital Mapping Team, which converted a shuttleRunner into a giant mobile radar-camera-map data collection platform; the orbital Science Division lieutenants and ensigns working on targets to observe and making lists, endless lists, of them; and there were some hopes that shoreleaves missed on Velvet might be worked in after a week on station. After the five week trip in hyperflight to Cape Of Velvet, their disasterous reception at Velvet and then a very uneasy week while they resupplied, and then thirteen and a half weeks in hyperflight transit to HD-197373, they were a crew eager to finally start work.
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER came out of hyperflight transit safely, emerged into realspace, and began to move in through the system on MirMat, passing the outer gas giants and scanning en route to the inner system. Finding the system “free of radio signals or other emission evidence of intelligent life” (the Fleet handbooks defined it very specifically because systems like the forested worlds of Jade, Cape Of Velvet, Heart and HD-19373 were all reeking oxygen, chlorophyll, and just enough trace methane, to scream out LIFE in general), Matisou ordered final approach to the target planet – which some were calling “Percy,” because as seen from the Earth in Sol system, HD-19373 was within the constellation named Perseus.
The orbital groups started work the moment the stars and planets appeared again, working their scans (including ones looking back out toward the gas giants and beyond) as Dr. Truhart, doubling as the acting science officer (“purely administratively!”) had them all jumping. As compensation for having to double up his medical and science officer into one on WHEELER during this mission run, Matisou had gotten all the best Division lieutenants available, and it was a good group of self-starters who were awed they were being alllowed out at all. 
Truhart’s nearly relentless quest for precision kept them sharp when they presented any project proposal ideas to WHEELER’s “Science Administrator” for approval (or a surgically precise dissection of the rejection), and resulted in a very efficient, unusually creative set of projects for the collection of information. Matisou knew a “real science officer” would have found it chaotic and not-by-the-book, but no one could argue with Truhart’s application of medical science to data study when the results began coming in from the two databalls they had left along the way.
HD-19373 had been part of a “free navigation” survey (FreeNav Two 2162-2165) which went first to Tau Ceti (11.9 light years from Earth) then on to HD-39587 (35 light years from Tau Ceti, to a sunstar with a planet now called “Heart”). From HD-39587 (“Heart”) the transit to HD-19373 was 24.1 light years. After this planet, the ships on the survey had returned home to Sol. At 34.3 light years distance from Earth, the planet at HD-19373 was the last leg of a long, long jump into the dark for two heavily laden drumships (the new graviton composites were not developed until 2164, so the older spin-gravity systems were still in use) which lumbered along, trying to survey at least a little bit of an awful lot, in as short a time as possible. Most of it was done by robot “databalls” launched and used as remote platforms to explore and record data. After an initial analysis and review, a dozen sites were identified for an actual ground survey and a local sampling visit. 
The 2163 HD-19373 survey mission had set up two base camps on the planet surface and worked outward from there. Both were cleared out when their survey was concluded. It had been a very short mission, with results tantalizing enough to make the planet worth a more directed mapping survey, especially for some “rare earth alloys” which were critical for “doping” the graviton composites used in starships to provide internal gravity. 
A “Rare Earth Alloy” (REA) was an unusual combination of “rare earth” elements, the same as found on Earth in small amounts, but blended into a new metallic alloy with unexpected quantum properties. They were discovered in the Belt, then found in old planetary cores in the Gem Isles, at the binary system Procyon A/B. The stellar explosion creating the white dwarf B star had burnt off the crusts on its two remaining outer planets and one around the companion F5 A star, exposing the cores while the dance of the binaries eventually tore up any other accretion bodies that did manage to accrete and form. This exposed their cores and made the Gem Isles a tremendous source. REAs were a perfect example of something undreamt of on Earth: not an undiscovered element but a new natural alloy formation, only learned about once it had been discovered, and only discovered by leaving Earth and looking around in other places.
Certain REAs were needed for both MirMat and FTL drives. Belt supplies were haphazardous compared to large asteroid bodies with rich veins of different high grade alloys running through them, as the Gem Isles had. It made the Gem Isles a hot-bed of starship engine drives construction, on a pace to rival Earth’s Belt Yards. It also moved REAs to the top of the critical resource list. Then in 2164 N. Hensridge discovered one alloy had graviton field generating qualities. This revolutionized starship construction and redefined REAs as above the top of the critical resource list.
There were other conditions that could expose REAs: on the pleasant blue green planet circling HD-19373, there were reports about a heavily canyoned, deep impact area which had very high REA levels. At a minimum this represented upheaval in the surface rock down to core levels, but some thought an impactor might be the source, a core remnant chunk that had sailed in and either scattered itself through the range or gone in under it, the residual heat causing the range itself to form.Whatever the source (and if they could figure that out, great), it was there, and now WHEELER was present to better quantify and map the size, grades and range of the REA deposits. As there were also questions of extracting any deposits found, Chief Engineer Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody was Mission Leader, in charge of nine crew; they would work in two teams of five, with the experienced Lieutenant Herkle in charge of “B” team.
Since the rescue mission fourteen weeks earlier, Xiu-Li had found herself relentlessly rewarded for past good work with more work, and lots of it. Captain Matisou had even sparred with her in the gym, and it was clear she needed more “mud” on her “classics.” If Matisou had used the same “dirty tricks” which Commander Takaguchi had been teaching her, then the Captain, with his weighty experience, could have really hurt her. Being Captain, he was too honorable to cheat, although she was certain he knew everything Commander Takaguchi knew – and a lot more besides. Xiu-Li was actually working on her gravity skills and striving for a less than deadly response menu – even if it meant fighting dirty, in the “classics” sense.
In any event, as Aria and the Captain were reviewing the plans for the mission, he said, “Oh yeah, you’ll need security along too.” Matisou looked over at Takaguchi. “This should be an easy mission. Bit of a hike, though.” They all knew Ensign Philip Knight was an excellent Tac officer but somewhat deficient in his physical fitness. Takaguchi looked at his roster list and said, “Ensign Chen, then.” Matisou looked at Aria and raised his hands – okay?
“Acceptable,” replied Aria, familiar with the non-verbal cues of her captain.
So Ensign Xiu-Li Chen found herself hiking along the floor of an old lava tube (a “rille”) with Chief Engineer Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody and eight of her fellow crew, including Markis Karaff, cleared for a chance to get out. Julissa Martines was also along (the last person Xiu-Li had “been with, sort of” before Orlando... )
Trouble there. After taking a break from Tania, Orlando Timbers had been on the rebound, even if he said this didn’t matter. And wanting Orlando had been better than having him; it was a little clearer to Xiu-Li now why Orlando and Tania had worked so well as a couple, and perhaps even what Orlando saw in Tania – who Xiu-Li liked but could hardly imagine being “involved” with. And even if her dates with Orlando had been pretty passionate lately, it was still very early on – just a few weeks? – We seem to be doing well, but... Xiu-Li shook her head. This change in scenery was very nice.
They were supposed to split into two groups to do a fast, broad preliminary survey, and return to their camp by shuttleRunner One for data review and an overnight. The following morning they would pick up camp and hike to a final target zone, where they would stay for up to two nights, then hike back and return to WHEELER. On this first hike it would be up to Lieutenant Ramble and his Science Division team of Ribaud, Karaff, D’Arial and Addams to decide if there was enough around and ahead worth surveying to keep them there for 72 hours or whether to modify the plan and fly somewhere else tomorrow. 
Aria Threnody’s “A” party was Lieutenant Ramble, Ensign Martines, and Crewpers Markis Karaff and Kirk Dalby (the Engineering Division member); Lieutenant Herkle was second under Aria and would lead the “B” party of Lieutenant (j.g.) Thierry Ribaud, Ensign Xiu-Li Chen, and Crewpers Clarissa D’Arial, and Barry Addams. At the moment Addams and Ramble were leading the way over and through the terrain, Addams on point, Ramble setting the course, everyone else following – usually scrambling, as Addams and Ramble were often very competitive.
Xiu-Li climbed between two boulders. The roof of the lava tube had collapsed long ago, but while lava had flowed through the tube, the heavier “rare earth” elements had settled to the bottom of the slurry and then onto the botttom of the tube. It was a question of percentage and grade plus the presence of any possible larger “accretion nuggets” as to whether or not there was a deposit worth mining. Since these “rare element alloys” had become so critical in doping many of the materials used in modern starship construction, they were “an essential and strategic resource,” worth claiming – and even possibly defending.
Sure, you could fly around in a drumship like CALIPER, one of the ships which had done the 2162-65 Free Nav 2 Survey (Xiu-Li was twelve when it started; she had put ship and crew holos on her roomscreens) but trips in hyperflight always required a drum shut-down. This meant several weeks in zero G, and it was not comfortable travel for many. Then there were all the transitions up to and out of drumspin and gravity – they took a lot of time, and the centrifugal and Coriolis effects inside of a 100 meter drum spinning once every thirty three seconds or so were really unpleasant on the body and inner ear. It was like an atmospheric jetcraft in a constant turn.
Xiu-Li looked up at the clouds scudding by. It was another of her Favorite Science Moments to imagine herself as Nate Hensridge, out in the Gem Isles, just goofing around, accidentally discovering that certain applications of energy and vibration to a very specific grade and type of Rare Earth Alloy caused a local gravitational field to form – 
That alloy could be formed into a composite. The composite was able to create a gravitational field, and after a lot of purely empiric testing and re-testing, the first ship with artificial gravity entered the Fleet in 2167 – the year Xiu-Li entered Space University on Earth. By the time she graduated in 2172, it was no big deal – JOHN A. WHEELER, launched in 2171, had very sophisticated gravity control systems, but ten years earlier a rotating drum like CALIPER’s (creating gravity via centrifugal force) had been State Of The Art… And REAs had made it possible.
She chuckled. I haven’t thought of Nate in years! Now, where were guys like Nate Hensridge in this day and age? Xiu-Li laughed out loud (quietly – “Ha!”) Easy question – they are all out getting rescued from their latest wrecked test ship ( – “I really thought I had it set right this time, it just, just –” Nate had said. Just crumpled into a ball? I haven’t seen that before, good looking, you trying to impress me? A fifteen year old genius of some kind, with your own ship? Ha-ha! You’ll have to try harder – but not very much!) Xiu-Li was glad she was where no one was looking back at her face – she had the goofy grin on her face that thinking about Nate usually gave her, rare though it was that he came to mind.
Everybody got that way. Planetfall triggered memories and new recollections with every encounter, as one took stock and compared old with new. And a good hike got endorphins surging like any decent workout – or sex – did. Xiu-Li was hiking; she was growing both nostalgic and generally physically stimulated. And with REAs their target, it was only natural to think about Nate Hensridge – he’d been her first love, first lover, and her experiences since had revealed how lucky they had been together (except for him living in the Gem Isles, eleven and a half light years from Earth at Procyon A/B, which was a lot further away from the Station at L5 than Earth, the Moon, or even the Belt was). 
It had been a short but extremely delightful romance after they finally pried the frame of a twisted airlock apart enough so young Xiu-Li could slip inside and pass the cable Nate needed to climb free. She had been fourteen and Nate was fifteen, and her mother said if either had been a year older, they wouldn’t have fit through in their vac-suits. 
Mom never minded Nate – I guess she liked him; thank Space she never met Cesar! Xiu-Li looked back at Threnody, who was taking wide angle scans of areas behind them. I wonder if Aria ever had a Nate? Or if she just got the Niv versions of Cesars (Mr.disASTER!)... or any Orlandos? Hm. Maybe I should ask her advice – “Lieutenant Commander Threnody, I’m just starting to get involved with this guy and I’m not sure he’s really ‘over’ his last girlfriend, even though we’re kind of fooling around a bit –” And Aria would say, “Please, Ensign, clearly define that terminology. Engineering is not an imprecise science.” 
And I’d say – meet you after work? 
Xiu-Li shook her head and picked up her pace. Getting silly. Clarissa D’Arial looked back at her and giggled. “Me, too!” She took a hop off a boulder and landed ahead of Xiu-Li. Did I say that out loud? I am getting silly! 
At least Clarissa was a friend, a crewper who had outranked Xiu-Li in service time but was the first to celebrate Xiu-Li’s early promotion to Ensign. Since she was quartered right next door, she had also helped Xiu-Li cope with life on a starship… Especially after the violent events on Cape Of Velvet. 
It had seemed terribly embarrassing the first time Xiu-Li had woken up on the deck of her quarters in a wrap of sweaty sheets, Clarissa kneeling down next to her, responding to a scream so loud that she had heard it through the hull metal wall between them. Clarissa’s father was a commander in Space Fleet but had been in ground actions in an army before joining the Fleet. Before Xiu-Li could even decide whether to deny her nightmare, Clarissa had said softly, “You’ll be okay. My dad got those... It’s your brain at work on some hard things.”
“How did you know?”
“I heard you scream.” Clarissa had looked away. 
Xiu-Li then realized how loudly she must have screamed – so no point denying the obvious. “Th-thanks. I… I couldn’t run.”
Clarissa looked back at her and smiled. “You were either all tangled in your sheets or you had a ‘frozen dream,’ during the semi-paralyzed state of sleep.”
“Oh, of course.” Xiu-Li was able to take a deep breath. “Thanks, Cee.”
It had happened again; the second time Clarissa had brought along fixings for hot cocoa and coaxed Xiu-Li into talking about it, which had helped immensely. The answers to some questions Clarissa asked her revealed new perspectives of historical information and emotions which had good practical sense analysis applied, rather than just Xiu-Li’s rather more pitiless, relentless approach to her own actions… And to her fears, which did need some airing out and further distillation.
She saw Clarissa stop, look back at her, then ahead, and back. “Pretty, hmm?” she said as Xiu-Li drew near. “Do you think Lissa needs a break?” She fell in beside Xiu-Li.
“Mmm... Not yet.” Julissa Martines was pacing Markis Karaff, who was chattering away into a dataStik (and also to Martines). Julissa looked back at Xiu-Li, who smiled in sympathy. 
After his rescue on Velvet, Karaff recovered fairly well, but was now newly high-strung and probably having anxiety attacks. This mission was in his area of expertise, the area for study was both rugged and isolated (there were no signs or sensor indications of a current local large animal presence for a hundred kilometers in any direction on this volcanic range), and so Dr. Truhart hadn’t objected. Markis Karaff was definitely starting to respond to the work at hand; he was calling his readings in to Ribaud and constantly urging him to tell Ramble, whenever he wasn’t pestering poor Martines with comments.
As for Ensign Julissa Martines, she was the hydrology expert (there were glacially fed river systems ahead), and Crewperson Kirk Dalby was along to provide a body – Dalby was a big, smart, strong hardbody from Engineering Division, along in case the Runner had mechanical problems, but good in a fight too. Just in case.
Martines turned and mouthed HELP! with a grin. “You’re on, Cee,” muttered Xiu-Li. “Good luck.”
Xiu-Li watched Martines walking ahead, D’Arial now on a scramble after them, then looked around. Her own job was security so she held no scanners, but carried a magpistol on her belt and a magrifle slung over her shoulder (“in case you meet an angry space moose,” Takaguchi had said; she was a Tactical Division ensign, she was in no position to refuse: she took the weapon, clearchecked it, and put it on – and she did carry a Tac DataPad and Transmitter [DPaT] scanner/comm unit). 
In any event, Xiu-Li would not be spending time with Karaff this trip. She was on an uninhabited planet with no major large fauna nearby, a tactical officer designated as “the official security presence.” At the moment, walking along a narrow lava tube meant one good blast down it could kill them all, so Xiu-Li thought her presence was symbolic, as she wouldn’t be able to do much once killed.
Aria Threnody ranged around, moving fast. She was doing everything from scouting with security in mind to taking some readings herself. She was responsible for both the overall party and for the taking of measurements – they wanted four different “general sets” to be averaged together from the main tube, and at least two sets were needed from each five person group when they reached the tumbled area far ahead that was their target, and split up to survey it. For the moment, she scanned the walls and floor of the collapsed tube.
Aria climbed onto a boulder. Xiu-Li watched the Niv’s frame ripple with muscle. She knew Niv were stronger than humans, and wondered by how much. Aria looked down at her as she passed. “I am going to try and contact WHEELER; this appears to be a clear contact zone. Please ask Mister Herkle to halt for a ten minute break for water and rest.”
“Aye, m’am.” Xiu-Li scooted off after the others, turning a bend ahead.

ARIA
Threnody tried a comm on her EngDPaT. Comm conditions had been complicated by the narrow twisting geography and the presence of both rare earth alloy deposits and other minerals as well. Static fuzzed loudly, then Aria could just barely hear WHEELER acknowledge (Manda – who had been more moody than usual of late about her “break-taking” from Orlando Timbers).
There is a thumping “boom!” and part of the rocky walls ahead start to rain into the tube. 
As a great dusty roar fills the air, the ground shakes and Aria topples from the boulder. She manages to tuck herself into a ball before crashing onto the ground, then tries to ride through the tremors until she could breathe again…
Once the roar subsides she stands up and starts forward. Just around the bend, the tube is choked with huge blocks of rock. 
She calls out; the only answer is another roar of rockslide, somewhere up ahead. 
She tries using the comm to raise the survey party – silence, and cruel static.
She stands there. Later, she will reflect on her mental state, but all she does is stand there; after about eight seconds Aria Threnody shivers, turns around, and climbs back up onto the boulder. 
This time her hail comes right back – Matisou himself. “Aria. We may have company coming in here.”

TANIA
The Captain seemed to know exactly what to do, Tania kept telling herself, so be calm, because he knows what he’s doing. 
The appearance of a large ship followed by two smaller ones at the extreme outer edge of the system by the gas giants (seen on the databall feed and transmitted via its hypercomm) made the entire bridge crew gasp. Although received clearly, comm exchanges between the three were unintelligible, and the look on Commander Takaguchi’s face as he tried to identify them made it apparent to her that these were actual aliens.
The Captain stood up, his face going cold. “Enronn, I’m going to want to get that moon between us and them as soon as we’ve raised the landing party.”
Debitts looked around, a question on his face... Then got busy with his navigation board. Matisou looked at Tania. “What’s the signal time in realspace from there?”
“Two hours, eight minutes, forty five seconds sir.” That was their current 15 Standard Unit distance at the speed of light, plus 0.5 SU distance the databall was at, on an angle off the ecliptic plane. 
The starships were on the edge of the system, near the largest gas giant, 15 SU from WHEELER, seen from the databall with a delay of only a second via hypercomm. A starship could cover a lot of realspace in just seconds of hyperflight, so they might be due to arrive at any moment... But the ships weren’t heading inward. Flashes of light and hot pulses of energy were visible, passing between the larger ship and both smaller ships.
Matisou and his first officer exchanged glances, with some relief evident – the ships could fight each other out there as long as they wanted to. “I can’t quite get an identity yet, sir,” Takaguchi reported tightly. 
Matisou nodded. As long as none of them vanished into hyperflight (insanity, so close to a big gravity well anyway), then they would take some time to maneuver...
The comm crackled from planetside: Aria Threnody, her voice hazy in a static filled signal. “WHEELER, go ahead,” said Tania, but static and warble was the only reply, then it dropped out. 
Matisou gave Tania a nod and said, “Keep trying.” He looked at Takaguchi. “We may have to use a Runner to keep an eye on them if we try and stay hidden behind the moon. I want to stay out of this. In fact – Enronn, can you calculate what the heading of the big one was before the others showed up?” On their current track, they were pursuing each other around the far side of the gas giant and would be going behind it in three more minutes – a perfect time to get WHEELER moved without being seen. Matisou flexed his fingers. “Think we have enough time to get them back up here?” he said quietly to Takaguchi.
The first officer looked at his Tactical data fields and bit his lip. Then Takaguchi shook his head. “Not unless they’re pre-flighting it this very second. We must presume this area can be observed directly on line of sight, and perhaps scan as well. Moving outside the atmosphere to meet us can be tried just once, and it will advertise our presence.”
In a moment, Enronn put up a graphic: it was clear the big ship’s probable track pointed toward the planet WHEELER was orbiting.
The comm crackled, then Aria, very clear, hailing WHEELER.
Matisou said, “Aria, we may have company coming in here.” 
There was a buzz of static: one of the ships had exploded, lighting up the suface of the dark moon facing them, causing the atmosphere of the gas giant to flash with light in a bright ring.
“Space!” hissed Enronn. The bridge crew watched the view monitor in shock. A moment later the big ship came wobbling into view – “He’s gone into orbit around the moon!” said Takaguchi.
Tania was very scared in an instant.
Aria’s voice, very clear now: “Captain, there has been an large avalanche which separated me from the group. There is no answer to voice or comm –” It broke off and there was a gasp “– and at present I am going back to the Runner to try and fly over a rockfall which has prevented my advance on foot.” They could actually hear the sound of her feet thudding on the rocks, and Tania shivered – Threnody was running, at top speed. 
She snuck a look at the Captain. His brows were creased, eyes worried. Takaguchi had his arms folded. Matisou looked at the monitor. One smaller ship emerged from behind the planet, tumbling slowly. “Your E.T.A. to the Runner?”
“Ten minutes.” 
Tania could imagine Aria, legs flashing, running over the rocks. 
The Captain took a deep breath and shook his head. “Two small ships and a bigger one entered the outer system firing on each other; the big one was heading this way. We will break orbit and use the moon to hide us. Proceed with whatever measures you see fit and monitor us every four hours but do not try to make contact until we contact you. Condition 17-C.”
“Understand all orders. Candle 17-Candle Out.”
Tania felt her stomach lurch. Aria’s slight emphasis on “all,” the Condition 17 (it meant an alien hazard) – now she knows there’s a big problem up here – No matter what happened, Aria would be down there alone, alone because Xiu-Li and everybody else had been caught in an avalanche –Orlando! Although Tania had “been taking a break” from Orlando Timbers for a month and a half, she was still Orlando’s friend. Orlando had been dating Xiu-Li for a few weeks or so, and Tania had a sudden thought – I’d better tell him before any rumors reach him. Tania tapped in a text and sent it, also giving Orlando her next break time (unless new events prevented it).
And then Tania Manda tried not to think about Aria Threnody, or poor Xiu-Li. She had work to do here – intercepts to track, and the strangest language – that’s what it was, they were guessing – she had ever heard. She shivered. That’s because it’s the first alien language any of us has EVER heard! 
She looked over at Matisou, who looked back and grinned. “Keep those channels clear, Ensign. And make sure you and the observation teams are getting it all.”
“Aye, sir!” Tania gulped, and got to work.
Matisou looked at his helmsman. “Okay, Mister Debitts, please get us behind this planet’s moon.”

XIU-LI
Xiu-Li scooted around the bend and ran lightly over the rocks until she could see the group, which had already stopped. 
“Dopey Jimmy” was looking back for her and Aria, while everyone else drank water. Martines was listening while D’Arial spoke to Ribaud. Ramble was talking to Addams and Karaff, waving his hands, trying to describe something both smooth and a covering – probably a thick deposit, or perhaps cracks in the tube floor that were filled up – yes, that’s what it was. That would be a very heavy concentration of material along the length of this rille.It was a lot of alloy, and if it was the right grade, a lot of graviton composite. Other REAs had other uses, so this was a major planet-based deposit under an atmosphere – and under a beautiful G0 sun, just like Earth. Perfect.
Dalby was rearguard, one of her old pals from the cable teams. He nodded to her as she passed him. “Chief’s just behind,” she said. Ahead, Martines turned to say something when there was a deep cra-ack–BOOM! and the rocks above Dalby gave way – they came loose and fell vertically, choking off the gully and catching Kirk Dalby under them. 
A dark, roaring cloud of dust filled the air as WHEELER crew stared at each other.
“The whole mountain’s going!” screamed Addams, starting to run. He and Ramble took off, running up the rille. 
Herkle looked around and said, “Let’s move it, folks!” A boulder rolled into his leg and shattered his ankle; he gave a great gasp and fell. Ribaud took one side and Xiu-Li the other and dragged him forward and clear. 
After forty meters they reached a wider semi-circular opening made by previous rockfalls. They stopped to get their breath and splint Herkle’s leg – Xiu-Li’s medic skills clicking in, while Ribaud checked everyone else quickly. The ankle was profoundly smashed, but the imobilfoam she sprayed over it would cushion it and prevent most movement. She gave him a pain patch as well.
“Ambushhhh-shhgrkkk!!” One word. Screamed once, from somewhere ahead. 
Cut off abruptly.
Herkle looked around. “Did you hear that?” Xiu-Li nodded; so did Martines, D’Arial and Ribaud. Karaff had started shaking, and now he huddled against the rock wall. D’Arial went over and rubbed his back, but there was no real response. 
To Xiu-Li, it had sounded like Ramble, and the word ending in a half gasped gurgle suggested a throat injury. She didn’t verbalize her thoughts (Karaff was already a wreck) but the expression on Herkle’s face indicated the same sort of thoughts running through his mind. “Magpistols ready.” His face was grim and gray. He looked at Xiu-Li. “Scout the way, with Martines as relay. I’m going to try the comm.”
“Aye, sir.” Xiu-Li drank a water ration – it was very hot here. She was aware they were all staring at her. She was about to go forward into an unknown force, alone. She didn’t feel particularly brave or heroic: she was actually just plain curious whether there was an ambush ahead or not, and happy she would know first.
“Nervous?” whispered Martines as Xiu-Li slipped past her.
“Curious,” whispered Xiu-Li in reply. Martines gave her a grin.
It would be a neat trick to advance up the gully without being seen – she looked at the boulders and rocks on the ground and started crawling. It took her ten minutes to slither her way far enough forward to see that the gully opened into a wider, flatter area. There was a fissure in the far wall but she couldn’t see if there was any outlet or if the gully continued. There was movement – shadows, a flash of material – but nothing specific. There did appear to be blood on the rocky trail ahead, beyond the wider area. 
Xiu-Li slowly crawled back and reported, drawing a map in the dirt. Karaff now seemed catatonic, while Martines, D’Arial and Ribaud were keyed up but still rational (“calmly tensed”), while Herkle was their rock.
A nervous rock. As Ribaud and Martines moved ahead to take watch, Xiu-Li drank some water, watching as Herkle studied the map. They had no outlet for retreat, and there were an unknown number of hostiles ahead. He shifted his leg – he must be in great discomfort, even if the painkillers were working – and took a deep breath. “Could you see who they are?”
“No, sir. Wearing same general uniform type we are, a field jumper or overall, darker colors. I couldn’t see details but there were no flashes of color or fringes or things.” She finished her water. They could wait, or they could move forward. If they waited, the enemy would have to come to them, but could instead just drop more rocks onto them, if the objective was merely to kill them. One of the strategic problems here was no clear idea what an enemy using both indiscriminate rockslides and subtle ambush was seeking – their death, or capture? Their element of surprise was gone but the enemy position was better, even if all they did now was wait until the WHEELER team’s supplies ran out. 
The primary concern was the risk of another rockfall, which would kill WHEELER crew and deprive them of any chance to either strike back or even try for a breakthrough – an option that took a lot of gutsy desperation to try. Herkle didn’t like the idea of sitting there until the enemy blew the mountain down on their heads again. To run forward most likely meant immediate death under weapons fire, but they might hit some of the hostiles, and surprise might even gain them a breakthrough. “We’ll run forward in squads,” said Herkle. He pointed to D’Arial and Martines. “A.” Ribaud and Karaff and himself. “B.” Then at Xiu-Li. “You’ll go free-range and cover us?”
“Aye, sir.” As peaceful as Xiu-Li was, her instinct to defend her friends – and herself – was blood strong now. This might all turn out to have been a misunderstanding, but they had to survive first to learn that if that was the case… She realized he’d asked it as a question. If he needed a volunteer, he must think it was dangerous.
They dumped all non-essential gear and loaded their mission kit bags with water, rations, survival gear. It was very quiet as they did. Herkle kept trying to look like he wasn’t in pain and poor Karaff just slumped there, not responding. No one knew if he would go when they ran, but Ribaud could carry him (so could Martines or Xiu-Li, for a couple of hundred meters at least). The main question now was Herkle, who would hobble at best and fall down quickly at worst (but could, and would, order them to leave him behind).
Xiu-Li went first, crawling her way to her previous point. They would move up along the opposite wall until they were even with her, then move on as two squads. She would parallel them on the other side with a different angle of vision and return fire, if there was any.
They get Karaff to his feet and the party moves forward –
Everything happens at once:
Karaff jerks to a halt, screams – and bolts forward.
Xiu-Li jumps up and tackles him to the ground, raising a cloud of dust. Karaff shouts, kicks and rolls beneath her; he thrashes and moans in terror. Xiu-Li hears scrambling behind her – Martines crashes into the dirt next to them, and D’Arial takes up a position on the opposite wall, just ahead of them. She fires forward.
There is a crackle of return fire ahead of them. Martines takes aim and fires: there is a dying roar.
A dull crack – rock explodes from the rocky walls above them.
Martines pulls on Karaff and Xiu-Li scrambles out of the way as a large slab slides right into D’Arial’s spot on the wall. 
Two large shadows move forward, moving to D’Arial’s site – 
Xiu-Li stands up and fires – two full power magrifle pulses at the rock walls ahead, then one at each of the advancing shadows. 
Two grunts – a roar of falling rock ahead, hoarse screams cut short – 
Then silence... Pebbles falling...
“Space, Jool – you got ‘em all,” says Martines. “Right back at you, you creeps!” she shouts.
Xiu-Li looked over to where D’Arial had been. 
Martines saw the glance. “She’s gone, Jool.”
Xiu-Li looked back. “I have to be certain, Lissa.” She tossed the magrifle to her friend. “Get Karaff back to Herkle and Ribaud.” 
Martines scowled, slung the rifle, and started dragging Karaff. “Be careful, Jool!” she called softly.
Xiu-Li darted across the gully, where the haze of fresh rock dust drifted still. She found D’Arial pinned tightly against the wall of rock by the giant fallen slab. 
Clarissa D’Arial was conscious and did not look to be in pain. She grinned at Xiu-Li. “My foot tickles, but I can’t feel it.” Her eyes were a bit glazed. “Oh, Space, I’m thirsty,” she whispered. 
Xiu-Li had two water rations in her pack. She took off her outer windshell, folded it into a pillow, and knelt down next to D’Arial. She carefully put it under Clarissa’s head.
“Space, I’m s-so thirsty.” D’Arial was in shock, and dying.
Xiu-Li opened the ration. “I’m so sorry, Cee. I’ve only got two.”
“Oh, space, yes, Xiu-Li, please, please, I’m so thirsty.” She laughed weakly. “It’ll be like old times... Oh...” Xiu-Li poured the water into Clarissa’s open mouth. “Mm, th-thank you! Mmmm!” When Clarissa was finished, Xiu-Li resealed the empty bottles.
Xiu-Li tenderly cleaned off Clarissa’s face. There was a shout – from the gully ahead – hostiles. Clarissa was now screened if one didn’t know she was there (all of the hostiles who had seen her were now dead). “We’ll be back for you, Cee. We’ll get you out.” 
She gave Xiu-Li a weak smile, but D’Arial’s eyes were rolling slightly as Xiu-Li slid out of the from under the slab and crawled backward. Xiu-Li knelt there a moment and checked her magpistol: out. 
It makes things harder, especially as she can hear one hostile calling to another. The call is a cross between a hoot and some garbled syllables and clicks – language, but which one? She crouches, takes a deep breath, then starts running back toward their rally point.
Halfway across an energy blast whines out and shatters a rock on the ground just ahead of her.
Xiu-Li twists around as she hits on the sandy grit and throws her first blade – sees a head jerk back, trailing red – then she’s up in a sprint. 
They fire at her as she races forward, and she dives toward the rocky gap, under the covering fire of Martines, just ahead of a wall of roars, hoarse screams and thudding feet – she lands just outside the gap, behind a rock, across from Martines.
Xiu-Li lies there panting and changes power packs as Herkle and Ribaud both go lurching forward, roaring, “WHEELER!” and back up Martines. 
A rush of feet – Xiu-Li pops up and fires, a roar of pain – a heavy body thuds onto her – her second blade flashes, she shoves it deep –
Roar-shouts, in front of her –
– now behind her –
Whine of a power pack – 
Herkle screams, Ribaud coughs and groans – there is a rumbling roar –
The third landside hits them.

TANIA
WHEELER had just reached the moon when the smaller ship broke orbit and moved toward the inner system, on the same course the bigger ship had been on – toward planet “Percy.”
“It’s using a drive with a MirMat-type signature,” Takaguchi said. “That could get as high as a third speed of light, pretty fekkin’ fast, and putting them six hours out – unless they’re in a crazy hurry and jump it,” he finished in a mutter.
Matisou turned to Takaguchi and said, “Let’s get that mapping Runner ready for fast response and use it as our sight observer.”
“Aye, sir. Armed or rescue response?”
Matisou frowned with worry. “A little of both, I think.”
“Aye, sir.” Takaguchi looked a little worried too, noticed Tania.
Matisou looked at her. “Ship-comm clip. Let’s update the crew.”
“Aye, sir... Go.”
“This is the Captain. We are taking steps to avoid being seen by some ships engaged in their own dispute. Lieutenant Commander Threnody is flying to investigate reports of an avalanche. I will keep everyone updated as I am able. Remember, people, keep putting one foot in front of the other and everybody makes it through together.” He cut it – Matisou preferred to solve the problem and then give a fuller report after the fact, especially since so much was still unknown now… He was also a good speaker, and he had never needed to recut a ship-clip that Tania could recall. She set it up and broadcast it.
They had put the moon between them and both alien ships with no problems, and sent the shuttleRunner forward to a position in low moon orbit, just over the horizon. Hanging against the moon’s crater battered face, it was operating passively and difficult to see, using the telescopes to look and old fashioned antenna dishes with low power receivers to listen. The view was perfect (they could see both ships and relay both databall and real time images), and everyone was on strict “comm for priority ONLY.”
That meant little for a comm officer to do until the Runner’s recordings of system traffic were returned (they were considering a tight laser comm beam from the Runner, but were not yet decided; as for her own sources, the moon now shielded them, except for the outer system databall still tracking both starships).
Tania had confirmed the language being used was unknown to any Earth/InterWorld Group data base. It wasn’t a dialect, it was not an Sol variant alternative language (like Nivn – the only Reprogram Plan the Niv people had famously refused as being just “too stupid” to do), but it wasn’t modulation ghosting, a techno/natural artifact, or just gibberish with clicks and slurping: things repeated. There were glottal stops and pauses, certain tone-sets reoccurred. 
It reminded her of the first times she had ever heard traditional Asian languages: there were structures, but her ear had taken some time to find them, even when her brain told her they were there. Tania was no linguist – everyone in the IWG spoke Standard on space business, and literally until this moment there were no really “alien” languages, just different human ones – but she had excelled in her cryptography courses as part of the Tactical component present in comms work. She had perhaps eighty seconds of material from each ship so far, but... She informed the Captain, who nodded as if he knew already, keeping his face blank: “See if there’s any structure, but don’t lose too much sleep over it; it may be quite a while before any of this makes sense.” 
That was two hours ago, and since then the small ship they called an “Egg Boat” had reached the planet and taken up a geosynchronous orbit, roughly over their survey area below. She had set up cryptanalysis protocols for further contacts (using phenome stops as code group points) and a program so all the comms traffic from both WHEELER and its shuttleRunners could be run and analyzed.
Dr. Truhart was very curious about it; he had been on the bridge with Takaguchi, trying to deduce things from the very brief, very long distance views they’d gotten. There had been no other actions, and her watch was about to end – in fact, Ensign Drury was stepping through the door. He saluted the bridge/Captain and walked over to Tania. “M’am, I am reporting for duty,” he said formally, and then saluted her.
“Sir, you have watch,” Tania Manda replied formally, saluting him back. “Phil, we’re maintaining full ‘comm for priority’ status and monitoring all traffic in the system via the Runner; two alien ships are fighting each other. One’s now in moon orbit at the outer gas giant, the other’s in a geosync orbit over this planet, right where our Runner and survey mission is planetside.” She paused. Drury looked so shocked. “Umm, breathe, Phil... There you go.” Tania checked her comm board to give him a chance to get used to the idea – he was serving on the bridge and needed a clear picture of the situation, which had details the average crew was still unaware of. “Nine members of the survey mapping party were cut off from Chief Threnody by an avalanche three hours ago; no contact has been made since; the Chief was going to fly around the area and see if there is any sign of them. The Captain will decide when we will return.” That was pretty much everything. 
Drury was her equal in service time, and very good at the basics and creative use of technologies (just not tops in cryptanalysis). He knew proper performance and didn’t need prompting. Now he nodded. “Status report acknowledged.” He saluted again. 
Tania saluted and stepped away from the communications station, Drury stepped forward, and the change of watch was complete. She looked around the bridge, where the same process was now repeating itself as the whole watch rotated over fifteen minutes (it was staggered so the entire bridge did not change at the exact same moment, leaving stations unwatched; and the Tactical underwatch and engineering stations wouldn’t rotate for another thirty minutes more, although Tania doubted either Takakguchi or Matisou would be leaving the bridge any time soon).
She caught a glimpse of Matisou’s face as he huddled with Takaguchi by Tactical; they’d paid no attention at all to the change of watch around them. She felt like personally telling him she was going off duty, but by now knew that she would be called if they needed her, and there was no point in not eating and sleeping – both required for best performance – and that Matisou would not want to be interrupted if he was hatching plans, which his serious but confident expression appeared to indicate.
At least they were safe, for now. Tania moved toward the shiplift door, feeling her fatigue setting in as the adrenaline started to fade. She knew things might be different down on the planet. Aria might be caught up in a landslide herself, dead or unwilling to indicate the presence of others by calling for help, even if not killed outright... Or anything. As the shiplift door closed, she thought about Orlando, who was meeting her for dinner... And the long wait ahead for more information from the planet’s surface. 
It would be night soon down there, and she wondered what Aria was doing – and how Orlando was coping with the news of Xiu-Li.

ARIA
Aria Threnody looked up at the moon and debated her options for a moment as she meditated on its craters and behind it, the presence of WHEELER…
It would be dangerous to travel at night, but her vision was much better than normal human vision (especially at night; Tau Ceti was a little dimmer than Sol, and the Niv had designed eyes which covered a darker range), and it was a three quarter moon. She would run the risk of being picked up on infrared scanners, risk which could be reduced by staying under the foliage – whether the unknown ship was even looking was another variable (it was prudent to act as if they were, so she would). Staying put to rest was an option, but she did not yet need rest, and she knew that any survivors were probably not getting any either. As she walked, she reviewed her report to this latest point –
She had reached the shuttleRunner soon after signing off. Once airborne, she saw a wrecked ship, roughly Runner sized, had sliced through some trees; it had been easy to miss the entry scar when they had landed earlier, and it was luck that had she caught the right angle to see the hole through the trees and the wreck.
She banked immediately, dropped into the sunstar setting onto the horizon, minimizing her exposure as much as she could (invisible in the setting sun, she calculated). It was just a short hop past the hole in the trees and the crashed ship to the avalanche scar area. Aria had stayed so low she had whacked branches and now she dropped the Runner in under a canopy of tall trees with all the skill of a trick pilot (she brought it in backward, setting up for quick exit). The branches overhead would assist in hiding it from general orbital scans.
Then Threnody sat there shaking. It took her more than three minutes to settle herself. She was up to Position 23 of the First Meditative Movement before she was calmed enough to stop the thought exercise and open her eyes. When she did, she was Niv Threnody. On the ship, she wore mental blinders and padding; it let her blend in a bit more easily – on WHEELER she was more “Earth Human,” less Niv.
That was no longer the case at this time. The sniff she took could smell dust leaking in from around the hatch edges; the sounds she could hear through the hull were all registered and sifted for any threat. Her movements were now lightning fast and precise: what the ultimate blend of fast twitch fibers and adrenaline being moved by the crystalline guidance of intention produced. Aria sighed – to dissipate some of the intensity. This was crisis, she wasn’t supposed to feel good about it – on the other hand, if this is feeling confident to the task, then so be it!
She went into the rear and took the magpistol out from the officer’s locked hideaway box – just one clip in it, standard. No spares.
That wrecked ship had looked as if it had been damaged rather badly by space weapons fire (melt and pinpoint blast holes), and then by some shield problems on atmosphere entry (scorched black streaks across surfaces and in some seam areas), and it had been hard landed – but survivably. It was on the other side of the lava tube “rille” valley, and it was damaged beyond repair at this point (the hull had breached). 
Its presence meant the WHEELER party was not the sole group of sentient intelligents currently out here. Sentient intelligents, not humans – the ship that crashed out there is not a human designed ship. Aria looked around the shuttleRunner, then went to the main compuSys core. She opened the panels and got to work, thinking about the alien ship as she rigged a line that would destroy core, contents, and probably the shuttleRunner if anyone opened this door without checking with her first.
She had recognized the alien ship’s parts, of course, spread across the gouge in the ground and exposed through the hull (fuel pumps and Higgs field coils were universal) but they were – different. The curves were of odd shape and the ship frame was just slightly iridescent where it was exposed – and still intact, where most human frames would be gone, smashed. It wasn’t Niv, it wasn’t from one of the Niv Offshoots – this was alien, scaled for approximately humanoid frames and bodies (there were no large water or gas tanks inside it, or alien creatures laying about gasping for air or water or whatever they needed; her extrapolation was a rational one).
It raised implications.
Aria grinned mirthlessly (“It raises implications” – The Great Niv Understatement!) and took a deep breath. It might mean additional rescue resources. That would require a degree of altruism not often found among humans or Niv, but which did occur in both groups – Captain Matisou had it, for example. Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody did not, and she knew it. She did do the “right things” most of the time, but often for other completely different reasons. If the aliens were altruistic, great; now she thought about what less altruistic sentient intelligents might do...
The crashed aliens probably needed life resources; if they had been human, they would be slightly more likely to hoard and try to add to their stores – even by force (unless a Matisou-like sentient intelligent was among them). This might mean the survey party had been under observation, so an accidental mis-step landslide or deliberate avalanche was a possible tactic, since no one had felt the area was in any way geologically unstable as they had advanced. There had been no ground tremors before the fall.
Recalling the event, there had been a cracking boom – she had interpreted it then as rock splitting and falling, but that was based on no other sentient intelligents being present in the area. Explanations now ranged from a mis-step to deliberate action, which included use of power weapons and other explosives. It also could be related to the activity going on in the system, where other attacks had just occurred. It was unpleasantly possible the survey party had been attacked outright – and not by human “O.P.P.” thugs this time.
Aria had only gotten a very quick glimpse of the alien shuttle before reacting, and the damage to it – whether it could fly or not – had been her main concern. If sentient intelligents had been aboard they could have survived and could either plant charges or use a blast weapon to make a rockfall occur, as a tactical maneuver or an automatic tripwire boobytrap… Like the one she now finished rigging in the shuttleRunner’s compuSys core. Aria knew the boards were easy to tripwire (and did so with some encryption codes), and it was the core of the compuSys – with plenty of random and other information about Earth, the InterWorld Group, and humanity – which could not get into alien control.
It was prudent to continue concealment, so she had carefully approached the avalanche site, climbed down, and looked it over. 
There was one body buried under the rocks, a WHEELER crewper – she couldn’t see who it was, but gray stripes on the field uniform legs meant it was engineering, and the size – Kirk Dalby. Threnody felt cold despite the still heat of the dying day. Dalby… 
It was quiet inside the lava tube – sounds above it were muffled. She took a slow, quiet, breath, ‘Listening’ – but she could not sense any other clear, sentient intelligent minds within five hundred meters of her. There was nothing else in the immediate area of the rockfall... But up the gully her eye caught something fluttering. It was a water wrap label, and when she reached it she could see a mission kit bag under a rock just ahead. Aria moved forward and came to a wider pocket in the rock tube.
Here there was a pile of gear – and two bodies. Crew bodies: Ribuad, scorched across the chest and half buried under a hill of gravel slide, and Herkle, one leg obviously smashed, the other one cut off, chest buried under a pile of rocks. There were blast marks on the rocks and walls. Anyone not killed in the rockfall was missing.
Just up the gully was a broad channel. Here there were alien bodies, a number of them... And one crew, crushed by a fallen rock slab. It was Crewperson Clarissa D’Arial. There was a very peaceful look on her face and a datastik recorder near her head – she appeared to be sleeping, her head resting on a folded windshell, but Aria’s sensitive nose could smell the torn body beneath the huge slab of broken rock.
Aria sighed, picked up the datastik, and looked over the scene. Three alien males were sprawled near D’Arial’s body; twelve meters beyond them three males and a female were laid out dead around the gully mouth ahead, while just beyond them and up the right side she could see Addams and Ramble – Addams had been blasted, and Ramble’s head was nearly cut off his body. The aliens all wore dark, single colored jumpsuit-type field uniforms, similar in design and function to what she herself was wearing. Space faring, intelligent, well organized aliens. Violent ones… What an unpleasant way to finally meet sentient intelligents. 
One of those sentient intelligents near D’Arial had a shiny blade sunk into his head. It was a butterfly sword. Aria’s stomach flipped – Xiu-Li wasn’t here now, but she had been. 
Aria took a deep breath. Xiu-Li will want this back, and we might need it. It took all her focus to pull the butterfly sword out of the dead sentient intelligent’s head. It wasn’t very bloody, at least. She looked away as she wiped it on his filthy jumpsuit, searching for the path the aliens had taken here. There was a scar on the mountainside above and a dimple in the gully wall ahead...
She looked down at the dead sentient intelligent male. He was just under two meters tall, a broad shouldered, heavily muscled, soldier-type (bandolier slung over his dark jumpsuit and heavy boots). He was dark haired, short bearded, with pale white, creamy skin – or maybe that was sallow death. They had large heads, two eyes with vertical pupil slits, peglike teeth that looked sharper than human teeth, and noses with small nostrils. Faces were muscled enough for expressions – this one was surprised, that one was blank, the other had an angry expression, showing the teeth... Or maybe that was agony.
Aria looked away and “breathed without breathing.” This was what every cynical human had always claimed would happen at first contact with aliens: instant conflict, to the death. It was exactly what the Niv had planned for, and yet she knew how unprepared they all might really be.
Perhaps this was all a misunderstanding. In fact... Threnody was puzzled. Two legs, two arms, two eyes, one head – I’ve met an alien and it looks like a beefier version of us? She knew of some Niv Offshoots who were biologically farther out there than this alien appeared to be. 
Naturally, she had no SciDPaT (which was specialized in the scanning and collection of science data) but her EngDPaT could get heat, sonic, materials analysis, and some other sorts of scans. Aria held it up and hit the COLLECT DATA pad; after a moment she looked over at the trail behind her. 
The EngDPaT beeped – she’d gotten image and whatever else it could capture. Now she had to balance time versus opportunity. 
They could fly the shuttleRunner on remote from WHEELER, once they resolved their situation. She had to think of her mission as an ongoing sweep – she would be following her people to where they were taken, and she would probably not be returning here. Maybe no one ever would, depending on what else was happening in this system.
She ran to the party’s last rally point and grabbed a mission kit bag, dumped it out, ran back to the three aliens by D’Arial. Threnody only gagged once as she went through the zip pockets of the aliens, taking whatever was in them and dumping it into the bag.
She looked over at D’Arial. The wind blew through her blonde hair... And she was perhaps only sleeping... Aria gasped and ran back to the gully. Once there it took a few moments to get Dalby’s chrono, and then Ribaud’s cross, and Herkle’s dizni-charm. She used a kit bag she found to repack all of the water and most of the gear (not wanting to leave materials for alien analysis), and then it took just a moment to set her magpistol and shoot two more rockfalls.
Threnody trotted back to the gully mouth, where Addams and Ramble were probably ambushed, and the three males and a female had been killed by a rockfall – WHEELER’s crew, returning the tactic and killing four, due in part to shrapnel effects from shattered rock. They had broader faces and higher cheekbones, but they really were quite human looking. The female had a surprised look on her face; just slighty smaller than the males, her face was – she looked like a human who looked like a cat. Her eyes must have been purple, and the high cheekbones were to assist with using the teeth, judging by the way her mouth had relaxed and exposed them. She had two breasts, small but distinct.
Threnody emptied their pockets as well, took Ramble’s chrono and Addams’ ear stud, and moved on. She couldn’t risk firing a slug shot here if the alien camp was nearby, as she suspected it was… Aria moved forward another thirty meters. There she found a fissure in the gully wall, with a trail going up it. 
Here she paused. Consider the available information: Addams and Ramble had tripped an ambush but had warned the other rockslide survivors, giving them a chance to regroup. Most people had survived the rockslide. 
They had run into a party of at least eight hostile sentient intelligents, with six male and one female sentient intelligent dying in the ensuing encounter. There had been a firefight, with Herkle and Ribaud dying in another rockfall. This presumably caught D’Arial and buried the two dead crew, and caused incapacitation which had allowed the capture of Martines, Chen, and Karaff (Aria did not believe Martines or Chen could be taken alive if awake and able to resist).
The aliens might have gone in either direction along the lava tube, but it was very difficult to climb up out of it. This fissure was a natural ladder, the only one in either direction before the avalanche created a precarious ramp and rockface that only a desperate person might possibly try to climb. This fissure was the most logical path to take to get out of the gully and return to a prepared position up the mountainside. 
Aria studied the fissure. Boobytrapped? If so, what type? Tripwire, sensor (motion, light, pressure, sound?) Even a vidchip with remote trigger was possible – and these were just the first three categories she thought of initially (it was pointless and terrifying to try and speculate about wilder extremes yet). If they had ships whose drive guts she could recognize, there were likely other techno parallels as well, probably including Rare Earth Alloys and a fondness for G0 stars – no, don’t think about that now – Okay. If she could eliminate some techno traps then she could judge her chances better. She started looking.
Because she was Niv it only took her ten minutes to decide the fissure was reasonably risked (nothing she could detect). Threnody climbed smoothly up the narrow trail. Once it reached the hillside above the gully it flattened out and the walk was easier. Furrows in the soil in some places suggested dragged feet; in the setting sunstar it was difficult to tell, when the ground dipped away into shadow – then the sunstar dropped below the horizon completely.
Aria saw the trail curving left, while a hill began to rise up to the right. There was a faint track up there; if she backtracked, she would be able to climb the hillside and look down on the main trail below. 
As she walked back and started the steep climb up, she was aware of the fantastic sunset in the distance. Night would play a new factor in her plans, and she stopped to think about how best to next proceed. There was enough tree canopy going up this hillside to shield her from orbital detection and enough thick general brush below her to screen from infrared from below. She could see that the trail she was climbing on did parallel and overlook the trail below as it wound along the base of the hillside. She could move forward and might even spot signs of an encampment.
It was getting dark, and the stars were coming out. There was a cool breeze coming off the hill, and under different circumstances this would be fully pleasing; as a Niv, at least she knew it was irrational to feel guilty for the very nice sensation of feeling the breeze generated as it passed over her, and Aria just enjoyed it. So she watched the moon rising over the horizon, drinking water, plan-checking. Then she started hiking, reviewed her report – and after two hours it was nearly as dark as space under the trees and the trail was getting rocky. She was exhausted and aching from the bangs and bruises she’d received – she had to stop for a break now, or else arrive incapable of assisting or responding.
Aria found a good, strong tree, isolated on a bluff edge, and climbed half way up. She wrapped two straps around a thick tree branch and slung her sleeptube hammock below it. She crawled in and lay there a moment, just to rest her muscles, let her body – and let herself – relax. After a moment she unzipped her mission kit bag and pulled out a food bar and some water. After eating, Aria looked at the datastik – there was a fifty three minute message on it, recorded that day, soon after the time of the avalanche. She put it back in her pocket; it would help to keep her awake later, so she’d review it then. 
For now, she put herself into a restorative trance, meditating…

TANIA
Orlando Timbers ate the rest of the “blueberries” from dessert as Tania checked her messages. There was a number code text from Drury: “no changes.” It was nice he’d thought to send it. 
She and Orlando had somehow found their appetites when they went to eat, and then retired to Orlando’s quarters for a few drinks and dessert (thawed berries, from the supply runs done after the incident on Velvet). At dinner Orlando had been quiet at first, then opened up. “They” (Xiu-Li and he) were just getting started; it was a shock but they hadn’t been in love like... Well... 
It’s me! (…Yes, I feel guilty, but...) It’s me! Then Tania had changed the subject. She always minimized the true depths and extents of her various relationships when talking about them with her current lover. It didn’t matter now, anyway – even if Orlando preferred to hug and cuddle much more often than actually make love (Tania had found it a little annoying... Until she had missed it when she needed it: like now).
Orlando had thought Xiu-Li was a bit intimidating, maybe. Not that she wasn’t tender and caring, she just needed time between tasks to change her moods, and some were dark indeed (as a Tactical officer and medic). Xiu-Li was capable of all the coolness of a Niv, but the personal price was revealed on the pillow after fooling around. Yeah, Orlando understood, but after a day working medical himself, he wasn’t, like, always receptive to the darker parts of Xiu-Li Chen.
Tania was much lighter, even when she was angry or needed some consoling; Tania had a chip on her shoulder, but she worked pretty hard (and was almost delightfully shallow and uncomplicated otherwise, which he liked, but he would never tell her that. But he had told her everything else... And he kept looking so stricken that Xiu-Li was dead, his face so mournful... )
It was very evident the two of them missed each other. After dinner it made sense to return to Orlando’s quarters (Tania was, “visting him as he mourned Xiu-Li’s presumed death,” and Orlando was, “keeping company with Tania, because she was his friend, after all,” not that any crew ever took sides, especially as there were many others to mourn).
There was really nothing to do but wait, which made them both anxious, which both knew, and knew the other felt the same. When they poured brandy and toasted absent friends, Tania began to cry. Now it was Orlando who gave her a hug and comforted her. It meant that before much more time passed, the consolation menu went into some unexpected options. Goodbye, poor Xiu-Li... Good luck, poor Aria... To absent friends.

XIU-LI
Because her stomach was empty, Xiu-Li tried to not throw up. It was not easy.
She regained consciousness with a pounding headache, in a plaswalled quickshack which stank of fresh and old blood. There was a light cube in a corner, dim light outside the windows and door – night was falling. There were four sleeping pallets laid out by the light cube, and four packs heaped in the other corner, like they were camping here.
She did a doubletake. The lightcubes had fractalized holoprograms, and the cubes weren’t cubes – they were spheres.
Okay – from the future, or aliens. Xiu-Li sighed. Just my luck. Her naked body was in pain from head to toe, pain composed of many different sources. She was pretty certain she’d been stunned at the same time they’d triggered the final rockslide – that was a baseline level of full body muscle soreness, over which many abrasions, bruises, cuts and twists contributed. She was also lashed to a wooden ‘X’ frame tilted against a wall, but hanging off it from her wrists.
There was a leg hanging there, still wearing a Fleet boot – it was Herkle’s. Dopey Jimmy’s dead! And why is his leg hanging over there?
She heard language and closed her eyes to mere slits. Martines and Karaff were carried in unconscious by several dim figures (one head, two legged, two armed), and dumped onto the floor.
Their language was a series of trills, warbles and clicks, with liquid tones and shifts – and one short sound group more often than others. As they moved around, she caught more glimpses of them. There were four medium framed warrior females and one larger warrior male – a retainer and bodyguard, dressed sensibly in a jumpsuit, who ducked his head down a lot – now in the quickshack with her. 
The way the four females slung their wicked looking rifles around and the short battle swords each one wore suggested a martial situation of some sort. But they wore capes over tunics, not the sensible-for-soldiering jumpsuits like their retainer was wearing. 
So that made them all... What? They had skin tones ranging from light olive to a rich cinnamon hue. The females appeared to have breasts – they were as muscular as the male, but there were boobs up there the male didn’t have (although movement, the tunics, capes and her limited vision might all be playing tricks). The women’s faces were slightly more heart shaped and their heads and faces smaller; all were high-cheekboned and quite feline in facial look (not furry, of course).
Sentient intelligents. Aliens. 
Maybe this will make sense before I die... Hmm, their cheeks are even higher than mine are. Their eyes were in oval sockets; she couldn’t really see them yet. The one who seemed to be in charge looked at Xiu-Li and held up her hand. The others froze, all looking at Xiu-Li now. The leader laughed and said something. 
Laughter – cruel. The male retainer sort of slinked his way toward Xiu-Li, but with a skitter. When he reached her, he peered at her with gold irised cat’s eyes: vertical pupil slits, framed by goldflake. They were so beautiful close up that she opened her own eyes and stared at them.
He blinked and jumped back. The other three laughed.
Laughter: slapstick? Cruel humor? 
She kept staring at – Servant, decided Xiu-Li. After a moment he began to twitch his head slightly. Suddenly he ducked his head down altogether, looking at the floor.
The one with the flashiest cape now said something, and Servant flinched, looking over at her – the Queen, decided Xiu-Li. The Queen spoke again.
Servant turned back. Now his face was truly alien – and he looked hungry.
“Qet,” said Xiu-Li, staring right at him. It was the sound she had heard them say most often.
Servant flinched and blinked. The other three flinched and blinked, then looked at each other and blinked. Then Queen said something to Servant, looking from him to Xiu-Li and back. 
He looked uncertainly at Xiu-Li, and then down. Submission posture! Xiu-Li kept herself steadied.
Queen growled. Xiu-Li watched her deep ruby eyes flash – and a curious dropping down of her upper lip, over her teeth. She’s angry, so she hides her teeth – but they can be shown when laughing.
Servant looked at Xiu-Li. He was obviously torn.
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. “Qet,” she said forcefully, and she pulled her upper lip down over her teeth.
Servant hesitated and again ducked his head. 
Xiu-Li looked over at Queen. The leader was studying her, head tilted. She spoke to the other females with her, but did not break eye contact with Xiu-Li. Servant was semi-frozen there; whatever might happen next, he didn’t look as hungry any more.
He was, though. The leader grabbed Herkle’s leg and threw it at Servant, who bowed deeply and scuttled out. 
Queen nudged Karaff’s limp form and growled. The other three sprang into action, lashing Martines to another wooden X-frame. The other three were younger than Queen; one looked like her “Sister.” Another one, now starting a fire in the big cookerstove, was younger and harder to place, but “Cookie” did seem related in some way, however. The youngest one – the “Princess”– was beautiful, distinct from her mother, “Queen.”
The two older females now took off their capes and started on their boots. The Princess stood over Karaff and nudged him. Queen barked at her. She jumped and scurried over. Queen scolded her, laughed, and clapped Sister on the shoulder.
Getting ready for dinner meant taking off their clothes. The Princess helped Queen unstrap her boots and peel them off and Cookie helped Sister. They removed their tunics and everything else. They had skin with feathery hair; the feathery hair varied in type and distribution, but main points were quite similar to human (scalp, armpits, genitals). There were additional velvety haired “panels” along spine and ribs, which made them look like beautifully athletic humans with natural racing stripes; they were almost like tattoos, but each was distinct and arose with a natural grace, closer to a tiger’s pattern... Except where disrupted by scars.
Queen was a physical warrior whose scars bespoke her ability; Sister and Cookie were less scarred, while Princess had only one scar – but bore a fresh cut on her arm, wrapped. Once they were all naked (small, athletic breasts) they stood in a loose circle around Markis Karaff.
Xiu-Li’s heart sank. Then she could smell meat cooking – the Servant, camping outside and at work on Herkle’s leg. 
The smell seems to drive the four sentient intelligent females into a rage of bloody hunger. Without another sound they descend upon Karaff, knives flashing – his eyes open and he screams as he disappears under the four hungry, naked female sentient intelligents. Bloody bits of uniform flew from the circle as they ate him alive.
Xiu-Li closes her eyes and meditates as if she were a radiating star... She thinks of Aria, for some reason – as well as wondering, for how long will her own star shine?

ARIA
Aria awoke and extricated herself from the tube hammock. She stretched out, rolled up the hammock, drank two water rations, and started hiking. 
Three hours had gone by; the moon was now at an angle and behind her, lighting her way below the tree canopy that hid the sky above her, now mottled with clouds. They would interfere with orbital comms, energy weapons like lasers, and with some scanning sensors. She soon became fully occupied with negotiating the rugged terrain at night. Aria kept a steady pace and hiked until she saw a flicker of light in the darkness of the hillside across from her.
It was a fire, as the optical magnifier in her EngDPaT showed, using it like a telescope. There was a large figure next to the fire. On the far corner of the level shelf of rock was an old pre-fab plaswall survey quickshack, from FreeNav 2 survey in 2163 by CALIPER (Captain Matisou had told her there were six of them along the valley – he had been on CALIPER as first officer, in charge of the Volcano Valley/Deep Punch Survey). Threnody moved slowly until she was directly across from the rock shelf, then settled down to watch. 
She took out Clarissa D’Arial’s datastik and activated it:
“D’Arial, Clarissa, ident ESU 2272S-003-W-L-R, th-this is... Is m-my report. Lieutenant Herkle’s leg was broken in the landslide, then Addams and Ramble were ambushed and attacked, and then s-so were we... Unh... We rallied and the lieutenant decided to move forward since retreat was impossible. Ensign Chen gave us cover. As we were trying to move forward they set off a rockfall and I got in s-some trouble. Xiu-Li got them before they could get me, and I think Lissa got one too. She took Karaff back to the rally point, then Xiu-Li came to check me and she gave me something to drink, but we could hear m-more of them coming and I made her go back. I could hear two get near, but Xiu-Li got ‘em both. Some other ones passed me, but th-they never saw me. I couldn’t really see much after that but I heard Lieutenant Herkle and Thierry shout ‘Wheeler’ and there was a lot of magpistol firing, then there was another rockfall, and I m-must have passed out when my rock shifted too. When I woke up, it was quiet. I called out a few times, but I don’t think anybody else made it. I never saw our attackers clearly and their shouts were too muffled to capture. I will wait here. This concludes my report.”
There were personal messages to family and crew friends, all with succinct phrasing and clarity. Then she said, “I’m really tired now. I have to rest.” A long gap, just the sound of wind and pebblefalls, then: “I wi’, I wi’ Jooli wa’ here again,” said a very weak sounding D’Arial. “She was so-o... So-o-o swe-eet... Mmm, water...” And then a distinct sigh, followed by thirty seven minutes of wind sound until the chip ran out.
Aria put it away and checked the site: the big form was throwing bones into a corner before laying down by the fire. The shack beyond was very dimly lit.
She took a deep breath and settled into a light trance to clear her thinking way, then Aria meditated over the death of gentle Clarissa D’Arial, who had been honorable in all her actions, and Dalby – Big K, a promising mechanical engineer, skilled with deep space fabrication, now lost; and for the others.
Niv did not favor burial after death; religion was of a more depersonalized belief (descended from Zen Buddhism on Earth) so after the death of a person, the body was immaterial and cremation or biorecycling were the two cultural options. But for a moment, she recalled the way the stones had rolled: Big K had a tomb. Not a great tomb of Old Earth, but a real tomb. It was one engineer saluting another, she had decided...

[ A star hanging on a wall appears! ]

Aria shook her head, the image of a star ahead in the darkness still fresh in her mind. 
There were no Niv here – that was not a Niv image, and she would have Heard them when she Listened (unless they were shielding, but no – ) It could only be Xiu-Li Chen. No one else from the survey party could possibly achieve that level of radiative focus meditation. It was an extremely impressive piece of thought, perhaps even beyond Xiu-Li. 
I must not be irrational, thought Aria. If Xiu-Li is a sentient intelligent captive she may already be dead. I must consider all other possibilities as well... 

[ I am here. ]

With a gasp, Aria’s eyes flicked open. Xiu-Li is alive! She was alive, and in the building across the way. She had been able to make a Deep Image Meditation contact without any Niv D.I.M. tutoring, with just Earth meditative focus... 
Aria reached out and Listened, but the moment was past. Helix, the training she must have had! Of course, Earth is the Source Of It All. Aria took a deep breath, then stood up and stretched. She told herself she wasn’t excited. It is a response to stress. She was trying to avoid any thoughts about Xiu-Li – about Chen’s current situation, trying to pretend she wasn’t becoming – call it curious – about the way Chen approached reality.
Aria frowned. Niv didn’t “feel curious,” they asked questions and pursued science because it was, “rationally efficient to increase time paid to areas where talents are strongest.” Perhaps they admitted to being “intrigued.” 
“Intrigued” was the Niv version of being “curious,” the more “advanced” way of looking at things. She had begun to wonder about that, immersed in the purity of her engines: the clean annihilations of antimatter, the coaxing open of hyperflight. All of it seemed a lot more precise than arguments about whether being “intrigued” was indeed more advanced than being “curious,” and why that even mattered when there were so many questions to answer in this Universe, and so vast a range of things that one could be “interested” in (Thank Helix that word still applied to both cultures!) Yet Aria had always been curious about the humans from Sol.
Aria sighed. She would never be a traditional Niv, no matter who in her family might believe otherwise (perhaps it was their duty to maintain hope). She wanted to explore space, she wanted to build the engines she traveled on, and the InterWorld Group wanted good engineers so engine and ship failures could be minimized – a variable reduced so other causes could be discerned. IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER was her ship – from the frame up, through hull and engines, first runs, and now an extended survey mission – and where it went, so did she (although she was consulting long range on two Earth Star Yard projects and would make visits to three more the next time they were in Sol System).
And Aria found the company of certain humans very satisfactory time spent, while one or two consistently surpassed the best of her Niv times. Even when they were at their most irrational. Even when they were being hostile and irrational toward her.
“Sol humans” (any human not a Niv) generally had motives linked to their emotions, so it was easy to detect their thoughts, but unlike Niv, it was much harder to anticipate their final actions. Niv appeared more impassive but they were culturally driven toward generally rational, logical thinking which actively questioned the role of their own emotions in the process, to be aware of them. The paths of thought which resulted were usually similar, so arriving at parallel conclusions from equal information was common among Niv – they often “thought alike.” 
“Sol humans” did not behave that way. They all had opinions, they all had “views,” and they could use the same facts – or falsehoods – to construct entirely different ways of approaching task or topic. These were often highly creative but generally without the discipline of genius – falsehoods and unsupported fact was often just as good as solid fact and reproducible event when it came to planning and execution, it seemed. They rushed ahead on a raft of unchecked facts and often went over a fall. Sol humans could suddenly reject proven information because of “a feeling it’s ‘fishly’,” or they acted on a “hunch,” and would “take a chance,” while fear at times could prevent lifesaving actions or cause failure in ops execution. 
The results they had managed to achieve – when the raft struck good sailing and a brave new vista opened (like the star colonies, the Niv colony among them, of course) seemed to be living examples of Chaos Theory. There was very little of the Niv thought consensus or the predictability which science offered. 
It always made Aria Threnody curious to see what resulted from their chaotic approach, and she was becoming curious about Xiu-Li Chen in particular as well – Who is this Sol human with areas of such Niv-like ability?

XIU-LI
Xiu-Li stretched painfully and opened her eyes to confirm it was morning – daylight. There were no sentient intelligents in the shack. 
Martines looked at her, whispered hoarsely, “They’re aliens, right?” Xiu-Li nodded.
They both ignored Karaff’s torn body. After the sentient intelligents finally laid down on their pallets – three at a time, the solo overwatch changing every three hours over the next ten – Xiu-Li had slept or passed out. She had been working out the hierarchy from their actions. It looked like the ones she thought of as Queen and Princess were mother and daughter; Sister was either a sister or a life partner, and Cookie was their servant, as was the male Servant – who slept outside.
The three women had a network together that was independent of the alpha female, Queen – perhaps the level of eye contact was to serve her better, but it really didn’t look that way. It looked as if they were all tolerating a tough alpha-female personality.
Xiu-Li could see through the windows that the female “Qet” seemed to be having some comm trouble. They all walked to a patch of open ground, struck a pose, Queen shouted into her comm unit, then waited; a few seconds later, when nothing else happened, there were shouts and growls of rage. The four women evidently decided to move off and try elsewhere, for their voices gradually faded... Leaving just their Servant in camp.
Servant walked in with a hip-high shaggy, scaly limbed reptillian thing on a thick chain. “Vorrdawg!” he growled at them. “Vorrdawg!” He laughed coarsely. The vorrdog sniffed Karaff’s blood, growled, and strained eagerly forward. He let it go – it jumped up and the remains jerked as the vorrdog’s big ripping jaws tore off gobbets and cracked joints and bones. It did not pause even when Servant snapped the long leash to the collar around its neck.
Servant untied Martines and made her drag Karaff’s body out of the shack, following with the hungry vorrddog. They did not return immediately... Xiu-Li felt some warm liquid on her wrist – blood, from chafing. There was a chance she might be able to get her wrist free, if it was slippery enough. Well... It was something to do... 

ARIA
The sentient intelligents acted oddly as morning sunstar lit the cloudy sky overhead to a silver gray, with far off breaks of blue on the horizon. 
Four females would walk around, then stop; the one in the best cloak would talk into a comm; they would all strike a pose (there was no question about the action of doing so, either) and wait for several seconds. Then they would each yell in their comms and start walking again as the process repeated three times, until Best Cloak got so angry she threw down her comm unit and stomped on it, while the other three looked down at the ground and away. After a moment the next oldest one pointed up to the hill above the camp. Best Cloak snarled but stomped toward the hill, followed by the other three.
It was early morning. The bright sunlight on the far horizon was pointed in her direction, so Aria dared not move yet or they would see her. She breathed deeply and settled herself. 
Aria thought about the behavior. Unless they were shooting an image of some kind, there would be only one reason to freeze in one spot – they must have some sort of tachyon transport field technology and were unafraid to use it. Given their repeated failure to achive a lock through the clouds, the basis for their confidence in the spooky technology was unclear to Threnody; perhaps that was why they struck a pose? (No; “striking a pose” was a behavior related to cultural dynamics). It... It was worthy of a pose. Traveling that way was essentially a “naked” hyperflight jump, from point to point, without a ship. 
If Niv theories were correct, there were corollaries from that analogy which would be critical if Niv or humans ever did perfect the process: one was that it would be limited to distances which could be reached in the travel time that a human could hold their breath. 
One second in hyperflight equalled a distance of 208 light seconds: a Standard Unit (from the old “Astronomical Unit”, the distance from Sol to Earth, 150,000,000 kilometers) took light 8.3 minutes (~500 seconds) to travel at the speed of light, but took only 2.4 seconds to travel in hyperflight. That was a generous distance for most cargo and personnel transfer purposes, and from planet to orbit would be fairly instantaneous. It was unknown whether a naked trip through hyperspace was even psychologically survivable; or maybe they’d be lucky and there would be no sensation. The Niv Sciences Institute had spent the past seven decades on the problems and were planning inanimate tests soon – it was one of the Original Study Projects. Even they had not perfected it yet.
These sentient intelligents appeared to have done so, but limits to the technology were apparent. For the fourth attempt, Best Cloak pointed to a trail on the hillside, and they started to climb toward even higher ground. 
As soon as they were in the treeline, Aria started to move. She had gone no more than five meters when she saw new movement in the camp and froze. 
Servant ambled from the curved near corner and went into the shack. He had a squat four legged form with him, on a chain leash at his side. Keeping low, Aria dashed to a better position to see into the camp without being seen easily. She crawled under a bush and peeked just as Julissa Martines dragged a terribly torn body from the shack. The sentient intelligent Servant male followed – as the enormous dog-like reptile, straining on the chain leash to get at the body, dragged him along.
The hunting beast was tied firmly and left to gnaw the corpse, and Martines was kicked in the head. It sent her crashing down to the ground, and the sentient intelligent next kicked her onto her back. As Martines lay there dazed and gasping, the sentient intelligent stepped forward and gave her another kick in the head. 
The sentient intelligent then went over to a large plastic water barrel and filled a bucket. He tossed it on Martines, who tried to catch what she could in her mouth. The male then thrust the bucket at Martines and let her fill it, drink, and fill it again. Then he kicked the staggering Martines back into the shack.
I will give them a moment to settle themselves inside, thought Aria. It is pointless to speculate upon the identity of the body that Martines dragged out, whether the remains are Karaff or Xiu-Li…The shack and camp across the way was silent and still. Why do I – Oh. I am feeling something. Disappointment? Ah, my response to a failure in rationality, when new information upsets a much cherished chain of rational thought and behavior completely... 
What if that was Xiu-Li? Keeping her eyes open, she took a deep, slow breath of meditation. 
Then Aria started moving.

MATISOU
Captain “Bert” Matisou was almost restless enough to act out of sheer frustration, and it was making them nervous – just look at Manda! (Tania was actually preoccupied, not certain if she felt guilty or not about comforting Orlando as she had last night, but certain she did not like the current situation they were now in any more than Matisou – or Takaguchi).
Matisou knew he was making them all tense, but there was nothing he could do – the situation had protocol and a logic to it which he would now follow as coolly as possible. It required the more formal behavioral structure which had removed the lighter air he encouraged on board JOHN A. WHEELER in general and on the bridge. It’s Action Stations – they’re supposed to be a little tense.
They had classed the smaller ships to be about half the size of WHEELER and named them “Egg Boats.” The bigger one, classed as twice the ton size of WHEELER (making it JUPITER Class) was now tentatively tagged as an “Egg Burner,” and Takaguchi was fairly sure it had weapons living up to the name. When it had taken out one of the smaller Egg Boats, that blast had briefly lit the outer edge of the system like a second sun. Whether weapons fire or the blast itself had damaged the Egg Burner or the remaining Egg Boat (now in a geosychronos orbit over the planet) was not known.
There were few comm intercepts, and those received so far had not been traced to either ship in particular. It was possible the Egg Boat was in direct line-of-sight short range comm to the planet surface, which the MapRunner couldn’t detect; Matisou chose to assume that they were, and to plan accordingly, rather than risk taking a listen with active instruments on either the Runner or WHEELER, which appeared to have escaped detection (or at least, active notice) by either of the ships so far. Given the firepower of the Egg Burner and Egg Boat – which might both attack, each for their own odd sentient intelligent reason, if they knew of the presence of WHEELER in the system – this was the one piece of luck which had gone their way (he had decided the level of firepower thus far witnessed meant the risk of a hostile response outweighed taking any chances with altruistic scenarios).
After a dismal lunch – he had not quite mastered the final skills of captaincy yet, as Matisou found he couldn’t eat when crew were in peril – he reviewed the situation on the bridge with Takaguchi and Lieutenant Lobo from Engineering, who were both every bit as eager to get to their people as he was.
As second engineer, Lobo had analyzed the ships since they first entered the system: “The big Egg Burner can’t turn quickly but it has a hell of a punch if it shoots you; after it came around the gas giant it was moving a bit erratically, but got fine control back in ten minutes and managed an orbit. Since then its orbit has been decaying, so I think maybe the engines need some work. The smaller Egg Boat in geosync looks like a ship built around a weapons platform – half our size, but same number of magcannon-type banks and equal to our power. It was tumbling and venting from primary engineering, but it corrected the tumble, headed in, was able to take up and has since maintained a geosync orbit over the planet. They patched the breach, but...”
Matisou nodded. Any blast capable of breaching a hull usually caused severe internal hull and shipframe structural damage all around the breach. “Atmospheric entry is out now, and they’re too small to have a shuttleRunner on board,” he observed.
Lobo nodded. “Maybe an escape pod.”
Takaguchi scowled and said, “A shuttleRunner? That big Egg Burner could hold two or three. Easily.”
Matisou nodded thoughtfully. “The small ship... They could be moving on, but they’re not. They could have chosen any orbit, but chose a geosync, not even trying to use a lower orbit to make their detection difficult. As long as they stay here, it’s obvious they haven’t gotten what they wanted from below. They can’t land, so unless they’ve got Tachyon Transport Field tech licked, they are counting on their version of a Runner, if they have one. Even if they have T.T.F., they may have trouble with it from Rare Earth Alloy interference. Given our comm difficulties, if they’re in the same area on the planet surface down below as we were, their T.T.F. might not get through cleanly.”
Takaguchi paled. “Captain... That avalanche – that’s a good way to start an ambush, and that’s the way a sentient intelligent might set one up. I mean – if they’re down there already.”
Matisou’s face hardened. “You mean maybe the ship’s trying to pick someone up?” He looked at Takaguchi and Lobo and then at the array screen relaying theirMapRunner view of the planet. “And someone is trying to prevent pick-up.” Now he frowned. And my people might be down there in the middle of this mess! “Fekk!”

XIU-LI 
Martines had given Xiu-Li a pat on the shoulder when holding the bucket up for a drink of water – hours ago, it must’ve been (the sunlight outside was fading now, on their second night of captivity). Martines had next tried to hit Servant with the empty bucket, but Servant had laughed and shot her with a stunner. He had thoroughly felt Martines up while tying the limp woman back on to her X-frame – he was curious, but only a little. Then he’d laid down and taken a nap. 
Xiu-Li had kept working her wrist, and waited.
The sentient intelligent women had come back not long before, angry and hungry, and started stripping.
Xiu-Li, eyes closed, could still feel the pat from Martines on her shoulder. 
Queen came over to her.
Xiu-Li opened her eyes.
Queen’s ruby eyes studied Xiu-Li. She put her hand out behind her and gave a short cluck.
The other four looked up at her, faces surprised. All of them spoke at once, and it seemed they protested what she had said, even Servant. 
Queen’s eyes never wavered from Xiu-Li’s; in fact, after a moment her face changed – You see what we must put up with? it seemed to say. 
The Queen’s other response was to close her hand and then open it – her slender fingers pointing together into a sort of spearhand look. The others immediately fell silent and looked to the floor, then Servant shambled to a small, dark green box which was different from all the other boxes.
Queen took it, held it up, used it to scan Xiu-Li, looked at it, chirped, and then held it up under Xiu-Li’s face.
Xiu-Li could see it – it looked like a scanner of some kind, made of some iridescent dark green material. A puff of gas shot out of it, went straight up her nose. By the time she even realized it her body had already inhaled it, and she began to sneeze. 
Queen scanned her again and threw the unit to Servant as Xiu-Li’s eyes began to water and blur, she was sneezing, then a terrible headache ripped through her sinuses and exploded backward through her head as everything went black – 

ARIA
It took most of the day for Aria to work her way down and then across the valley, requiring a long trek to cross where she would not be seen from the perches above, where the four females had gone. It was mid-afternoon before she was on the hillside just above and overlooking the shack and camp below; it was late afternoon when she finally crawled to a point with good local tree cover and colorful vegetation she could hide in and still observe the camp below.
The camp was quiet except for the creature chewing bones and the rare flash of Servant, moving around. The sentient intelligent party had returned, arguing, but all were amused by the creature’s efforts as they passed it. The Servant again settled down outside the shack. 
The reptile growled and looked up from its meal – almost fully consumed by now – and peered around until it was looking in her direction. Aria froze, but looked at the leaves – the wind was not blowing past her toward the camp, so it was not scent. Was it sound? Or even psi, telepathy, or empathy?
After a moment it looked past her, then returned to its meal. Maybe it’s just a habit. Aria took a deep breath. I hope those are not Xiu-Li’s bones. 
She shook her head. It must be fatigue – the loss of any life diminishes the universe – Xiu-Li and Markis Karaff are the... They’re both human, so they are both the... She breathed deeply. No. They are not “the same.” They are different. And hope is a feeling, not a rational... Facts were that only Martines had been seen alive (and she was a ‘warrior’ type, as was Xiu-Li. But not Karaff).
A voice called out from inside the shack, just loud enough that Aria could hear it. The creature jerked up and loped over into the shack. It growled, and there was a series of growls into grunts.
Oh, Helix, what now? Aria turned her attention to the rocks around the camp, looking for a way down for later, in the darkness. Hang on, Xiu-Li!

MATISOU
He sat on the bridge, watching as night covered their survey site on the planet, an image sent from the MapRunner on the moon’s horizon. As best they could tell, that ship had either not been noticed or was unworthy of a response (even remotely, like missiles or databalls). No one had any complaints about this.
Neither he nor Takaguchi could sleep. They were both on the bridge on the overnight – but the crew seemed relieved to see them there. Relieved and reassured – everyone was a little rattled by the events to date. Those who were unnerved used training and routine to keep moving forward, but nothing made crew feel cared for better than seeing senior officers working on the problems. 
Matisou sat down at Tactical and pulled up Takaguchi’s analysis of the weapons observed. He yawned, then frowned. “Oh, fer Space sake.” He hit the comm. “Engineering, Matisou.”
“Aye, sir.”
“Is that you, Lieutenant Lobo?”
“Aye, sir.”
“What are you doing there on this watch?”
“Wolves sleep lightly, sir.”
“I expect my people to sleep in beds when they can.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll do that when I feel sleepy, which’ll be when our folks are back up. Naps’ll do until then, sir. How can I help you up there on the bridge, sir?” Observing that Matisou wasn’t in bed, or in his quarters, or even in his office.
Matisou sighed. “Okay. I’m inquiring about the blast effects of antimatter and high yield electromagnetic pulse weapons, as directed in the report you assisted Commander Takaguchi with.”
“Yes, sir.”
“This looks to me like you’ve got no clear idea what’s going to happen.”
“Yes, sir. We are neither a deep gas giant JUPITER Class physically shielded ship, nor are we some sort of specially made warship with super shields. We know the graviton composites have allowed us a field of intense enough local distortion to drive away dust, meteorites, most debris around us as we move. We also have other types of measures for those threats, and certain energy types are dispersed, dissipated, or diverted by the graviton systems, but little is known about effects of deliberate short duration high energy weapons-type exposures – everything has been designed assuming science-type environments, where you would be expected to veer away before reaching design limits. We have some shields, yes, but we are not what a Tactical officer would define as a ‘shielded’ ship. In short, sir,” concluded Lobo, “Our most critical defense will be distance.”
Matisou smiled. “Always a good one. Please activate the landed Runner’s remote flight system in the morning.”
“Aye, sir.”
“And I order you to use a sleeping bag at your post in the engineering spaces during this crisis. Not slumped in a chair. If you don’t have a sleeping bag –”
“Sir! I do, sir. Thank you, sir.”
“I will be checking, Lieutenant.”
“Understood, sir.”
“Captain out.” He looked over at Takaguchi, seated at the science station and waved him over. “So, worst case – will we get crushed, or fried by a blast?”
“Are we betting?” Takaguchi stood and stretched.
“Okay. What for?”
“A kilo of the most exotic decaff.”
“Yum. And the outcomes we’re betting on?”
“We might just ride through it like a bubble among the waves, or the bubble might pop, and we’ll either be fried or crushed.”
“Okay, that’s two death outcomes to one life. You want to give me some odds here?”
Takaguchi shook his head. “I don’t see why.”
“Well, do you think we’ll ride through, or be destroyed?”
Takaguchi gave him a look.
“Destroyed then – well... I’ll guess we ride it through, if we’re far enough away to survive the energy pulse effects. As they’ll have to be coming to look for us, our odds of avoiding it are high.” Matisou stood up and walked over to a bridge window, where he looked down at the dark moon below, stretching. He was getting tired again, and would go back to their quarters soon.
Takaguchi stood near him. “Do you think anyone’s still...?”
“We know Aria survived to call us, so that’s one. She knows it was a C-17, so she won’t be surprised down there. She’ll be on her guard.” He looked old. “As to who survived an avalanche – that’s what’s been driving me crazy. All we know is they were cut off, not their conditions.”
“It’s like last time.”
Matisou looked at him. “Do you –” He turned and looked at the bridge crew. On the underwatch there were less people, and they were beyond earshot. They were in a little area called the Captain’s Gallery where the window was: a semi-alcove in a bridge corner, set off for quick chats and showing visitors a view. He looked back at Takaguchi. “I keep telling myself that’s just impossible. Those were natural causes. This might... Well, similar, but coincidental.” Matisou looked down. “This is tough, being back here. Knowing she’s buried down there.” He looked at Takaguchi. “It was a raw deal, Jason. Things had a way of turning out for most of us, but for the others and her, it was a... A raw deal.”
The first officer nodded somberly. “Yes, Bert.” He looked out the window. “There’s a special notes set for the end of this survey, isn’t there?”
Matisou jerked alert. “Spacenuts, you’re right!” He looked at Takaguchi. They were supposed to be opened at the conclusion of the survey here, but under the circumstances...
They had served together since the University, so it was no surprise they both headed straight for the mess hall and the Captain’s Booth for coffee and the secure link-in to the compuSys core. The compuSys actually offered an argument about releasing the file. Matisou frowned. “It cites the date, and wants to know why we’re early!” 
Takaguchi took the mugs from Kimonetti and sealed the door behind him. He gave one to Matisou and went over to the window and looked out. No one ever tired of actually looking out a window when there was real space out there. And this damned planet had them both...
Behind him, Matisou laughed. “That did it. I told it to check the Conditions menu and number 17 and it opened right – oh, fekk!” 
Takaguchi whirled. 
Matisou’s face was a mask. “The artifacts.”
Takaguchi sat down, stunned. “Here?”
Matisou nodded. “Here.”
They looked at each other. “Fekk.”
Nine years ago they had come here to survey the system and the habitable oxygen, nitrogen, trace methane, chlorophyll rich planet in orbit around the star HD-19373/HIP 14632/Iota Persei – it was called ESPC-12. They had already been to two other systems along the way, and the crews were tired but very happy with the last green jewel visited six weeks earlier. Again, they had success. It did come with a cost in lives from a natural disaster, but upon their return, the general efforts of the two ships and their valiant crews were celebrated in most systems. The FreeNav 2 Northern Survey had found plenty of resources.
The two biggest things found on the survey, however, were two very small pieces of metal. One was an eight centimeter by ten cent by two cent thick piece of starship hull/frame metal with two types of markings, etched and painted – evidently some revision of the etched original. It was radio-carbon dated as “current era,” or just as “recent” as any hull from the last two hundred years would read.
The second piece was two cents wide by four cents long by an eighth cent thick, identified as a broken short sword blade, made of steel that had been folded and refolded repeatedly in a pattern similar to the traditional process of ancient Sol System Earth Japanese swordmaking; but this steel was from asteroidal resources, featuring just the slightest trace of iridium. It was dated at 2,000 years before current date, but faster than light travel always played havoc with deciding how to interpret dates.
Either way, they were alien to the planet they were found on, and alien to Earth. No one from Sol system had been this far out before. The markings on both metal objects were not human, and their existence indicated the existence of another space capable species.
This was information no one wanted to reveal. Compromise in discussions led to a “fuzzing out” of the exact location of discovery, or even that the artifacts were from the recent survey at all – they were always defined as, “recovered by IWG scientists,” but the location was never given. Meanwhile, at the time, there was an investigation by IWG. The possibility of a cultural contamination had always been drilled into the crews on survey missions, and they took this tack with the northern shield team – geologists on a volcanic survey who actually found the pieces, along a river bank. 
Nothing else was found; it was a totally haphazard finding, and the flash flood which killed five of them (and the dog, that damned “stowed away” dog) the very next night gave a hint as to the possible reason no other evidence of previous visits or visitors was left intact – anyone camping there was at risk. 
The recovery team had found everyone downstream, including the dog, and buried them in the foothills they had been heading for, away from the fast changing river that had claimed them. The shocked survivors had said little then, and never said much about it later. They were evacuated directly from planet to ship once the flash flooded river had fallen and the three of them were found. It was easy to swear them to secrecy, and they were rumored to have felt “forever cursed” – it was only eight or nine years earlier, and for a long time had been kept quiet.
Inevitably the artifacts were raised to justify IWG Space Fleet tactical budgets, and by those truly concerned – what sort of culture was this? InterWorld Group ships might carry magpistols, but no one was bearing blades or an ancient Peacemaker Colt Revolver from the Olde West Days. Should humans be at all worried? How altruistic was a culture which could travel faster than light but were literally swordbearing? They weren’t even energy swords like in millions of science fiction holos, which might have gained public favor; no, they were just terribly efficient metal weapons in small spaces, without any powerpacks or working parts needed to function, capable of a silent attack at arm’s distance in almost any environment a human could work in.
The Space Consortium, InterWorld Group, and IWG Space Fleet continued to diffuse everything about the artifacts, the most critical element being the exact location – which system they had been found in, and when. Over the years as people tried to look back and find out, they had narrowed it to a Northern system, but not which one. Those in the IWG had other ideas, especially crews from the Northern Survey. But no one really knew for sure, it seemed. Everyone soon knew something had been found besides REAs, but no one knew who had found it or where. There had been enough parties going around that anybody could have found it – and many felt someone had dropped them or caused a contamination. 
The flash flood and two bad falls resulting in deaths had shocked everyone and made the crew as a whole more reticent and private, less likely to talk about events at all.
Because Matisou had been there before, he was selected to go back and look some more, but they didn’t want to prejudice him. He had always answered their questions about his views on the artifacts in such a way that IWG knew Matisou really knew little about them. – let alone that it was a CALIPER team which found them – possibly even by his wife, or their dog, digging along the bank; the actual discoverer was among the five dead, and none of the survivors knew who it had been. 
Takaguchi gulped some coffee.
Matisou took a deep breath. “I knew we had heavy REAs, and I knew they’d be easy to get to. When we went back under high secure I thought it was more like a corporate secret, because of the REAs.” The rich deposits were a serious strategic resource and it was not at all unusual to ramp up security because of them. He shook his head. “But the artifacts, fekkin’ hell!” He looked over at Takaguchi’s face and narrowed his eyes. “Spit it out, Jason.
“Well, I – I knew it was the artifacts, I mean, I heard a mission explanation, but I thought it was by JUPITER at HD-39587. They took a longer time to be discovered because they were in storage.” JUPITER had stayed out by the two gas giants here at HD-19373 while CALIPER had moved in to survey the planet ESPC12 and found REAs there.
Matisou frowned.
Takaguchi looked out the window. “It was a Tactical Division thing. You always told me I had to follow my Division orders no matter what or who I might want to talk them over with. Especially the tough ones. Plus at the time I think we were all sort of... Everybody was hanging onto the rules by then, Bert. Remember?”
“Yes.”
“They never let me talk to Grillet or the others. I know if things had been different, they couldn’t have pulled it off.” He meant if Matisou’s wife had survived the flash flood.
Matisou took a deep breath. “No, she’d have been screaming about it the moment she got back. Instead, we were operating in chaos, and it let them shroud the find.” Matisou nodded. “Okay. Point, set, match. Dumb Bert, Smart Tak, and moving on: these events cannot be a complete coincidence. We have ships flying around here, getting blown up by each other. Looks to me like a good explanation for the smashed hull bit here. What we’ve heard to now, and what’s in the artifacts file – which looks like everything up to date as of departure from SolSys – they are connected. Yes?”
Takaguchi nodded gloomily. “Yes. But you’re not ‘Dumb Bert.’ We were all... I mean, I know we finished out the five weeks after the flood, but everybody was on autopilot. Thank Space we were all trained and experienced or we’d have missed something and killed ourselves on return.” He grinned at Matisou. “You did a good job of that, Bert. Keeping us organized no matter what else was going on.”
Matisou sipped his coffee and looked at the inner screen view of the planet below, under highlighted optics. “What the hell else is down there? And I have to tell you, Tak, I’d feel a damned sight better if Threnody was on board, in case we learn the hard way what happens to us if something explodes nearby.”
Takaguchi watched Matisou closely. “This is not a repeat, Bert.”
Matisou looked at his first officer. “No. This is worse.”
“It can’t be.”
“Why not?”
“One, I checked with Meteorology, and it’s not local rainy season.”
Matisou stared at him, then chuckled. Takaguchi grinned just a little – it was such grim humor, but Bert Matisou needed that now as his memories crowded in. “Well, I suppose there is that in our favor,” Matisou said dryly.
“Two, Aria was alive when last we checked.”
“True enough.”
Takaguchi looked back at the moon below them. “What are they doing here?”
Matisou shrugged. “Rare Earth Alloys, if nothing else; plus they want G-zero stars and planetary atmospheres like ours, so those things alone are reasons.” He grinned mirthlessly. “The same reasons we’re way out here.”
Takaguchi grinned. “Captain –” he began (and Matisou knew he was in for a razzing) “– the species imperative is no doubt as you say, but I was wondering more along the lines of this particular ship grouping. For example, our survey ships are not in the habit of entering a new system while violently attacking each other. Why have they?”
Matisou nodded. “Yes. I’ve got a feeling they’re here to get something or someone.” His comm chirped. “Matisou.”
“Lieutenant Lobo. Can I be received on a screen, sir?” He sounded excited. Matisou went to the wall array and switched the internal screen to comm and called Lobo in engineering. Lobo needed a shave, but only by strict regulations – visually, it made him look tough. So did his flashing eyes. “Sir, we were working to identify the location of Runner One –”
“I thought I left orders for ‘in the morning’?”
Lobo paused. “Sir, you left orders for ‘remote activation’ to be available in the morning. For that to occur requires location of the vehicle in question, which has been going on since you gave your order to prepare the remote access system.”
Matisou cleared his throat. “I apologize, Lieutenant. And for the record, let it be known that, unlike all of my fine young officers on the great ship JOHN A. WHEELER, I really do need my sleep.”
Lobo blinked. “S-sir, th-that’s n-not needed. I just wanted to report that we located our shuttleRunner, and also crash landmarks with vehicle remains, consistent with an Egg Boat sized starship at the end of a crash track.”
“That is excellent work. How?”
“The passive supercool array found their heat differences. It was on the mapping Runner for deep sky work.” Lobo grinned. “It was one of Ensign Luna’s ideas.” Engineering and Science were in a competition for bright ideas and discoveries; Luna was Engineering Division with science crosstraining. “It also indicated the area all around here is something like shattered top crust, with hot springs and volcanic activity all around this valley.” He looked up. “Infrared will be unreliable to the north, where our team was heading; there are several underground rivers of varying temperatures there.” He looked at his chrono. “I’ll leave these now and update you at Divisions, sir.”
Matisou smiled slightly. “Thanks. Good work, Lieutenant.” He turned off the comm and peered at the mapping image. “Looks like an ‘Egg Boat’ ship.” He looked at Takaguchi. “We’re figuring how many crew in an Egg Boat?”
Takaguchi thought about it. “Sixteen to twenty four.”
“Versus one, no more than ten.” He rubbed his face. “They’re in the woods here... Here’s the rille and canyon complex. If they came down this way here, it would lead them to this side of the valley, just outside the canyon mouth.” He looked at Takaguchi. “I think we put up a quickshack there. I’m almost sure we did. Right?” 
Takaguchi nodded. It was on the alien’s side of the valley; the WHEELER team had planned to enter via the rille, and would have ended up walking along the floor of the valley to the canyon complex proper. He looked over at the Captain. “Even the science crew know enough to circle back to the Runner if something happens. Maybe they’re just waiting for our clearance.”
Matisou’s eyebrows went up. “That’s a refreshing thought after a long dry spell.” He looked skeptical. “Rather unlike you to be so optimistic, however.”
Takaguchi looked grim. “On the other hand, unless Threnody got to them all and told them we had a Condition C-17, they would have called in on their own, if they could.”
There was a moment of silence. “The rille and canyons have a lot of REA interference.”
“Bert, you’d do better to believe Aria found them.”
Matisou rubbed his face. “Mmpf. What do you make of the artifacts coming from here?”
Takaguchi shrugged. “I’ve always thought the analysis went overboard. Yes, they’re proof of another alien culture in the Universe, but not when they were – well, here, I guess it turns out – or where they came from. They indicate there was an alien starship here that either left trash or blew up, but after that it gets overblown. All the stuff about the presence of writing, advanced metallurgy – well, not really amazing, is it, when it’s in conjunction with star travel, which pretty much needs both, doesn’t it? – and a fondness for swords. All of it very ‘interesting,’ but never meant much in the abstract.” He shook his head. “Now we have these crazy fekkers running around in our backyard.” Takaguchi scowled. “Our backyard! Running around it with fekkin’ swords, for fekk’s sake!”
“Any way to guess blade sizes?”
Takaguchi frowned in thought. “Good question. It’s been too many years since kendo school. On the other hand, if we’ve really got full access to files on the artifacts...” He went over to the array in the corner to access the compSys.
“You know... If there are aliens down there with blasters and swords, we’re going to lose a lot of people.”
“Mm-hm.” Takaguchi was working the compuSys. “Hm. I’d guess these are shorter swords. I’d always heard it was a ‘blade’ but no details. Now I see... Yeah!” He slapped the wall. “These aren’t ‘long swords’ of the samurai, they’re shorter – the katana short sword might be closest. They were used in battle or to commit hara-kiri.”
Matisou was puzzled. “Why is that good?”
Takaguchi gave his captain a reckless grin. “It means that if our tactical officer is alive, and somehow it’s just blade versus blade, she has a chance.”
Matisou stared at him. “What are you drinking, Tak?”
“Just coffee, Bert.”
“Please expand.”
Takaguchi shook his head. “Whether it is ceremonial or worn for every day use, it says something to carry a sword and a blaster. It is a major trial to get many of our non-Tac officers to even touch weapons, so our current cultures are different.” He grinned. “But if we we go back about 500 years, to feudal Japan, late 1600s, under the Tokugawa Shogun, then we see a parallel. Samurai warriors representing the feudal clans wore both long and short swords, and they could strike down and kill any peasent who offended them, by not bowing, for example.”
“A proud people.” Matisou nodded.
“Yes. The arrival of guns adds a similar element but it also led to the end of that style of warfare. Japan always revered the sword, and does so even now. Yet they, like China, did not have significant naval fleets at the time of their great early civilizations. They tried but did not get out much until they industrialized in the 1900’s, and Japan defeated the Russian Navy in 1905.”
“So here we have a proud people who are getting out. With plasma, laser, blast, and kinetic weapons, no less.”
“As are we.” WHEELER carried plasma and magcannon.
“Yes.” Matisou looked at the screen. “Pride goes before a fall.”
“Their pride, or ours?”
The Captain did not answer.

XIU-LI
When Xiu-Li next regained consciousness her headache was gone but she felt funny in there. It was dusk now; when she slitted her eyes she could see they had indeed prepared themselves more like supplicants celebrating, with painted designs and special jewelry. It bespoke a culture capable of starflight but practicing death beliefs and animism – apparently selective carnivores, as there were plenty of other things to subsist on here. Or maybe they’re just meatfreaks...
“Qet-Qeta, the repairs are nearly complete.”
“Those lizards are such fools!” Angry female...
“The chief engineer reports that alloy caught in the field is the cause of the damage.” A male voice?
“Yes – the alloy in her head!” A snort. There were chuckles.
It was not Martines talking. It wasn’t actually English; it was something else, but then Xiu-Li was hearing it in Standard, like an overdub, their actual words in the background.
“Qet-Wia, am I appropriate?” Female voice.
“Yes, Princess.” A raspier female voice: through slitted eyes Xiu-Li saw the “Sister” – “Qet-Wia” – looking at the designs on Princess. Sister was finished, as was Cookie; Servant still wore his trusty soldier’s coverall uniform, over by a large open metal case, closing up a comm. Where is – ? Ahh, over there! Queen –
– who is literally right next to her, in one single longjump of a bound. No run up, just a two meter jump from standing, both jump and landing totally cushioned, completely smooth, totally effortless.
“– there! I said she was awake! She is the warrior among them, although this one –” Queen gave the still unconscious Martines a nudge with her foot “– was as fierce as any little sister.”
The way she raised her leg... Where had Xiu-Li seen that? A two hundred year old Hollywood-film... Sam Neill, Laura Dern... Classic Park?
“And I, mother?” asked the Princess – younger, not yet as fully developed in mind or body as Queen or her aunt or the other one, but still quite well muscled and probably stronger than Xiu-Li.
“You? You were brave enough to kill dinner for the servant!” By the reaction of the girl this was not the compliment she had hoped for. The other two women had watched all this in respectful (fearful?) silence. “Oh, do not glower, Princess! You fought nobly enough – there were no cowards among us.” The Queen chuckled. “More that can be said for those pitiful Qet-prey of yesterday!” She looked right at Xiu-Li. “Be sure you tell her that this is in respect for her fighting with such spirit of honor. She is even worthy of... not-Qet.”
There were murmurs of approval from the others, and mutters of, “N’Qet, n’Qet!”
Xiu-Li glared at Queen. Martines had awoken after the Qet had finished with Karaff and saw the end results but not the actions that had caused them. She had seen enough to assume that something similar would be in store for them as well. Xiu-Li wasn’t certain she could tell Martines that the means of her death was a form of respect. It wouldn’t matter to Martines, was not likely to lessen the fear and pain, and it felt like Xiu-Li was doing their filthy work. Xiu-Li did not speak. 
The Queen pulled out her wicked blade, waving the air in front of Xiu-Li. “I could always qetcla your tongue out as a treat for the hungry vorrdog, if you don’t want to use it.”
Xiu-Li said nothing, her face impassive. 
Queen reached out and stroked Xiu-Li’s cheek. “Ahh, you are close Qet...” Queen chuckled and walked over to the other three females. 
Xiu-Li felt Martines now looking at her, saw the bleak expression on her face. She had no illusions about the likely fate ahead for them, or who would be next to meet it. There was really nothing either could think to say: “I’m sorry”? “tough luck”? “I’ll miss you”? “I wish I could help”? “See you soon”?
Martines coughed. “What’d they do to you?” she gasped.
“Some kind of translator.” Xiu-Li swallowed. “Lissa...”
“To the service,” croaked Martines, with a bitter rictus of a grin.
“Past, present, and future,” said Xiu-Li, just low enough that the Qet ignored her; she had a big lump in her throat, thinking that Martines was about to join the other lost crewmates included in the “To absent friends” half of the toast – provided Xiu-Li survived this encounter herself… 
The lump became more icy and Xiu-Li sought clarity – anger, especially rage, would not help her at this point.
Cookie and Servant drag the wood X-frame Martines is tied to over to their cookerstove and stand it at a 70 degree angle. Cookie steps forward – 
And Queen thrusts a slender needle into her neck. 
Cookie stiffens and crashes over, paralyzed. 
“A chef? A chef?! Your butchery is as sloppy as your plotting,” says Queen.
The hapless Cookie lies there, her eyes rolling.
“Did you think my pack would ever let your kind in? That no one would tell me of your attempts to subvert the beliefs of others?”
Cookie strives to form words. 
Queen paces around her. “I don’t care whatever it is you try to say – you are below even a Qet-prey, fit only for the animals. I don’t want to hear it, not now, not ever, ever again, so –” She looks over at Servant. “Take what you want and give the rest to the vorrdog.” She turns to the others. “Do let’s try to not to let this affect this very solemn transition for these honored n’Qet.”
“Yes, Qet-Qeta,” the other three all reply.
“Qet-Qeta! You display improper honor to us!” yells Xiu-Li. Everyone freezes. Even the now paralyzed Cookie stares at Xiu-Li, who continues, heart pounding. “If you intend to show honor to us, end our consciousness swiftly then, not by a dozen clumsy animal slashes.” She hears Martines start to pray.
The Qet are all frozen, staring at Queen, who is staring at Xiu-Li. “You take many liberties. What is your species name?”
“You need concern yourself with my personal name only. It is Xiu-Li Mariposa.”
“‘Jooli Mari’Posa’?” Queen blinks. “Too long. Your names are absurd. It must take forever to transcribe them!”
“‘Jooli,’ then, as you put it.”
“I’m hungry, Mother!” whispers the Princess, looking over at Martines and licking her lips.
Martines has no translator, but the gesture is so clear that her prayer falters for a second. She looks at Xiu-Li, smiles, closes her eyes, then resumes praying softly.
Ignoring Princess, Queen asks “Does that alter the result?” 
“Yes.”
The blade she carried flashes – “Very well,” says Queen as it hisses through the air – 
The prayer stops and Martines gurgles.
Xiu-Li closes her eyes as tears fill them.
“I have honored your request, Jooli,” said Queen. “You, take away that vorrdog food and get started over there.”
“At once, Qet-Qeta,” murmured Servant, as he began dragging Cookie away.
Xiu-Li was angry the tears running down her cheeks were so visible as she opened her eyes and glared. “I thank you. It must be understood between us that I will not let you live should I get free. I somehow cannot believe such behavior is truly Qet – do you in fact represent your species? – but I believe I will be safe in culling you from your species-pack.” It was an insult based on guesses, but it caused a great consternation – then the Servant bent over to avoid visible reaction while he “got to work” on Cookie, as Sister and Princess both started blinking and looking at Queen.
Queen blinked and tilted her head. “What riddles do you speak in, Outworlder? Perhaps I should reharvest the nanos and deprive us of conversation if insulting inquiries are all you will offer.”
“It must be difficult to lead a pack in your culture. You have had some success, however?”
“My sister was a great leader before –” said Sister.
Queen turned and glared, hand signal flashing. She then turned back to Xiu-Li. “That was very interesting, Outworlder. I see there are ways of similarity between us.”
Xiu-Li sighed. “There were stages in our culture when a vanquished enemy was eaten to honor them or transmit their best properties to others.” She looked back at Queen. “But that was long ago grown out of, long before we reached the stars.”
“If others choose to deprive themselves of an edge on the Universe, so be it. That alone is not a reason to stop one’s self, is it?”
“If this practice is a mainstream part of your culture, we will be in for some cultural clashes.” Xiu-Li was also thinking about the way it had just been rationalized and then justified into practice and policy. “Still, I have heard you called ‘Qet-Qeta,’ which seems to be something like ‘Qet-Qet Female,’ and I think of as ‘Queen.’ I am impressed, but seek better understanding.”
Princess piped up this time. “She is the Mother Female of Qet.” Queen gave her an indulgent look, then a haughty one to Xiu-Li.
Xiu-Li nodded. “Yes, I see. That’s why you’re all hiding here.”
Queen hissed. “Why do you say that?” She stretched her upper lip down, covering her upper teeth. 
“Well, we’ve surveyed here twice now, and we never found any trace of civilization, occupation, or any other signs of habitation. And you were not broadcasting on any radio or other general transmitting frequency – so you’re hiding, since your weapons indicate a high level of technology, and I’ll bet your communication and transport devices are advanced as well. You’re not sending any signal except when you want to, on a tight beam.” Xiu-Li’s voice was dead. She was alone here now, all alone. She would indulge herself in pushing to understand as much as she could before they finished her off one way or another (and unsure she’d be able to do much with her arms or legs, even if she got loose – she had been tied this way for hours).
Queen blinked and looked at her trio. “Why don’t you think this way? None of you has provided me with even a guess as to who the creatures were, or what they might be capable of.” She looked back at Xiu-Li. “Reports about you were further limited by the absence of any surviving Qet-Set members sent for you. Well. You are not from here, are omnivores, and tend to offer little fight despite advanced weapons, but not in every case.” She sniffed. “Qet-prey, mostly.”
The other two chittered, fell silent as Queen chuffed. “There are two exceptions here tonight – there are some in every flock. I wait to see how the flock votes, as we put it in the Qet Council.”
“When was that, Qet-Qeta?” Xiu-Li asked quickly. So there was a government.
Queen stared at her – and Xiu-Li started to freak a little. “That was before I realized that some ways to power are proven to be well worth the price of cleaning qetcla blades.” Queen grinned and turned away. “We can ‘chat’ later. I have been hiking all day and I am hungry.”
“Because you can’t get a good tachyon transport field lock through the clouds?”
“Perhaps. The report is clear weather in the morning.”
Xiu-Li closed her eyes and fell silent while the three got to work on Martines. Off to one side, Servant finished with Cookie. He clicked a call and then she met the vorrdog, who came in and had a whole mouthful of knives to use on the traitorous Cookie – who was still alive, as her rolling eyes indicated.
At some point it all went away – Xiu-Li passed out.

MATISOU
Unable to sleep again, he got up and prowled the corridors of his ship, where at least it looked like he was going from somewhere to somewhere. The few crew Matisou saw out on the night overwatch were all happy to see him, and their warm response helped him. So did Truhart, who was emerging from the mess – which had been opened by Kimonetti for coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and cookies, a sign of how many individuals were restless this overwatch. Truhart had a bag full of cookies – still warm. Matisou looked at him. “Aren’t you on a percentage carbo diet, Kev?”
“You’re right – you better help me. Here, take one.”
“Hmm... Oatmeal raisin. Mmmm. Veyey tayf-tee – mpf.”
“Chef promised me to stay healthy if I’d approve it as a morale and nutrient enhancer.”
Matisou frowned. “You think morale needs enhancing?”
Truhart snorted. “Purely a QM rules requirement for use of the flour. People are all ready to do whatever you ask us to do – not sleeping well, but ready.”
Matisou relaxed. “That’s what I thought.” He studied Truhart. “I thought they seemed a bit anxious, one or two I met.”
“People are anxious to do their part right, Bert.” He shook his head. “It’s reassuring to see you, but they also want to do it right for you, so they get a little, um... Well, anxious, but only that they will screw up.” Truhart grinned. “Most are so inexperienced they don’t know enough about what to be scared of, anyway. Except of you, of course.”
Matisou smiled. “Not all of ‘em. Some are – cheeky, you’d say.” He nodded. “Good call on Ensign Luna’s idea.”
Truhart nodded, smiling. “The Science subteam thought that a waste. It was ‘too noisy’ because of ‘solar and atmospheric reasons’ and it wasn’t ‘sensitive’ enough to find body heat among other sources.”
Matisou nodded. “Go on.”
Truhart shrugged. “I’m a simple soul. Body heat in a cool forest: could you see it, or not? Why not look, just to look? Then you could say you looked in every way that made reasonable sense.”
“Too bad we can’t always be that precise.”
Truhart grinned. “It’s merely a question of scale, Bert. And as I was gloating over our finds and wondering about whether aliens were warmer or cooler than we were, Lieutenant Day pointed out that the sounds of heartbeat and even breathing might be different as well.” He grinned more widely. “Directional microphones and variable heat detectors on the VEOptics glasses are the result; filters to screen out all other sounds. Active programming. Designs ready to go and eight prototypes ready for the primary rescue team.” Matisou nodded, and Truhart’s grin faded. “It’s a damned thing when such brilliance is because of such disaster.”
“Okay, Kevin, how would you categorize this – the artifacts were found on this planet, as I’ve only just – what?”
Truhart looked perturbed. “That’s typical, isn’t it? Send us out here because we’ve been here before, but don’t brief us in advance!” He was angry.
“They didn’t want to prejudice our view.”
Truhart’s eyes flashed. “Those fekkin’ beerheads!” He was now furious.
Matisou raised his eyebrows.
Truhart took a deep breath to steady himself. “Let me put it like this: what R.O.E. level did you set?” The amount of response force allowed was determined by the rules of engagement level.
Matisou looked puzzled – and annoyed. “None.”
“You sent Chen along on general principles, with a magrifle in case they ran into wild beasties, right? Because that would be all one might expect from a planet that was empty eight years ago?”
Matisou nodded thoughtfully. “I should have updated that when I gave Aria her orders…” 
Truhart waved his hand. “Immaterial now. Everyone’s on their own down there, Bert. We’ll figure that out later. My point is, if they tell you that this planet’s been visited at some time, probably not too awfully long ago – Years? Decades? One or two centuries? – whatever! You’d send out a differently composed survey, with full R.O.E. briefings, and Jason on tactical, maybe even leading. Just in case they happened to stop by for a chat while we’re puttering about with our rocks. Right?”
Matisou nodded. “Right.” He took another cookie.
“So rather than tell us this highly mission relevant information up front, we drift in. Unprejudiced, but also uninformed – and untrusted, if it is presumed we cannot self-monitor and correct for bias.” Truhart shook his head. “This served neither the Tactical nor Science Divisions. I wonder how this was decided... Still, we’ll just make the best of it.” He smiled. “As usual.”
Matisou nodded. “Right. Like your VEOpts improvements – a very good idea.” He swallowed the cookie. “I think IWG Central just figured that nothing would happen, and this way we would go collect whatever we got and look later to see if there was anything else down there.”
“Why would they set it up so we don’t look for...?”
“Yep. I don’t think they wanted us to look very hard, because they want to start living projects here; the ban on development and the media campaign of possible radiation problems was probably the hardest sell ever made in the Space Consortium’s Planetary Projects Committee, and I’ll bet it was the toughest position they’ve ever stood for – and for over eight years – but finally those folks were unable to maintain it.” Matisou shrugged. “So: send us back to look around, but not too hard – and if a good, solid bioscience survey doesn’t find ‘further evidence of technology or other civilization,’ then maybe those two artifacts are on the much older side.” 
“People wouldn’t have wanted to live here anyway, once they found out.”
Matisou grinned. “Don’t be so certain, Kev. We’re out here on our routine mission, and two thirds of the crew have always hoped we might meet a real alien. Getting into a Space University, either of ‘em in Sol System, isn’t easy; moving to a planet as a First Wave Colonist is a lot safer these days, or it’s supposed to be. Hell, Kev, half the Earth might’ve moved here.”
Truhart sighed. “If they’d been right, and nothing happened.” He looked at Matisou. “Do you think they’ll move ahead anyway?”
Matisou nodded, then shrugged. “Maybe. It still depends on what happens next.”

XIU-LI
Ensign Xiu-Li Chen regained awareness and then opened her eyes. By then the sound and stench had once more confirmed her present surroundings as unchanged from the last time she’d passed out, so seeing them was... 
Hell’s butcher shop. And no one else left alive to get her out.
She closed her eyes. They’re finished with Martines so I’m next. Might as well walk on my beach... It might be her last meditation… Instead, she tried to get her wrist loose – and was very surprised when it slipped out from under the loop!
She stared at her hand – it was numb, and she wasn’t certain what she was looking at for a moment. Then it took just a second to grab the rope and hold it, but it was a struggle not to indulge herself and lower her arm. 
All three Qet appeared to be sleeping, but this didn’t mean that they were. Okay, one hand free, two feet and another hand to go. And it’ll take some time to get sensation back in my feet, once I get free… Right… What Wu-Wei Do techniques can I use that... (all the hand techniques she could imagine, in one box)... And what do I need to do? (Hit to stun and humiliate, because all three are about to hack her and it was finally done for, or – some sort of punch for knock out, or a spearhand technique, to kill?)
Problem was, it depended on their three versus her one fourth. Which meant timing would be critical: it had to be one to one combat, and she’d probably be cut down by the two others on the response.
And then an amazing thing happened: A growl, outside the shack –
– and a spatter of falling rocks. 
All three Qet jumped up. Sister ran to the door. “Qet-Vaa is not there.” She ran out of the shack, into the darkness. 
Queen goes over and looks out. She gives a low, chuffled growl, then she looks back at Princess. “Kill her now, and come outside.” She goes to the gear trunk, grabs a high tech gun, and strides out of the shack.
Princess picks up a qetcla blade and walks toward Xiu-Li. The smile on her face actually makes her deadly cold eyes pretty.
Xiu-Li takes a deep breath. Too bad...

ARIA
Moving quietly, Aria climbed down the rocks. She had waited until what she judged was the coldest part of the dark night. She had memorized her trail, and it proved silent all the way to the rocks behind the servant. She was somewhat concerned too hard a blow might kill him, but could not risk a strike that did not knock him out.
The boulder she threw at him did a great job of knocking him out, just the thud of rock on meat, and he toppled silently. Threnody dragged him over to a group of big boulders and dropped him there. Then she took a deep breath, pointed her magpistol, and kicked a large boulder toward the valley the camp overlooked, audibilizing a growl as she fired e-magpulses at the snoring doggish reptile until it slumped and stopped snoring.
Aria has barely ducked when the first sentient intelligent female runs out of the shack, soon followed by the larger leader. It is clear they are skilled killers, holding short swords in one hand and some sort of energy pistol in the other. The first sentient intelligent is checking over the perimeter as the other, larger one – Best Cloak – just looks around.
The first one is almost on top of the rocks where Aria has hidden the servant.
The big one peers into the corner where the doggish reptile is; seeing it dead, she shouts, turns, and runs back into the shack. The other one stands on the rocks and hesitates...
There is an unearthly screaming roar from inside of the shack. 
The smaller sentient intelligent female starts toward the shack. Aria pulls herself around the boulder she’d been hiding behind and rolls –
There is another roar – of great rage – 
Aria rolls herself hard into the sentient intelligent female’s knees.
The sentient intelligent hits the ground flat, before she can even cry out a warning, the air knocked from of her with a great whoosh, her blade and pistol flipping across the dirt. It doesn’t knock her out, however, and she squirms around and tries to punch Aria. If she manages to land a punch it will hurt Aria badly. She is as strong as Aria – maybe even slightly stronger, and differently trained. Then she flips on top, and they face each other – Aria feels hands around her neck, starting to close, a pair of indifferent green vertical slit eyes – no, they blink – the sentient intelligent female is curious what choking Aria looks like.
Aria’s own hands climb up the sides of the sentient intelligent female’s head, until her thumbs rubs the sentient intelligent’s temples. 
The female looks surprised and starts to squeeze Aria’s neck. Aria sighs, breathes deeply, and summons forth Movement 22 of the First Meditation: her hands go flat against the smooth skull, grip, and rotate (her Teacher’s voice: “You compress hard to create a black hole, and then rip spacetime to spin it.” – “Yes, Sifu!”)
There is a snapping sensation through her arms, a very loud crackling noise as the cervical spine breaks apart and severs the spinal cord. The hands drop from Aria’s neck, Aria push-pulls the head in her hands, and the dead sentient intelligent’s limp body rolls off to one side and away from her.
Aria rolls away and gets to her feet, blinking her eyes, trying not to be sick. She looks over at the shack, which has now been silent for some time, it seems. She picks up the alien pistol and starts walking toward the quickshack...
A blast of bright pain as a heavy hand crashes into her head –
– on her knees, flashing pain echoes through her head, no energy to rise, can’t coordinate enough to stand – Aria looks up – 
The sentient intelligent servant male raises a hand to strike her again – a long looking “short sword” blade gleams in it – 
Aria can’t even raise her hands. She takes a slow, deep breath instead. Too bad...

XIU-LI
Smiling, Princess Qet came to kill her.
Xiu-Li saw it in slow motion, already using her mental focus to create her own strike point and sharpen her strategy... 
Princess steps right toward her, blade at her side – 
“Sorry, Princess.” Xiu-Li’s hand flashes out, fingers pointed – They plunge into the Qet’s throat. The dark eyes bulge – the blade jerks up – she is very strong, and powered by death – 
Xiu-Li pulls her fingers out, grabs the Princess’s blade hand at the wrist, and with one swift, twisting snap, guides the sword deep into its owner. 
The young Qet looks down at her hand and the sword it has stuck through her chest. The Princess looks up at Xiu-Li and blinks. Her hands drop to her sides. 
Xiu-Li grabs the knife handle and holds it as the Qet slides off the blade and drops onto the floor. Xiu-Li considers it all part of the same unreal miracle that she doesn’t cut herself to shreds with the super sharp short sword, the way her hands shake as she slices her bindings off. Now – some clothes! She moves toward the pile of Space Fleet uniforms thrown in one corner, hoping hers is there.
Movement – uh-oh... 
The Queen appears in the doorway. Her deafening roar of rage and pain rattles the quickshack’s plaswalls.
Queen raises her pistol – Fekk, this is it! thinks Xiu-Li  – raises it over her head, and with a  growl, Queen throws it as hard as she can at Xiu-Li.
Xiu-Li dodges it – Fekk! If I’d caught that, I’d have a gun! —
The short blade flashes – with a second scream, this one of battle, Qet-Qeta jumps right at Xiu-Li. 
Slashing silver arcs – CLANG! 
The clash of blades makes her new blade nearly fly from her hand, and Xiu-Li smells sparks – Uh-oh! Help me, Space Mother! A quick back slash almost gets the alien weapon knocked loose from her numbed fingers as Xiu-Li slips out of range.
Queen growls.
Xiu-Li considers options, comes up with none. Queen can just jump from standing as far as any human longjumper; distance is no barrier, so Xiu-Li might as well fight as close as she can. In fact, if the Qet are a non-contact species then perhaps they will be weak on the inside – if I can just dodge her cutlery and get in there... 
The Queen relies on brute strength and the quickness of big leg muscles, and she has survived so many, many fights. Her angry bull rush quickly subsides into a mechanical and scowling hot coolness. Queen uses her blade to set up punches when not trying to slash or cut Xiu-Li with it – a blur, but one Xiu-Li can easily see into. 
No different from blade sparring, really –zzsssh – OUCH, shit, hope that’s not too deep – zzzh – Fekk! – zzssh – zzhsss – zshhh – ooops! – zzh–zz – “Unh!” Uh-oh. Fekk! That’s bad. That one’s – fekk, that’s it! 
Xiu-Li triple kicks Queen, the last connecting to her head, stunning Queen just enough that on her inside pass Xiu-Li slashes at Queen’s sword arm – her right. The alien blade lays bare her alien bones, red blood spurting.
Queen flips the sword to her other hand and chuffles. “Despite my anger I am impressed with your skill and see that my poor daughter was terribly overmatched. I will enjoy eating your liver, Jooli.”
“You’ll have to find a new chef first, won’t you?”
“I do not need a Chef to cook hoo-mons, Jooli.” Her lip drops over her teeth. “Meat is meat.”
“I am not yet your meat, you big brainless Qet-not has-been.” Xiu-Li figures one of those three insults should enrage Queen – 
Queen roars, and the respite is over as she charges again. This time Queen attacks with a flurry of slashes: exhausting, never ending slashes – each one to be dodged, deflected, parried, re-directed, or otherwise avoided. It’s clear Queen is stronger on her left side than her right, yet has only basic techniques for the left side. Queen is a weaker technician with her left arm, but strong enough that she is just as dangerous – more so, as Xiu-Li begins to tire and weaken, and fighting a left handed opponent – it was somewhat novel for her.
Xiu-Li hits something wet on the floor – she slips a little bit – feels a hiss across her scalp – oh, FEKK, no! – She hears a grunt of frustration as she dances backward. No blood? No pain? Not from my head, at least. Must have been close.
CLANG! More sparks – dodge kick, elbow, ah-ha! Kick – WHAM! Okay, this bitch – POPP!– Shit! Is going to hurt me if she hits me like that again – POWW! “Ahhhh!” A stunned Xiu-Li falters, falls backward. 
Queen instantly emerges from her crouched fighting stance – raises her qetcla to spring forward and then bring it down –
Xiu-Li rolls to her feet as Queen springs. She executes a turning flying roundhouse kick to Queen’s ribcage and finishes with a sharp upward sword thrust combination – 
Queen’s open ribs and lower belly take the kick – Queen bends forward slightly in response – Damn, this Qet bitch is solid muscle! thinks Xiu-Li – 
The Qet’s silver blade starts a counterslash strike – then drops onto the floor.
Xiu-Li’s qetcla is shoved up under Queen’s chin, emerging from the top of her head. Queen’s eyes cross as she staggers backward, arms waving, mewling softly, until she falls on top of her daughter. Xiu-Li crouches, waiting... But it’s really finished.
Xiu-Li picks up Queen’s qetcla and her Fleet uniform, then all of the uniforms. Let’s try to delay giving the enemy any more information. Xiu-Li slides on her boots.
She walks out of the shack and sees Aria, who is dazed, on her knees, her uniform slashed, face cut and bleeding, looking up at – the Servant, about to stab her – 
“YAA!!!” the blade leaves Xiu-Li’s hand – the Servant halts his thrust and starts a look over in her direction – 
Xiu-Li jumps – the heavy blade thuds into his neck – he staggers slightly –
– Xiu-Li’s flying side kick connects on the blade handle, and sends the rest of the Qet blade through his neck. As the blade slides through his neck, the strike knocks him off of and away from Aria, who puts her hand to her head. 
The Servant crashes onto the ground and then there is... Silence.
Silence.
Xiu-Li staggered over to the water barrel and poured herself a bucket. She tried not to gulp it but drained it nonetheless, and poured another. She carried it over and put it down next to Aria, then peered at Aria, who appeared stunned – there was a slash through her uniform on one shoulder and she had a cut on her left eyebrow near her temple. Bright red blood trickled down.
Wow... her blood is really red! Xiu-Li looked around. Sister was lying there, not far from the Servant. She was dead – the dark bruises Aria had showed the hard damage she’d taken before using a skill to defend herself. Poor Aria! Niv so rarely killed things.
“Are you seriously hurt, Lieutenant Commander?” asked Xiu-Li, squatting down to look in her eyes. Threnody gave a start and blinked. She looked at Xiu-Li and her mouth dropped open. “Hey, Lieutenant Commander? You okay?”
“I am... Alive.” Aria actually sounded surprised. She looked at Xiu-Li, then past her, toward the shack. 
Xiu-Li shook her head, then reached out her hand. “May I?” She felt the side of Aria’s head. “Ahh, I’d say you’ve been hit hard and then knocked around a bit, Lieutenant Commander.” She then realized she was still naked, covered in dirt and blood, and must look pretty fearsome... Xiu-Li abruptly sat down. Everything had gone gray, and it was still spinning.
Aria, expression neutral, was on her knees and unzipping her uniform top – 
Now just a second – this can’t be real! – and removing her bra. Aria’s breasts swung free – wait, this can’t be right... Aria’s breasts disappeared back into her uniform – zip. She tore a pocket flap off her uniform and used her bra to tie it firmly around the deep slash on Xiu-Li’s left arm. Oh. Forgot about that. “Thanks, Aria.” 
Aria looked at her, and a smile curled the corner of her mouth for just a second –
– she’s beautiful when she smiles – no, I’m still seeing things – 
There was a hard crackle of static from a sentient intelligent comm unit near the Servant. After a moment there was a hum and the bodies of Servant and Sister disappeared.
“We must evacuate this area,” said Aria. “A further patrol will likely follow, and their Tachyon Transport Field technology seems to be in an operational phase. One moment.” She walked away.
Xiu-Li looked at metal boxes the Servant had been sleeping on. The corner box had a pictoglyph of a booted foot over an oval button. “Permission to leave some mines to slow up any party fielding in, m’am?” 
Aria had walked to the rocks and retrieved her mission kit bag from the rock trail she had used. Now back, she cocked a brow. “And if a party from WHEELER passes through first?” Her eyes had cleared, full Niv poise and balance returned.
“We can leave one in plain sight at either end; only people fielding in would have no way to know they were there.”
Aria nodded. “Very well. I will assist to save time.”
They put the last ones down as they backed from the camp. Aria slung her mission kit bag and Xiu-Li put on some shorts she had cut (she didn’t want to get her uniform all bloody). “Which way should we go, m’am?” 
“There is a trail north. I do not think it prudent to return to the shuttleRunner at this time. The route has areas exposed without the presence of cloud cover, the absence of which is responsible for their tachyon field device now working, and we are also a three or four hour hike to it. I recall there are meadow areas north, where we can contact the ship. The initial trail is through rilles and will screen us.”
“Aye, m’am.”
They had been hiking hard for twenty minutes when they heard a distant crackling blast. It was much less satisfying than Xiu-Li had supposed it would be. It confirmed the tenacity of the Qet, who were following up just as humans would, and showed some tactical predictability in this group. It also meant any Qet survivors or further Qet search parties might even now be starting out to follow them, and they would have no way to know it. Be nice to know just how many Qet are left aboard that ship, Xiu-Li thought. 
She sighed.

ARIA
The overhanging rock walls still prevented comms unless the receiver of the signal was directly overhead, and that was with the general units; thinking about it, now that she had Xiu-Li, and the immediate threat was literally behind them, Aria Threnody supposed she was required to use a laser comm for tight beam and a no intercept comm, but the ship would be a hard target to acquire… No. They had to get into a position to receive the carrier wave from the ship, whenever it was sent, and then see what developed.
Aria put her DPaT away and walked back to the strip of grass by the frigid river they had been following north, into the canyon they had originally wanted to explore. Xiu-Li, asleep, was curled up on the warm grass. 
She sat down next to the sleeping ensign. It would be an irrational accident for Xiu-Li to die now from drowning by rolling into a river while sleeping! She looked at the sleeping human, still naked from the waist up, filthy from dirt... Beautiful.
Seeing the grinning sentient intelligent male drop his sword after a blade from nowhere had flown into his throat had taken so long to actually register in her mind that Xiu-Li was squatting next to her and asking her if she was okay before Aria realized all of the sentient intelligents were dead, and they were both still alive. When Xiu-Li asked if she was hurt, Aria did not know what to say. “I am – Alive.” Yet she was more than just alive; she could feel the wind brush her skin, smell all of the different trees, hear the far-off nightwolves, all more clearly than before...
Aria had looked over at the silent shack and then back at Xiu-Li, who just shook her head. Eight crewmembers dead! Aria’s head began to pound, and she had winced in pain... Pain she still felt now, but not physical. 
She took a slow, deep Centering breath. Aria had read the Helix Niv Manifesto and Codicil. It was in the Codicil that goals were specified, and Xiu-Li had all of the elements of a classic Niv “Warrior Scholar” – high skills in the arts of war and peace, compassion, self-sacrifice, and diplomacy. Right now, covered in filth, both bearing the marks and smelling of battle, she really was just like one, too: naked, sweaty, bloody, injured, and ignoring it all to offer someone else help. Xiu-Li as Niv warrior Scholar... Interesting. 
Then Xiu-Li had groaned and abruptly collapsed down into a sitting position, looking dazed and puzzled. There was a long slash on her left arm, visible only because blood was still oozing from it.
In no time Aria had taken off her bra, torn a flap from her uniform, and tied the field dressing over the wound. Xiu-Li simply said, “Thanks, Aria,” and Aria had felt a powerful surge within her. I want to say something witty! Aria had a tremendous urge to try “flirting” – I want to flirt with a Hero, like in an old romance holo! It was such a silly think that Aria had felt her lips twitch – Xiu-Li would certainly be surprised! 
Aria was a bit surprised herself. Niv culture, with a smaller population and the bio modifications of the Great Change, recognized the true transience of life and the ways people may meet, spend time together to learn something, and then may choose do anything from move on to stay put and learn more. Aria knew the Sol System Belt was a “loose” zone but the inner planets were more conservative. She didn’t want to offend anybody, and of course there were boundaries but... This wasn’t the military, and humans in space are driven to cuddle, so outlawing it was asking for constant violations. Aria Threnody! This is completely Irrational! 
Then the sentient intelligent comm had crackled static, and the bodies of the servant and the younger female vanished, along with Aria’s grin. A working Tachyon Field Transport or “a flying Higgs Field carpet” (and beings who were unafraid to risk using it!) changed strategy and tactics... 
The hike had made Aria concerned about Xiu-Li: she was not exhibiting any of the “shock” behaviors Threnody had often seen in humans after an intense experience, and it worried her. Xiu-Li seemed as matter of fact as any Niv… Until she had begun to tire at last. They had stopped in a wide gully then Aria had climbed higher and tried a comm. No use, but she could see there was one area of rockpools just ahead which looked extremely interesting. Then she had returned to find Chen asleep, which delayed current movement to… Xiu-Li frowned in her sleep. 
Threnody had seen the bones from what Servant and the dog reptile had been eating. She was still able to refrain from speculating on what Xiu-Li had seen while captive; sleep was probably good, but it would be… Disturbed for some time.
Aria found it... Tempting... To consider trying an empathic bridge. Xiu-Li had the ability – her previous image contact proved it, but a bridge was invasive and not really ethical without... No! What is wrong with me? Perhaps it was taking that sentient intelligent female’s life? 
No – that was the rational response for that situation. 
No... I seek to relieve Xiu-Li’s pain! Shocked, Aria rocked slightly, took a deep breath to steady herself. Many Sol Humans were balls of turmoil and usually seeking relief, swamped by their irrationality, where Xiu-Li ignored her pain when she had to; and where a Niv would be almost haughty, about this, Xiu-Li appeared to be unaware of this selfless quality she had. She’s in psychic pain of a type I actually could help her with, but it would never occur to her to ask for assistance. Xiu-Li will suffer on and merely ignore it – unlike Tania Manda, who could “really wallow in it,” as a female crewper once commented. Space, the cruelty Xiu-Li must have witnessed... Aria looked away. I will tell her I can help her meditate. 
It was still too soon to permit reflection on her own images of death and her near death, or the surge in her heart when she looked at the Sol human woman who had now saved her life – such an interesting mix of near-Niv dedication to the rational disciplines with purely Sol human emotional passions and desires (everyone heard too much about Orlando Timbers seeing Xiu-Li, the first really serious “dating” anyone had seen the new crewper doing; consensus was that she could do better, but that was because Orlando was so well known – a nice enough guy, but anybody would be better).
Aria listened to the water rushing past, and breathed.
The river was narrow, deep, and cold – fed by vast glaciers melting on the slopes far above. There were enough old lava tubes and sulfur deposits to indicate ongoing volcanic activity throughout this range. She had seen algal growths in smaller streams and pools in the area ahead – Aria suspected there might be a hot spring just around the next rocky fold, which would be tempered by the glacial river water into a milder temperature range, and would assist in treatment of their injuries.
For the moment, she closed her eyes to slits and entered a light meditation... 

XIU-LI
Hey – The Qet steps up behind Aria and thrusts a long sword right through her – Aria’s head jerks back as bright red blood spews from her mouth and the spearsword emerges from her, rising up, up, up – Xiu-Li screams and kicks – 
“Ensign. Ensign! – Xiu-Li, Xiu-Li, you are safe. Safe.”
Xiu-Li twisted – Aria held her, she was lying next to a riverbank in warm sunlight, and everything in her body hurt. “Unnnnnnh.”
Aria frowned in concern. “Are you hurt?”
“N-no,” she croaked. It was hard to believe she wasn’t dead. This was so very unreal… I can’t imagine Aria would hold me like she’s... Ahh, she feels good, pressed against my back... Um, too bad… Guess I really can’t just snuggle here... “Very s-sore.” 
“If you can walk twenty five meters, I can offer an assistance for that.”
They more or less stood up together. Walking hip to hip, they went around the next rocky corner... It was a grotto-like hollow, of sorts. Fifty or sixty meters across. They stood there, frozen. Amazed. Stunned.
Alge stained the walls, different colors at different temperatures, creating a living tapestry. There was a thick stream of water gushing from a crack, waterfalling down to the river, falling into a hollow oval in the rock, maybe thirty meters by ten, creating a deep pool with no alge in it that swirled gently until it mixed into the river at the lowest bottom end.
Xiu-Li gulped some water rations while Aria examined the pool and found it safe – not too hot, not rough, not deep, no detectable biological hazards. “The risk is acceptable. Do not –”
Xiu-Li jumped in without taking off her “shorts” the moment that Aria said “acceptable” (luckily there were no unseen underwater hazards). 
The rock pool proved to be a smooth, deep oval depression, perfect for bathing. It was away from the river but mixed with it enough to be about 28 C in the middle – warmer at the hot stream end and cooler at the river end.
Xiu-Li floated as Aria turned away and methodically stripped off and folded her clothes before turning. Her face was impassive, and Xiu-Li chose that moment to turn and remove her “shorts” and fling them by the rocks, so Aria could make her entrance in private and – 
Warm, strong hands touched her back. “Ensign Chen, I believe a series of aural chakra accupoint stimulations would assist with your recovery,” said Aria. “I am also curious to hear your initial report, if you could make one.” So as Xiu-Li hung off the warm rock edge and semi-floated, she gave a report as Aria worked on her back.
The first part was easy: “Lieutenant Herkle had already stopped everyone, waiting for you and I. There was a cracking sound, and an avalanche. Dalby was killed. Lieutenant Herkle’s leg was broken.” Now it was getting a bit harder. “Addams and Ramble ran forward to scout. Ribaud and I picked up the lieutenant and the rest of our group then moved forward thirty five or forty meters to a wide, open semi-circular area between the rockwalls.” Xiu-Li paused and drank some water. “I heard someone yell ‘ambush,’ as did Lieutenant Herkle, Martines, D’Arial, and Ribaud. Karaff began suffering from shock. Lieutenant Herkle asked me to recon forward, so I did; we reviewed the sitmap and he decided to rush forward in squads, by force.” A quick sip. Aria’s long fingers were doing great things to her poor shoulders and upper arms… Xiu-Li took a deep breath. “As we advanced, Karaff... Slipped and fell. There was another avalanche, a large rock fell on D’Arial... We pulled back. They rushed us. I thought I heard Lieutenant Herkle and Lieutenant Ribaud shouting ‘Wheeler’ before I went out.” Her throat had a lump in it, and she drank more water. 
Aria was silent but her fingers and the delicious warm water were reassuringly soothing. 
“I woke up in the quickshack. There were four alien sentient intelligent females and their male servant. They call their species Qet. They had us, Martines and Karaff and I, and they – first they – they k-killed Karaff... And then... They killed M-Martines. When they heard the rockfall outside, they woke up and had to respond; I was able to get a hand loose and kill the one sent to kill me. I got loose, got past the leader, and came out in time to see the servant about to behead you.” Xiu-Li shook her head. “Space, this has been all split-second timing and critical distances.”
After a few moments of silence during which those powerful hands worked the tensions out of her body, Aria said, in a low voice, “They were wearing jewelry and paint. Was this in your honor?”
“Yes, they felt they had to honor us, that we were both ‘true warriors’ and worthy of ceremony.” Xiu-Li laughed mirthlessly. “This was after they ate Karaff alive. They killed Martines first, and more quickly, but still... Did the same thing. And they would’ve got all dressed up for me.” Finishing the water ration, she was feeling so much better that she shivered as she thought about it – here we are, an Ensign and a Lieutenant Commander, floating in a mixing pool! It was more unreal stuff. What a mission this turned into! Xiu-Li took a deep breath. “I thought I was all alone down here.”
“No. I called the ship to report and learned sentient intelligent starships had entered the system, fighting, and we were in Condition C-17. When I moved the shuttleRunner I saw a crashed starship, and I concluded this is an internal political dispute of some type. I trailed your captors but I... I then waited too long and should have moved much more quickly.” Her low voice dropped to a whisper.
“They would have killed you. If Queen hadn’t killed Cookie, I doubt I could have escaped – but with only three Qeta and their servant, and then two of them lured outside... I was able to.” Xiu-Li shook her head. “It seems irrational to self-berate about results of a sequence of events and timing one cannot control.” She paused. “Oh! I am sorry, Aria. I intended no insult.” Xiu-Li blushed.
“There is no insult to your observation.” She touched the back of Xiu-Li’s neck. “But have you applied it to yourself?”
Her heart swelled. “Of course, Aria. I’m beating myself up, and I miss my friends already. I’m not as Niv as I wish to be.” She tried to swallow the lump back in her throat. “They are all my friends – all of them gone, and from a cosmic coincidence of timing. But I mean, if I’d stopped Clarissa, or if –” She sighed raggedly. “Honestly, Aria. I really think we each did as much as we each could possibly do, and as soon as we were able to. And if you think about it, we did well to survive the encounter at all.”
“Again, a sound, rational argument.” Their ten had bested at least a dozen; Xiu-Li had personally killed at least half that dozen by herself – at a high cost to all. “I must thank you for saving my life. You used their name?”
Xiu-Li turned slightly and looked back at Aria. “Qet. And if you hadn’t come for me, they would have killed me.” She shook her head. “I might have gotten loose and given them a fight, but without you distracting them, the situation would never have developed where I could actually get loose and still get out of that shack alive.” She looked back to the rockwall. “I thank you.” Xiu-Li took a deep breath and slowly turned around to face Aria. “You have some injuries yourself, Lieutenant Commander. May I attend to their treatment?”
Aria blinked, then thought about the idea. 
Xiu-Li’s heart pounded – that’s more like the old Aria, nothing like the overly formal Niv style to make her reboot a smidge – and then Aria moved to one side and leaned back against the rock edge. Xiu-Li knew Aria’s head must hurt because her breathing speeded up when the cut and the bruises around it were probed. She used the first aid box from Aria’s mission kit bag to clean and field seal the cuts on Aria’s head and shoulder, feeling Aria’s dark brown eyes on her as she worked.
Xiu-Li was tired but feeling better, and this was no time to take advantage of Aria, even if she was starting to sense that perhaps maybe she actually could (Ahh! I’m her hero!) if it was something she wanted to do. Something about the moment was making her feel... Oh – Aria saved me, too – she’s my hero! 
Well... No, it wouldn’t do, and so she kept it all squared away – no matter how weird Xiu-Li felt, no matter how much she wanted to hug the shyly trusting third officer, kiss her and – well, she wasn’t even so sure herself, and this was all something to do with the moment. Some strange celebration of surviving, that was it – an endorphin surge.
On the other hand – Orlando would have been incapable of saving her. Once back on WHEELER, he probably would not even hug her until she was in a clean new uniform. He liked his women as clean and shiny as he kept himself. It wasn’t a “dealbreaker” for her, but... Now, Nate was a hero, but he was a clumsy hero, so he was dangerous to be around. I felt safe in his arms, because that meant he wasn’t off in one of his experimental vehicles, risking his clumsy life, and because I trusted him with mine, as long as I wasn’t in one of his vehicles. If only she could find a brilliant but safe hero – A-ha! That was it.
The Universe is dangerous. Orlando Timbers – face it, Jool – looked really handsome and sexy, and he felt that way, and it was all quite exciting, but until Xiu-Li had started thinking about all of this (to distract herself from Aria Threnody in a pool with her on an exotic planet!), she had not once imagined herself as, “back on the ship, safe in his arms.” Back at her post, back in her quarters, back in the gym, yes, kidding with... Well... Back drinking coffee, and “Lone Wolf” Lobo was there – they were going over an optics cable run the Captain wanted, and it was “back at her post,” but it was also Lobo… Lobo? A very long reach – but again, not Orlando. Nice guy, Orlando, but – 
Even Aria was a better – whoa! No. It just would not do. “There. That should do for now,” muttered Xiu-Li. The cuts were clean, and the bleeding stopped. Xiu-Li moved away and splashed backward, even managing a backstroke (at least her shoulders now functioned again!) The pool was two meters deep in the middle, and swimming was a dream – even more unexpected than meeting aliens had been, oddly enough. She did some laps to work out her kinks while Aria got out and got dressed – using the water draining from her to wash blood stains out of her uniform.
Finally, it was time to get out, and as she slid on her uniform, Xiu-Li watched Aria climbing up the rockwall to a high, clear point.
Xiu-Li had just started up when double tracks of reddish plasma scratched the night sky in a triple pulse of fire. She looked up to see them returned as a single blast, then another triple pulse follow up. By now she had reached Aria. “None of those are InterWorld Group weapons, are they, m’am?” Back to business...
Aria turned and looked at her. After a moment she looked up again. “No, Ensign Chen. They are not.”

TANIA
Her fingers flashed as she swept the planet below for signals. Tania was sweating slightly, looking for any response to their carrier pulse. The big “Egg Burner ship” had stabilized its orbit, and after many hours had finally broken it while behind the distant planet, emerging to head in toward the inner system. The smaller “Egg Boat ship” in geosync had powered up weapons, as had the incoming Egg Burner, all with comm silence. As the Burner made its final approach there was an exchange of signals, in an unknown language.
The battle had been fierce, the Egg Burner capable of delivering triple pulse fire from its two-point weapons bank, so the Egg Boat had used faster turns and flight techniques to minimize damage. It could still damage the Burner and did so; still, after just five exchanges the smaller ship’s single point, single pulse weapon stopped firing after taking several fairly direct hits. 
Before its engines or lifesystems could be targeted, the Egg Boat accelerated and speared deep into the Egg Burner, just forward of its engine section.
Mouths dropped across WHEELER’s bridge. It required real dedication to ram any opponent with one’s own ship; in space, surviving that tactic was especially difficult.
The Egg Boat’s engine core ended up inside of the Egg Burner’s main section, ahead of the drives, which had been on full and were not altering. The impact started the Burner rotating as it accelerated, so the big ship now slowly corkscrewed away from both planet ESPC-12 and its moon, on a trajectory heading out of the ecliptic at a high speed with no way to slow down.
Takaguchi swore. “Both of those engine cores must be damaged – they’re going to go critical once the shielding power systems fail.” An uncontrolled antimatter blast would send an energy pulse shockwave through space, especially if both went simultaneously.
Matisou tapped his chair. “That won’t be nice to be around, outside an atmosphere.” He looked over at Tania. “Okay, Ensign Manda, see if our people are still down there. Mister Debitts, take us to the planet into a geosync over our people’s last signal area. Mister Takaguchi, keep a close eye on the hulks – weapons fire, core flips, anything, and send the mapRunner into geosync near us.” He hit the chaircomm. “Mister Lobo, the time has come, and I trust you’ll be set when we need you.”
“Aye, Captain. You’ll be suitably awed all around.”
The bridge laugh rippled. Matisou grinned tightly. “We will now anticipate no less, Lieutenant. Bridge out.” So here they were, over the planet again, trying to raise both people and shuttleRunner autopilot, using the heat map for the latter. 
BEEP! “We’ve got the Runner, sir!” called Tania. 
Debitts turned to a panel. “OK, powering up – looks good – okay, sir, we’re ready!”
Matisou smiled thinly. “Very good, Mister Debitts. Let’s get her back on board. Is the mapRunner in place?”
“Aye, sir,” called Takaguchi. “Waiting for drop coordinates.”
“MapRunner – Ensign Durling, right?” Durling had the current twelve hour watch as pilot, if he recalled correctly.
“Sir!”
“Are you ready, Ensign?”
“Aye, sir!”
“In and out, Ensign. Careful on your landing. Watch out for hostile parties.”
“Aye, sir!”
“Team on its toes.”
“Aye, sir!”
Matisou sighed. He looked over at Tania. “Ensign Manda?”
Her fingers danced over her readouts and inputs. “Nothing yet, sir.” Where are you? Is anyone left? It’s okay! Come out now! Please! Hurry! – but protocol dictated only a carrier pulse, which would activate their comm unit alerts, reacting like a radar pulse to any unit worn or carried by a living crewmember.
There was a beep, then another one. “Captain, two comm signal-backs – coordinates to Mister Debitts.”
“Got them! Course plotting – set – sent to MapRunner – all ready, sir!”
“Very well, Ensign Durling – take her down. Good luck, MapRunner. Bridge out.”
Tania jerked upright. “Captain!”

ARIA
The alert beeped. Aria turned and pointed the comm at the sky. “Threnody to WHEELER.” She looked at Xiu-Li, seated on the rocks just below, and the grassy meadow reachable by the trail just above where Xiu-Li sat next to the mission kit bag, drinking water. From her latest highpoint Aria had recognized a perfect landing strip, assuming the explosions in space had all been Qet-related.
“WHEELER!” came Matisou’s voice. “Prepare for pick up assistance.”
“Understood. Meadow eight hundred meters south, will guide.” It would work! As she had planned... This time.
“Acknowledged.”
Aria thought a second: the Captain might like to know the other survivor, but I can’t give a name. “The butterfly sword is still sharp.”
“Acknowledged. Ten minutes. We are under a time constraint. Out.”
Aria frowned and closed her comm. It would take her at least six minutes at a forced march to reach the meadow, about three minutes to reach Xiu-Li... She bounded down the trail as Xiu-Li looked up.

XIU-LI
When she finally collapsed, it was with bitter knowledge the Niv had beaten her. Xiu-Li knew Threnody was stronger than an average Sol human, but still thought she could beat the engineer; now here she was, collapsing as Aria started yelling.
Aria had checked in with WHEELER then updated Xiu-Li as they shared a refilled water ration, indicating the Runner’s landing zone area. Xiu-Li had looked at their pick-up point, in a meadow on a hillside far above them, and then down at her feet. You have got to be out of your... After a moment, she decided to treat the thing as one of those survival exercises at the University, exactly the sort of brainless superhuman effort that no one would ever have to actually do in real life (they had not actually trained to be soldiers, after all).
She got going immediately, and soon they were racing along, pacing each other, pushing each other – until in her mind Aria was, “you Niv bitch,” as her only barely reinvigorated muscles soon tired, and her head started to slide around slightly… So Xiu-Li pressed harder, taking the lead, until at last she tired and slowed. It was hot up here in the sunny meadow. Beautiful, smelled great, but hot!
Threnody passes her, and then stops.
Xiu-Li crashes into her and plops down onto the grass. When she tries to get up, she can’t. She looks up at Aria, wondering why she isn’t standing up next to the engineer as she expected, but her aching legs and feet won’t respond – In fact, they don’t hurt anymore, which is nice – No, wait. I can’t feel them at all. Now, that can’t be good. 
Threnody yells, lights flash past  – 
The Niv beat me... Oh well... guess she’s supposed to, really, but... Xiu-Li lies there... Does she feel Aria Threnody’s hand in hers as the noisy sky finally churns into warm blackness?

MATISOU
The spinning ships were almost ninety thousand kilometers away, still tumbling. 
Takaguchi calculated that any minute one drive core or the other would go critical, but it would not take more than thirty or forty seconds on full MirMat in the opposite direction to provide distance for a hyperflight jump. His scowl was tentative, which was a good thing; now it was just the matter of getting their crew back on board first that had him worried.
Matisou was worried too, but he sat there calmly enough. It was all timing now, one thing after another until they could get clear, and it was timed against an unknown quantity: how long before either of two unstable antimatter drive cores experienced uncontrolled annihilation and exploded?
“ShuttleRunner One in geosync one kilometer above us, sir,” reported Debitts. 
“Very well; after we have taken the mapRunner back on board and have cleared the bay, dock Runner One and then clear us out at maximum drive.”
The comm crackled: “WHEELER, Map; all okay and returning.” 
Matisou looked at Takaguchi. “Still no system activity, sir; ships are ninety two thousand kilometers away.”
“Our reception ready?”
“Aye, Captain.” The Medical Quick Response Team would meet the MapRunner, and then Debitts would bring the other Runner in on remote as quickly as possible. “And here they come, sir.” Takaguchi put on the aft camera, and the MapRunner flew up toward them and then into the shuttleRunner bay. The docking tube extended toward the hatch.
Aria and Xiu-Li are on board, thought Tania. Poor Xiu-Li... I hope she doesn’t get too messy over Orlando!
“You’re up, Mister Debitts, as soon as you have bay clearance confirmed.” He saw the Medical Quick Response Team was already out of the docking tube and into the corridor, on the way to Medical.
“Aye, sir.” Debitts activated the program. “Runner One on auto approach to dock point.” By the time it was at the docking point eighty meters off the bay, the MapRunner was empty, its hatch closed. Debitts now took over the main flight controls and glided Runner One into the bay; as soon as it touched the deck next to the MapRunner, the outer door began closing as he brought the MirMat drive up to power and sent them heading out of the system in the opposite direction from the deadly cores about to blow. It took fifteen seconds for the bay doors to close and WHEELER couldn’t go into hyperflight until they were; some distance from planetary gravity wells was also needed.
It was now ninety seconds at maximum MirMat, waiting for a pulse of destruction to annihilate them.
“Nice Runners work, Mister Debitts.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The shiplift doors opened, and then onto the bridge walked a battered but unbroken Lieutenant Commander Aria Threnody.

XIU-LI
The Doctor seemed to be looking for reasons to let her go, but kept delaying actually doing it. Truhart had found nothing on his scans to explain how Xiu-Li had been able to understand Qet. He concluded some sort of earplug or maybe a mastoid bone patch had been used, which her physical exertions or the fight or even the swim might’ve dislodged. He asked her if she had seen horrific things (she said yes, she had) but did not seek any details immediately; he got to work on fixing the minor, more conventionally physical problems (like the deep slashes and cuts).
She was sore all over, generally beaten up and had cuts (some dramatic), bruises (some dramatic), and some twisted joints, but no bones broken, no infections, and no internal injuries. He had already told her to report back to Medcal if she had trouble sleeping or bad dreams or intrusive memories. Then he had given her a comm pad and discretely ducked away.
The chrono read 2010 hours. Xiu-Li saw Orlando had left a message, as had Tania, coinciding with news of re-contact; both originating from Orlando’s quarters, within minutes of each other. 
Tania, in her usual unsubtle rush – marking her territory, perhaps? I wonder if Orlando knows she sent one? It wasn’t that Orlando wasn’t lovable – Love’s just not enough in a Universe like this. You have to work together and be able to rely on others. Orlando would give his life for fellow crew, but he could never lead a rescue party – that was not quite within him...
In a flash, it was clear to Xiu-Li that they had no future – she would eventually lose patience with him – so there was merely playfun ahead of them. Now, is that what any of us deserve? 
She took a slow breath. Truhart’ll be back in a minute. Orlando was on his garden project for shipservice before his 2100 hours overnight duty watch in the medical section began, so she sent a quiktxt and then left him a slightly longer message – the ominous, “I’ll call you when I’m feeling up to it,” (often the precursor to, “let me check, and we’ll try to meet for a coffee,” which signalled the return to “neutral relations” and the end of a more personal relationship aboard ship, where nobody ever really wanted to “break up” with anybody). Soon it’ll be coffee with Orlando, and he’ll be telling me all about Tania Manda.
She looked up at the ceiling. It was hard to feel pain about it; given all she’d seen and been through in the last thirty six hours, losing Orlando was actually a relief (she hoped Orlando would take it well, actually). 
The question here is, what does this mean for her and others like, well – Lobo, or... Or even... Aria? No that was silly... Something about the setting. Stop it! Xiu-Li heard the doctor returning and put on her “best face going forward” look.
The Captain (looking so-o-o terribly concerned!) was with him when Truhart opened the sliding door. Truhart bowed his head and then moved away, leaving them alone. 
“Are you okay, Xiu-Li?” The way Matisou toned it – she could answer any way she had to, or chose to... 
“I am not hurt too badly, sir. I think Lieutenant Commander Threnody got the worst of it. Are we okay sir?”
He smiled, but sadly. “We’re safely in hyperflight to Heart, the nearest IWG admin center for debrief. The Lieutenant Commander insisted on a data download before she would consent to appear here, but she seems in good health.” The warmth turned worried. “She didn’t see everything that you have seen, however.” Matisou frowned. “Do you think you can tell me about it now?”
“Yes, sir.” She gave him a quick report while he crossed his arms and walked back and forth. He did not ask questions. His eyes touched hers when she needed to know she was being heard, and that what she said made some sort of sense, even when it didn’t, and even when what she’d seen and now said was senseless.
“…I violated your R.O.E. level, sir.” In the end, Xiu-Li wanted to account for the deaths that her actions alone had caused. She was now looking straight up at the ceiling.
He cleared his throat. “Ensign Chen, I do appreciate your disappointment with violating any rules of engagement levels, but I don’t think you were given one, as I was made aware of. Further, I was informed recently that ‘the artifacts’ were found on this planet, something which surprises neither of us now. Had I known this, WHEELER personnel would’ve been at Action Stations and planet parties given R.O.E. One status.” Matisou shook his head. “In the circumstances you faced, you acted with skill and restraint, and fulfilled your ultimate duty to protect other IWG Space Fleet personnel – just like I do. To date your instincts and response have been on target in every case. I will be glad to review every case with you, should there be future ones.” He gave her a tired grin. “You’ve convinced me you’re not a bloodthirsty killer type, Xiu-Li. I want you to know you have my full confidence and support in your decisions. I expect you to continue responsible applications of your skills, and I don’t want you to start hesitating because you know I don’t like lives wasted – bold action during a sudden attack may preserve lives.”
“Aye, sir.”
He studied her. “Let me also say that you are never obligated to accept orders you know would put you in a position that could only result in the deaths of others. You are no one’s soldier or assassin, Xiu-Li, but the abilities you have developed are needed in a modern Space Fleet, and both the Tactical and the Intelligence Divisions will be getting this action-intel as a matter of course.”
She looked alarmed. “Sir, I just got here!” but she saw his hands raised, and subsided.
Matisou looked impressed with her control. “Easy, now, ensign. The earliest I would let you leave my ship is with a promotion to lieutenant, and a decent skillset opportunity to use your all of your talents and experience. Right! Understood? Good!” He smiled for a second. “You will have a number of opportunites offered to you because of events here, and some you might not have thought of, that was my point.”
“Captain, shouldn’t we anticipate problems with Qet?”
“These appear to have been... Qets not in favor with other Qets, as you reported. The bosses might not want any real publicity at all about it.” Matisou shrugged. “But I hope we are anticipating trouble, because we’ll need starships built which can withstand those weapons... Are you really okay, Xiu-Li, or are you screenfacing me?” He said it gently, and he was really concerned. 
She swallowed. “I’m relieved to be here, sir. I don’t have any broken bones or obvious internal injuries I’m aware of. My thoughts are – well, I’m a bit tired, but I don’t feel freaked out. I’m rather sad, of course, but very much looking forward to analyzing the Qet comms and the tactics used. And I’ll do what the doctor tells me.” She studied him. “There was nothing any of us could have done except what we did do, sir.”
He studied her, arched a brow, and nodded slowly. “Well,” he said, after a moment or two. “Commander Takaguchi said he expects you back to watch duty as soon as the doctor clears you. He wants to begin the tactical debrief when you’re up to it.”
“Yes, sir. I believe the doctor said I would return to duty in 24 hours, but could leave here any time ‘soonerish.’”
“Yes, I... I asked him to keep you here just a bit longer.” He smiled sheepishly. “Sorry.”
“No problem, sir.” She saw the doctor appear, smiling. 
“Ahh, are we ready to leave at last?” said Dr. Truhart. As Matisou turned to leave, he mentioned to Truhart that Aria would be stopping by soon.
Xiu-Li was glad she was off Truhart’s medical monitors as her heart raced just slightly, recalling their... Oh, stop it, Xiu-Li! Enough! She saluted the Captain as he stood in the door for her to pass, on his way back up to the bridge.

ARIA
The bridge was tense when Aria entered it, fresh from the shuttleRunner. WHEELER would be prepared to fight if attacked, but otherwise they were going to head out of this system as fast as they could, before the explosion, and as quietly as possible; considerable uncertainty existed as to whether any more hostile ships were out there. Any relief over the safe return from the surface was fast moderated by the technical details of moving WHEELER clear of the system in time, and further offset by the loss of eight crew down there. Rumors of the events and the attacker’s actions were already circulating.
Tania Manda gawked at Aria when she stepped out of the shiplift and looked around the bridge. Matisou took one look at her and stepped over, relieved to see her, very concerned. “Are you all right, Aria? How’s Xiu-Li?”
“Superficial injuries for us both, sir. She is by now in the Medical Section.”
“Why aren’t you there now as well?”
“I came to make my report first, sir.”
Matisou held up his hand. “I appreciate that. We’ll be clear in ninety seconds. Unless you have something of acute major tactical importance, I think you should go to medical, record your log, and I’ll expect your full report at 0800 Divisions in the morning.”
She nodded, then handed him a small zipkit. “I removed these personal items for the families and used rockslides to create two tomb structures while still minimizing sign of further presence.”
Matisou stiffened, taking the zipkit. “Thank you,” he said softly. He looked at her. “Tell me, Aria, do Niv believe in burial?”
“No, sir. Bio-recycling or cremation is preferred.”
“Then why did you take the time to do so?”
She peered at him, puzzled by his query. “Because they believed in it, sir.”
Matisou studied her and nodded. “Get yourself checked.”
Aria nodded stiffly. “Very well, sir. I will download the collected data so it can be accessed, and then go to medical.”
Matisou opened his mouth, looked in her eyes a moment, then just nodded. He stayed on the bridge for the ninety seconds it took to exit the system and cross into hyper, then took a deep breath and turned the bridge over to Takaguchi. “I’m going to medical to see Chen,” he added. He paused at the science station, next to Threnody. “Shall I tell the Doctor to expect you?”
“Yes, sir. I will be leaving in a moment.”
“Please do; unless we are under an attack, it’s bad business for officers to bleed on deck.” Matisou’s eyes twinkled just a moment – he was glad she had survived, even as the losses of the others weighed so heavily on him. Then he was gone, headed for medical, as Aria looked around the deck for blood, and of course found none. She knew the cut on her shoulder had dried already, while the one on her face... Xiu-Li... Threnody started on the datadisk.
After thirty seconds, WHEELER dropped out of hyper. The ship was now thirty standard units away from HD-19373, or thirty times the distance from the Earth to Sun, watching feeds from the databalls in the system. At this distance it would take 249 minutes for any signal traveling at the speed of light to reach them, but only thirty seconds for the Tgen based hypercomm signal to reach them.
Aria finished D’Arial’s report and exhaled; now to quickly chipload Manda’s comm intercepts, and soon she could rest... 
“Aria – good to see you,” murmured Takaguchi. “Think she’ll be okay?”
How long had he been standing there? “I think so, sir.”
“And you?” 
Xiu-Li’s touch – the concern in her eyes – 
“Aria? You okay? You’re bleeding...”
– I’m not supposed to feel this way! Aria looked at him. “All superficial, sir. I will be attending to the cosmetic aspects shortly.”
Takaguchi’s voice dropped slightly. “Was it bad – and did she do well?” Only minimal information had been exchanged under the C-17 Priority ONLY comm status: the number of dead.
Aria straightened and looked at him, thinking over an answer to his question. He eyed the cut on her shoulder; the whole watch had seen the holes and rips in her uniform. There was a flare of light on the array from the system behind them. “There they go,” sighed Tania as the blaze flared across the viewscreen. It had happened ninety six seconds after they had crossed into hyper.
“Yes.” Aria handed him a chip of D’Arial’s datastik download – the last meander cut out. “For the ship’s records.” The room tilted oddly. “I think I am going to medical now.” Takaguchi looked at the chip title, glowing red: D’ARIAL, C – After Action Report. 
Threnody stepped out of the shiplift to go to Medical Section and found the Captain there, waiting to go back up to the bridge. He looked haggard. Eight crew! Matisou nodded somberly, lost in thought. 
“Captain, we just monitored an explosion consistent with drive core failures near the HD-19373 system,” she said.
“They never had a real chance.” He scowled. “And you two –” He shook his head. “It’s a miracle you were able to save her.”
“I believe Xiu-Li has mis-interpreted my actions as some sort of deliberate diversion to save her.” Aria scowled. “I was clumsy.” She looked at him. “She saved my life as well.”
Matisou blinked. “She did?” He smiled weakly. “She left that out.”
“Yes sir. A servant who I had rendered unconscious woke up and attacked me as I tried to recover from my just concluded encounter with a different – Qet.” She cleared her throat. “He struck my head, dazed me, and was about to cut my head off with a Qet blade when she killed him.”
Matisou shook his head, exasperated but pleased. “Jool has saved half the damned bridge crew in the last three months,” he said. “I’ve never heard her talk about it once. I’ve asked – nobody else has, either.”
“She does seem remarkably unaffected by her achievements.”
Matisou nodded. “The crew are. They really respect her.” He looked down. “But she doesn’t appear to have too many close friends, and Jool lost two of them on this mission.” He looked at her. “I want to put a science and tactical package on a shuttleRunner, maybe both of ‘em. Once you’re back to duty, can you fit that in?”
“Aye, sir.” The corridor wavered slightly. She summoned all her control. A project working with Xiu-Li! Aria even used the thought to give her the energy to straighten, as if nothing was wrong with the tilted floor under her feet.
Matisou did a doubletake. “See you at 0800 Divisions, or when the Doctor says so, okay, Chief?” he said quickly. He looked annoyed with himself for talking on and on while she was hurt, and delayed her no longer.
Dr. Truhart turned as she entered. “Good evening, Lieutenant Commander. The Captain said you would be by soon.” 
Aria looked around, saw that Xiu-Li was gone. 
“Now, then,” said Truhart, oblivious to her disappointment. “Are there cuts anywhere else beside the obvious ones? Is there any pain or damage anywhere else that we need to concern ourselves with?”

XIU-LI
Her body ached a lot less and Xiu-Li was thinking about trying to get a snack (but for Space sake, no meat! ) when her door chimed. It was 2220 ship time – early enough for a visitor... But none were expected (without Julissa, or Orlando, or Clarissa, there aren’t many friends left to stop by and visit – ) Xiu-Li took a deep breath and went to the door.
It was Aria Threnody. She stood there stiffly, a big commisary container box in her hands. She wore gym sweats, the ends of her hair were damp, and she had an unusual expression of uncertainty on her face. 
Xiu-Li stood there, trying not to stare (Space, she looks cute!) and intensely curious. “I hope you are well, Lieutenant Commander?”
“I am in no grave discomfort, Ensign Chen. And you?”
“I’m very sore, but I’m sure I’d be worse if you hadn’t helped me. Thank you, m’am.” Aria looked so stiff and serious that Xiu-Li naturally responded in kind. She looked at the box, then at Aria. “How can I help you, m’am?” Xiu-Li was abruptly aware of the breeze from the corridor licking around her bare ankles and running up her bare legs – reminding her that a long sleeptee and panties were her only clothes. Xiu-Li motioned Aria inside. 
Aria hesitated, visibly. “I took the liberty of getting some food as I knew we were both going to miss the evening meal in medical. Chef sends best regards.” She swallowed, then stepped in, the hatchdoor sliding shut just behind her as she stood there next to Xiu-Li. “Please, call me Aria,” she said quietly, then looked down. 
Something else she’s not saying yet... What if... She... ? Xiu-Li flushed. The room swayed slightly. The hand that touched her shoulder was burning hot through her sleeptee, and she leaned against it. “Ensign...?”
Xiu-Li heard so much in that one word, heard depths where she’d expected none – No, I’m hearing things now. “Aria. We should eat.” As Xiu-Li sat down on her couch she couldn’t believe that Aria had brought her dinner and they were going to eat in her quarters here, together – this was sort of like a... A... A date! (In fact, Aria Threnody had looked positively shy when asking Xiu-Li to use her name!)
Inside the big container was a square insulated box and other smaller food containers. They put them on her day table. The insulated box contained, “A flat bread with melted cheese, tomatoes, and spices on it. It is called pizza,” finished Aria. “Chef suggested it when I expressed interest in expanding my mostly vegetarian diet to fare beyond Niv foods. I have not previously had the chance to actually try it until tonight, when Chef insisted that something special should be made.”
“It smells delicious.”
“Yes, the aroma is quite... Refreshing.” Never having eaten it before, Aria looked slightly perplexed as to her next action. 
Xiu-Li giggled and used silverware to pry a square piece out of the box, then passed it onto Aria’s plate. She served herself a slice. Aria watched her lift it to her mouth, blow on the corner and then bite into it. Perfect! When Xiu-Li opened her eyes, Aria was looking back at her, an amazed expression on her face as she chewed her own bite. Xiu-Li smiled. “Mmmm.” Nothing like good pizza. 
Aria swallowed her pizza. “Delicious.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “I have noticed that everyone seems inordinately concerned with some minor, superficial lacerations of mine. May I ask why this might be so?”
“Aria, when Sol humans care for one another they express their affection and concern by inquiring about one’s health; it can also be a way to deliver a compliment, depending on how one’s wound is obtained.”
“I noticed there was – laughter – in one situation when Chef burned his hand in hot water.”
Xiu-Li giggled. Chef Kimonetti had used such language! “That was both a response to his reaction and relief he was not injured more seriously.” She tilted her head. “Niv do laugh, don’t they?”
“Of course, if something is humorous. Laughter has been part of human life for five million years.” Aria looked at her. “I noticed you asked about my injuries, you expressed concern, and reacted with an attempt at humor.” 
Usually Xiu-Li would riposte that remark, but she decided that Aria could hardly be expected to understand Sol human humor, let alone its purpose in social exchange. Aria was still looking at her, waiting for a response. 
“Yes. I did.” And having answered, Xiu-Li sat there and breathed for a moment. Had she felt Aria’s hand holding hers before she finally collapsed down there? It had been dreamlike... 
“Earlier you suggested explanations for this Sol human behavioral response,” said Aria. “May I ask which one applied in our particular situation?”
Xiu-Li finished chewing the last bite of her first slice. Niv were much more used to long gaps while rational arguments were being constructed and reviewed, so she could really think for a moment – long beyond the point where any of her past lovers would have asked her if she had been listening, or was still awake, or something (except for Nate, who had always assumed she was just still thinking, as he so often was – just never about her, or what they had been discussing).
Aria just ate pizza and waited, like Nate Hensridge did long ago.
I wonder if she’s anxious about this? Since Xiu-Li had decided her answer long before, she let the silence stretch until it was a little unfair – she was not sure why. “The emotions I felt then were gratitude for your rescue of me, my fears you had been injured on my account, along with intense admiration, affection, and respect for you –” she took a deep breath. “– the latter three being of a more permanent emotional state where you are concerned.” Xiu-Li looked for something to drink to cover the big lump in her throat. I’ve said it now – I think. There were two canisters. Her mouth dropped open when she hit the release on one and heard it bubbling away – that smell – “Aria, Chef gave you champagne?”
Aria’s dark brown eyes dropped to the canister. “Chef said a bubbling white wine was indicated so ‘the bubbles will tickle you into a better state of mind.’ Is it alcoholic?”
“Yes. Maybe you’d better –”
“I would like a full glass, please... I believe our service has a tradition of honor that requires some toasts.”
They exchanged somber glances.
“Yes, m’am,” said Xiu-Li. She unwrapped the two graceful crysglas flutes tucked inside the box container and poured. As she watched the first foam subside, Xiu-Li was trying to guess if they would just trade off toasts, and which she would get. She added a bit more to each flute, and gave one to Aria, who had finished her slice of pizza.
They stood up.
Aria, as senior officer, raised her glass first. “Today I was saved from death by the actions of a crewmate. To her I offer my thanks... And to the Service, past present and future.”
“To the service.” Xiu-Li drank. Mmmm! “And thank you, m’am.” She cleared her throat. “To – t-to absent friends.” Tears rolled down her cheeks and she was not ashamed, but was still relieved it was a private toast, and five or six tears was it. True tears could come later.
“Absent friends.” Aria drank; she had drunk half a glass so far. 
They paused a moment, then sat down. 
Aria studied the tiny bubbles in her glass. “This is an unusual glass.”
“Yes, it’s specially designed for drinking champagne. It’s narrow-mouthed to slow gas diffusion, and one holds the stem so as to prevent heating the champagne with body heat.” Xiu-Li then put it to use. 
Aria shifted her grip to the stem of her flute, looked at Xiu-Li for confirmation, then finished the glass in one gulp!
Aria looked at her as Xiu-Li’s mouth dropped open. “This is a most curiously... It is a ‘happy’ wine.”
Well, that’s a pretty rational description of it. “Yes, it’s known for that.” She watched Aria get a second piece of pizza out and attack it. “It gets me pretty buzzed. What about you?” 
Aria tilted her head slightly. “‘Buzzed’? You mean ‘drunk’? Oh, no, not on a wine like this.” She ate more pizza. “This is a most nicely satisfying meal. May I have more champagne?”
Xiu-Li refilled the flutes. She’d always liked Chef Kimonetti, but this was giving her a whole new appreciation for the value of a really good chef, and it wasn’t merely cooking.
“I have performed a quick review of the intercepted comm signals and chiploaded them for your review.” Aria looked at Xiu-Li. “Did the doctor explain why you could understand Qet?”
Xiu-Li shook her head. “He said it was a patch or earpiece that washed away – he found nothing on his scans.”
Aria went to the desk and slotted the chip. “I want to play some comm and see if you still understand it. Agreed?”
“Sure.”
Aria hit play. Qet slithered from the speaker: “You Qet-not renegades will never survive.”
Xiu-Li chuckled. “Let me guess: big ship to the smaller one. It said ‘You Qet-not renegades will never survive.’” 
Aria looked at the screen. “Your point of origin is correct. This was broadcast shortly before they attacked.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “Evidently you do still understand Qet.” She went thoughtful. “You understand the context of a meme unit like ‘Qet-not’ as well, don’t you?” She was trying to gauge how much interaction Xiu-Li had had.
Xiu-Li nodded and sighed. “Just a random act of violence by a universe, then. Perpetrated by individuals no longer in this one.” She sighed again. “Thank Space!” she said, and drank some champagne. Xiu-Li looked at Aria, who seemed a bit bright-eyed. “Thank you!” she said, and drank to the slightly surprised Aria. “If you hadn’t gotten the two of them out of that hut, I’d be dead, Aria. Now, this Sol human does get drunk on champagne, and I have gotten tipsy, and brave. We say ‘in drink there is truth’. You’re being awfully nice to me. Why?”
Aria held her gaze several seconds, until shy uncertainty made the third officer drop her eyes. “I am unsure.” Many of the physical sensations that were sweeping her were known to Niv (and to Aria) but she was somewhat surprised to feel them in this situation; and they were triggering flaws with her control. “To give you thanks?”
“That’s sweet, and we’ve thanked each other a lot. Can it be that you need a friend? Someone with brains to keep up with at least some of your interests? Friends teach us things and help us pass the time.”
This somewhat unexpected answer made Aria raise her head. Aria’s lips twitched, the dark brown eyes flickered and dropped down again. “Your offer of friendship comes at a time of some chaos, given the circumstances between us.” The eyes came back up. “It is deeply appreciated... And accepted... If you will have me.”
“I am honored. I have lost too many friends today... As I first thought when the door chimed.” Xiu-Li looked down, cheeks burning. “Again, I wanted to thank you, too. You’ve always been sort of a hero of mine.” She looked up. “That has now become the actual situation.”
Aria blushed again. “Perhaps. Yet you did not tell the Captain of your saving me from the servant.”
“Really? Well, I was still a little dizzy.” Xiu-Li grinned.
“I do not think my clumsy assault and its accidental distraction merit the term ‘heroic’ as defined by your throwing a Qet blade at a Qet about to cut my head off.”
“Sounds as if we were both heroes. And as for your kindness in caring for me afterward?”
Aria looked down. “It would be irrational to have permitted your injuries to cause any further debilitation to you.”
“You didn’t have to bathe with me.”
Their eyes locked. Aria’s eyes flickered. “I was injured as well, and soaking assisted me.”
“Oh. That’s rational.” Xiu-Li smiled. “It was about as opposite from everything else I’d been through as I could ever imagine. It was... Beautiful.” She was thinking about Aria.
“Yes,” said Aria. She stood up and looked through the box. “I was only able to find one of your swords but...” She pulled out a tied roll of Niv silkn. “It would be in keeping with tradition to substitute weapons taken in battle for those lost in the struggle.” She handed the roll to Xiu-Li, who stood up unsteadily to receive it. 
Xiu-Li took the heavy roll and bowed formally. “Again, deepest thanks. I had not even thought about it.” She unrolled the Niv silkn. Inside was one of her butterfly swords and two Qet qetclas. Differing in grip and curve, they were otherwise nearly the same balance and size. It flashed through her mind that the Qet investigating mission (of course they would send one, and it was probably en route in hyper at this very instant!) would find her butterfly sword, as well as some of the Space Fleet gear they might have missed  or which the “renegades” probably had stored somewhere.
Xiu-Li re-rolled the blades and put them into her martial arts drawer. She was aware how the sleeptee riding over her nipples were making them tingle, harden, and tingle more (it wasn’t Aria exciting her!) and how she seemed a bit – what were they discussing here? It was one thing to goof around with ensigns, this was the third officer who she was...
Was thinking about? But here Aria is, and she is… Is – Is hanging out with me after inviting herself in, and bringing me presents. In my quarters. Just accept it, and remember that denying a reward is in some cultures is sometimes an insult. I owe her a reward as well, and if, well, then that is… Oooooh, she was so nervous!
Xiu-Li turned and faced Aria, who had gathered the plates and trash and put them in the box. Aria had a medium dark blue bottle in her hand, and studied it curiously. “Chef did not tell me about this.” She held it up.
Xiu-Li’s jaw dropped. “Deep Blue Belter!” she said, staggering slightly. She went scooting back to her martial arts drawer. Space it! We’re ALIVE, let’s dare to LIVE! – saucily bending over as she bent down and dug out two shotglasses.
Aria seemed – pleased – to see them in her hand. She arched a brow over sparkling brown eyes, and said, “Those look traditional.”
Xiu-Li froze – I almost forgot, it’s been so long, but there’s quite a ritual if you want to do it all. A shiver tickled her, then a wave of shivers. This might end in... “If I didn’t know better, I’d say Chef was trying to get me drunk.”
Aria looked at her and handed her the bottle. There was a tiny card on a cord around the fat bottleneck: To Life! – DM Space, this is from the Captain! Xiu-Li looked at Aria. “My mom always had a bottle locked away.”
“Were disasters so common then that such a supply was required?”
Xiu-Li smiled. I do so love Niv thinking sometimes. “We were a search and rescue group. Well, Life can be celebrated at any time after any disaster, was the way I heard it put.” 
“Then I suppose this situation meets the tradition and qualifies.”
They had survived. Chef Kimonetti had sent champagne. The Captain had sent this bottle. The orbital tradition immediately after a disaster was for survivors to gather and drink a shot to celebrate life. The bottle held eight shots, the size of an escape runner or EmerPod, in the optimistic assumption all flightchairs will be full. Once a bottle is opened, it must be finished at the sitting. She looked at Aria and took a deep breath. “If we open it, at four shots each we’ll be pretty drunk when we’re finished.”
“Both of us are on medical leave for 24 hours, Ensign Chen. Neither of us has watch duty tomorrow morning.”
Xiu-Li giggled. “Lieutenant Commander Threnody, are you encouraging me to get drunk tonight?”
Aria shook her head. “No. You know I have been in trouble with this particular beverage before.” Her brow arched. “Perhaps I jump at any excuse to dance with it again... Unless you are not up for it, Xiu-Li.” They stood there, facing each other. 
Alive. Together. Xiu-Li grinned from ear to ear, twisted open the bottle, and poured two shots. The dark blue translucent alcohol was laced with threads of gold. “To Life!” she cried.
“To Life!” replied Aria. 
Xiu-Li’s eyes watered as she poured the next round – the taste was pleasant but still strong, and it burned as well as soothed – then Aria took up the second shot and said, “To Life!”
“To Life!” replied Xiu-Li, drinking her second. The second burned less, tasted much better, and – Hmm! Interesting effect! She paused. It tasted good, at least. Aria seemed to be in no distress – maybe even swaying slightly... Or was her vision blurry? Her full belly was warm and tingly now, and she felt pretty good.
Aria stretched. “I find my injuries hurt less.”
Xiu-Li laughed, and stretched too. “You’re right. Wait until we feel our hangovers tomorrow, though.”
Aria nodded. “I have heard of this. I am not, however, drunk. I experience the taste and some physical flushing and other sensations associated with alcohol, observe a long and honorable social tradition with a –” Her eyes flickered. “– A new friend and fellow crewmate.” She stretched her arms out and dropped them.
Xiu-Li nodded, heart beating faster. That pause, and the order of her definitions... “We have spent half of our evening thanking each other, Aria.”
Aria looked startled. “Is this a real ‘evening’?” She now looked shy.
Xiu-Li sighed and smiled at her. “Yes, a very nice one so far. I was hungry, alone, and susceptible to loneliness after a miserable day at work... And I made a new friend. I would be honored to study any of the many accupoint muscular or meditative techniques to heal or use that you think I could learn.” It was a reason to spend time together that bore scrutiny. “Your physical meditations are private, but you might learn new body techniques through study of a spiritual Earth art like Tai Chi, a highly meditative martial art style from China. I know two forms I could teach you.” That would be a public reason to be seen together that would support private time.
“What you suggest is rational –” (Space, yes! thought Xiu-Li) “– but difficult.” (Fekk, no!) “– Because the Captain has assigned us to putting a new sci-tac sensor package on one of the shuttleRunners; that will take time.” Aria’s brow arched. “I am certain we will work out some sort of schedule as we progress.” Her gaze sharpened. “You recognized some ‘physical meditations,’ you said?”
Xiu-Li kept her face still. Aria had definitely learned how to fight, and that might not be exactly consonant with the public image the Niv wanted to project. “I presumed your culture has some sort of yoga or similar art, or other meditative forms to prevent physical deterioration caused by too much thinking in situ.” She managed not to grin.
“I studied at the Niv Exosciences Institute. Part of exoscience is the study of Niv science and the actual historical record, not merely what people say about it today.” Aria sighed, then her lips curled as she smiled. “Doctor Watson Helix’s ideas about rational culture are still not the only ones held on Niv; some fully reject the path of rational dominance of thought behavior altogether, and still indulge in the vast, endless ocean of emotions – like Sol humans always have – but they generally leave Niv altogether. Then there are those Niv whose rational view dictates learning a discipline to prevent the senseless loss of one’s life to a random act of personal violence – that in a one-to-one situation when being attacked, it is irrational to apply the usual rational pacifism of Doctor Helix and accept injury or death.” Her brow arched. “This point of view is held by Niv found working in the Niv Intelligence Service as well as the Self Defense and Niv Space Service. Politicians argue either side, and Niv diplomats tend to pretend there is no such thing, except in their most secret meetings.”
“Tai Chi is the physical study of balancing forces.”
“That would be interesting to compare – but I was speaking of Doctor Watson Helix.”
“Ahh, yes. The meditations of the Niv Warrior Scholars.”
Aria nodded. “And heroes.”
“Heroes to be rewarded with due service.” Xiu-Li poured two shots. “Or are you a Scholar I serve?”
“A Scholar of Niv often forges alliances through effective sexual technique, whether as reward for a heroic act, or to assist in surviving defeat in battle, or a School defeat.” Her eyes dropped. “I am not a Scholar, in any event.”
“Sister, yes you are.” Xiu-Li laughed. “Sometimes we all are, Scholar Aria!”
“Do not call me that.”
“Or what, you will pout like a princess?” Xiu-Li shook her head, grinning at Aria’s annoyed expression.
“You are better defined as a Warrior Scholar than I am, if you are seeking the truth, Xiu-Li.” Her voice was slightly slurred. “I am too much the engineer, too much of the scholar.”
“I have seen you fight. I would not want to try it.”
The Niv woman sighed. “Yet you had to save me.”
“You are not being rational about this.”
“…No.”
Xiu-Li looked at her. “Aria... There was nothing you could’ve done. I couldn’t help Markis, I hardly helped Lissa... At best, you would’ve ended up under the rocks with D-Dalby. I mean, if you’d been walking back with me. Instead, you ended up creating the very situation I needed to... To get loose.”
Aria’s dark brown eyes searched hers. “I have never had to... Even the most overly vigorous male responds to a genital kick. No one was ever strong enough to try to choke me.” She looked sad. “I was so... So sorry she was giving me no other choice.”
“How did you even know I was in the shack?”
“I caught your meditative radiative star image.”
Xiu-Li blushed. “Oh.”
“You are very skilled.” Threnody nodded wisely.
“I should send you some images of my island; I’ve been studying meditation and working on it since I was ten.”
“That would be interesting to explore.”
“Mmmm-hmmm.”
“What are you looking at?”
Xiu-Li smiled. “Your eyes.”
“What about them?”
“I like them.”
“Do you often find yourself attracted to eyes?”
“Not particularly, but every now and then.” Xiu-Li laughed. “Of course, the eyes you see looking back most often tend to belong to those of a lover.”
Aria looked away. “I heard you were – Ahhh…”
“It would appear two old friends consoled each other over the reports from the planet surface of my loss, and I believe they see what a truly fine match they are together. I have wished them well, and I’ll sit down over some coffee one day with my friends Orlando and Tania and talk about it.”
The Niv woman was silent, looking back at Xiu-Li as she had spoken. Xiu-Li stood up unsteadily and walked over to her desk. She punched in a music program.
Neither of them was sure what to do, or if they wanted to do anything, which to Xiu-Li meant doing nothing; this was still not the right moment (maybe there wouldn’t be one) and that was okay – Aria Threnody would be an interesting person to know. She was sort of “crushing” on her because of the whole “hero” thing, anyway. They weren’t Sisters, weren’t going to be, not that way; but they were going to be friends, and they had survived a ferocious, deadly encounter.
Xiu-Li looked at both third shots. “I was just thinking... We both survived a pretty deadly encounter.”
“Yes. On both sides.”
“Oh, yeah.” She handed Aria a shot. “I hope you don’t mind a drink to that? It was pretty fekkin’ awesome, wasn’t it?”
Aria took the shot in one hand, put her other arm around Xiu-Li and hugged her. “I do not object, Xiu-Li Chen.”
There was a formality in tone that made Xiu-Li forget how good it felt for Aria to be holding her. “May we toast to that, Aria Threnody of Niv?” She used her free hand to lift her shotglass. “To Life!”
“To Life!”
The warmth of the third shot was matched by the arm around Xiu-Li’s shoulders, and it was very nice indeed.
“You admire eyes,” whispered Aria.
“Yep. Qet have beautiful eyes, don’t they, but then they get so cold –” Xiu-Li broke off and shivered. “Orlando has nice eyes. So does Wolf Lobo.” She felt Aria rub her back. “It’s – it’s those cold, cold Qet eyes –” She now started to shiver continuously, heart starting to pound –
“Shhh. Stop that, Xiu-Li. You’re safe on WHEELER. I’m here. I’ll stay here, if you want.” Aria rubbed the shivering hero. “It’s been a mess, but we got out of it. We’re okay now.”
Xiu-Li gave a great sigh and the shivering slowed. “Sp-space, I’m a m-mess here.”
“You don’t drink often.”
“Hardly ever – three times a year.” More often, recently, given the number of Toasts.
“Please, Xiu-Li. Why not lie down – there you go.”
“Thanks.” She lay down and Aria sat down next to her. Xiu-Li gave a great big yawn – it was catching up to her quickly now, all of it. “Did you ever, you know... Daydream... About anybody on the crew?”
Aria blushed. “What do you mean?”
“Well... You’re a senior officer, so you don’t date. Daydreams are something else, like me and Dopey Jimmy.” She looked at Aria. “Sorry I asked,” Xiu-Li sighed. “Never mind.”
Aria’s dark brown eyes flashed. “Please. If you would ask one of your other friends, please, ask me.” She smiled. “I am quite new to this, but I assure you, I am interested.”
Xiu-Li giggled. “Well, okay, but I warn you right now, it’s all the alcohol talking... I’m just curious.”
Aria looked down. “One of the innovations of the Great Change was a form of reproductive control. In order to ovulate, Niv women must refrain from orgasm for over thirty days. This causes a cascade of hormones.” She looked up. “So Niv women tend to, mmm, daydream at least once a week, if not once a month. Unless they want to ovulate.”
“Mmmm. Nice.” Xiu-Li looked sleepy. “You have beautiful eyes too, Aria.” She closed her eyes. “Very nice.” 
Aria smiled at her. “Do you like cats?”
“Mm-hmm.” She smiled sleepily. “I used to have a cat.”
“Good.”
“Mmm... why?”
“It’s a... Traditional quantum companion on Niv.”
“It suits the Niv...” she chuckled. “Very apt.”
Aria blushed. “Is that a... a Niv joke?”
Xiu-Li’s eyes cracked open. “Just an observation by a lover of cats, who prefers reserves of passion to the slobbering affections of dogs.” Now Xiu-Li opened her eyes fully. “Although I have met some dogs I am in awe of, like the Tracker Corps.”
Aria grinned. “Please. I was – teasing you? Teasing you.”
“Well... I suppose you’ve earned it. At least in private.”
The Niv laughed. “Not easily earned.”
“No, I’d really rather have caught your eye on some project on the ship. Instead we solved a bigger exercise together. And lived to tell about it.” Xiu-Li closed her eyes again. “My hero.”
“Don’t call me that.”
“Don’t save me next time.”
“You’re the hero.” Aria sounded odd.
Xiu-Li cracked an eye. “Wait. Didn’t we agree we both were?” 
Aria looked down. “Okay, but please don’t call me that.”
Xiu-Li sat up. “I’m sorry, Aria.” She put her arm around the Niv third officer and hugged her. 
Aria sighed. “Let’s face it: my mission cost us eight people. I supposedly saved the quiet one, who’s really rather sassy when you get to know her. Maybe I’m just sensitive as a cat, but that’s not what I call a hero.” She looked at Xiu-Li and smiled. “A hero throws a blade from three meters away and follows a perfect hit with a knock-out kick, then keeps quiet about it.”
Xiu-Li grinned. “A hero is anyone who survives. But I won’t call you one, as you’re apparently as sensitive as a cat demanding attention about it.”
“Thank you, Jool. I guess that means I won’t tell the captain the next time you save me?”
“You’re welcome. And I will never tell you what to say, Aria.”
They looked at each other, black eyes into brown ones; Aria moved, Xiu-Li moved, they kissed. Once... Then twice... 
To Life!
Chapter 07 - Afterdeaths 
IWG ADMIN COMPOUND #2 
Northshield Town
Heart, HIP-27913 System 
23 June 2173 - Thursday

XIU-LI
The setting fit her mood. Ensign Xiu-Li Chen sat on a bench looking up at a moon. She was out alone, it was night, and it was winter on this part of the planet called Heart, 28.5 light years from Sol, 24 light years from HD-19373. Despite her warm “thermal ops” field uniform, she was cold... But that was perhaps not because it was cold out.
The debriefers were at the local prison base, which was isolated far out in the middle of nowhere to facilitate prevention of escape – the base had been dropped in and was brand new, never previously used. It wasn’t an active police station unit, and so far the jail at Diamond City had managed the few local drunks and petty criminals, so there had been no prisoners for the prison yet. But the debriefers were at the prison base – she needed debriefing – so she was staying at the prison base too (in the staff facility, not as a real prisoner). That was InterWorld Group efficiency for you. 
She had tried hard to be perky and cheerful, but their air of hostile disbelief, disdain and distracted disinterest were very difficult for her.
Then there was “O.P.P.” – the same criminals they had met on Cape Of Velvet in January. Locally on Heart, the deliberate fouling of several diamond slurry lines was judged a “critical terrorist action” done by a group calling itself Organization of Planetary Projects, one worthy of investigation and alarm. Doing this here, and their other violent actions in many systems elsewhere on 1 May 2173, all meant that IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER had arrived from HD-19373 to find humans once again fighting themselves, and an IWG far more concerned about security in their local systems from “O.P.P. forces” than from any “aliens” who, it appeared, had all died in the “encounter” anyway. Not that anyone was even remarking positively to WHEELER for surviving it.
Xiu-Li was here alone, as far as she could tell. She had been briefed on prisoner handling as part of her duties as a Tactical ensign on WHEELER, so whether others were based here or not, the only other people she saw were two nurses, a five member Tactical team “to protect her,” and the three debriefers, who seemed to be channeling questions from an expert panel. She had seen a lieutenant commander from a distance, in a cross corridor, but everyone else she saw was a lieutenant.
Naturally, Xiu-Li answered every single question. She had no illusions about Qet intentions: if they could figure out which direction to look in, they would try to push. Humans could push back (she and Threnody were proof), but by then they had all heard about the O.P.P.’s various attacks in every system on May 1. There were explosions in Sol System, the Triplet platforms in Alpha Cetauri, and the R+D Yards in The Gem Isles, and damage to the diamond slurry lines on Heart, milk lines and media messages on Cape Of Velvet to make points there as well, and now the IWG and humanity were far more internally occupied.
Xiu-Li wanted them all to know. It should be available in the records for later use. She had no doubts that some day it would be needed, so she was being as clear as possible about the events. At the same time, Xiu-Li was a little worried. She still understood spoken Qet, and although she told her debriefers about the initial event (otherwise they would doubt her translations of all the alien communication intercepts, about one hundred and forty lines, mostly threats made against each other), she let Truhart’s report stand and made it seem she just remembered lines well when she heard them.
In fact, it was just as fresh as ever – the line, then a sort of soft concurrent overdub in Standard. It was not a memory, it was in real time, and she felt it was remaining long enough to be permanent. Great! Now I’ve got a colony of translating alien nanobugs living in my head.
Xiu-Li had a feeling they were not Qet, however; something about the way the Qet had handled that box (they had even argued about it, earning a rebuke from the “renegade Qet leader” she had called Queen). The green material it was made of, elements of the design – somehow not part of the Qet weapons, gear cases and ship images she had seen, and unless there were some really sneaky brain RNA-writers for memory transfers which crossed very different species and could alter her brain cells, it was not possible to mechanically teach her a new language, even with advanced nanotech – which, come to think of it, the Niv were quite advanced in.
No memory RNA, then – build a self-assembling nano translator chip and make a direct auditory nerve input, somewhere after the ear and tympanic membrane. When alien words are heard, the unit offers a translation, via the input. It fit the sensations in her body after the Qet she called Queen used the green box to blow something up her nose, so she had probably inhaled them; a comment about, “reharvest the nanos,” and her conversations with the Qet all fit that sort of solution. The headache she had gotten had been the inhaled nanounits moving to their areas and creating a way to both hear external speech and “rebroadcast it” to her in Standard. But if the Qet have never met humans before, how would their nano translator know Standard? 
Qet seemed rather proud; they were probably upset the whole Universe didn’t speak Qet, which she would bet they described as a “perfect language” – but were they bent on conquest to make the Universe (or even just humans) do so?
Xiu-Li couldn’t tell. Pursuing “renegade usurpers” indicated laws and social rules of order, with penalties for violations – just like humans had. And the InterWorld Group fought crime. But Queen appeared so excessive, she was a poor example – would there be the same violent response for any thought “outside the pack”? Whether there were Qet who felt that term, or something catchy like it, would permit a war for territory was another significant question – they seemed prone to “following,” even with “flocks” and “packs.” There were rules of dominance, and ancient reflexes triggered by visual stimulus or verbal call – four of which she had been working on, with only one available in the record (that work required her to meditate about Queen, the lead Qet renegade, so it had very unpleasant emotional codings, but the gutterals might someday cause a flinch or other reaction that she would use to press her point...) Oh, wait, we’re fighting the O.P.P., not Qet, Xiu-Li reminded herself. 
Now, those bastards she really hated! First, they attacked WHEELER’s crew during the shore leave attempt at Cape Of Velvet in January, six months ago, then they launched wide attacks, all timed on May 1, across InterWorld Group space. The R and D Yards at the Gem Isles had been essentially destroyed, they had killed a few citizens in almost every system, and their efforts meant WHEELER was now “on station” while here at Heart. That restricted WHEELER’s crew to the isolation of the mountain woods – but a very pretty, fantastic place to camp out, judging by vids.
The wind blew. Xiu-Li wished she could see the ship, but orbital angle and timing put it below her horizon at this moment.
Since they had already been the target of previous O.P.P. actions, WHEELER was not getting any leave in the city while they awaited orders. The Captain had managed to get permission for a “camp site” in the middle of nowhere. He had approached it like he was invading under fire – remote scouting, scans and triple scans, overflights – everything he wanted his crew to practice, just in case. In the end, they had a very nice little Roman-style camp carved out of the deep woods in a mountain range.
They were demonstrably the only human beings for a thousand square kilometers, and despite all of their “wood carving,” they were still shielded from orbital detection (except during a daily shuttleRunner landing and take-off). It was a glum ship – even with “Camp Matisou” as a project. WHEELER had lost eight crew. All of them had friends, some with a higher level of intensity than others. But no one had any grudges or major feuds on WHEELER, which had been a happy ship. Everyone was missed.
She wondered what they were doing up there on the ship now.
Xiu-Li had watched them plan it all, her name left off every duty roster. “You will have a story to tell,” the Captain had said. “We’ll all be here when you’re done. In fact, we’ll be doing some station keeping time at Heart between survey patrols of HD-19373. I haven’t told the crew yet, but you need to know. You’ll have a full menu to work – we’ll definitely need a pair of advanced sensor package Runners now, plus some more ship sensor upgrades are in the pipeline. You’ll have take out everything you’ve just done, most likely.” Matisou grinned. “I did it three times on the CALIPER.” Then he had looked serious. “Of course, we weren’t under attack at the time.” He hadn’t specified attackers, and she hadn’t speculated, already thinking about finishing Runner Two and what they had learned that would speed up the Runner One conversion…
She wished she was up there, not sitting here.
She wondered what Aria Threnody was doing. Aria was due for debriefing as well, but perhaps lieutenant commanders were treated differently, for she was still up on the ship. Aria might be able to give her some insights about nanotech, but Xiu-Li wanted to be careful. As friendly as they had become, Aria was a senior officer; she would probably have to make a report about any new sort of nanotranslator technology. Right. Especially if it’s infested one of the ship’s officers!
The next day after rescue from HD-19373-ESPC 12, the crew had been wary of her for the first few hours. Xiu-Li was run-down and still in a physical state of shock. She spent the day resting, so it only happened at meals (Chef knew everything that had happened and he made her personal favorites when she showed up). Breakfast in the mess was tasty and filling but “chilly,” albeit civil, and lunch not much warmer.
Dinner had been with the Captain, Takaguchi, and Threnody, in the Captain’s Booth. Xiu-Li had emerged into the main dining area to no appreciable stir or any reaction (which was better than everybody getting quiet and all staring at her, as they had done at breakfast and lunch). As she had left, she met Wentlin Forbben, who was just coming in to eat. He and Julissa had been seeing each other. He stopped and saluted her. “I’m proud to be serving with you,” he said. “To absent friends.” It was quiet and intense: they had both lost Lissa... 
Embarrassed, but somehow pleased, Xiu-Li saluted back. “To the service, past, present, and future,” she replied quietly. Both of them were thinking about Julissa Martines, the Qet that had killed her, and the new realities their service faced.
It happened again in the corridor, people going out of their way to ask how she was, or to acknowledge she had tried her best. What changed? What had happened? Whatever it was, she couldn’t get back to her quarters without half a dozen hails. The next few days it continued, until everyone in the whole ship had checked in with her and told them they were with her. It didn’t mean they were her friends now (part of the reason WHEELER had been a happy ship was that crew knew how to avoid each other when there was a deeper personality clash) but it meant they had... Accepted me back into the pack... or are we a flock? 
It was a Qet political distinction, one that she worried might be critical in how hard the Qet would push, and she didn’t know which Qet side would be the best one to be on.
It was when she accessed the compSys to work on her reports that she discovered Clarissa D’Arial’s report was now a part of the ship’s database. Xiu-Li stared at the log entry and cried a few minutes. She did not listen to it (perhaps one day, but not that day), and realized the crew had heard enough of what happened to realize how awful it was without her saying a word to anyone but Threnody, the Captain and Takaguchi.
Xiu-Li looked around her at the bare trees in the moonlight, with some full pine-like perennials behind and up the slopes. Heart was a beautiful planet. So was the planet at HD-19373, still officially called ESPC12. Both orbited nice G0 stars like the Sun, and they were habitable. Humans and Qet found these planets habitable, therefore desirable.
Planets were dangerous but generally better living than a totally Belt-like habitat. Humans were social enough that they could detect a difference when they interacted long distance, and this worsened when they literally weren’t “all breathing the same air.” Theorists spoke of an “eco-consciousness” which can’t operate upon individuals living in their own complete habitat, as the ships and colony structures in the Belt did (each was a separate pocket of human life in space choosing to interact for supplies and contact, but still in the end just droplets coming together and parting again). 
This was why the Belt and Earth had always had more problems than any planet in any system did – the Triplet at Centauri, and the Gem Isles at Procyon were other examples, but in those cases the distance from Earth had made both Triplet and Gem Isles inhabitants a lot more cohesive than any other Belt-style cultures, and those cultures appreciated the energy it had taken to create the Triplet and the Gem Isles colonies – they just found Earth increasingly “old fashioned,” and treated it like a clueless parent.
She wondered about which category a ship like WHEELER fit. They were all breathing the same air together as a crew of individuals, all going from system to system and planet to planet, on the orders of their admirals – an Operations Chief, under the Commander, Northern Ecliptic Division of IWG Space Fleeet, in IWG Sol System Command, and all owed the Service an allegiance. Orders were then interpreted by the captain, who gave the orders needed to carry out the orders received from the Ops Chief, an admiral. The captain also “enforced rules and regulations, practices and protocols” of the service. 
The Service.
That meant their lives were all tied to something that had never really needed a planet or asteroid habitat to exist: a duty to others. A Belter would risk losing their own life during a hard rescue operation, regardless of the origin of the call, but would justify a homicide by claiming a vendetta existed between their habitat and another – a rescue and murder within thirty hours of each other, by the same crew of humans (on Ceres, where this had happened). Habitats were different little pockets, filled with many sorts of different things (or everything the same), whereas the WHEELER was more like a big sock full of many smooth sea-worn stones – all stones, all sleek, but each were different in color and basic compositon. No sharp edges. Some were heavier, some lighter, some were dense like basalt and others could be seen right through, like rose quartz... 
How I miss you, Lissa, you and your rocks and pebbles and... Okay, enough. Not now, anyway. It’s too cold to start crying here, and if somebody’s watching... After three minutes, Xiu-Li managed to stop. She blew her nose, put the wipee in a zip pocket. She felt better, somehow. She had never cried much, just getting on with the next step to get back on track. In this case the next step probably is crying, so – but I’d rather be working! 
Six weeks after the Qet encounter, Xiu-Li was still recovering from it. Working out the loss of close friends and crew, being helpless to prevent it, was the sort of thing one really needed friends and colleagues for; this was wasted time on Heart, being examined and interrogated (“debriefed” when it was the Good Cop’s turn). It was growing tedious.
She took a deep breath of winter air. There were people on the ship who had been overdue for a planet break; here she was, wishing she was still on board... Then Xiu-Li giggled. She had never realized it, but all of the tactical training and ship service time on the Medical Quick Response Team was offset by a tendency to be sent off on planet missions to protect WHEELER crew. Xiu-Li was getting plenty of planet breaks, but they had turned out badly. 
No... WHEELER was home now. She wanted to be at home, not sitting on a bench… Even in the beautiful light of a night winter’s moon on Heart, twenty eight light years away from Earth.
Her DPaT comm beeped. She sighed – it became a cloud of haze. “Ensign Chen.” 
“Jool? This is the Stooge Crew. A bunch of us were wondering whether Lieutenant Commander Threnody has any Moe-like behavioral patterns.” The voice was cool and direct – it was Aria Threnody herself.
“Hey, Aria! Who’s the bunch of us that’s wondering?”
“Lone Wolf, the Brain Trust, and the Very Reverend Representative of Shemp.”
Xiu-Li grinned. “All the usual suspects. Well, which tendency are we discussing?” Her heart warmed at hearing the voice of her friend.
Now Lobo came on. “Specifically, the use of a thrown boulder as a weapon,” he said. 
Xiu-Li felt herself flush even more. It must be media time. “Well, although that does seem Moe-like,” she said, “it was also an effective improvisational use of a naturally available material as a stealth weapon. That it connects with a Moe-like thud and comical collapse when the boulder is properly applied to the head is not reason enough to tag the Chief with Moe-like tendencies.”
“You agree with the Lone Wolf, Brain Trust, and the Chief then, but Doctor Truhart has called it a Stooge Solution.”
“I’m surprised, Wolf. The Very Reverend Representative of Shemp doesn’t usually argue the esthetics of fist fights.” Xiu-Li grinned.
“No, Ensign, no one can argue it wasn’t humanely effective,” said Truhart himself now. “I applaud that effort by the Chief, although we’re saddened it was still ineffective in the long run. No, it just seems to be a bit, oh, I don’t know...”
“Permit me to assist. Chief, please estimate the weight of the rock you picked up and threw at the Qet servant?”
“Between twenty and twenty one kilos,” said Aria, in the background.
Truhart whistled.
“Yes, sir, I’m afraid even Shemp, the Great Gibbering One, would have likely gotten a hernia just lifting it up, let alone throwing it. Plus the noise of our magpistols is a dead giveaway.” Xiu-Li stretched, the cold here now completely forgotten. The one pleasant surprise in the past six weeks was Aria’s response to the Three Stooges: no one had ever seen her laugh so hard. “What are you watching, Doctor T?”
“Three Pirates, I think.”
“The castaways?”
“Yes.”
“Well, ironically, it generally requires a Curly-like strength to toss a rock that big, but that wouldn’t be something Curly would do, except accidentally.” Xiu-Li sighed. “I’m glad you all called. I was just thinking about being up there.”
“How’s the food down there?”
She smiled. “Tolerable, and I eat in the cafeteria for every meal.”
Truhart paused. He knew Xiu-Li was aware he was fishing for a sign of depression or post traumatic stress disorder. “Things otherwise okay in general?”
“I sleep deeply after specific incident debriefings, so I expect I’ll need to keep talking about it. I also expect I’ll sleep better once I can talk to my friends about my feelings – not an area any of the debriefers ask about.”
“Mmm-hm.”
“Any Medic calls? How’s Tania doing?”
Truhart chuckled. “She seems disappointed that nothing has reached Q.R.T. levels.”
“I’ll tell her to hang in there, next time we comm.” There was loud laughter in the background. It made Xiu-Li smile.
“Very good. Let me turn you back over to the Chief.”
“Thanks, Doc. See you soon, I hope.” She looked up at the sky.
A red flash as she looks up – a ruby red point/line – the context so incongruous that Xiu-Li actually reacts, rather than freezing –
Sprawls in the snow – 
wumpff!! -KRackkk! 
The wooden bench back is pierced by a hole, cracked in half –
“Xiu-Li? What was that?” came Aria’s voice.
“Sniper fire from the treeline a half klick or so away, aimed at me on the bench. I’m not kidding you, Aria, somebody just took a shot at me. I saw the laser sight flash.”
Threnody’s voice, steel taut: “Let me repeat you: You saw a laser sight flash and were fired upon by a sniper from the treeline around five hundred meters away, the shot striking the bench you managed to vacate. Is that correct, Ensign Chen?”
“Yes, Lieutenant Commander Threnody.” She looks up at the dark trees. “I believe I can see the laser sight targeting dot moving on the trees behind me.” 
wumpff!! KRAckk-kkk-kkkkk! 
“That shot took out a branch four meters left... there’s a bush there.” Xiu-Li sighs. If they have a spotter, she will be pinned here until shot, or shot if she moved, or if they move – the pure luck of a ground dip has put her below detection once she sprawled out, or they’d have shot her already.
“Bridge, Drury to Ensign Chen.” Threnody has switched her up to the comms officer.
“Ensign Chen.”
“Matisou,” says the captain himself now. “What’s this I here about –”
wumpff!!-KRACKKK! 
A branch falls across her, on an angle that just misses hitting her – beyond a hard thump on her side.
“Ensign Chen, I get the impression the safest place for you in the universe seems to be on the ship.”
“Captain? The base is –”
“Penetrated, by whoever is shooting at one of my officers with a military grade sniper weapon. Can you hold out for twelve minutes? Commander T. wants to give you a face to face inspection.”
“Aye, sir. I’m not looking to give the Q.R.T.s any business.” WUMPFF!!!–THUNKK! The tree she is lying next to shakes and evergreen needles fall in a shower of neo-pine. “Sir, I’m going to move out a bit.” The fallen branch actually provides a degree of cover. She crawls under it, keeping low, following the dip, moving down toward heavier bushes.
It is weird. No one at Space University ever trained under “live fire” (even the Tactical majors who served in the Fleet or became the local colony police), yet Xiu-Li has been under it three or four times so far – learning enough that she could move under it, and get away.
At the same time, Xiu-Li tries to look ahead of her. Flushing her toward another killer was one way to kill her, either as back-up plan if the shot missed, or as a primary plan. 
She crawls between five thick bushy evergreens and lies there while programming her field uniform. Serving on a starship meant needing a set of clothes for every season because planet environments had seasons. During a survey visit a crew might go to every continent, north and south. In Xiu-Li’s case the move to Tactical Division meant access to uniforms with extra features, for use on Tactical missions. Since she didn’t have any other winter clothes, she was wearing her usual Tac field uniform for “thermal ops.”
It means her thermal uniform is not merely warm, like a regular crew’s thermal, but has special electromagnetic shielding and a separate outer shell temperature system which generated either cold or heat (and also masked body heat), so the wearer matched the ambient enviromental temperature. Once activated, the uniform radiated so little heat or cold (depending on the setting) that thermal imaging sensors could not fully detect it against ambient temperature. Radar was also slightly baffled, but these still left sound, motion, and naked-eye detection as easy trip-ups.
In current circumstances, however, she has essentially vanished from the two main types of distance detection systems. Snow muffled sound and made a directional microphone less viable as a targeting system. That left only motion detectors, which were more of a problem on a Tac infiltration into a prepared position; they were not nailed up in the trees out here, after all, just in case she was talking a walk. And falling snow would be a constant problem.
There are two sharp cracks behind her. 
From this distance it sounds like a conventional kinetic weapon – a rifle, single action.
“You still with us, Jool?” It is Mary Kiernan, another Tactical ensign, on the Tac Quick Response Team. There is a burst of static under her words.
“Still here, Mary. Sorry to get you out on a cold night.” She can imagine them in the shuttleRunner, streaking toward her.
“Just don’t put me to work, okay?” She sounds shaky. She was trained as a Tac Q.R.T. field medic, but isn’t very experienced yet.
“Okay.” Xiu-Li crawls out from under the bushes and pads quickly down a gully and into another, thicker forest of evergreens. There is a broad field on the other side. “I’ll try to keep it to watching me sit.”
The explosion of snow startles her off her feet and pitches her down the far side of a low ditch.
KRAKKK! The sound of the shot reaches her at last. Close, able, and willing to move fast to follow me.
Xiu-Li lies there, trying to catch her breath. They will have to run up to the edge to get her, and that will take time –
The sky explodes – lights, engine noise. The Runner tears over the woods and Xiu-Li slithers forward like a snowsnake as the wind of its pass makes the snow fall from packed branches, filling the air with white flakes, a natural, obscuring smokescreen.
Xiu-Li bolts for the field and runs as fast as she can, arriving just as the hatch opens. Hands grab her, the hatch shuts, and they are off. Commander Jason Takaguchi peered at her. “You okay?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m taking you back to the ship, then I’m going back down to get your things, take a look around.”
She was about to protest, realized that a personal reconaissance was the real reason he was going, and just said, “Thanks, sir.” She studied him. “Think this was the O.P.P.?”
Takaguchi looked up at Javier Nunez, piloting, and Mary Kiernan, the comm/co-pilot. They were at the front end of the Runner, talking to WHEELER, busy on their approach – it was just a twelve minute flight, after all.
He looked back, leaned over, said softly, “The O.P.P. would’ve been blamed had it succeeded, presumably as an act of general chaos.” His voice went even lower. “But consider a truly cynical view of things. Ask yourself if the handling of the alien artifacts over the past nine years suggests an approach of open inquiry, or an attempt to limit or even suppress any sort of knowledge about them or the planet they came from.”
Xiu-Li stared at him, mouth open. “Sir, you’re not suggesting this was an...” She couldn’t bring herself to say InterWorld Group operation.
Takaguchi shrugged. “There appears to be a dynamic to keep all information about artifacts and alien civilizations under control. It takes support from many powerful, influential people to maintain that.”
“Umm.” Xiu-Li was stunned. “Uhh...”
“They’d have only the highest motives, they’d say. Not wanting to go overboard for two bits of metal, not wanting to cause a panic, even waiting to go back and take a better look around before deciding what to say. You know how the pressure’s gone up about new colonies.”
“Yes, that’s also O.P.P.’s complaint. Maybe they wanted to send a message to the...” She trailed off.
He sighed. “Shooting at buildings or taking people out at their entrance is sending a message. Taking a shot at you all alone on a bench might be a ‘random statement,’ but it also might be somebody shooting right at you.”
“Is Chief Threnody at risk too, then?”
He shrugged. “She has not received the attention your actions in Clarissa’s report did, nor did she have the Qet exposure that you did.”
“She killed one with her bare hands!”
“A very brief encounter, compared to yours.”
“What about the whole ship?” Xiu-Li felt herself shivering.
Takaguchi reached over and squeezed her shoulder. “We’re all effectively being sequestered, kept out here on guard duty against the O.P.P. and also to minimize our contact with the main systems. By the time the O.P.P. crisis is over, even our story will be stale, and people will find it hard to believe it happened... And I don’t think anyone could go as far as destroying a whole ship, which would attract attention to us.”
“I just can’t...” She looked down at her hands.
“It would be nothing personal, just a way to limit information and remove the two of you, slow down reminders of the encounter.”
She looked him in the eye. “Sir, I never inquired before. I know Tactical Division provides police forces. Are there official ratings slots for snipers and other more soldierly forces?”
“Yes and no. We aren’t soldiers; if real troops are needed, Army units are transported. There have always been special Tac units in the Fleet, in the event senior personnel need bodyguards or rescue, until Army or Fleet Intell units can arrive. They have special skills.” The docking alert chimed. “You raise a good point – there are other special units besides the Fleet’s.” He gave her sad grin. “You no doubt visited that bench on every walk you took.”
She nodded – so maybe there had been motion detectors this night. “Does this mean I can never leave the ship again?”
Takaguchi shook his head. “No, because our response to this bit of institutional hardball will be to raise just enough fuss to keep you out here, safe with us, and make it clear that any further attempts on your life will cause the very publicity which your death is supposed to prevent. Anyway, any attempts to explain this away as an ‘accidental’ discharge could not work a second time.” He grinned again. “Besides the O.P.P., that is just about the only possible explanation for it. Meanwhile, you’ve a choice of reprimands to explain why your supervising officer – that’s me – had to yank you up to house arrest. Insubordination is a good one; it shows some raw passion that further service can channel, mold, and mellow.”
Xiu-Li scowled. “I get shot at, and I get a reprimand? Is that the best we can do? Sir?”
“Just in case. It’s just in case. I may need to play dumb, and a commander who is pissed about crew insubordination might get away with pulling you out without telling anybody we were doing it. Especially if it turns out that the whole base is...” He trailed off, unsure how to put it.
She looked down. “I understand, sir. Sorry, sir.”
“It’s not your fault, Xiu-Li; all you did was come in to work today. And I’m sorry we have to resort to rigging up a reprimand as your cover story.” 
There was a thump. The access tube was in place. “Good luck, sir,” said Xiu-Li as the hatch opened.
“I presume everything you brought with you is either on you now, or in your room?”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.”
“Don’t worry about it. See you later. Do a call check with the Captain, and then the Stooge Working Group is holding the last showing for you.”
Xiu-Li blinked back tears. “Aye, sir. Thank you,” she said, and darted out through the hatch, through the tube, and into the working bay. The inner hatch slid shut behind her.
Xiu-Li stood there breathing deeply, leaning against the cool metal hatch. Thirty minutes ago she had been sitting on a bench, wishing she was here; twenty five minutes ago she’d been under fire and snow crawling for her life; fifteen minutes ago she’d jumped on board the Runner, evacuating the area. Oh, the time pressures of this Modern Life.
She pressed the wall comm. “Ensign Chen, system comm check in to Captain Matisou.” The system would log her in as on board and would notify Matisou, who could respond as he saw fit.
“Matisou. You okay, Xiu-Li?”
“Physically fit, sir. Much on my mind.”
“Understood. Not your usual... Ahh... Hm... Well.” Her last two ops had also become firefights.
“My thoughts exactly, sir. But at least I’ve learned enough to get clear without getting shot; the close ones were only when I stopped to comm.”
“Mmmm... Any feedback regarding your last briefing?”
Xiu-Li eyed the comm panel – surely a detailed review was not appropriate on an unsecured wall comm. “I found it interesting, and we both agreed to hope that a reprimand could be avoided, although I do understand why it might be required for the situation.”
Matisou chuckled dryly. “Very well put. I agree with you. You’ve been an excellent member of the Service since you entered the University, and you’ve been a good officer. I hope we can avoid any reprimand as well; I wish it was under our control, and I personally appreciate your understanding, and your willingness to assist.”
“Well, sir, as it’s to save my life... I just think that type of reprimand would be one I should earn for myself, from an action of principle, like the refusal to obey an illegal order – I can’t imagine just losing my temper at an officer to their face.” 
Matisou chuckled again. “You have met just a tenth of a tenth of all the officers you will have contact with through the course of your career. I have a reprimand for insubordination, and I will tell you in the Captain’s confidence that your last briefer, Commander T, got two early on, so…”
Xiu-Li blushed. “Yes, sir.”
“All right – you will attend Divisions tomorrow, and we’ll figure out what we’re all doing. I’m sure Commander Takaguchi will have an interesting report.”
“Aye, sir!”
“Now, I want you to go see your friends, and try to relax. That is an order! Matisou out.”
She walked quickly to her quarters to change out of her thermals. As she slid on a gym set (light zip jacket, sweatpants, shoes) it struck her that the Captain’s solution was almost Stooge – he sponsored a card game, three hours long, every other week. It was strictly for drink and dessert credits in the commissary, was in the log as “Social Night With The Captain,” and was against regulations, if one wanted to look hard enough. 
Xiu-Li had done so; instead of “no gambling” there was a long, multi-paragraph ordeal which might specify what couldn’t be done “for financial gain” – well, it wasn’t for “financial gain,” was it? But it was a chance to socialize, and anywhere from ten to twenty people were there (she’d gone once; she’d gotten up to a full cherry pie and two mochas then lost steadily – but in the end, coming out one cupcake ahead on the session).
She headed for the lounge where the SWG (Stooges Working Group) met every Friday night for End Of The Week Nyuks – about an hour of classic Three Stooges shorts. Anyone could stop in, regardless of rank, on any Friday; Threnody, Truhart, and Xiu-Li were longtime regulars, with Lobo, Stuart Marsh, Jashia Luna, and Eileen Foibles all recent repeaters. Takaguchi stopped by every five or six weeks; he said he had learned a lot of things about timing and tactics from studying the Stooges (and he had assembled the collection available in the library on WHEELER). The Captain never attended, respecting the crew’s activities as off limits, but she suspected even he was a fan.
The Stooge Working Group was usually no more than ten. As she entered the lounge, she could see Aria Threnody, Doctor Truhart, and Wolfredo Lobo – who gave her one quick look, long enough that she felt herself checking in with him (neat!) – and Stu Marsh, Eileen Foibles, and Jashia Luna (the “Brain Trust”). To her internal surprise (and some pleasure), a very worried Tania Manda and an uncomfortable looking Orlando Timbers were still there as well.
She nodded at Tania, smiling. Tania jumped up and ran over to her, giving her a hug. “Space, Xiu-Li!”
“I’m okay.” 
Everyone now gathered round and their, “Welcome back,” “Glad you’re back,” and so on made her tear up, but not actually cry. She was touched that Tania had come by – she was not an SW Group attendee, but news had spread. Xiu-Li had saved Tania’s life during WHEELER’s brush with the Organization of Planetary Projects on Cape Of Velvet in January (just “O.P.P.” at the time: no one had known then what that meant). There had been some awkwardness over the fickle Orlando, but this was life and death, and that was gone now (she and Orlando nodded and smiled; Xiu-Li was glad to see him, even if Orlando was uncomfortable to see her). Tania quickly excused them both and left.
Xiu-Li caught Threnody looking at her (she had been studying the interaction of all three of them) and they exchanged a glance. They had become quite friendly since surviving the Qet Encounter six weeks earlier, and it had helped Xiu-Li a lot, especially after returning alive to discover that Tania and Orlando were “on” again.
It was the sort of mess you needed friends for, to talk with.
Well, she had them! 
Xiu-Li got some hot chocolate and a plate of oatmeal spiceraisin cookies and sat down to watch the Three Stooges with them.

IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER
24 June 2173 - Friday
A wood board two meters long by a third wide lay on the tabletop when they entered the Briefing room for the 0800 Divisions Meeting the next day. It had a hole piercing one end, and had been cracked but not fully split in half by whatever had pierced it. 
It was the back of the bench Xiu-Li had been sitting on.
She heard a gasp and saw Tania’s dark eyes on her. The look on the young comm officer’s face was amazement, as if she had never seen Xiu-Li before. Helmsman Enronn Debitts gave a low whistle and a look of respect to her; Phil Knight, a senior Tactical ensign, paled. She saw a rather somber Lieutenant Lucas Kimonetti looking at the board and shaking his head once, then looking at her and nodding; it took her a moment to recall that the ship’s Chef and quartermaster was also a senior lieutenant in the Tactical Division. She had been to just a handful of Divisions, mostly on technical operations, and Kimonetti had not been at any of those, but this meeting would have many security concerns.
The four senior officers made their appearance last, Matisou with his giant tumbler of coffee. “Good morning, everybody.”
“GOOD MORNING, SIR.”
0800 Divisions Meeting was where each major division gave a report regarding significant and routine events of the previous 24 hours and an indication of events planned for the next 24 hours. The reporting order was roughly alphabetical: Engineering (mainly drives, ship and lifesystems), Medical (sick list), Quarter Master’s report (stores), Science (hazardous conditions, schedule of missions or observation updates), and Tactical (brig list, other concerns). Each division also gave its “called sick” report, checked against the official sick list. 
The idea was to give the captain an idea of the actual numbers of crew on watch and available for immediate response, as well as give each division some idea of what the others were doing. A fiber optic cable run by a Tactical Engineer (Ensign Chen, for example), meant periods of panel stations and other hardware and software system shutdowns on every deck and affected every division at some point or another, so a heads up at Divisions could be passed along and everyone could plan all of their work-arounds for the downtimes.
Xiu-Li drifted during the early reports. She not slept well, and the board had shocked her a little. She calculated the shot would have hit her through, or just under, her heart: fatal for sure.
Takaguchi caught her eye and gave her a slight nod. Well done. She nodded back. She noticed Aria Threnody kept looking at the board and then the tabletop. She’s upset, and angry. Tania kept all her concentration on her DPaT, logging the meeting record. She’s scared. Knight was almost asleep; Kimonetti was typically unreadable. Matisou and Takaguchi were both hard to assess. Truhart looked perturbed, but that was his normal professional (and personal) facial expression. I’m okay, and something is up.
Takaguchi stood up and a graphic flashed on the wallscreen. “In the world of latest weapons, I report on the Heart LongStrike, a sniper weapon using new ultra-high power REA coil technology to power its electromagnetic system, and featuring special ammo that provides a plasma charge capability.”
Xiu-Li sat up; interesting weapon, and the start of a cover story.
Takaguchi pointed at the graphic of a sharp looking rifle. “Friction from the air ignites the outer jacket which burns an REA alloy core hot enough to turn it all into a plasma burst, directed for a certain distance further. This weapon is limited by distance and circumstance but it does essentially deliver a plasma charge from an e-mag weapon, which can still fire conventional e-mag ammo and neuro E.M. pulses as well.” He looked at them. “Comments?”
Matisou was looking at her expectantly. 
“Sir?” asked Xiu-Li.
Takaguchi nodded. 
“Any less ‘special tactic’ designs expected? One we might see around here? The plasma potential sounds fascinating.” Xiu-Li was serious (this would be a candidate to replace the magrifle), and Matisou looked pleased.
Takaguchi nodded. “It does, Ensign Chen. It is also being worked on as a repeating weapon, more along the lines of a current standard magrifle, but that is still on the design deck.” He grinned. “We won’t see that for some time, however.”
Matisou cleared his throat. “Heart’s a big hunting preserve, or so it seems. This would have private applications as a big game rifle.” He looked at Takaguchi. “They testing that baby here, Tak?”
Takaguchi nodded. “There’s also a testing unit here, since Heart’s rather quiet and the special applications are needed, evidently more so than usual.” He sighed. “It is no secret that the Organization of Planetary Projects evidently has decided to act like anarchists, and the Fleet will be joining more military operations missions than we might have thought.” He looked at each of them. “O.P.P. has caused a lot of damage and loss of life. They are a very real and true and proven threat, and there is no way to ignore the threats they issue.” Takaguchi took a deep breath. “At the moment, the primary threat to peace is defined as the O.P.P. And weapons like the LongStrike will assist the InterWorld Group in anti-O.P.P. missions of sensitivity.”
Matisou looked at them all. “We here on WHEELER will just have to keep our own eyes open when we go back to see what happened at 19373... And finish the survey so rudely interrupted. As to this weapon, I was informed this morning by a lieutenant commander named Emory Weedles that an alcohol related live-fire incident may or may not have happened last night. The drunk in question was shooting at trash units, signs and benches. He wonders if anyone can assist him with a report, and was prepared to be cooperative.” Matisou frowned. “As to the spec report on that rifle... Hmm, sounds too good to be true. Be fun to try one of those out sometime.”
“Ah. I acquired one, thinking about the big game aspect.” Takaguchi kept his face impassive. “We’re going to spend time in the wilderness. It can be very helpful against angry, unreasonable critters. The Tac Q.R.T. team leaders will be clear-checked on it as well, sir.” He caught Xiu-Li’s eye. Xiu-Li also felt Threnody looking at her, but the Niv kept on dodging her eye in return.
She looked at Matisou. “Am I back on duty, sir?”
Matisou looked at Truhart, “I’d say Ensign Chen looks to be fully restored from the incipient hypothermia I was too overly concerned about.”
Truhart nodded. “Agreed. But you can’t be too careful, Captain.” He gave her a kindly smile. “Be certain to pop by should you find you are thinking too much about all this.”
“Aye, sir.”
Truhart looked over at Matisou, then Takaguchi. “Ensign Chen is available for watch and all duties of service.”
Matisou looked around the briefing table. “Considering the status of this new technology, for the moment this event and the weapon are all classified. Once added into the ship’s inventory by Commander Takaguchi, the weapon is in the open, but we’ll still try and preserve privacy.” He looked at Xiu-Li, and she nodded. Whatever was going on here, it was in need of very quiet investigation. They played it so low key that it wasn’t until she was starting the daily weapons log-in that Takaguchi mentioned it.
They were alone in the arsenal room. Takaguchi was reviewing technical data on the new rifle while Xiu-Li checked that every magrifle, magpistol, ammunitions clip and other physical weapon was physically where it was supposed to be (even the officer’s magpistols on the shuttleRunners, during the day watch shipwalk, later). 
Takaguchi looked over. “They didn’t know you were missing yet.”
She straightened.
“We could see the clearing and the bench as we came in, so we went there first and did a SciDPaT forensics run, documenting and collecting evidence out there, making enough show that nobody could risk shooting us.”
Xiu-Li nodded.
“Lieutenant Frumor was pleasant and unhelpful, while it seemed Lieutenant Commander Ypsin was quite unpleasant but unknowingly quite helpful, and had no idea what had happened – in fact, I believe they think they hit you, and you crawled away to die.”
Her mouth dropped open. “You’ve got to be joking, sir!”
Takaguchi shook his head. “He said I could go out and look for you, or wait for you to get back from your walk. He was either extremely good at lying, confident in the assignment, or supremely clueless. Or all three. Since he was not overly concerned with your having been out for a walk for almost an hour, I had the feeling he thought he knew where you were, and no longer cared as much as when we spoke the other day, when he said he ‘was keeping close tabs’ on you.” He sighed. “Obviously the ship log will show you came back to us, so this isn’t exactly a secret or subterfuge, but the Captain sees no reason to tell anybody anything down there – he prefers to wait until some third party reviewer pulls it all together at some hypothetical future inquiry.”
“Sir, I’ve done some weapons firing; I’ve heard different rounds go off. I’ve been thinking, and I recall a distinct essential kinetic report. That would not be the case with the new Longstrike. The traditional long range rifle would actually be most appropriate for this type of field mission, especially in the current political circumstances.” A drunk hunter might carry a rifle, but who gets access to a super high power miliplex-produced weapon? 
Takaguchi wasn’t answering. 
“So they’re buying us off.” Xiu-Li shrugged. “Okay. It’s a nice piece of ordnance to carry, and I’m back here alive to train on it.” She looked at him. “Do you believe it was accidental?”
He said nothing, but his face spoke for him: No, it was not an accident.
“So this was literally kill the messanger?”
A silent, somber nod.
“To make the message go away?”
Takaguchi shrugged. “Think of some of the crew, ensigns, and lieutenants you have met since entering Earth Space University, and imagine the potential range of reactions they would have to information about hostile aliens. How they would try to manage it.” He sighed. “Supposedly, we need time to set up and prepare them better. And they don’t know you yet. They don’t know your level of devotion to service and duty – a full debrief for the record, and a simple order to keep quiet but be available for follow-ups would have probably done it.” He shook his head. “Had this stunt succeeded, the entire matter would have been altered, clouding details further and preventing restatement.”
“And Lieutenant Commander Threnody?’
He looked down, then back up to her. “Eventually. She’s neither a routine field ops officer nor a Tactical officer, so opportunities are more limited, but accidents can happen anywhere, and violent robberies do occur in certain settings or systems.”
Xiu-Li took a deep, shaky breath. “Those fekkin’ –”
After she was finally finished, Takaguchi looked impressed. “That was quite amazing. I haven’t heard some of those words since junior school.” He grinned. “Feel better?”
“No sir, not about them.” Xiu-Li smiled. “Otherwise, yes, a bit.”
“Keep in mind, that plan’s now out the window. No one will be stupid or desperate enough to try it again, and it would be too coincidental to happen a second time.” He grinned. “No... They’ll keep us out on the line, and they will hope a mission somewhere attrits you out of their life.”
Her mouth dropped open again.
Takaguchi chuckled. “You didn’t think about that point? Our first mission against the O.P.P. on Velvet almost cost us about sixteen people, and the Captain would have been one of them. Back then, it didn’t mean much, but now we know who they were – I guess they’re potentially inept, as they failed that time, but really...”
Xiu-Li slammed the ammo drawer shut. “SIR! All locked down and full stocked, SIR!”
He sighed. “Acknowledged. Problem?”
“If that’s what they’re waiting for, what was their fekkin’ hurry, sir? Because I sort of want to see how it happens myself, in my own time, especially after I lived through that fekkin’ Qet cookout!” Her fists balled, she stood there with tears of rage in her eyes. She blinked. “I’m sorry, sir. My anger... Burns, but I expect it will cool.” She took a deep breath and relaxed. Then she looked down. “I can’t believe I just... Just called it that.”
“I notice the Universe has not responded; I don’t think that was too bad as a coping rant.” Takaguchi squeezed her shoulder. “Service vets have hard phrases and bad jokes about their past survived disasters.” He grinned. “We can’t run around making Toasts all day long, so we on occasion make a reference of a less than reverential nature.” He looked at the arsenal screen. “Not all the time, not in mixed company where it might really be badly misconstrued... But among colleagues and very close friends, however, it makes a point they understand.”
She looked up. “That was pretty awful, though.”
He looked at her, brow arched. “Really? I think the crew uses it as a rally phrase.”
Xiu-Li blushed. “Everybody’s been great.”
Takaguchi nodded. “You’re family. Nobody messes with family, and you’ve made sure the universe knows that a few times already yourself, thank Space.” He chuckled. “I think the Captain observed you’ve saved about half the bridge crew so far.” He gave her a cool glance of approval. “The percentage is a bit high, but the spirit’s on point.” He looked at the screen again. “I think we’ll store the new gear and ammo units together in lockdrawer 373. Please open it up, ensign?”
“Aye, sir!”	

XIU-LI
Later, Xiu-Li couldn’t fall asleep.
She could hear Aria’s even breathing across the way – they had taken to sleeping together in the same quarters on the two or three days a week their schedules of watch and other duties permitted. Every now and then they even slept in the same bed, and in one or two instances even a bit closer than that.
Tonight Aria was in the chairbed foldflat, and Xiu-Li almost wished she wasn’t, so she could get up and go work at her comp – stop it!
Xiu-Li took a slow, deep breath. Rush, rush, but getting little done. It was a sign of stress reaction. Spending more time getting less done. Another sign. Worry, worry... Afraid to fall asleep.
Was that a sniffle?
“Aria?” At whisper level.
Dead silence – no breathing.
“Can I help? I know you’ve been upset.” 
Dead silence.
“Aria, that chair is too small for even me to crawl into, rationally. Please, will you come over here?” 
Silence; a breath taken. 
Xiu-Li began to shiver. “Aria, I-I’m, I’m sort of a-afraid to f-fall asleep,” she said softly. Xiu-Li heard the chair creak and then warm arms enveloped her from behind as Aria crawled onto her bed. 
Aria had wet cheeks, was trying not to sob; when she hugged Xiu-Li, she both relaxed and started crying softly again. Xiu-Li rolled over slowly and hugged Aria, losing herself. Home!
The Niv woman took a deep breath and sighed. “I, I mean, umm...”
“I must have scared you, everything that happened to me.”
“You... Are becoming Niv in your mastery of understatement.”
Xiu-Li smiled. “Thanks.” The smile died out. “I didn’t sleep well last night. I had some problems after I saw the bench back at Divisions this morning. I wasn’t scared when it was happening, but today...” She swallowed. “I mean, everybody was great today – I guess word filtered out before Captain Matisou classified it... But, umm, it’s...” She sighed and shivered. “I just... Sometimes I still miss them all so much.”
Aria felt the shiver and rubbed Xiu-Li’s arms and back through the sleeptee. “I also miss them all – and most of this day I was both alternately furious, and retroactively terrified,” she said quietly. “It was –” Aria sighed. “That someone would choose that option... And it might have worked.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “I am not yet prepared to curtail your image meditation lessons, especially as I have grown more appreciative of your ‘beach’ image.”
“Thanks.” They slept a lot closer that night, yet Xiu-Li still couldn’t relax as her restless mind kept asking the same thing: So who could make a nanotranslator which knew Standard?
Besides the Qet, who else was out there?
Chapter 08 - Sitting Priti 
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER 
Planet ESPC 12, HD-19373 System (Iota Persei)
9 August 2173 - Tuesday

Xiu-Li regained awareness and then opened her eyes. Space, that had been something – but she was going to be in so much trouble…

DAY ONE
DISTRESS CALL: NSS KOLTAAR
8 August 2173 - Monday

Takaguchi studied his sensors. “Captain!” he called out.
At the same instant, a chime pulsed out of Tania Manda’s comm board. “Niv rescue alert beacon!”
Captain “Bert” Matisou stood up, stretched surreptitiously, and walked to the Tactical station. His first officer, Commander Jason Takaguchi, was ready with his usual full report: “Captain, I detect weapons fire into a Niv ELECTRON Class science ship from an unidentified ship...” he looked down. “Which has now docked. Weapons fire inside now.” He looked up. “The rescue beacon is in an area just outside the system, bearing in through the ecliptic at almost ninety degrees.”
Matisou took a deep breath. “Sounds like we’re here just as they skid through the system.” 
“No weapons are pointed in our direction,” reported the Tac officer. He crossed his arms and scowled. “They’re just heading right for us!”
Matisou frowned. “No. We’ll pass with plenty of distance. No – I would say these are raiders.” Comm beep from engineering. He hit the panel. “Bridge, Matisou.”
“All drives ready sir,” reported Chief Engineer Aria Threnody.
“Captain,” called Takaguchi. “I have identified the ship as Niv science ship NSS KOLTAAR.”
“Umm... Sir?” Threnody sounded surprised.
“Something?” he asked quietly. Matisou had learned that things surprising Threnody were often very serious, and he was always aware that people on the bridge were the eyes – and, most critically, ears – for the rest of the crew. He could hear the strain in her voice, even over the comm link. Uh-oh, this is a tough one.
“It’s the ship of Tybok and Selena Fareyes.”
“On screen, sir,” called out Debitts from the helm. 
The Niv ship had been grappled by the other ship (using long extendable booms ending in magnetic pads studded with piercing points to secure a hull), and the two of them were now heading straight through the plane of HD-19373’s ecliptic. The Niv ship’s engine section was scorched and possibly even holed.
“Vidlink to Threnody. You getting this, Chief?”
Threnody’s face appeared in a corner of the viewscreen. “Yes, sir.” She was placid, calm and composed. 
Matisou knew that meant she was in such turmoil she had dropped her “Sol human behavior set” and he was now watching a pure Niv at work – the one who had the sharpshooter’s eye and, if aroused, the spirit to dominate in battle. “Aria, I presume these are two of the greatest, most revered, intellects, and so on?” he said grimly. 
“Ahh... Not quite. But they’re very well known, sir.”
He took a deep breath and nodded. “Please stay on link, Chief.” At least I’ve got my ‘A’ crew on here! “Action Stations.” 
Ensign Xiu-Li Chen was stretching out when the alarm sounded for Action Stations. She jumped up and ran to the ready area near the shuttleRunner bay; she was on Tactical Response Team B, and was responsible for shuttleRunners and any internal problems in the aft areas of the ship. And if a shuttleRunner team needed a Tactical team member, she would go (another planet trip?) “Action Stations” meant get ready. She was ready. Now she waited... 
On the bridge, Matisou cracked his knuckles. “Mister Debitts, move for urgent intercept. Mister Takaguchi: a shot across their nose when you are ready.”
“Aye, sir!” Enronn had already prepped a course; he tapped enter, and IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER responded smoothly.
“Aye, sir! Firing!” Takaguchi hit the button.
WHEELER fired. The plasma pulse slid just ahead of the ships.
“The raider is powering engines,” called out Takaguchi.
“Weapons?”
“No, sir... Captain! Number of lifesigns on KOLTAAR are dropping!”
“Fire another shot across their bow!” said Matisou, slamming a fist into his palm. “They’re killing them!”
The ship disconnected after the second shot – it just fell free, sending two bodies tumbling loose into space from the lock in their hurry to depart the Niv ship. Maneuvering jets spurted the raider further away. Matisou looked at Takaguchi. “Anyone left?” His voice was taut with rage.
Takaguchi looked up and said, “Yes, sir.”
Matisou’s eyes glittered with anger as he looked at the raider, just getting its MirMat drive going, then he scowled and looked at the Niv ship. “We’ll need to check for any survivors.” He sounded sad.
Takaguchi twitched. “Sir, we should be careful about proximity to a damaged engine section.”
Matisou sighed and nodded. “Raiders left on board as well – who’s Tactical Q.R.T. on the shuttleRunner team today?”
Takaguchi checked. “Ensign Chen.”
Matisou nodded in satisfaction. “Chief Engineer Threnody, the doctor, and Ensign Chen.” He saw Aria nod. “Lieutenant Commander Threnody: first, don’t take chances, especially if there are raiders still on board, and then make sure it hasn’t been rigged to blow up.” 
She gave him one of those cool little glances, just to remind him who was Niv here, said, “Aye, sir!” and signed off.
Takaguchi walked over. “Captain,” he asked softly. “Is this a rescue mission or an armed response mission?” 
Matisou looked at him sharply, frowned. “Hmm, good point. It’s a little of both, Jason... Once again.” He looked at the image of the damaged Niv ship. “Issue arms accordingly. R.O.E. One.” That Rules level permitted lethal force.
Takaguchi looked grave. “Are you sure I shouldn’t go join –?”
Matisou shook his head. “I feel the same way, Jason – but if that ship comes back, alone or with friends, you and I will need to keep both of ours safe until we get them back.” He sighed. “No. We stay here.”
Takaguchi straightened to full attention. “Permission to arm and personally brief Ensign Chen on R.O.E. One, sir.”
Matisou nodded. “Very good, Commander. Proceed.”
“Aye, sir.” 
Xiu-Li looked up to see her boss standing there looking terribly concerned. For a moment she was afraid he was going instead, but he wasn’t getting into a vac-suit. He had a magrifle in his hands. She zipped up her vac boot and snapped to her feet. “Sir!”
Commander Takaguchi – her boss – saluted back. “It’s another R.O.E. One. You already drew your magpistol; you still need this.” He handed her the magrifle. “It could be hair-trigger over there. So long as you don’t shoot any Niv, I’ll back up any use of force used.” Takaguchi turned and saw Threnody and Dr. Truhart had entered. “Well, good luck.” He gave her a salute (smartly returned, “Aye, sir!” of course) and dashed back to the bridge.
The plan was for Threnody and Chen to check out the ship while Truhart stayed inside of the shuttleRunner. They would move any survivors to Truhart – while risking only themselves (and preventing any stealing of their ship). Everyone wore vac-suits in case there was a blow-out, but wouldn’t close the helmets up unless that happened. 
Xiu-Li was happy. Aria not only let her observe as she flew the Runner, she gave instructions – it was Xiu-Li’s hope to get checked out on piloting, which would add another career skill (and one of the pathways to a captain’s chair, maybe, someday...)
Aria was calmed by teaching Xiu-Li; she again felt intense satisfation that she had met a Sol human who understood so much! How like Matisou she was – yet Captain Matisou was still so much more... And Aria had “learned” Xiu-Li from very different perspectives than she had “learned” Matisou. Xiu-Li was like a Niv as far as being deeply studied in eight to ten areas, with full and complete knowledge within them, but Matisou had mastered – fifteen? Twenty? More? – And he still kept moving on, and seemed to always want to learn more. 
It was a trait all three of them shared; perhaps considering Xiu-Li as a younger, female, future Matisou was more appropriate. Interesting! Being female – that should not make the difference it did, but there was sexism despite chronic attempts to prevent it – while past wars had finally resolved racism to an unexpected degree (reinforced by the exobiologic effects of the colonies), there was still sexism and economic discrimination on Earth – even now. At least they are aware of it and keep trying to do better. Except perhaps where Niv are concerned…
As Aria watched Xiu-Li duplicating flight movements, she took a moment to reflect on what sort of officer an older, more experienced Xiu-Li would become. She’d make the crew learn how to meditate! She might appreciate that image later... 
The airlock was intact, although open to space. The raider had simply disconnected and floated free, undocking with two of their people still in the lock – last seen tumbling suitless out to their deaths in the frozen void.
They docked on their first pass, Threnody at the controls. IWG hardware/software recognition chips quickly got the airlock rebooted and repressurized with Aria and Xiu-Li in it. Air still registered on the other side of the inner lock door. They opened it. 
The stink of burnt meat and manure filled the lock. Aria gulped, stumbled back into the lock, turned white as the blood rushed from her face, then closed her helmet. Xiu-Li heard the air hissing in, and got a look at Aria’s face and shuddered: the Niv woman was scowling, and looked furious.
“We are on R.O.E. One, Ensign,” said Aria, her voice now coming from an external suit speaker. “Watch out for raiders. And ensign –” Aria stopped at her side, and Xiu-Li looked at her. Aria looked cold and angry, but still had her quirk of mischief. “Please be quite certain you do not shoot any Niv.”
Xiu-Li’s heart pounded. “Aye, M’am!”
They slipped into the ship. The lights were flickering slowly. The ship was alive with many creaks and groans from shifting air pressures and frame damage.
Aria tapped into a panel. “There are control failures. The other two locks are open, and I cannot shut them.” The wreck would soon lose all air; even hand-sealed compartments would eventually just run out. In the meanwhile a large blow-out of any compartment could decompress the main wreck in minutes – or seconds. 
“M’am, do you know the number of crew?”
“Seven adults; four teenaged and two younger Niv, per a StarPress report in the database from six weeks ago.” Aria looked down the corridor. “This way.” As they moved on, she continued: “On our approach, the number of lifesigns dropped; if it was not raiders, it was the crew.”
They reached the central deck access staircube. Aria looked down it, then up, then at Xiu-Li. “I will check the engine area for any devices. You will have to move up to the next deck and check the main section until I can join you. Signal and wait fifteen seconds before you start to clear the deck, and signal again before you enter the forward cabin; if conditions permit me, I will answer.”
“Aye, m’am.” 
Aria started to descend, then stopped. “Ensign Chen – don’t take chances. That is an order from the Captain himself.”
“Aye, m’am.” Xiu-Li started to climb up the ladder.
Xiu-Li peeked over the edge of the main deck. The corridor ahead was silent. She beeped Threnody.
After a moment, WHEELER’s chief engineer responded. “Xiu-Li, there is nothing unusual in all of the sections I could reach, but the primary compartment is open to space, so I will have to find a way out there.”
“Yes, m’am. I’m starting to clear the compartments.”
“Proceed with care, Ensign.”
“Aye, m’am.” As Xiu-Li crept forward she passed door after door, stopping to roll in with her weapons ready and “clearing” each compartment. All the doors were wide open, all ransacked: labs, stores and closets, offices... Cabins. In one cabin was a dead raider, lying face down in a huge pool of blood. Well, someone fought back, Xiu-Li noted. Had they survived beyond escaping this cabin?
The two lifesign readings were centered in the command cabin, which made sense. Xiu-Li now checked her weapons and their settings very carefully – she was getting a reputation and wanted to be certain how much force she was using, so later she could answer anyone (like her Captain) simply. She hated to kill, and had always known that simple reasons for doing it were always best (like there was no other choice). If she had to, she would; but she had decided that professionalism meant always have eight options short of killing, and never fearing option nine. The magrifle she set on “stun” – it carried a heavier stun charge than a magpistol. Her magpistol was “live” and would kill – anything not dropping under a magrifle’s stun pulse was likely to be dangerous. 
The hatch to the command section was closed. She clicked her comm, and Aria answered. Xiu-Li swallowed. “I’m at the front hatch, Chief; it’s closed.”
“Acknowledged. The engine spaces are clear so far. I estimate fifteen minutes to finish.”
“Aye, M’am.” Well at least we won’t blow up while I’m clearing the last compartments – not the sort of skill that IWG usually taught, but one Commander Takaguchi had added, using their January rescue of Orlando Timbers and the others on Cape Of Velvet as case study material. 
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. When she had started on the Response Team as a medic – the part of her application package that had earned her a “Crew” assignment to JOHN A. WHEELER – she had demonstrated fearlessness she knew was driven by fear she would fail others. When her skills as a martial artist saved others, she had started a career path in Tactical. She had just “cleared” all the rooms she knew were empty, and in ten seconds she would storm and clear a “hot” room – all alone. Easy as a board break! 
As she opened the hatch, she kept thinking how lucky it was they wouldn’t blow up while she did this. A stench of burnt meat, blood and fekk rolled out of the compartment. Too late...
She rolled in silently. The compartment was lit, and silent.
There was a pile of bodies heaped in one corner. On the other side of the compartment lay a bent metal slat screen.
The bodies were all Niv humans, six adults and three teens. One was a beautiful woman whose face was twisted with a sort of rage Xiu-Li had never imagined a Niv could show – and she was covered with wounds. She put up the fight! She was the one who did whatever damage to them she could until they got her, and they had left her raped and stabbed. The other adults had been summarily close-range blasted. The teens, two girls and a boy, probably had also been raped before they were slaughtered as they lay there. Red blood was everywhere.
Xiu-Li heard a thump. Next compartment. 
She opened the door silently. One body just inside – a raider, his head twisted backward, looking startled –
Two figures: a large, burly male lying on top of a smaller figure.
He turns and sees Xiu-Li standing there. His eyes seem to sparkle fire. 
He raises a blade in his right hand, point down –
– another blade flashes up, away from the figure’s throat, through the air – 
Xiu-Li grunts – Ouch! 
His now empty hand drops around the throat he’s going to stab –
Xiu-Li fires the magrifle, which slips loose (she is unable to grip it with a knife sticking fully through her left forearm – hey! That’s a nice blade!) – The stun blast disperses (he’s got some sort of shield on!) – his other blade starts to drop down – to kill his victim!
No options left. Xiu-Li fires her magpistol. The blast pierces his torso and carries him across the cabin until he smashes into the back of the command chair and flops lifeless onto the deck.
Xiu-Li holstered her magpistol. She bent down, picked up the magrifle strap and slung it over her shoulder. 
The victim had rolled into a crouch behind a console. 
Xiu-Li raised her hands. “I am IWG Ensign Xiu-Li Chen, InterWorld Group Science Survey Ship JOHN A. WHEELER.” She sagged down to her knees. “It’s okay. I’m here to help.” She took out a tube of imobilfoam and sprayed it all around the areas where the blade had pierced her arm, immobilizing the knife in place. Then she sat down. It was all sort of, well, strange, this clearing of rooms and injuries in the line of duty... 
Two things broke the wonderment: hands touched her strangely feeling arm, and her comm beeped. “We must evacuate, Ensign,” said Aria Threnody. “There is a fusion device locked down near the main antimatter unit of the MirMat drive. Did you find any survivors?
“Yes, m’am, one.” Xiu-Li looked over. Dark hair – much darker and longer than Aria’s. Slender, strong fingers pressed here and there – and the pain was gone. Large, huge, dark eyes looked deep into hers. “We are h-heading toward the exit n-now, Chief,” said Xiu-Li. The survivor was a young Niv girl in her mid-teens: skinny, long legged, already more hauntingly beautiful than even Aria – Xiu-Li hoped the Chief Engineer was truly unable to feel irrational jealousy, or this could be a Niv looks-struggle. “Are you injured, m’am?” Xiu-Li asked the girl at last, finally realizing that she herself must be in shock. A Niv looks-struggle?
The girl said, “I am uninjured.” Her tunic and pants were torn and filthy, but roughly intact.
Thank space! “We have to get going.”
To her consternation, the girl was limber enough to jump directly up to a standing position, then offer a hand. Only after they were walking back toward to central stair did she realize how unusually free the girl had been about touching her – unusual for a Niv.
“One moment please, Ensign,” said the girl, and she disappeared into one of the cabins. 
Xiu-Li turned to admonish her, then shut up. The girl was a Niv, she knew all the risks, and would only have stopped for something of the utmost importance.
She returned with a carryall pack slipped over her shoulders, and it had taken less than ten seconds to retrieve it. In moments they were both running toward the airlock. Threnody stood there with her EngDPaT scanner. “Quickly,” she called as they dashed past her.
Xiu-Li activated the hatches behind her as Aria brought up the rear and went directly to the controls; Dr. Truhart threw a blanket over the girl, who had begun to shiver. “All clear, m’am!” called Xiu-Li, who collapsed into a seat. 
The Runner twitched and dropped free. “Runner to WHEELER, Threnody here, we are clear and moving off to our rendezvous at coordinates.”
Dr. Truhart looked at her arm and tsked. “I did not know you were so determined to collect mementos of your missions, Ensign Chen.” 
Xiu-Li managed a tiny smile, but she felt pretty tired and rested her head on the back of the seat... 

XIU-LI
Ensign Xiu-Li Chen had a lot of new duties and responsibilities, but had never expected that child watching might be one of them. The doctor waited until he had completely wrapped her left forearm before telling her she’d been asked to report to the bridge. She used the torn-off sleeve of her uniform to wrap the now cleaned and sterilized blade. 
As she was leaving, she heard the Med Section shower open. “Doctor, may I have the robe you referenced?” It was the Niv girl. The doctor had hit his knee and banged his head by the time the outer door closed. Xiu-Li smiled, wondering for just a second if she was actually standing there naked, and what a flustered Dr. Truhart would look like... 
Being called to the bridge for personal congratulations was to be savored to a degree, but as the shiplift moved upward she was starting to review her actions – and getting worried instead. It made her arm throb, and she relaxed; no one in IWG was so political as to deny the right of self defense when one’s own blood was spilled.
In fact, the bridge hum grew quiet with expectation as the lift doors opened and she walked out. Captain Matisou was pacing in front of tactical; Commander Takaguchi gave her a neutral nod. 
The boss nodded; that’s something at least. “Ensign Chen reporting, sir,” she said quietly. There was a generally pleasant buzz after that. Well done so far. From the science station the new Science Division officer acquired from Heart, Lieutenant Harmony Speeter, gave her a speculative look. 
Xiu-Li saw they were back in realspace, with a bright star not far away – six light hours due “north” of HD-19373, the original point in space where they were to meet a special services ship, then both ships would do a system survey.
Matisou nodded pleasantly at looked at the wrap on her arm. “Problem?”
“No, sir. A cut, it should heal quickly.” His eyes studied her. Takaguchi was watching her with his arms crossed, but she was used to his reserve. At least he’s not glowering at me. This is probably good.
The Captain nodded. “I believe our new passenger is still in medical?”
“Yes, sir. She’s resting at the moment.” She waited.
“Any ideas on origins of the raiders?”
Xiu-Li shook her head. “No, sir. The ones I saw were human, wearing straight ship crewper jumpsuits.”
He looked at her. “You did another fine job today, Ensign... Perhaps even took a few chances you shouldn’t have. Any thoughts on that?”
“I managed to survive, sir.”
Matisou looked at her. “True. Any critiques of your work?”
“Yes, sir.” Xiu-Li shot a glance over at Takaguchi. He was impassive. “If he had a gun, he could have shot me, sir.” The looks she got from the bridge crew were awe and approval.
“Mmm... Were you the only child in your family?”
What did that have to do with –? “Yes, sir.”
“Oh. You never had the joy of caring for a sibling – especially a younger one.”
“No, sir.” Was that why she couldn’t kill in cold blood? “I had a cat, a few times.” Xiu-Li waited for further questions. 
However, the Captain said, “After meeting with Commander Takaguchi and reviewing the intial action reports, we found you have the following qualifications for a special assignment: one, you are of Female biosex, two, an Ensign, three, are ‘Available,’ i.e. your roster can be re-set and all of your watches covered.” Matisou’s eyes twinkled.
“Yes, sir.” That was a good, neutral non-answer. 
Takaguchi’s head tilted slightly; he appreciated subtlety.
Matisou looked away. “I could probably assign her to Aria, but then she’ll be underfoot in engineering. Harmony is still getting her Science Division set up, and I don’t want kids hanging around up here.” He shook his head. “This Priti – on Niv she’s well known as ‘The Daughter of Science,’ I’m told, so having an ensign, a female officer, as an escort and a bodyguard for her honor is a big consideration.” He looked at Xiu-Li. “She must be perfectly safe.”
“Aye, sir.”
Matisou nodded. “Yes. Well, as to watches, there are duties which are safe for both of you to do and others that are...” He looked at Takaguchi.
Bad news coming, Xiu-Li!
Takaguchi said, “Your main mission is to be available to her while keeping her out of the way, really –” He kept his eyes level on Xiu-Li, studying her response to his words. “– So your bridge tours will have to be reschedulled.” 
Ouch. 
“And any field ops slots.” 
Space! 
“And any other planet time will be postponed.” 
Well, that was no big deal.
Takaguchi still wasn’t finished. “As to appropriate ship duties –” he looked at Matisou, who looked at her.
“I would suggest brigwatch and weapons upkeep,” said Xiu-Li. “She can also assist in the Runner Two Conversion Project, and the optics line run, if she’s still on board. And sir? An educational program, perhaps one designed by Lieutenant Commander Threnody and utilizing our compuSys databases, might also be well received by – uh, by whoever.” 
Takaguchi’s eyes twinkled and he nodded in approval. He appreciated good talent with quick ideas.
Matisou beamed. “Now, that is a great idea!” He looked around the bridge. “I guess Aria’s still down in medical with her.” He smiled at Xiu-Li. “Ensign, this is what makes it possible for me to do my job – your work, your heart, your brain, and your approach to using them.”
She blushed. “Thank you, sir. It is an honor to serve the Fleet on board your ship.”
Matisou nodded in return and went over to the comm board. “Tania, let’s get a hypercomm ready for Fleet. We’re what, seven hours early?” They went to work.
Takaguchi checked his tactical board. “She’ll be next door to you once she’s done with the doctor. We’re putting a spare bed in – cramped, but we’d like to discourage any callers.” He half smiled, nodded. “Well done, Xiu-Li. Nasty work.”
“Thank you, sir.”
He peered at her arm. “Are you keeping the knife?” He grinned. “Adding it to your captured collection?”
“No, sir.” No point trying to hide it from the boss. “I thought I might give it to her.”
Takaguchi snorted. “Niv are pacifists. That’s not a cheese cutter.”
“Nevertheless, sir, there are blades in Niv culture. And some blades have memories with them.” Xiu-Li was uncertain whether to tell him there had been already been one dead raider in the command cabin, and the girl was likely already as physically strong as Takaguchi was – perhaps even stronger.
Takaguchi stiffened and grew serious. “Yes, of course.” He glowered at his board for a moment, berating his little gaffe. Gruffly: “Well – I am informed by the doctor this injury puts you off regular duties for thirty six hours. You will assume your special assignment immediately you meet the new passenger, and acclimate her to the ship until you report to the doctor in thirty-six hours for regular duty clearance.” He looked at her. “You’re still capable of R.O.E. One while you recover, correct?”
“Aye sir. It’s an injury to my non-dominant arm, and I am already well enough to aim and fire a magpistol with it as well.” She hesitated. “The blade is a Gem Isle ceramglas composite.” She took out the folded cloth and handed it to over to Takaguchi. “The doctor fully scanned it and it’s been clearchecked: nothing.” He looked at it and whistled. The bridge paused – one or two caught a glimpse of the wicked killing blade inside the folded cloth. 
Takaguchi’s eyes narrowed. “How would a raider get that?”
“Good question. It’s an expensive blade, special operations type; it’s not a tool knife or a tourist’s souvenir, sir. It cost a lot of money.”
Takaguchi blinked. “Of course.” He shook his head. “Ensign, you are giving me a run for the money.”
“It will take me years to learn what you know, sir.”
He looked down at his board, giving it a sour glance. “We shall see, Ensign Chen. Dismissed.”
“Aye, sir.”
Matisou watched Takaguchi look up from his board at Chen’s departing back and shake his head, rueful smile on his face.

ARIA
Doctor Truhart had already told Priti Fareyes she was physically stable, and Priti had agreed to keeping her pet in quarantine for 48 hours. “Thank you, Doctor,” said Priti, as she put on the uniform given to her.
“Uhmm – yes.” He was engrossed in the scan read-outs of her areas of brain activity and her serotonin, vassopressin and oxytocin levels. 
Priti finished dressing and stood looking into the cage where her pet curled, sleeping. 
The door beeped: “Threnody.” Aria entered and went over to Truhart. “Doctor.” She nodded formally to him, looked over at Priti. She looks like Selena, but has Tybok’s dark eyes. It was a curious thought to have; on the other hand, it was not Irrationalist to appreciate beauty, and Priti was beautiful.
“There are no physical injuries.” Truhart nodded toward the panel and Aria picked up the cue. Her eyes swept over the readings and her brows arched in surprise for a moment. She looked over at Truhart. He shrugged.
Aria took a deep breath. “Thank you, Doctor.” He looked over at Priti, and his eyes widened. Aria looked over as well. 
Priti was standing in a relaxed “parade rest” in front of the quarantine cage. Her pet was awake now and standing on its hind legs, in a sort of “parade rest,” and seemed to be looking at her… As if Listening.
Truhart and Aria exchanged glances. “I shall update the captain,” she said. Priti straightened and met her as she walked to the door. 
The recent run-in against the “renegade Qet” had unfortunately resulted in several vacant quarters, including one next door to Xiu-Li Chen, and Priti was given those. 
Maintenance had already removed the big desk/cabinet wall unit and put in another bed with a smaller standing cabinet and a compsys station with a SciDPaT for her use. The quarters were typically small, but had been decorated in a green rainforest motif no one had packed away when Clarissa D’Arial’s things had been stored for return to her family, after her loss in May on HD-19373.
Priti stood in the center of the room and looked around. “Thank you, Lieutenant Commander. This design reminds me of home.” She looked at Aria. “My home – Jade, where I was born and raised until I was ten. Then we moved to the equatorial region on Heart. Both were hot, but humid. Not like Niv.” She took a deep breath and said softly, “Must I go to Niv now?”
“That decision does not rest with us, Priti.”
“This playing of politics with my near future is irritation defined!” said Priti, giving emphasis while keeping a neutral tone.
Aria looked down. “Agreed,” she said softly, “I have many times experienced the same since I joined WHEELER.”
“And if I refused to participate with this decision?”
The cooler expression returned to Aria’s face. “Is there rational sense in resistance to this direction of authority?”
“If the primary concerns about my future are my education, health, and safety, those are available anywhere. Is it rational to declare that these things can only be provided on Niv?”
“And what of your culture?”
Priti looked down for a moment, then back into her eyes. “I am now past my First Fourteen. All I have known of Niv has been from databases, smaller semblances of Paleo Camp and rituals, and the memories of others. Despite the greater range of information and richer tales, I know of Niv the way I know of Earth, or any other planet. I am new to them all. There is no argument favoring Niv over any other planet in my mind, and I found relations between myself and my Niv peers disharmonious.”
Aria felt surprise. “Explain.”
“I did not like them,” said Priti, quite simply.
Aria was staggered. That was not a Niv sort of statement at all. “Please amplify so I may understand.”
“They ridiculed my lack of social references and envied my physical skills and my knowledge of science.”
“Those are irrational responses.”
Priti’s dark black eyes flashed. “My observations were exact.” She stared right at Aria now. “Are we all not proud of the many accomplishments Niv civilization has made? Has the pride of senior Niv led to political divisions and actions which might be just as rationally have been handled in some other manner?” Her voice dropped. “Is the daughter of a Threnody prepared to engage in a full discussion at this time?”
Aria bowed her head and sighed in resignation. “I will see what alternatives exist.” She looked up. “If you are well enough, the Captain would be honored if you could accept an invitation to dinner.”
Priti took a deep breath. “I apologize for that loss of control, Lieutenant Commander Threnody. I meant no disrespect. Besides my mother, you have long been an example for me as a Niv Scholar prepared to fight, and I appreciate your words. My deepest thanks both to you and to the w-woman who s-saved me. It is the honor of my life to accept the Captain’s offer.”
Aria bowed her head again. “The honor is mine... Please wait here. Someone will come to escort you to the officer’s mess.” The hesitations in Priti’s speech had had been slight, almost missed… But they confirmed the brain chemistry findings. Hmmm... 
“Captain, our passenger does not want to return to Niv,” she said to Matisou a few moments later.
Matisou looked at his chief engineer and frowned in puzzlement. “What?” he said blankly. Aria looked away into neutral space. Wow, does she look uncomfortable, thought Matisou.
“Priti says her education, health and safety can be provided anywhere and sees no rational reason in going to Niv. She did not like the peer children who joined her when she was ten, and does not want to visit Niv at this time.”
Matisou rubbed his eyes, then peered at her. “Wait, what? She didn’t ‘like’ them?”
Aria’s voice took on the dry tone of amusement she used. “She submitted that Niv are proud of the achievements of our new civilization, that irrational pride motivates certain political decisions and actions, and this pride is an accepted irrational feeling in our Niv culture – albeit one not discussed.” She avoided the grin on Matisou’s face – one of his peeves were “smug Niv,” and in her observation since starting her IWG service and Earth contacts, she had seen at least six rationally indisputable instances in which she had no other conclusion for the actions taken except pride, in some form. “Priti is a Niv who does not seem to have certain basic social conventions, having been raised by eccentric scientists in many environments.”
“Eccentric? There are eccentric Niv?”
Aria gave him a flat look. “There are –” her face twitched “– extremes of behavior in every culture, sir. There are religious orders which disagree most strongly, or schools of thought about thought itself, and those who seek knowledge and want to promote those who do as well – and they disagree about whether they are progressive or liberal by definition, while the views of both sides is that the other is ‘irrationally reacting.’” She stopped short. “I do apologize for citing so many examples, sir. Her parents were known for highly original, yet rigorously defended approaches to theory and science, and they left Niv to survey Jade and Heart. Priti has never really lived on Niv. Although her parents trained her, her environments and surroundings did not reinforce their trainings in a traditional Niv way. Priti has all of the disciplines but applies them – differently.” 
“She’s prone to being ‘irrational’?” His eyes twinkled.
“Not in a human cultural sense, sir. She is indisputably Niv, using a rationally-based thought pattern, but many Niv could regard her as –” Aria paused. “– undisciplined in thought.”
Matisou frowned and sighed. “Aria, I respect you greatly. I have seen you make your own use of rational thought to decide your own pathway many times, and I know that path has at times not been the one you were advised upon by Niv authority.” He paused to check her reaction, found her waiting expectantly. “Using you own level of discipline as a gauge, where would hers be thought of? Relatively speaking.” He held up his hands. “I’m just trying to imagine how much trouble she’d get into on Niv.” He chuckled. “Hell, just imagine how much trouble we would get into!”
Aria took a moment, then looked at him – innocently, it seemed. “I myself would at this time be thought of as ‘in rather poor company,’ sir, which is not quite the same as ‘undisciplined.’ It indicates any acceptance of irrational thinking or the plannings which result from that, which many would reject outright.”
“Am I correct that it’s my irrational thinking you’re accepting?” asked Matisou with a blank face, despite rather enjoying this chance to learn about Niv from a Niv he knew well.
“Yes, sir – among others,” she added quickly.
Matisou nodded, thinking it all over. “But she doesn’t have irrational thinking, just ‘undisciplined’?”
“No, sir.” Threnody took a breath, “Perhaps this is better put: she is a Niv with opinions who uses rational argument to support them. Most Niv do not have ‘opinions,’ they have ‘conclusions,’ and they are never offered lightly.” A tinge of red blushed her cheeks.
Matisou looked perplexed. “She’s fourteen, she’s bossy, and she’s opinionated?” He shook his head. “She sounds like any normal teenager to me,” he said. They exchanged glances. His smile abruptly faded. “A-ha. Hmmm…” Right: Niv girls of fourteen were not supposed to act like “normal Earth teenager” girls – Matisou didn’t need the exact details. He frowned.
Aria’s brows twitched. “Captain, something else. I believe she has achieved some degree of telepathy, evidently a result of her training and environment. She has developed close contact with a Corvel’s Tube Cat, evidently an exercise from her mother.” She took a breath. “Tybok and Selena were scientists with wide ranging interests. Tybok was a physicist, astronomer and philosopher, Selena was a physician and an archaeologist. Tybok’s life work in physics was in quantum tunneling and quark crystallizations, which are both a part of Tachyon Transport Field technology. Selena was still trying to track out the neural pathways of logic and Deep Image Meditation. They had one daughter – Priti Fareyes, our passenger – and their ship was chartered by the Niv Exosciences Institute five years ago, for survey missions on Heart. Among the dead is the son of the operations chief in the Niv Space Service, Lorenz Vishak, and his wife Shara, the daughter of Admiral Kal, and their two children are missing, presumed dead. The last couple had three other teenaged children, and the ship’s master was also killed.” These relationships filled in the early raw numbers of “seven adults, three teens, and two children dead,” suggesting possible Niv political considerations.
“Thanks.” Matisou nodded. “While you were busy settling our guest, I received a comm from Space Fleet. NSS KOLTAAR was our partner survey ship. We will now be meeting with NSS SNOWLEOPARD, currently en route to investigate the KOLTAAR situation while a new survey ship is found.” He sighed. “They will also assume all responsibility for Priti Fareyes, ‘the Daughter of Science.’”
“I wish them luck.”
Matisou nodded slowly. “Mmm-hmm... For the time being, we need to keep her safe, her honor intact, and everything above board. I’ve asked Commander Takaguchi to assign Xiu-Li to be her guide and guard, and we’ll try to keep her fairly occupied and out of the way.” He rubbed his chin. “Do you think you could use our databases to devise some sort of teaching schedule? I’d hate to miss any aspect of care.”
Threnody tilted her head. “Yes, Captain.”
Matisou’s face became grave. “If she was someone else’s daughter, I’m sure other options would be possible, but IWG ComDiv and the Niv have spoken. We’re going to have to give her to the Niv if they say so.” He looked at her. “All things being equal.” He held her gaze a moment.
“Aye, sir.” It was clear that Aria would have to come up with something to change the equation.

XIU-LI
What she could use was a nice massage. Some dinner would also be nice. Right now, just the shower would be heaven... The door chimed. Xiu-Li tapped the pad for open. Aria Threnody stood just outside the hatch door frame. “Lieutenant Commander. Please come in.” 
Aria entered her quarters and stood there stiffly, even after the door closed. 
Oh, it’s one of those visits. Too bad, I could use a hug! 
After a moment Threnody said quietly, “You were superb, Xiu-Li.”
Xiu-Li blushed. She was such a sucker for praise from the right people, and although not a hug, it was actually pretty satisfying, now having been said. “Thanks, Aria.” I still need a hug... 
Aria looked around the room. 
Xiu-Li waited. She’s embarrassed. This is about the Niv girl... 
“I’ve spoken with you of our – cycles?” Aria paused, but it was a rhetorical question. “You’re aware of the – adaptations – Niv made in the Change to live on our planet.” Aria was clearly struggling, enough that Xiu-Li could even see it. Wow, this must be deep! 
“The cycle of periods... It was, well, so...” Aria took a deep breath. “Doctor Joanna Thilkspoon-Helix felt the menstrual cycle was inefficient. Cramps, tissue sloughing, fibroids, blood loss, and all of that, on a planet full of land-based scent predators. Orgasm once every four weeks keeps Niv females from having periods. Abstention from a release for four weeks causes a hormone surge, promoting ovulation, then ten days in which to impregnate, followed by one menstrual period if no pregnancy results.”
Xiu-Li was staggered. “An orgasm prevents your period?”
“Yes.”
Xiu-Li whistled. “That I might envy! “ The IWG used hormone-based birth control systems and were good for six to eight months; they usually prevented periods, but the Niv system was all natural, and probably a lot more fun.
Aria cleared her throat. “Doctor Thilkspoon-Helix devised a system modification that promotes responsible planning without denying pleasure. It makes becoming pregnant an extremely conscious decision for a Niv female... And after four weeks of abstention, generally an extremely pleasurable one to start with.”
Xiu-Li nodded. 
Aria looked away. “At certain ages we form highly intense bonds...”
“You mean a crush?”
“Umm... I am unfamiliar with that word. A ‘Mad passion’ or ‘a mad pash’ is the idiom we use.” Her cheeks were bright red now.
Xiu-Li frowned. “Hmm... I think that’s a BritLish phrase.” That made sense; both Doctors Watson Helix and Joanna Thilkspoon-Helix, his wife, the nanodevice and genetic architects of the Great Niv Change, were from Britain. So were most of the people on board the original colony slowship to Tau Ceti, launched in 2070. “And?”
“Priti has one... For you.”
Xiu-Li looked surprised, then sighed. “She’s the right age for one, the wrong age to do anything about it,” she observed. “A very delicate situation. Does it mean you and I can’t be friends?”
Aria blinked. “No. Not... Rationally. What does one have to do with the other?” She was quite puzzled.
Xiu-Li sighed, and tears filled her eyes. “Please, Aria, I really, really need a hug!” Startled, Aria opened her arms and let a now shivering Xiu-Li step into them. “I-I’m, I’m sorry, Aria,” sniffled Xiu-Li, “Right now, I’m just...” It was aftershock, adrenaline crash, and echoes of all the recent actions she had been through – especially the last one.
“Your observation is sound. You are in need of a hug.” Aria, in control again, with no tenseness in the arms encircling her. 
“Ummm-m-m-m. Thank you, Aria.” I survived... again.
They stood there several moments and gradually...

[ They were together on Xiu-Li’s Deep Image Meditation beach in the sun, Aria looking out at the water. “Why do you always put water in?” She was simply curious.
Xiu-Li laughed. “The sand is your desert, the sea is my Sol, the sun is ours together; does the humidity trouble you? I think it’s very good for the skin…” Xiu-Li sighed in contentment.
Aria studied her. “You are now her hero, Xiu-Li. Priti is... Vulnerable... At this time in her life...” They stood on her beach there for a moment, and then Aria smiled. “I am being irrational. Of all the humans and sisters I know, no one could do better.”
With a shake of her head – ]

Xiu-Li brought them back to her quarters on WHEELER. She and Aria stood there and hugged gently. As Aria’s eyes opened with a question, Xiu-Li laughed again. “I think the sun was getting to you. You were smiling at me.”
Aria’s left brow arched. “You have done well in your Deep Image Meditation exercises. I think you will be able to sustain a virtual view on your own soon; if your progress continues, a reward would be appropriate.” Her lips twitched in amusement. “I have found that Sol humans respond particularly well to incentives. At present, you have twenty minutes before you must escort Priti to dinner at the invitation of the Captain.” She gave Xiu-Li one last hug.
Xiu-Li squeezed her gently in return, then stepped back. “Aye aye, M’am!” 
Aria nodded and left.
Xiu-Li slid off her day jumpsuit, quickly washed her face and arms, then gave herself a squirt of scent in the space between her breasts. She put on her dress uniform and ran a comb through her short, jet black hair. It was impossible not to look tired, but at least she had “an alert appearance” as the rulebook advised (although a real shower would have been nice), and she felt reasonably pretty (she imagined other officers would be present, and it did no harm to look good). She had eight minutes left. She took three minutes to put her sleep-kit and nightlies together and into a bag, then took a deep breath. Five minutes left. 
She left her quarters and chimed the next door down the hall. “Ensign Xiu-Li Chen, here to escort you to the officer’s mess, m’am.”
The door opened. Priti stood there, wearing a simple crew uniform. “Ensign,” she said, coolly enough.
Slightly warmer than Aria, though. “Ah, m’am, I’ve been given the honor of being your guide and protector while you’re with us here on IWG Survey Ship JOHN A. WHEELER.”
“I am Priti. Thank you for saving my life, Ensign Chen.”
“Please, call me Xiu-Li.”
Priti studied her seriously. “But you are Ensign Chen, my rescuer and an IWG officer.” Her dark black eyes flashed and twinkled. 
Xiu-Li smiled. “Perhaps in private?” Priti nodded, moving back into the room and Xiu-Li, suddenly dry-mouthed, went in and put her sleep-kit bag on the spare bed, then took a deep breath. “Wow, I really need to rehydrate.” She looked at Priti. “We’re supposed to be there in two minutes. Are you feeling well enough for this? You went through a lot today.”
Priti blinked. “I agreed to the honor of this obligation freely. Mourning does not preclude my nutrition, and I am curious about your ship and all those who serve on her.” She looked away. “I’m just... Curious...” she said softly. 
Xiu-Li blushed. “Well, let’s not be late then. Few things impress the men more than an on-time entrance.”

PRITI
The Captain was a nice human (species “Homo sapien” in the language of science) and she was also impressed with his officers. “Sol humans” were easier to read than the raiders, who seemed to have been a mix from the Colonies; these humans had many of the same initial physical reactions to her the raiders had, but they had discipline, and the ability to redirect their thoughts (or even hide them – like Xiu-Li) was impressive. 
Priti knew the males were generally as excited by her body as the two raiders left behind had been when they had discovered her and pulled her from the access tube her mother had thrown her in. Selena Fareyes had burst into the quarters where Priti was studying. Covered in blood, a wild look in her eye, she’d grabbed Priti and dragged her out and hid her in an air vent access shaft. The raiders had but one drive on their minds and would not waver. 
These “Sol human males” were still excited by her, even as they all spoke aloud of other intellectual topics; she was evidently a little young by their ethics (although Sol human females could become pregnant after “menarche,” at around age 13 – a biosign that their maturation had advanced). 
Priti did not detect the same excitement from the women or the Captain or first officer, but she had heard many Sol humans were still not as willing to cuddle in the cold of a deep starless night as Niv. So she did not expect it from the women, or senior IWG officers who kept their command faces straight at all times... But the other men... 
Priti was impressed with their control, but also with their style of restraints construction. She had not cared at all why Xiu-Li had been assigned to her, although by sub-text it quickly became clear it was so no one would attempt to have a sexual encounter with her; she had almost laughed out loud when this realization came. Instead, it propelled her into a very pleasant mood indeed, and it only got better when she looked at the meal on the long table, as the captain stood at the head and smiled. There were both meat and some vegetarian Niv-style main courses, a salad, and fruitmeade, wine, or hot drinks. She sat next to the captain, among the senior officers – across from Dr. Truhart, and tactics/first officer Commander Takaguchi, and next to Chief Engineer Threnody and pilot Ensign Debitts. At the end of the table sat Xiu-Li, sitting as straight as any Niv – but she looked fatigued compared to the rest.
Threnody passed her the vegetable dish and Priti took some; she passed it back for Threnody and took the salad from Takaguchi, who gave her a big smile. “Commander, what is the origin of the meat protein?” Priti asked him.
He blinked and looked completely startled. “It’s, uhh, I think it’s...” he looked over at Matisou for help.
Priti saw all eyes were on her. This is why I don’t want to go “home” to NIV!!
“I believe it’s beef,” said Matisou. “This is a traditional ‘roast beef.’ It’s from a neo-bovine herd on Heart.” He looked at Threnody.
Priti reached out and picked up the meat plate. “I can see you are all aware of the general observation that most Niv are vegetarians for philosophical reasons.” She took a piece. 
Matisou, Takaguchi and Debitts all exchanged glances, while Threnody studied her plate – not tense, but awaiting explanation for what was the best proof yet that Priti was a singularly independent Niv. Priti looked at Matisou, who was curious as well. “You may know my father was a philospher; you can imagine the arguments with my mother about consuming animal protein. If we were not in danger of literally starving to death, he’d never have consented, but he could not in the end justify my death because of total lack of other rations or vegetables after a crash in the arctic wastes on Jade.” Threnody looked up at her, and Priti nodded. “I may eat it rarely, but it honors memory and feeds my body, and provides a perspective I find helpful – my mother’s, which was immediate and forcible regarding matters of my survival.” Priti looked down at the pitcher on the table. “Might I have some fruitmeade, please?”
It was Commander Takaguchi who poured it and Captain Matisou who passed it to her. But it was Xiu-Li’s eyes she felt warming her with their concern when Priti looked over. It was absurdly irrational – even for her – how safe she felt! While she ate, Priti worked on her control. She was Niv and she would honor her parents. She caught the slight nod of Aria Threnody, and was grateful – Aria was so beautiful and self-assured, but in a naturally low-key way, unlike most Niv Priti had met all her life (who were either more overtly proud and haughty, or nervous and fawning around her parents). Threnody is coexisting with these loud, florid, so very vibrant Sol humans; walking her own quiet Path, fully holding her own – she had the respect of every Sol human present. 
As the meal continued, discussion topics moved around. They finished the main meal, and slices of a sweet fruit bakery product – “A berry pie” – came last. Priti turned to Matisou. “Captain. May I have a glass of wine with this?” 
He studied her face for a moment and then poured her a glass. Priti nodded her head formally as she took it from him. Conversation had faltered at the other end of the table, an awareness of a formal tension now at the head. 
Priti looked around the table and then at Matisou, and everyone fell silent. “Captain, I thank you for your efforts to save us. I also thank Doctor Truhart, Lieutenant Commander Threnody, and Ensign Chen.” She looked around the table again. “The raiders came from nowhere; they hit our engine section, stormed onto our ship, and killed the ship’s master. My mother hid me. They herded everyone together and killed two, and then they raped some. Your ship arrived and most ran away, but not all of them, and the last two still on board began to kill. Finally everyone else was dead. Then they discovered me. If it had not been for Ensign Chen, I would be dead as well.” She looked around, in total and marvelous control, but still conveying her loss. “Both of my parents were scientists. Everyone on KOLTAAR was. Our primary dangers were always from nature, we had been so often told. I applaud your mission and approach, which will in the future reduce some of the other dangers which the universe presents.” No one had yet asked her what had happened; this was a memorial of sorts, as well as thanks.

XIU-LI
The table was silent. Matisou slowly raised his glass. “To peace and science.” It wasn’t the traditional Toast, but... Everyone drank a sip, then looked at Xiu-Li; as the most junior officer present, she made the next toast, and could choose either one.
Xiu-Li had been thinking about the empty quarters next to hers. “To the losses that inspire our resolve and final success – and to our absent friends.” There was a lump in her throat: to Clarissa D’Arial, a past friend, now gone... Lissa Martines... “Dopey” Jimmy Herkle... 
“Absent friends.” All intoned the solemn service traditional phrase of memorial – their own eight dead friends lost to the Qet still painful.
After a moment, Priti rose. “To the service – past, present, and future.” She raised her glass up high; it was the Fleet’s other Traditional toast.
Matisou beamed, stood up, and everybody scrambled to their feet: “The service: past, present, and future!” they roared. It was a mood swing of 180 degrees, to something closer to a defiance of death, (the “more usual collective atmosphere” found in a group of humans moving through vast space in their tear drop bubble of life). 
Xiu-Li caught Aria’s flush of undeniable pride – Priti had taken the time to look that up or ask about it, and a simple traditional Fleet toast turned her instantly into a princess (Aria could see Priti had the gift of charisma and shrewdness along with rational thinking, gaining the best ways of thinking which both her parents had). The men were all goofy by now, but they would all be competing to be on their best behavior – the toast to some degree neutralized the essentially sexual cuteness she had, made it seem wrong to think about her “that way” despite her charms. They’re more like chaste knights of old now, she thought. There had never been any risk to Priti’s “honor” on WHEELER (and it was totally absent now!) but preservation of decorum was both diplomacy and insurance.
Xiu-Li shivered, and sat down. Oh, yeah, that little thing about “a mad passion” – Priti’s rousing toast had turned the somber mood upon itself and raised it once more. The men began to talk about the next mission (never quite discussing the recent one) and they ignored Xiu-Li. Matisou, Aria, and Priti were in conversation, and Xiu-Li had a moment to reflect. Then she felt Matisou’s eye on her; Xiu-Li looked up and saw his concern, and very similar expressions on both Niv faces. She shook herself mentally and gave them all a nice smile – let’s go, let’s go, “an alert appearance” – and almost laughed.
The two Niv looked at each other, then at Matisou. Priti leaned over, Matisou nodded, and Priti rose. Her standing led to silence. “I must retire, but I again give you my thanks,” she said. Priti nodded to Matisou, who had remained in his seat (a signal the evening here would continue) while everyone else also now rose to say goodnight and commend her eulogy. 
As Priti acknowledged them, Matisou caught Xiu-Li’s eye. His face said it all. Even if preliminary reports had hinted what Priti and her family had been through, her statement – amazing for a Niv, but perhaps not for an omnivorous one – now confirmed it. Matisou also knew what Xiu-Li’s experience had been: clearing all of those rooms, finally facing contact, and then having to kill a man. 
He motioned with his head – a nod for her. 
Xiu-Li rose, and they all said goodnight to her next. They’re all getting buzzed, and I’m the one who saw action but is now babysitting and going to bed early. Then she caught the eye of Aria Threnody – her look of concern touched Xiu-Li again. Well, I am pretty tired; I had a busy day. Okay, that’s wine talking. She said, “Goodnight, everyone,” and left, Priti following.
Xiu-Li thought about taking a shower but was too exhausted. Priti seemed to detect her fatigue and was quiet as Xiu-Li mechanically took off her uniform and bra, pulled on her sleeptee, and fell onto her bed in a heap, falling into a deep sleep.

PRITI
Priti fought. Did she dream? 
She had killed the first one. The first one had been upon her and clubbed her with his massive arms, his blows stunning her, until she was in danger of losing consciousness. He did not know Niv strength, so the slender arms reaching up and the hands carressing his face did not threaten him. Then Priti gripped his skull and twisted, gave it a tremendous wrench that tore his neck muscles and snapped his spine.
Priti tangled herself into her sheets.
They had killed the men outright. They had raped the women and teens and killed them all. Her mother had killed one – used an artifact to carve him open, then collected up a stunned Priti and run into the aft command cabin, throwing her into the air vent access shaft and then killing the raider who had caught Selena Fareyes closing the cover. She had used his body to prop against the air vent access shaft door.
Priti saw the round-up and then the carnage. They had killed Selena while they raped her. She would not stop struggling. When she bit the first rapist he took out a combat knife and gutted her with one swipe. It was too much – she could no longer struggle, but it took a long, long time to die. Those finished with taking pleasure (or waiting until later) search the ship. 
They move the dead raider’s body as they are searching it. The door swings open –
Outside the ship, WHEELER fires. They all begin to flee – 
She is seen in the vent access tube. She kicks the grating into them, knocking two of them down, then she crawls out and runs into the command cabin – 
Right behind her, a stay-behind decides to enjoy life before death and follows her in – Priti kills him quickly, using Movement 22 of the Niv First Meditation Form – grip/twist – Priti is unprepared for the crackling and other sensations in her hands, heard by her ears... She killed the first one.
The second one fires a stunner that mostly hit the dead one, but numbs her legs, sends her toppling over as the first raider’s body also falls… The second one chortles and shuts the door. “Ta’hm ta gitcha FEKKED!!” he roars. He falls on top of her. She can smell – 
Priti jerks awake. 
The rancid smell of filthy flesh still fills her mind, but a careful sniff tells her she is safe and on WHEELER. She was fine. Her rescuer was asleep across the room, guarding her, and she sensed the familiar presence of Cat Fareyes, her Ceti Cat, at her side, summoned by her distress, now trying to nuzzle up against her. I’ll be better in a moment. Her breathing resumed a more regular pattern. That’s better… I’m fine... Priti begins to shiver.
After a moment, Priti isn’t fine… I can’t stop shivering. I’ve lost my discipline. I’m losing it all, I’m going to die-die-die – 

XIU-LI
The slender arm had firm muscles and smelled faintly of citrus and shipsoap. It clung to her, and then Xiu-Li heard a sniff – and felt hot tears strike her shoulder. Priti had crawled into her bed and now clung to her, crying, sobbing. The teen felt cool and clammy, without the usual warmth of a higher regular Niv body temperature.
Shock. Xiu-Li turned slowly, and Priti molded to her. And I thought I needed a hug before! 
Xiu-Li hugged Priti and let her cry, rubbing her back until she had stopped shivering. The chrono said it was three hours since they’d gone to sleep. She knew how vivid Niv dreams could be. As she held Priti, she could smell IWG soap and shampoo, and a citrus note... One that grew stronger as the girl, who had stopped sobbing, gave a great post-cry sigh.
Xiu-Li lay there. I knew I should have showered! Niv noses were so much more sensitive than human ones, and she could smell her own sweat and perfume. But she was content, somehow – lazily content. Why not? Had she not “rescued the princess?” 
And what a princess lay below that icy Niv mantle... 
Priti whispered, “Do you like cats?”
“Yes-s-s…” Xiu-Li’s breathing shallowed out. Deep Space! Then she heard a purr. 
“I have a cat – a Corvel’s Tube Cat. It purrs like that.”
Xiu-Li reached out and pressed a button, turning her red light cube on low, suffusing the “rainforest” with a warm cherry red light. Another button and the audio chip came on. Priti sighed and hugged her. 
The crisis was past. Xiu-Li thought she saw movement on Priti’s bed, but that was impossible, of course, and another look showed just rumpled sheets – naturally. Priti slithered off the bed but blocked the way when Xiu-Li stood up, kneeling there on all fours. It took Xiu-Li a moment to realize the Niv girl wasn’t moving. It was playful, but quasi-sexual.
This is a novel task – turn her down gently, maybe without ever really doing so, if I’m lucky... Xiu-Li tried not to get angry, but it did strike her that this was the most delicate and dangerous thing she had ever done. So far this is no worse than goofing around in the dorm. We can’t go any further or else I’ll be in deep fekk.
Priti kissed her ankle.
Mmm-Hmmm! Xiu-Li shivered... nope. “Tell me, my little Cat, did sister Aria speak with you?” Lightly said, but clear.
Priti froze for a moment, then rubbed her warm cheek across Xiu-Li’s ankle. “It has been traditional on Niv to reward a hero in this manner regardless... Or... Do you... Not wish it?” she whispered.
Hmmm... Priti reacted to and evaded the question, and there was an ultimate escape clause – thank Space! “One warrior need not grovel at the feet of another, Priti. I cannot believe that is traditional.”
Priti froze again, then retreated back until she was sitting crosslegged on the floor. 
Oh, fekk, what’ve I said now? Xiu-Li sat down crosslegged as well, facing the Niv teen.
“I did not know that you knew.” Priti’s face was grave.
“I know that the taking of a life can cause profound disruption in a Niv’s life.”
Her eyes flashed. “You took life as well.”
“Yes.”
“What are your – feelings? Do you regret it?”
Xiu-Li shook her head. “No. I would have preferred it had the cosmos not placed me in a moment in which the actions of another inevitably caused their own death by my hand, but this – as all the deaths I have caused by my hand – was justified.” She took a deep breath. “Do you regret it?”
Priti shook her head. “No. I find it hard not to feel satisfaction in a technique of defense well executed.”
“What did you use?”
Priti raised her arms. “Movement Twenty Two of the First Meditation Form.” Her fingers wide apart, she made a gripping twist. “Using false submission I raised my arms, stroked his face to gain better physical advantage, then applied the movement. He partially shielded me as the other raider fired a stunner at me, but my legs were struck and I fell down. He had two knives and I...” She took a deep breath.
Xiu-Li was about to reach out, but then Priti’s voice, cool and calm, went on: “I have not yet attained the Second Meditation. I decided to wait, to seek an opening for an application from the First Meditation.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “I had... Had already seen them disembowel Selena for struggling, so I was trying to delay his efforts without overt resistance.”
Selena – that was her mother. Xiu-Li swallowed. 
“He had just pulled down my pants when you arrived,” Priti finished simply.
“That was close, then.” Xiu-Li shivered. “I don’t know if I thanked you for helping me after I got hurt.” She stretched out her legs. “Ouch – I’m stiffening up.”
Priti was immediately concerned. “I must apologize for my –”
“– not at all, you –”
“– emotions, I am not –”
“– had a hell of a day.” Xiu-Li held up her hand. “Stop.” She smiled. Priti fell silent. “You spoke of past times. Could you please massage my back a little, and tell me more?”
Grateful for a specific task, Priti bowed her head. “Of course.” 
Xiu-Li rolled over and lay on her stomach. It was easier than usual to lie down on the deck now because the table had been removed by the team from QM-Eng Maintenance when putting in the second bed. As the strong, skilled fingers dug into her muscles, Xiu-Li felt them relax and willed her mind to follow. Just like a dorm party.
“There were some larger creatures which preyed on meat,” said Priti. “In the earliest days of Planetfall, we had to kill the big ones we couldn’t get to avoid us, and the result was our very own Niv tradition of the hero.” A dry tone entered her voice. “It is interesting how classic heroes of Earth are perceived from afar. Especially as seen from the face of an essentially unknown planet, with so many real monsters in the woods.”
Xiu-Li shivered despite herself. It was common knowledge out in the colonies that their planets were all still relatively unexplored even now, almost a century after first Planetfall at Epsilon Eridani in 2099 (Darkworld). Although the Centauri plantesimals had been reached in 2091, the planet there was tidally locked and Proxima’s flares made it basically uninhabitable, so that was just another Belt colony – same with the Gem Isles at Procyon A/B). Niv had been explored, but Sol humans still knew little about it.
“There were plenty of big things and we had limits on the weapons and ammunition we had brought with us.” Priti paused as she rubbed the flat of her hands across Xiu-Li’s shoulderblades, then continued: “You know we are a culture of scientists, but we had little infrastructure to build the weapons we could dream up. To meet the challenge, we went back to the earlier technologies of hunting. We picked the most environmentally friendly ones: sharpening stakes, using arrows, spears, blades, digging traps, and all the crude ways, supplementing the few modern guns we had. There were response teams called by beeper, who flew in to intervene if needed – I believe we had the most industrially advanced proto-human tooled hunting teams ever assembled. So the Niv coped, using the best mix of practical old and modern advanced technologies, and we have our own true stories of valiant heroism in the face of monster sized terror.” Her voice had a wistful pride in it.
“That is not in the history as provided,” said Xiu-Li. “It sounds horrifying.” She shivered again. The alien “monsters” she had met so far had chosen to be so, she was trying to believe.
“Do not be frightened, Xiu-Li, they are on Niv. But that is why we have an active cultural tradition of celebrating heroism, and the need to do so. It is so human to be heroic in the face of death, is it not?”
Oh, thought Xiu-Li. Ohh, yes, now I do see... “Very much so, although no one is expected to be. Perhaps exactly because no one is expected to be.” 
“I have discovered my rescue was not the only instance where you have saved others. You have always acted that way.”
Xiu-Li blushed, feeling her cheek grow warm against her folded hands as she lay there, feeling the muscles of her spine relax under Priti’s trained hands. “It is the action to take in the moment. I am not always correct.”
“You do not trade on your actions.”
“I don’t know what you mean.” Xiu-Li wasn’t sure how one did that, even though Priti was not the first to observe it about her. 
“Precisely,” is what Priti said now, which didn’t advance Xiu-Li’s knowledge by much, but she decided to ignore it. Priti began to tap-massage along Xiu-Li’s ribcage. “We were on our way to this planet to investigate for signs of an alien culture. My mother let me review all the reports available, even the ones that my father kept secret, which included a session listed as ‘truncated’ from a debrief on Heart, regarding an encounter in May here on HD-19373’s planet. Was that censored?”
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. No one had ever told her whether or not her information about her Qet experience was secret or not, and the phrasing of this question from a leading Niv scientist’s teenage daughter indicated she had thorough knowledge of what the recorded logs from her debrief on Heart would have read like. “No.” Priti had lost her parents; Xiu-Li decided she might as well treat her like a kid sister, at least. “I’m not sure how the IWG has classified this information, but they were ended abruptly. As to any censoring, I don’t know what you read. ‘Truncated,’ hunh? Mmpf.”
Priti started tapping across the firm muscles running down the backs of Xiu-Li’s thighs. “I am amazed and intrigued by what I read.” 
Xiu-Li blushed again. Priti continued: “These sentient intelligents represent a potential threat if their tendency to ‘flock’ and ‘pack’ extends to territorial imperatives. It appears they like the same atmospheres and star system schemes which humans do.”
“Our WHEELER anaylsis team felt that way.”
“The aliens honored you as a warrior, did they not?” 
Xiu-Li tensed up – she couldn’t help herself. 
Priti’s fingers just continued to work the muscles. “That must be considered more, hero. Experience confirms you as a true warrior – your actions led to their defining you as one, hence their attempt to ‘serve you with honor,’ as they put it.” 
Xiu-Li closed her eyes as tears filled them. Clarissa! ‘Dopey’ Jimmy! Markis – Julissa! 
Priti continued quietly. “In defining you by their code, they recognized that part of your nature; this delayed your own death long enough for you to plan and start an escape, which they did not seem to imagine you capable of.”
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. Why were they talking about this now? “I was just lucky enough that Aria showed up before I got killed, and then I used something like your ‘Movement Twenty Two’ to get loose.”
“Mmm. Yes-s-s-s...” Priti rubbed her shoulderblades and Xiu-Li sighed and relaxed once more. “The timing is remarkable... So like yours today. Tell me, what do you know of the bladed weapon you saved me from? I know it is a ceramGlas blade.” 
This time Xiu-Li didn’t tense. If anyone could talk to her about these things it would be Priti, who had lost so much but had been saved just before losing her life, and none of the canons of ethics and pages of IWG regulations changed that. “Yes. A Gem Isles weapon, available on military contract to the IWG and others.”
“An expensive piece of kit.”
“Yes. And a classified one.” Xiu-Li grinned. “A nice addition to any blade collection, if it can be acquired.”
“How does a space renegade get such a weapon?”
“Either through murder, or because they are undercover.”
Priti’s tapping faltered. “What?”
“Murder someone who has a blade and take it.”
“And the other way?”
“Someone made an attempt on my life recently, on Heart. No one has been found. In this case we have renegades – I do not believe a true squad of operatives would have been so sloppy – but loose minds are easily manipulated by those well trained in covert operations. Given a bit of advance information, guided by an operative dedicated enough to select the right stay-behinds, and even stay behind himself, and all of this will be blamed on ‘renegades lucky enough to catch you.’ No one knows the set-up. But then things go poorly. A well armed undercover operative fails.”
“Yes-s-ss... You were wounded in saving me from such a blade today, my hero.” Hot droplets splashed onto her leg – Priti was crying again. “I apologize – I have such tears of – of – of joy, I would define it – oh, I am losing my control again, damning it!”
Xiu-Li rolled over and put her hand on Priti’s arm. This girl is burning up! “Did you say ‘damning it’?”
“Yes. Colloquial phrases and slang increase one’s acceptance among peers.”
“Well, it’s ‘damn it.’ If I hit my leg on a chair and say, ‘damn it’ or even ‘you damn chair’ then I’m damning the chair.”
“You are angry at the chair?”
“No, I’m in pain and angry at myself for hitting the chair, so I express frustration.”
“With the chair? Hm. And can a physical mis-step alone provoke anger?”
Why am I taking about this now?! “Yes.”
“This is most interesting –”
“Look, damn it, I don’t want to talk about it right now.”
Priti frowned. “What is the ‘it’ you are damning now?” 
Xiu-Li didn’t answer, truly annoyed with herself. I’m forgetting that Niv women are always Niv first, even the odd ones. She reached over and took hold of Priti’s hand. 
Priti’s face immediately relaxed back to neutrality. “I confess, Xiu-Li, I am – n-nervous. You are, I mean –” 
Poor girl. “It is a fact that I saved you, Priti. Still, you are my sister warrior. Are we agreed?”
Priti looked down. “Yes, Xiu-Li.”
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. Here goes. “You say I am your... Ahhh... Hero?”
The luminous dark black eyes flashed up, smoldering. “Oh, yes, Xiu-Li!” 
Okay then. Xiu-Li smiled. “Well, this hero of yours is tired. Let’s go to sleep now and we’ll talk some more in the morning.” She said it firmly, and smiled wider. “Okay?” Priti could sleep there but ‘No fooling around!’
“Thank you.”

DAY TWO
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER
9 August 2173 - Tuesday

ARIA
“Captain, NSS KOLTAAR did not explode after we left the system.”
Matisou sipped his morning coffee and walked over to to the Science station where his Chief Engineer sat. “Explain.”
“In the course of filing my full report, I reviewed all sensor unit scans and all images from the action and during our exit from the system. Commander Takaguchi’s sweeps for incoming ships scanned the ranges we would use for outgoing ships, and nothing was found.” Aria looked at him.
Matisou nodded.
“I was not present at this phase of the action, but it is rational in the moment to focus more on new hostiles and a safe exit from the system prior to imminent nearby drive explosion.” Aria pointed to the screen. “These sweeps also indicate no outgoing drive signatures, even though we lost contact with the raider, and then no engine explosion as we left. Our aft navigational imaging unit would have captured any pre-hyperflight blast flare. There was none. The databall still in-system is still sending data in hypercomm, and review to last update is still without a drive explosion flare.”
Matisou nodded thoughtfully. “They hid behind a planet or moon or in the asteroid belt, and they deactivated the bomb when we left.” He looked at her. “They’ll take it as a prize.”
“Quite likely, sir.” Aria took a deep breath. “Ensign Chen did not see any children in her sweep. It was presumed they were dead elsewhere. A further refinement of scanning data images taken during our approach suggests two smaller sized beings with slightly elevated body temperatures and low-range heart rates may have been taken off the ship just before it undocked. If the infrared signature ratios are accurate, that scan signature is consistent with Niv children.”
“Hmmm...” Matisou saw Takaguchi walk out of the shiplift for watch and waved him over. “Morning, Jason. It seems things are not as we thought when we last left NSS KOLTAAR.” Matisou shook his head. “Enronn, how long to the rally point at present speed, and how long for return to 19373 at best speed?”
Debitts looked at his console and tapped in data. “Sir, I make it fifty eight hours to our new rendezvous point; we could get back to 19373 in – ten hours, if Lieutenant Commander Threnody can find the power this early in the day.”
Matisou rubbed his eyes. It was pretty early in the day to buck the orders of both the IWG and the Niv Command, but rescuing two captured Niv children would be difficult to criticize. Aria had for some reason decided to seek a reason to unequalize the equation – which he had certainly implied he would listen to – and now she had found one. And as he was presently closer to those kids than he was to that rendezvous... “Mister Debitts, bring WHEELER about and set a course back to the19373 system. Engineering –” He looked over at Aria, who only then realized she had convinced him. “Lieutenant Commander Threnody, I’m afraid you’ll have to heat your coffee on your drive units this watch, as we need best speed back to our last port of call. There may still be other survivors in that system.” He nodded. “Good work, Chief.”
There was a pause, then a very serious, formal, “Aye, Captain.” Aria keyed the comm. “Engineering, Threnody to Lobo: Drive to Nav Delta status one, on my way.”
“Aye, Chief!” snapped back Lieutenant Lobo. She stood up and headed toward the shiplift.
“Whenever we’re ready, Mister Debitts.”
“Aye, sir.” Enronn Debitts grinned.
Matisou went over to the shiplift. “Were you up all night?”
Aria turned. She felt tired but less worried than before. “I have been here for the last three hours, sir.” 
It was not the answer to the question he’d asked, but Matisou knew better than to bring that up. “It seems we will have to delay our Niv rendezvous. Your educational program may have to be extended.” He smiled. “We’d better allow for it, at least.”
Aria immediately gained new energy. “Aye, sir.” But she remained preoccupied as she stepped into the shiplift.

XIU-LI
She regained awareness and then opened her eyes. Space, that had been something... but she was going to be in so much trouble... 
Niv didn’t like to snuggle. Episodes of telempathy via body contact made snuggling a thing of the days pre-Helix’s Change for most Niv, lost in the transition to Rational Living. Even during sex the contact was limited to actual, highly passionate sex – more “mindless passion” than “romance and foreplay,” and not much snuggling between those sleeping together. Only certain Niv couples had managed to achieve the ancient art of snuggling. 
It had been noted that Niv who trained with Corvel’s Tube Cats had a much higher tactile tolerance (and stronger “filters” against tactile mind touch) due to the casual contact nature of a Corvel’s Tube Cat. (Xiu-Li had learned all this gently from Aria, who had been game to try, with mixed results – post-sex worked, but those times they had actually spent an entire night together, they had usually fallen asleep together and then moved apart overnight).
Well, if Xiu-Li was going to be in trouble, this was a pretty nice way to start the day. And in trouble for... what? I mean... ?
The slender body entwined with hers – secure within her arms.
What happened last night? Xiu-Li had mentioned meditating, Priti had followed up. Xiu-Li, wanting to show off, had entered into her Deep Image Meditation on the Beach – the one she’d worked on with Aria...

[ Something was wrong. They were lying on a beach, in the sand.
Really! A real beach – real sand!
In a meditation?
“I... How are we...”
Priti smiled. “A gift for a hero. We thought you might like this.”
“Oh, yes – you and your Cat.” It was curled at Priti’s feet.
Priti looked alarmed. “You will not tell anyone?”
“Relax. Just so it’s back when Doctor Truhart checks.” But it was staggering to see the Cat had gotten out and back, several times over. That would be impossible without... Wait, this was a meditation, their bodies were on WHEELER… Right?
She felt fur rub her ankle. The Tube Cat was rubbing her, and she picked it up. It was about a third of a meter long, surprisingly heavy, and it started rumbling immediately. “You are the first human Cat has ever liked,” said Priti. “But Cat has only met two others. One of them did not like Cats at all, so that was a mutual rejection.”
“The Cat is not the sole reason we’re here.”
“No. You are capable of attaining Niv Deep Image Meditation contact. Your range is this island, which means all energy is being channeled into one set of meditative construct memes. Those have become energized and especially vivid, and they will become self-perpetuating.”
Xiu-Li shivered with joy. “I will keep this?”
“Yes. And it can be shared with others – as we are doing now.” Priti watched the expressions range across Xiu-Li’s face, usually so relaxed and unperturbed. “Repeated meditative exercise will, of course, improve ability and range. As will continued contact with the meditative environment.”
Xiu-Li looked at Priti. “You are very thoughtful.”
Priti smiled. “I am... Well studied.” She looked down. “Perhaps in a few years, we will meet again and say hello under different conditions.” Her eyes rose and caught Xiu-Li.
Xiu-Li blushed, and giggled. “You know, I can honestly say that nothing would make me happier right now, Priti. I don’t have a clue what’s going on with me these days.” A great weight lifted from her.
Priti smiled. “I’m honored, my sister from space.”
Xiu-Li frowned. “Are you calling me a space sister?” She was teasing.
“Well, that is hardly a centered or rational statement,” said Priti, affecting severity. “Actually, I have heard the human expression is, ‘if you want to say you are, then I guess you are.’”
Xiu-Li grinned. “Just how ‘advanced’ is this meditation we’re sharing here?”
“What test of it do you propose?”
“I propose a three point light contact sparring match to see if I’m a space sister or if you are for calling me one.”
Priti frowned. “Perhaps I could just apologize?”
Xiu-Li grinned again. “Why? Are you chicken?”
Priti looked mystified. “Who is ‘Chicken’? Have I met them?”
Xiu-Li shrugged. “Actually, I’m curious about your martial art system and this illusion. ‘Chicken’ is a flightless meat bird and what Sol humans call others they believe are afraid. It’s a taunt, and I was teasing you in this situation.”
Priti frowned. “Teasing me – in what way?”
“Affectionately, as a friend might. I suppose more formally I would’ve said: ‘Priti, would you practice martial arts sparring with me in a three point light contact match?’ Instead, I approached it more lightly.”
Priti nodded seriously. “Thank you for explaining, as I at first thought you were using the meat bird definition – irrational, but it was entirely as outlandish as your other explanation, which is risible and unworthy of a response, unless it is an ass handing you want.”
“An... An ‘ass handing’?” Now Xiu-Li was mystified.
“Yes, when someone ‘hands your ass to you’ after kicking it.”
Xiu-Li grinned. “That would just be an ‘ass kicking’ then. The other term is something sexual. Be careful how and when you use them as one’s for fun and the other gets trouble.” She flexed her fingers. “So, the girl from Niv thinks she can kick my ass?”
“Barehanded? Well, yes, I do!”
“Three point match, light contact sparring.”
Priti stood up. “I warn you now, I am an advanced student.”
“Yeah, I know, we’re both killers here. Now shut up and spar!”
Priti started to move around. “Why are you doing this?”
“I’m curious about this environment and your martial arts skill. We’ve got a moment here for me to learn about both, so why not? It’ll be a help in the future.” Xiu-Li looked concerned. “You don’t practice to kill, right? You also do things like sparring?”
Priti grinned – proudly, eyes glittering. “My mother taught me how to fight. Three points, light contact.”
Xiu-Li giggled and darted in with a punch – retreating in time to see the clawing try for a grabbing take-down – followed by a spinning kick that sailed over her head as she crouched and then countered with a kick to Priti’s ribs that connected just enough to send her back. “One.”
Priti laughed. “Very refreshing.”
Xiu-Li nodded. “Thought so.”
Priti jumped with a punch – 
Xiu-Li dodged and countered – 
Priti tried to sweep her legs – 
Xiu-Li slapped the side of Priti’s head, just lightly. “Two.”
Priti took a deep breath. “That was impressive.”
“Thank you.”
“You could have killed me, had that been a punch.”
“Perhaps.”
“I am willing to resign.”
“Instead, see if you can come back. If you can’t get me with controlled fatal shots, I’ll only have to work harder in training you.”
Sure enough, Priti got in a nice crescent kick to sweep the arms away from Xiu-Li’s torso for a following sidekick and punch combo.
“One,” said Xiu-Li. She dodged the next flurry and tried a counter – meditation or not, this was tiring. 
The ridge hand that hit her chest was startling (especially the sensations across her breasts) but counted, and had fatal potential. “Two – that was a very good shot.”
Now they were even again and down to one point. They circled, each thinking over tactics. Both had gotten points from defense and offense, so which to try for the last clash?
Xiu-Li launches herself forward, behind a punch – 
Oh that old move, thinks Priti, stepping back, turning to throw a spinning backfist – Where is she?
– the punch curves down as Xiu-Li puts her hand on the ground, pivots as she helicopter kicks–
Priti stumbles back, just out of range, now off balance –
– Xiu-Li lands on her feet and springs low – 
Priti feels the thump on her tummy as Xiu-Li passes her, and rolls up just out of range, ready to counter. “Three. This space sister just kicked your ass.”
Priti nodded. “Yes. But after you gave me a second chance, it was closer.”
“Yes, closer than it should have been.” Xiu-Li grinned. “My mother taught me too, and I think she’d be angry with me.” She laughed. “Well, this is very nice. I thank you for your wonderful present.”
Priti beamed with pleasure. “You are most welcome. Would you like to take a swim now?”
“Oh, Space, can I?” yelled Xiu-Li... ]

Xiu-Li took a shaky breath – there had been a swim, but... No sex, thank Space! – no, a meditation on her Island as Xiu-Li had never experienced before... Enhanced by the Corvel’s Tube Cat she had found curled between them when she awoke at last, eyes wide with wonder.
The dream/meditation... So real she thought there was sand between her toes even now. Xiu-Li had a good visual memory and imagination, but this was so unbelievably vivid! The “island” had always existed with her eyes closed when Xiu-Li went there, except with Aria... 
Except with Aria! Meditating with Niv had boosted Xiu-Li’s ability to visualize the meditation. She saw her “island” with her eyes “open” during those times, all the colors and sensations actually visible, not just “seen through closed lids” in her head. Last night though... No, she had been there, they had walked on a beach and gone swimming! She had laughed, seeing Priti jump like a dolphin as her sleek furry Corvel’s Ceti Tube Cat flashed alongside, happy as a sea otter.
Xiu-Li looked at the Cat. The eyes opened, and it looked like – Ooops! Now how could a cat faced sausage with legs radiate embarrassment? But the eyes and face weren’t scared at all.
Xiu-Li smiled. Relax, little one. Thank you. It purred, went back to snoozing.
Since Xiu-Li had been relieved from watch duties for thirty six hours – minus ten and counting – there were only “special duties” for her today, like drawing Priti’s new gear from the quartermaster, taking her on a tour of the ship, and meeting with Aria to set up Priti’s educational sessions. But they had all day for that, and it was only 0720. They had to report to the mess by 0900 (she usually made it by 0630 and went to her 0730 watch station 15 to 30 minutes early on a normal day – so they had really slept in, and it had been needed by both of them).
Xiu-Li looked at Priti and thought about the day ahead for them on the ship – not a bad day, but if one could choose to be anywhere in the universe then where might – how about – hmm, I wonder, what if we were on the beach, and...

[ In a moment, they are on her beach, a hot sun high overhead. 
Priti rolls over and stretches. “You are extremely creative. Do you never stop?”
“Just checking. It’s time to wake up.” ]

And they were back in Priti’s quarters, lying on Xiu-Li’s bed, a Corvel’s Tube Cat purring away between them. 
Xiu-Li slid off the end of her bed. “I’m sorry, kitty, we can’t spar right now...” 
Priti gave her a ‘sad kitty’ look. 
Xiu-Li smiled. “But thanks.”
Priti brightened instantly and bounced out of bed. “You have achieved a fantastic degree of control, Xiu-Li.”
Xiu-Li nodded. “Thanks. I have had two exceptional teachers. In fact –” She stepped to the comm panel. “Ensign Chen for Chief Engineer Threnody.”
It took thirty seconds. “Threnody.”
“Ensign Chen seeking teaching session update for schedule planning purposes.” Priti turned toward the water room.
“Please meet me on the bridge at 1330.” There was a pause.
“There have been no significant problems, if the Captain inquires,” said Xiu-Li. Everything’s okay so far.
“Thank you, I will inform him.” Aria sounded distinctly relieved. “Please inform Priti that we are on a return mission to the system as there is evidence NSS KOLTAAR did not explode after we left.” 
That’s news that can wait for during breakfast! “Aye, m’am.” For the moment, she headed toward the water room.

ARIA
What is wrong with me? Aria carefully straightened in her chair. They were almost halfway to the system, running smoothly. She was entering the last parts of a self-study tutorial using all their available databases – a task she’d been doing on the bridge for the past three hours, when she wasn’t trying to scan the system ahead, or thinking about search patterns... Nothing her Niv disciplines couldn’t handle, even on such little sleep.
Maybe she needed the same exercises she had designed for Priti; well, it was fortunate no one else could teach her the Second Meditation. Aria would need to find some safe “blades” to use; it would be some time before Priti could use a real blade safely in the form.
Xiu-Li would be fascinated by such a display... Niv women with flashing blades... Mmm, that thought has excited me! Do I... I want to impress Xiu-Li... I am competing with Priti! – despite the Sisterhood... despite being Niv! The thoughts turned over as Aria reviewed the Movements of the Second Meditation in mind. She took a deep breath. There would be much to do before they reached the system – and even more to do once they did. 
Her path was clear – she would borrow a blade and demonstrate the Meditation for them both, showing off to Xiu-Li the truth of her own past. She would remind Xiu-Li of the talents and qualities she had, the very ones Xiu-Li had often whispered her admiration of... What is WRONG with me?
At 1315 Xiu-Li hailed her. “Confirmation of appointment location and time, m’am.” Aria’s lip curled in amusement and admiration. She’s a good officer, thinks options out for her seniors in advance. 
Aria looked over at Matisou, who was waiting for a response to his message reversing their course and changing the rendezvous. He and Takaguchi had been trying to figure out what their best approach to this possible problem would be, and he was in an irritable mood. 
“Change in location, Ensign Chen: please report to your shuttleRunner station with my student for a briefing and physical training session.” This was a chance to be neither third officer nor engineer, but still assist their mission. Xiu-Li’s station ready area was not otherwise used and had room to lecture, and it was close to both hangar and gym – each with room to teach Priti the Movements.
Matisou looked over. “Tactical mission meeting at sixteen thirty.” He managed a grin. “Good luck in the classroom.”
Aria found Priti as attentive and quick as she expected. Priti followed the orientation to the syllabus and accessing the compuSys to study and asked few questions. Xiu-Li looked tired, gave Aria a wan smile and started to check the gear lockers, unable to resist doing work. It did not take long to establish a syllabus Priti would study until further notice, with one hour per day to be spent with Aria (thirty minutes mind, thirty minutes body). 
Aria looked up when Xiu-Li returned from checking the hall gear lockers. “I believe it is time to teach the physical body.” Aria started taking off her uniform. “We have to be out by 1500 today – Maintenance and engineering will start their pre-flighting of the shuttleRunners so they will be ready before we arrive in the system. Now, however, I would like to demonstrate the Second Meditation to you, as it is this Meditation you will be working on during your stay.” Aria was wearing a sport bra and gym shorts under her duty uniform, and there was something about her poise and matter-of-fact confidence and beauty that seemed to impress them both – especially Xiu-Li, whose expression seemed to speed and warm up Aria’s blood “for some reason.” By pupil dilation alone, Xiu-Li was enthralled.
Priti had watched Aria with silent intensity but fairly radiated excitement when the Second Meditation was named. “Th-thank you, Aria. It is an honor to learn it from you, if I am able.” She quickly stripped down to the gym shorts and crew tee (one of Xiu-Li’s) under her own uniform.

XIU-LI
In the light of a new morning, and breakfast, the day before – and its evening – were especially dreamlike. Her healing left arm vaguely ached and felt weak, which was normal. People nodded to them as they just about made the end of morning mess. Priti asked some questions about foodstuff sources and continued to choose widely. Xiu-Li had a cheese omelet with beefbacon and some buttered toast, but she always ate heavily after an action. Chef smiled on those who served with honor and Xiu-Li ate very well.
After a proper breakfast they went to Medical for general clearances, then to the quartermaster for Priti’s set of uniforms and crew stores. Then back to sort and store. Lunch introduced Priti to “cesar salad” and then it was time to meet Aria. 
Xiu-Li checked over her own gear, taking advantage of the thirty minutes the two Niv spent going over Aria’s syllabus and the access code Priti would be using to enter the compuSys and work in the databases. Xiu-Li was “off duty,” but the service could make demands at any moment and so it was best to be forever ready. 
She could hear them murmuring in the ready room while she checked the hallwall gear locker just outside, and she was glad for the break. Her head needed some space to process Priti and the night just past – one of the most incredible nights of her life (going swimming in some sort of virtual meditation?)… Yet it was Aria that Xiu-Li was missing – Aria who Xiu-Li wished she could talk to about this. 
At least there were these routines to occupy her mind for a while... But was it really possible she had an Island like that in her head now? By the time Xiu-Li finished her check-out and walked back in, they had finished creating the syllabus and it was time for some physical education in meditation. Aria led Priti into the shuttleRunner hangar and Xiu-Li followed behind them.
Aria turned and faced them, and they fell into a line of two, as if in martial arts class.
Aria bowed; they bowed. 
Aria looked at Xiu-Li, who bowed again, then asked, “May I observe, m’am?” 
“Yes, Xiu-Li. Perhaps in a future session you might demonstrate one of your own forms.” She smiled.
“Yes, m’am.” Xiu-Li smiled shyly, walked over to the near wall and sat down crosslegged.
Aria faced Priti. “You know the Codicil.”
“I do.”
“We prepare but do not seek,” said Aria.
“We do not seek but we prepare,” replied Priti.
“I teach but do not direct.”
“What I learn, I must choose to use.”
Aria looked directly in Priti’s eyes. “Yes.” 
There was a silence, a silence that began to stretch, and stretch... Abruptly, Aria stepped back, as did Priti, both at attention.
Aria closed her eyes, took three deep, slow breaths and then opened her eyes, face serene. She raised her right hand – she had a Space Fleet Tactical Division issue knife in it. She rotated, drawing a big circle in the air around her, then executed a reverse backflip that drew a circle on a vertical axis through it.
Her landing was the spring point for a full two minutes of the most unbelievable series of moves Xiu-Li had ever seen in gravity. There were some traditional Chinese acrobats and a few other Wu-Wei Do practitioners who came close (which made sense, as their moves had been adapted by the Niv and modified for muscle strength and reflex speeds at two or three times the original human creators).
It was beautiful. And Aria Threnody, doing it, was beautiful. Xiu-Li knew that Aria knew it, was actually showing off, and felt herself flush, feeling quite flattered. And the way Aria caught her eye told Xiu-Li that her Niv friend knew that now as well. The combinations of twists and rolls, punches, blocks, blade slashes and thrusts, linked and flowing, exploding and resolving like water splashing loose and rejoining together...
It was beautiful. Deadly, but beautiful. Wow.

ARIA
Her skin tingled as she rubbed it dry. They had showered in silence after the work-out, using the double shower in the ready-room area.
“Gross lifesigns might not tell you where they are,” said Priti, sliding the fleet-issue underwear up her legs. They were discussing how to find the missing Niv children.
“Conceeded. State your proposal.”
“I have met these children and have a degree of neural bonding with them. I must go to get them.”
Aria zipped her uniform up and paused. “That is... Intriguing. The irrational flaw lies in convincing Captain Matisou to let you risk your life.”
“I will be able to sense them, and I know they will come to me!” 
Most Niv would try to calm their face and aura, thought Aria, but Priti’s intense, forceful glare continued. She still had arms and legs like sticks, but she now looked both older and sleeker. “And if permission is denied?” asked Aria.
Given a question to answer, Priti’s face again calmed. “I will meet the shuttleRunner and assist Doctor Truhart to the best of my abilities.” She resumed dressing. A certain stiffness in her gestures still indicated what course of action she had concluded as the most rational use of limited resources.
Aria arched an eyebrow. “I will present your proposal and its argument to the Captain.”
Matisou didn’t like it. She presented it quietly, just before the tactical meeting; Aria apologized for bringing it up so late. “Captain, she has requested it as a point of honor. This step... Elevates her request.”
He shook his head stubbornly. “They were about to – If they did that to me or my –” He broke off and took a deep breath. “If she gets hurt or killed, what would the Niv say? Would her death make problems for the IWG from Niv?” Matisou was pained; thinking of how he would feel in Priti’s situation had made him start to look for new solutions. “Look, I already know I’d catch hell from the IWG – but that’s my problem. There are other factors bigger than us here; risking ‘the daughter of science’ might cause problems with Niv-Human diplomatic relations. Why do that if I can just send Jason and you, and a Tactical Team, and avoid the problem?”
“Niv will not find excessive fault in either her request, or in granting it. In any event, I do not know if I am capable of doing what she proposes.”
“Could it work?”
“It is... Possible. But it requires previous interactions.” Aria looked at him. “I have never met these two children. Further, they have been traumatized by violence and, at their age could be quite, mmm... Feral.”
“Feral?”
“Yes, sir. It means they –”
“I do know what feral means, Lieutenant Commander.” Matisou exhaled. “Eccentric Niv, feral Niv – and I just thought I had problems with smug, moody Niv!” He held up his hands. “Okay. Takaguchi, you, and Priti, for now – let’s see how many lifesigns we pick up, and exactly where they are before we finalize anything.”
“You did not mention Ensign Chen.”
He shook his head. “She’s on sick leave – it’s one thing keeping an eye on the kid here on WHEELER, another doing it on a mission. No, Lieutenant Commander Threnody – I’m afraid you are bodyguarding the ‘Daughter of Science’ on this mission. But I think Chen could learn something from a tactical planning session like this, so please ask her to the meeting, okay?”
“Aye, sir.”
Xiu-Li didn’t like it either, but only a brief frown rippled her face before she said, “Aye, m’am.” They were in Xiu-Li’s quarters, where she was getting a change of clothes to bring next door. 
It was very hard not to respond to such discipline of thought; Aria smiled, cleared her throat. “Well, let’s not keep the Captain waiting,” she said, motioning. “He thought you might benefit from observing the tactical planning meeting. Priti will work in her quarters until you return.”
“A-Aye, M’am!” Xiu-Li’s look of surprise and pleasure gave Aria unseemly satisfaction.

XIU-LI
Takaguchi and Matisou were working as they had been for several hours, discussing strategies and tactics and waiting for clear data they could plan for. Would they have to search a ship, platform or ground base? 
Trying to stop, board and search a hostile spaceship was virtually impossible without surprise and a disabling attack; hitting it to stop it without totally destroying it was also nearly luck. A platform, base or asteroid habitat was “stationary,” but could be waiting and be prepared; in those cases, there might be return fire as well.
A ground base alone meant the captors and prisoners were not on a ship, they were not using ship supplies (the ground base would supply itself from the land around it), and if the area was desolate (or in the case of HD-19373, devoid of other human life altogether), then there was nowhere to escape to. As they had learned on Cape Of Velvet this past January, a ground base could be taken. But this was different; these were skilled and ruthless criminals. They would kill without hesitation, so the plan required speed and precision and the correct amount of force. Lieutenant Kimonetti and Ensign Phil Knight were there – they would be the Tac team first and second squad leaders. This was not a seat-of-the-pants improvisation, and Xiu-Li’s stomach tightened; it would be a big operation.
Matisou looked at them. “We’ll have to do a blink and wink. The databall we left there ran out of juice, so we’ll drop a new one and take a short look before transiting back in hyper to a Norclip point.” He looked at Xiu-Li. “Ensign Chen. For what length of time should we blink?”
“No longer than the span of Standard Unit light time, sir,” Xiu-Li replied promptly. “The ratio of five hundred light seconds per standard unit distance from the target.” 
It was a measure of distance based on the ancient “astronomical unit” (the distance between Earth and Sun) and it was the length of time it took light to travel it. Coming out of hyperflight at one unit from a target for less than eight minutes meant no one 8.3 light minutes away would be able to see them before they vanished again (into hyperflight). It meant the signals and physical evidence of their passage were time limited, harder to detect, and easier to miss altogether: a streak out there, if even that, especially at the longer distances.
Matisou nodded. “Our primary concern at blink point?”
“Databall positioning and any other physical pre-prepared far distance objects, sir. We won’t get much more on our ship scans than they might, but our ‘wink’ results will follow us on hypercomm.” Xiu-Li swallowed. “Gear placement and positioning is the actual limiting minimum time of a blink.”
Matisou nodded. He looked at Knight. “You may have to do some hurting, Ensign Knight. This is a large field we’re covering.” He gave the room a look. “Commander Takaguchi is going double or nothing on a kilo of exotic decaff that they are fully ground based. I think they are in an asteroid or ship, something more mobile than a planet. Our job is to be ready for all three, although there isn’t too much we can really plan ahead for.” He looked at Takaguchi. “Jason?”
“If it’s a ship, we probably quit, drop back and follow, monitor, and wait for back-up, which will be meeting us here soon. If it’s base, we make slow haste, sizing it up before deciding a play. If it’s on the ground, we get down, and take a little look around.” Takaguchi smiled grimly. “Go for a walk and talk, if not an outright takedown.”
“Very nice.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Matisou looked at Kimonetti. “You have a SquadRunner roster ready, Lucas?”
“Aye, sir.” He tapped his DPaT and the Captain’s DPaT chirped acceptance of the list, which also went to his desktop unit. Matisou studied it and nodded. 
Matisou looked around the room. “We’ll be arriving shortly. Our response timings depend on what we find, or we’ll all meet again at 2000 for a P.M. Divisions to update. Any questions?”
None were forthcoming, and they adjourned.

MATISOU
IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER dropped out of hyperflight for four minutes and eight seconds, a half Standard Unit below the plane of the ecliptic by design and about half an SU from “19-3-73,” which was what they were calling the planet this time, as if it was a combination or entry code.
It took only eighty seconds to get all of the databall and other gear updated and then deployed from the ship – a fascinated Priti watched as Xiu-Li Chen got the TacHawk package going. Seeing them enter the Tac Bay with five minutes to go, Takaguchi had shaken his head and muttered about hoping Truhart or the Captain didn’t stop by in the next six minutes, and then gratefully scrambled out of the drop operator seat so Xiu-Li could take over its launch, and he could monitor all of the others.
WHEELER re-entered hyperflight, moving to a point above the plane of the ecliptic five SU (about 42 light minutes) “north” of the star’s northern pole, emerging on a stationkeeping track. The databalls and other drone remotes left they behind were following whatever ops they had been tasked for, one of them going in on a single-use hyper G MirMat drive to a much closer position (a databall ‘bot took the risk of pushing 45-50 Gs worth of velocity, successfully in this case) as others used conventional MirMat to move in more slowly. Some just floated there, already looking and listening.
They found KOLTAAR in orbit around the moon near the planet now being called 19373. “We’ve been there before,” said Matisou. He looked over at Tactical and Takaguchi, then Science Officer Speeter. “Any ships or structures out there?”
A critical question, and one answerable only as a percentage guesstimate. Sensors and scanners were subject to basic laws of physics, so the ranges and times to detect things visibly or through other energy disturbance measurement were “restricted.”
It took forty two minutes for light to reach them from the star (or any ships, platforms or camps in the system orbiting the star) in realspace, or for a ship sensor (radar, as an example) to reach a target in the system. All of their “real time” sensing was being done from the remotes closer in, and even at their closer distances they still had physics restrictions. 
They would deep radar 19373’s moon while the Belt remotes would use optics and radio to look for either outer belt base chatter or movement, especially movement toward the inner system (and hypercomm that data immediately) – but it was a big system, with plenty of places to hide a really sneaky base. As long as they were operating, new data would be coming in. At any moment something might come up... 
On the other hand, the ship itself was safely away, and detecting it was also subject to the restrictions of realspace physics. WHEELER was a tiny, motionless dot to anyone looking above the star’s north pole, and it was a dot whose light would not reach their eyes or telescope or detector for another forty minutes by the ops clock.
Lieutenant Harmony Speeter began sifting through the reports coming in from her science analysts. Ships usually “leaked” all sorts of signals, but asteroid and platform bases could be shielded over time, and those required deep radar to look for habitat spaces, or the shielding which gave away its gross presence might prevent futher probing. The process took time, so they clearchecked the moon and worked their way out from the planet from one direction while the Belt units were already scanning rock after rock on autoprogram.
After about fifteen minutes they had checked enough for Speeter to give their first guesstimate: There were no ships or loose structures (platforms), no radio or other signal activity in the system, just NSS KOLTAAR – without an atmosphere, probably awaiting final engine compartment stripping. 
No radio or signal traffic on the planet, either. Takaguchi was watching the planetary observer scans, looking for a camp of some type. The absence of radio traffic made it more difficult. What if they had just parked KOLTAAR and taken off? It might be an empty system.
“Captain – MirMat disturbance trail, exiting the system – decay spread corresponds to an hour ago,” called out Lieutenant Speeter from the science station. “It extends out to a practical jump point.” 
Takaguchi scowled at that news.
Matisou rubbed his face as he processed her information. He looked at Takaguchi. “It would be nice to know how far out they were going, and when they’ll be back... still...” Matisou grinned. “Okay, Mister Debitts, let’s jump to our mission initiation point and get this going.”
“Aye, sir.”
Matisou looked at Speeter. “Shout if you get any anomaly or a hint of any shimmers, Harmony. We’ll sustain the jump if it looks odd.”
“Aye, sir. Science station ready.”
He nodded, and looked at Tactical. “You too, Tak.”
The bridge and engineering alerts blipped. 
“Hyperjump,” said Debitts. 
It took just under two seconds to cover the distance, which was five times the distance from Earth to Sun, or about the distance from the Earth to Jupiter when their orbits were “close.” Hypercomm kept the data coming in from the active probes during hyperflight, and Takaguchi blinked, frowned... 
“What?” asked Matisou.
“Realspace in five, four, three, two, one. Back,” said Debitts. “On station at M.I.P. and following profile.”
“Thanks, Enronn,” said Matisou absently, distracted by the look on Takaguchi’s face. “What?”
“Heat bloom, sir... A great big square one.” The first officer grinned. “Somebody’s down there.”

XIU-LI
They were in the library, monitoring the science net and using it to deduce the tactical situation when Priti gasped, grabbed Xiu-Li by the arm, and squeezed. “They –” she started, then stiffened. “Oh!”
Xiu-Li reached out and put an arm around the young Niv. “I’m here, Priti. You’re safe on WHEELER with me.” She could see that Priti was elsewhere, her Niv mind now seeing other things... Priti growled. Xiu-Li shivered…
That little shiver seemed to ripple through the state Priti had tranced into. She shook herself and took a deep, gasping breath. “They – they’ve just killed the one who... Who killed my mother!” She looked at Xiu-Li in bewilderment. “They set the guard building on fire!” They both looked at the thermal imaging scan and saw the bridge was now specifically honing in on the square heat bloom that was so clearly artificial in nature. Priti looked at Xiu-Li. “I guess we know where we’re going now.”
Xiu-Li was wondering how Priti had known what was going on down there on the ground, and who “they” were. “Ah, I think you and Aria will be going with Commander Takaguchi.”
Priti tilted her head a moment, then shook it. “I don’t think so.”
“What?”

MATISOU
“Bridge, engineering.”
“Matisou.”
“I need a staffing opinion from you, sir,” said Chief Engineer Aria Threnody.
“Okay, on my way,” said Matisou, casually enough. “Mister Debitts, you have the bridge.” The captain stood up. “I’d like some coffee anyway.”
“Aye, sir.” Smoothly enough.
Matisou waited for the shiplift. He’d been on a ship once, there had been a mechanical problem with the drive, and the numeric code for that was used to pass the information on, which meant thirty minutes of crew fear and trepidation for a minor intermittent maneuvering thruster problem (technically it was part of “the drive.”) Matisou had decided then there were better ways to handle sensitive information about anxiety provoking things like starship drive problems until he could assess the problem (or they blew up while he was on his way there – which was supposed to be painless, given the amount of antimatter that would be annihilating uncontrollably in that particular scenario). 
For this year, they had decided that Aria Threnody “needing a staffing opinion” was the sort of thing that sounded sensible enough to cover the fact that something was wrong with the ship’s drives. He found Threnody and Lobo scowling at the hyperflight board. 
Threnody looked up. “The pre-flight won’t clearcheck for next jump. I think we’ve just about got it down to this jump-chip, and just have to clear it from the chamber.” She exhaled. “I think an hour should do it.”
“Good.” He nodded. “You’re off the land operation. Sorry, Aria.”
Threnody had been so lost in her ship she’d forgotten all about the rescue mission. Now she frowned, looking serious. “Aye, sir.”
He looked at Lobo. “In your absence, Chief, I believe we will need Mister Lobo in his capacity as Engineering Quick Response Team B leader. Can we spare him safely, or is there someone else to send?”
Threnody grinned. “No to both questions, sir, but as I can’t go, I need a challenge to keep me occupied and my new lieutenants busy. We’ll have to make do without him.” She looked at him. “Good luck, Lone Wolf.”
Lobo saluted. “Thank you, m’am.” He turned to Matisou. “My instructions, sir?”
“Ground uniform. Expect reinforced barriers, buildings, sensors, and possible hard emplacements… At least one building’s on fire, so it might even be firefighting. You’re piloting Runner One on the command team, with Commander Takaguchi.” Matisou saluted. “Get going.”
Lobo’s face lit up and he grinned, saluting. “Aye, sir!”
Matisou looked at Threnody, who had already gone back to her screens. “You’re sure this is just a chip glitch?” Any tactical operation from which they could not escape into hyperflight would be very dangerous to start.
Threnody nodded. “Ninety five percent.”
“Jason will make sure Priti does okay down there.”
She nodded again. “I know, sir.”
“You certain you don’t need Lobo here to help?”
Threnody looked at him. “I think both Taz’ri’an and Luna will do fine, sir. It’s a good little task for them with me watching, and I think Lobo needs some field experience.” She nodded. “Just a chip glitch, sir. We’ve got all other drives and power.”
Matisou straightened and grinned. “Sorry, Aria. Just fretting.” He saluted. “Thanks. Carry on, Chief.”
“Aye, sir.”

PRITI
In the event, Priti herself spoke with the Captain.
It was in the runner docking bay. He came down to wish them all well, and Priti took him to one side. “Please permit Ensign Chen to continue as my escorting bodyguard.”
He frowned slightly. “She is on medical leave.”
“Although I trust Commander Takaguchi, Ensign Chen has already proven her skill.”
“I don’t doubt that.” The frown went away.
“Captain, please –” and she smiled at him! Matisou looked dumbstruck as Priti continued: “She has volunteered, and both of us know she is quite fit enough for this task. These children are acutely sensitive. To gain their trust, I must completely trust others. Although I do trust Commander Takaguchi, we need one more person with us, and a female would be least threatening to the children, as Lieutenant Commander Threnody is unavailable.”
The impact of a smile – Matisou was quite dazzled by her and looked over at Takaguchi. The Commander was impassive, amused, and curious what Matisou would do next: he was immune to that charm in general, but... Takaguchi looked at Priti and smiled as Matisou stepped over to the comm panel. “Bridge, Matisou; tactical station, Ensign Chen.”
“Tactical station – Aye, Sir!”
“Please report to the docking bay. Field gear.”
“Uhh – Aye, Sir!!” Xiu-Li appeared eight minutes later, zipping her field uniform shut as she entered the bay. Priti felt her stomach flip slowly when she saw Xiu-Li stride through the door and come to attention. 
Matisou nodded his head. “No false pride here, Ensign – are you fit for this mission?”
“Yes, sir. I formally volunteer to continue acting as Priti’s Tactical guide.”
He sighed. “Very well then, Ensign Chen. Proceed.” He watched as Xiu-Li checked the locator and other gear on Priti’s uniform, and then looked over at Takaguchi. “We’ll keep an eye and ear out. Keep us well informed, and don’t take silly chances, Tak.”
“Aye, sir.”
Now Matisou looked at Xiu-Li. “Ensign Chen – I expect you to keep our guest from taking chances as well, and I would hope –” (this last was directed at Priti) “– no guests will subject my personnel to excessive risks.”
Priti paused and gave Matisou a rather cool look, just that one second to jog his memory who was a Niv here (as if it were even possible to act so irrationally as to risk others!) then looked down. “I understand, Captain.” She looked back up. “My great thanks for your consideration.” He raised an eyebrow and nodded his head – in a way not unlike Threnody would, looking quite wise and knowing. Priti felt Xiu-Li tighten a cinch strap and step away.
Matisou looked at Takaguchi and nodded his head.
Takaguchi looked at Kimonetti. 
“OPS CREW –‘TENSION!!” screamed the intense tactical officer, and the bay clacked with feet coming together before silence settled. Kimonetti gave them a rather baleful glare and faced forward. “Team present, Commander.”
Takaguchi turned and saluted Matisou. “Mission team ready and available, sir.”
Matisou nodded gravely. “Cleared to depart, Commander Takaguchi.”
“Aye, Captain Matisou.” They saluted. Takaguchi nodded. “Let’s get going, folks.” The crews quickly filed into their designated Runner ships. 
Xiu-Li and Priti followed Takaguchi toward Runner One. A dour young man joined them – “Hey, Phil,” said Xiu-Li, introducing comm officer Ensign Phillip Drury to her. He looked worried, and pale.
They stepped through the hatch. “Okay, Lone Wolf, about two minutes,” Takaguchi called out as he cycled the hatch shut.
Priti saw Xiu-Li flinch. Interesting... 
Takaguchi looked around. “Xiu-Li, you take right seat for ship comms and nav during the fly in... Watch how Lobo does it, see how it compares to the sims. Priti – buckle in, but I’ll need your help once we’re on our way. Phil – just buckle in, son, and keep a bag nearby, unless that’s your usual color.”
“Th-thank you, s-sir,” said Drury.
Priti had grabbed a seat where she could see the cockpit and watch them enter the atmosphere. 
Lieutenant Lobo was in the pilot seat – he was a good looking young male with a relaxed, confident deep pool of center. He flew smoothly, with a light touch, focus, and was still able to listen to comms and ask questions. He didn’t appear to object to Xiu-Li watching him fly (in fact, Lobo rather welcomed both her company and attention, it seemed to Priti; and Xiu-Li was looking a bit flushed). Lobo was also the team’s “Tac engineer” and the two exchanged some nervous humor about the hackbreaking of doors and hatches.
Xiu-Li now turned in her seat and gave Priti a thumbs up and smile.
If you felt that way, you wouldn’t be talking to him – Priti looked down at her new DPaT, heart pounding. Helix! What was that?! Xiu-Li is performing comms duties – she must talk with Lieutenant Lobo, who happens to look... Really good, flying there... What strange things to think!
Takaguchi leaned over. “In five minutes, we’ll make sure the mission kit bags back in the gearhold are all carrying what they’re supposed to. Are you feeling okay?”
“Yes. Why do you ask? Do I seem ill?”
Takaguchi grinned. “Well, you look okay, but Captain Matisou will want to know if I actually asked you, so I asked.”
Priti blushed. “I am somewhat in awe of this effort.” She felt her blush deepen. It was such a fascinating exercise in team deployment that she didn’t know what to say. She did not want to spoil it by telling them none of it was needed, and they would either have no problems at all, or a problem that could easily kill every single one of them.

XIU-LI
It had taken a few weeks to appreciate the Niv in Aria, who had been around Sol humans for several years and created buffers. It had even taken Xiu-Li a while to see the differences, which most of the time weren’t especially odd or remarkable. Aria was much stronger and had faster reflexes, responses and senses. She could meditate in 3-D (a Niv thing – which I can do now!) and was very, very smart. Whether naturally or by decision Aria “muffled” her more exotic Niv qualities and was regarded admiringly as “a pretty tough geek” but not a freak.
Priti was a pure Niv; she was young, beautiful, exotic, just a bit scary, raised by two “eccentric Niv” (Inquisitive? Differently thinking? Odd?) Xiu-Li knew Niv had advanced neural pathways, capacity, and ways of thinking to take advantage of them. Priti had not only been linked somehow with the Niv children on the planet, she had also been aware of whatever had prevented Aria from going on the operation, and aware of both despite significant distances. And the way her large, dark eyes glittered when she was on the prowl for data... Priti’s demonstration of the First Meditation and first moves on the Second Meditation, blade flashing... She is so fast, but she was rough.
Xiu-Li realized that was it. Aria was both polished, practiced, and had decided to meet Sol humans halfway, then established a structure to do that; Priti was learning, but still restless and raw, stuffed full of facts and her exotic but lonely experiences on Jade, and then on Heart. 
Now Priti was on another adventure, with Sol humans who had rescued her, and... And although she’s a Niv, she’s a kid, and an “adventure” for her might be hazardous to other people’s health – anyone who wasn’t a Niv and wouldn’t move as quickly, be as strong, or think as clearly under pressure as a Niv. Even a teen like Priti would be very “Rational” under pressure, her mind capable of great focus... Right, Xiu-Li; like I’m not half worried what might happen to Wolf, like I’m not distracted by him just sitting there, flying. Like I’m just totally centered (as Wolf is), or totally relaxed and steady (as Commander T is), or merely thrilled (like Priti). Now Xiu-Li half smiled. Well, at least I’m not flightsick like Drury seems to be.
Wolf said, “Right on the path?”
Xiu-Li checked the screen. “Dead center.”
He looked at her, nodded. “Thanks.”
“Sure.” She felt flushed, her half smile gone. 
He looked back to his flight array and keyed their shipcomm. “Air stable in three. Land in twelve.”
“WHEELER, Runner One, land in twelve,” Xiu-Li said into the link to the OpsNet they were using, passing that internal update into the net. 
Back came (-ACKN-), a quicktext from Tania Manda. Then: (-DRURY SICK? HOW IS DREAMBOAT?-)
Xiu-Li looked at Wolf, who couldn’t see that screenlet. She typed a text to send with the next exchange: (-YES / U R BAD / MOCHA L8R.-) And Xiu-Li took a deep breath and relaxed (which was why Tania asked). There was always mocha... And with Aria, and even Lobo. After the mission. She looked back at Priti, who looked at her, then at Lobo, and then down at her new DPaT. 
Fekk! Priti knows something... and I hope that wasn’t her being jealous! Oh, fekk, nobody told me I’d have days like this! It disturbed Xiu-Li that Priti was holding back... Except Priti was a Niv, and they were so “private/secretive” that the whole thing might just be one of their cultural corners Xiu-Li still hadn’t yet earned a look into. 
Xiu-Li was too busy to meditate and link with Priti that way, and it was not like she could discuss something like telempathy or whatever it was Niv were capable of, while in the middle of their landing drill… Let alone bring it up in public, especially if on top of everything else, she’s jealous of Lobo or me or at all, which isn’t rational, but that’s what it looked like to me – sort of a wounded, scared/angry look! And fekk, this is no time to feel flattered! 
For fekk’s sake, Xiu-Li, get another grip here! 
Wolf looked up at the formation board. “Good grouping today.” He checked the forward screen. “Air stable... Windowshields clear.” Lobo looked at her. “Now comes the fun part,” he said, grinning, then he keyed the shipcomm. “Flight operations commencing.”
“WHEELER, Runner One, flight operations commencing,” Xiu-Li relayed, sending her text as well. Keeping her eyes moving between mapscreen and window.
“Acknowledged, Runner One. Stand by for tactical update.”
Lobo peered ahead out the window. “Eight minutes,” he said. He gave her a quick grin. “Lucky fours.”
She grinned back. “WHEELER, Runner One, eight minutes.” (-ACKN-) read the ops text screenlet. She looked at Lobo, pointed to herself, held up four fingers, then two fingers. Four twos.
Wolf laughed. “Beats me.”
Xiu-Li studied the site map, keeping an eye on the approach path map and the view ahead out the window. The final run tactical update would be delivered in the last three or four minutes, so it would be as current as realtime could be.
Takaguchi and Priti returned from the rear section and buckled back into their seats as it came in: “AllComm – This is Captain Matisou for final tactical update. The target structure has burned completely and there are no apparent living heat signatures detected in the area. Nothing else is stirring, either on the planet or in the system.” His voice grew solemn. “This may be a forensics visit, but everybody stay ready to move fast if things change. It’s a big system to hide in, and as we all know too well, we may get visitors at any time around here. Commander Takaguchi, you have ground mission command. Matisou clear.”
Takaguchi keyed in. “Aye, sir. TacNet AllComm, this is Commander Takaguchi. Land and deploy, update for go. Stay in touch. Stay alert. Stay alive.”
“SquadRunner, aye,” replied Kimonetti.
“Runner Two, aye,” replied Lieutenant Day. She headed the medical team in an otherwise empty Runner that served as reserve space for the survivors to travel back in... had there been any.
Xiu-Li looked out the window and saw the smoke. “Smoke –”
“Smoke sighted,” said Lobo at the same time. “Prepare for landing in thirty seconds. Looks smooth my side.”
“Right side clear... Clear... Clear...” THUMP! They were down. On the far side of the smoking camp building the other tactical SquadRunner set down.
“TacNet AllComm,” said Takaguchi. “Squad and One, down and ready.”
“Runner Two steady on station.”
“Matisou, acknowledged. Proceed.”
Takaguchi sighed. “Keep your eyes open, Let’s get started.”

MATISOU
He had made certain to get his coffee and appear fully confident and “just strolling along” on his way back to the bridge. Once in the shiplift Matisou, put his lock-out code in and rode up on slow so he could just take a few deep breaths and re-center himself on his own. 
He had a long love-hate relationship with the planet down there. On his first visit, it had taken five crew including the woman he’d loved (and their dog), and eight of his crew on the second. Nobody was calling the planet “Percy” any longer, and now they were back for the second half of their third visit, with a crewper already injured (and of course, said crewper was already going back into harm’s way). Well... 19373 had also been the site of critical times in the lives and Fleet careers of he and Jason Takaguchi. Surviving and performing well and assisting in bringing almost everyone home was what first officers were supposed to do, and Matisou had done his part on CALIPER.
He’d known Takaguchi since University, over twenty years now, and it was his nature to be hopeful... Matisou did not want his oldest, closest friend to be part of any third group lost on 19373. Matisou took a few more breaths. They have plenty of back-up this time. This should be almost a training exercise... He put the shiplift back in service and straightened as the door opened. 
Matisou walked onto the bridge and sat down in the command chair. The screens showed views from all three Runners and a plot of their approach. The background chatter was just slightly louder, but not urgent. No problems, as expected... He sipped his coffee and nodded.
“Captain,” said Speeter. “High resolution infrared and other scan images do not suggest any living humans or Niv for a twenty four square kilometer area around the burning structure.”
He nodded again as he leaned over to key his comm and give the final tactical update. That meant no one down there had made it, which was deeply unfortunate, but it also meant that no one would be shooting at anybody else. For once.

XIU-LI
When it actually happened, the spear went right through the leg, at least…
Their operation’s first main focus was the camp’s building, and since it had been reduced to a pile of ash, WHEELER’s teams were now all busy with setting up a perimeter and collecting images and samples instead.
Xiu-Li took Priti to one side. “What’s going on?”
“What do you mean?”
Xiu-Li looked at the young Niv, wondering just how defiant a teenaged Niv might actually get. “We’re Sol humans, Priti. Not Niv. People are going to get hurt here.”
Priti looked a bit less truculently confident. “They’re both out there. I have to get them.” She straightened. “You wouldn’t understand.”
“Listen, you little pseudo-Scholar. I understand irrationality, and that’s your whole operating principle here. Knock off the heroic martyrdom and tell me what –” A shout from across the way. Phil Knight had just burned himself on a hot coal, came the TacNet call. Priti frowned, and then there was a scream, this one longer and agonizing. 
Now Priti looked stricken.
It was a pit-trap. Stuart Marsh had dropped through it, and the sharpened wood stakes in the bottom had pierced his feet and legs.
Priti grabbed hold of Xiu-Li’s arm and tugged hard, leading her away from the group now gathered to get Marsh out. “The children are feral,” whispered Priti. “It is what Aria feared. They have reverted. I cannot say if they will see you all as other than enemies, like the captors they killed.”
Whoa! Xiu-Li froze. “Ensign Chen to WHEELER, technical link for Chief Threnody, Tac Q.R.T. priority.” She concentrated on her TacDPaT and the comm protocols, trying not to be angry with Priti.
“Threnody.”
“Feral Niv children, tactical concerns in working with them.” Xiu-Li sighed and finally looked at Priti, who now looked rather miserable. “And in assisting in their recovery.”
“Paleo weapons and tools, adaptations to the local environment.”
“I don’t think there’s time for twisting up ropes.”
“Presume lines, wires, and other items were available in the compound if not on board the ship. Presume they planned this from the moment they regained consciousness. Snares, pit-falls, spiderholes, swinging spike logs, spears, possibly arrows.” Aria sighed. “Good luck, you two.”
“Okay, out.” Xiu-Li put her hand on Priti’s shoulder. “C’mon, kiddo, we better get this moving.”
After listening, Takaguchi looked half convinced. “You’re telling me that after killing all the guards and anyone else in the building they burned down, those two kids are out there setting Stone Age booby traps?”
“Yes, sir,” said Xiu-Li.
“If we didn’t have Marsh down and another pit-fall trap that nearly got Westphal, I’d just start laughing. How old are they again?”
“A ten year old and an eight year old.”
“How would they know this stuff?”
Xiu-Li had wondered that too, but she didn’t want to pressure Priti. It might be impolite to ask, and wasn’t needed to solve the problem. “Sir, I’m fine taking Chief Threnody’s word on this.”
Although still worried, Takaguchi’s face cleared. That was also good enough for him to start tactical planning. He looked at her. “Suggestions?”
Xiu-Li looked around. It was just the three of them, off to one side of the main rally point. She looked at the Niv teen. “We need your help, Priti. Somebody’s going to get badly hurt or even killed because they won’t see a trap ahead, and it’ll get them.”
Priti looked over at her. She was frightened. Xiu-Li took a second and thought of an image of her beach, and the sun on it, and she looked into Priti’s eyes and tried to send that warming sunlight image to her. Xiu-Li then looked at Takaguchi. “Sir, I think we might consider returning most personnel to the Runners, and then Priti can lead a small team through these hazards and talk with the kids.”
Takaguchi seemed to consider this. A shriek sounded from the clearing and Ensign Mary Kiernan went zipping up into a tree, upside down on the end of a snareline. She wasn’t hurt so much as wrenched a bit, mostly shocked to have everything upended like that. Takaguchi watched the ops team respond, took a long, pissed-off deep breath, then looked at Xiu-Li, avoiding eye contact with Priti. “Who do you want? Think about it.” He keyed his comm. “TacNet, all units fall back to Runners. Watch for snares, trip wires and pit-fall traps in the area as you walk, and try to retrace paths you took here.” He keyed off. “Well?” He looked back at Xiu-Li.
“Sir,” said Priti. “They have no interest in escape or our ships, and no weapons they could use on them. The ships are safe for the crew, and needed for our return. I believe the fewer who track, the better.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “Ideally just Ensign Chen and I.” She was confident once more.
Takaguchi turned his head and looked at her. Priti’s eyes went wide, and she paled slightly at the flat coldness in his, her confidence faltering. Priti bowed her head. “I am unused the differences between Niv and Sol human cultures, Commander. I did not brief you adequately. I bear responsibilty for the injuries your crew have received, and I do apologize.” He considered that, now looking at Xiu-Li. 
She looked at Priti, back to Takaguchi, and shrugged. “I’ll take my chances with her anyway, Boss.” Xiu-Li grinned. “It’s only human to give a second chance.”
Priti looked up. Takaguchi caught her eye. “I believe making the best of a second chance is found in both our cultures,” he said gravely.
Priti straightened to attention. “Yes, sir.”
He nodded to her and looked at Xiu-Li. “Get going, Jool. Stay in touch. We all want to get back to the ship as soon as we can.” 
“Aye, sir.”
Priti led the way, with Xiu-Li just creeping along in her wake. “I’m really sorry I didn’t say more,” said Priti. “I got caught up in all of the excitement and acted very irrationally.” 
“Mm-hmm.” 
It was difficult work, keeping up with the Niv girl. She moved with an effortless grace through the trees and brush as they headed toward a valley leading to the river northeast of the building site. There were house sized boulders covered with moss to dodge around (they loomed up through the riot of green leaf stripes like dark green icebergs), thickets to renegotiate, with many hillocks under foot and broad rock domelets carved in swells, undulating beneath it all. It was mid-morning here and the sunstar was hot. Dropping down from a starship’s “evening” to a different planetary timezone (an instant “bio-clock shift,”) was typical of the weird things ground operations from orbit might require: not merely operating without sleep, but doing so suddenly, at strange times of the local day, or going from habitat to habitat, environment to environment, sometimes all within several hours.
Xiu-Li wasn’t tired, however. The difficulty was that Priti moved with a certainty the cat footed Xiu-Li envied, permitting greater speed. Priti seemed to know where she was going and why. Xiu-Li managed to keep up, but with less of the graceful smoothness.
Stopping in the shade of one of the house sized boulders, they split a water ration. Xiu-Li leaned back against the cool rock and let the water filling her mouth slowly trickle down her throat. Priti peered at the boulder, then used her SciDPaT to scan it. Priti looked much older when she applied her focus to science or her Meditations, and she looked serious now.
She abruptly looked up at Xiu-Li, then turned her head – she was Listening, the Niv called it, DPaT forgotten – no, she saw Priti’s fingers continuing to press pads to enter scan instructions, doing two or three things at once. Xiu-Li smiled in admiration, because she was watching a young Niv woman applying herself at what she liked and did best, and that meant the best of the best. Better be ready... Okay, Chen: feet don’t hurt, feet don’t hurt, feet don’t hurt – 
Priti whipped around, looking ahead. “We must move!”
So it was back to bushwhacking, trunk dodging, leaf slapping, and now there were thickets of a familiar looking slim, vertical, hard plant – like bamboo, but this wasn’t the Earth version, it was a version she had seen on Cape Of Velvet, 53.5 light years away. It was scattered throughout a boulder field they were crossing, big enough to break the jungle up into pocket clearings (although some pockets in the jungle were clear without boulders as well). The clearings let them move more quickly, as did the bamboo, which wasn’t dense enough to be a problem. They ran under a hot electric green canopy that flashed with brilliant sunlight, kinetic, dazzling. They ran and ran...
Xiu-Li was the fittest Sol human crewperson on WHEELER, and she had no current major leg injuries or problems. After six minutes at top speed she was tired, after twelve minutes she was feeling exhausted, and after fifteen minutes, she didn’t know how she was managing. 
Priti wasn’t in any distress at all, moving with a relentless ferocity; she had been raised on Jade, 31 light years north of Earth, around a star called Mufrid, in the constellation Bootes. That was a very “green” planet, much like Cape Of Velvet or this area of 19373, and Priti moved like a kid raised in a jungle.
The spears came from nowhere. 
Already stumbling along, Xiu-Li just dropped, heard one thunk hard off a tree behind her. The other one – 
“Aaah!” Priti fell.
Xiu-Li rolled forward, taking a quick look back. The spear meant for her hadn’t bounced off the tree, it had buried itself very deeply into the wood and hummed gently there – 
Hands grabbed her and pulled her – Through some bush branches, into a thick patch of underbrush. The spear meant for Priti had hit her leg, skewering her calf. “We must move!” she whispered urgently. “Cut the ends off for now!”
“No, I have to –”
Priti reached down and broke the pointed end off, jerking the spear around, making blood run more thickly from the wound.
“Okay, okay.” Xiu-Li used her diamond edge S.A.R. retrieval cutter to lop the other side off more neatly. The spear had a notched end. 
“Atlatl – a dart throwing stick,” gasped Priti. “Increases the power and distance. Now…” She stood, dragging Xiu-Li up to her feet like she was a limp doll. “MOOOO-OOOVE!” roared Priti, and both of them started running, Priti quickly in the lead despite her bloody leg.
Xiu-Li again found herself whacking leafy branches as Priti flickered in and out of her view ahead, and suddenly the path ahead was clear – where was Priti? 
“Ttssst! Jool!” Oh. So up the tree Xiu-Li went... And then along through the trees! This time Priti moved slowly, and used interlocking branches and trunks – no jumping from branch to branch (but more than once, she had seen Priti tense to do so, stop herself, and pick a route that Xiu-Li could survive). Finally Priti dropped them into a copse of heavy bushes. “Water break,” said the young Niv woman softly, looking around... And at Xiu-Li.
Xiu-Li passed out a ration each, tore off the lid and drank half. She opened her thighpack, took out her trauma kit, and started fixing Priti’s leg. Xiu-Li trimmed the other end of the spear flat and sprayed Clinistat One (cleaner, pain killer and antibacterial) over both entry holes before she laid imobilfoam around it all – Truhart could surgically remove the wood core later, on the ship, whereas pulling it out now would cause more trauma than already present.
Priti had good skin color and vital signs, but looked remote, and now gave Xiu-Li a rather bitter smile. “Hubris. I can hear my father now. An old corollary trait found with self absorbed Niv.” She closed her large, dark eyes. “As for my mother...” They opened again, looking into Xiu-Li’s. “I just want to be human.”
“Well, I suppose not trusting is human.” Xiu-Li sighed. “We’re a tribal species, after all. ‘Us and them’ is hardwired from the brainstem through cortex to neocortex.” She gave the Niv a tired smile. “Trust is one of those civilization and cultural structures added later. We trust someone because we now think they are an ‘Us’ or I find I agree with ‘Them,’ or I might even change tribes myself and actually become a ‘Them.’” 
“Mmmm.”
“Can you tell me how two Niv kids are capable of making a throwing spear that stuck into a tree and would have killed me?” A twinkle appeared in her eye. “I think we’ve both got a more personal stake in this now.” Xiu-Li opened her kit bag and took water rations out for them.
“Thanks, Xiu-Li,” said Priti. She sipped one. “Mm. All Niv learn Paleo subsistence techniques for ultimate survival in the event of any actual planetary or interstellar civilization collapse.”
“All Niv?”
“All Niv. I mentioned our paleo response teams... those skills are taught. Starting at age five, and one’s First Camp.”
“Is this sort of a game then?”
Priti considered that. “No... But it is not a solemn as the Meditations would be. Many families often Camp together every year. It’s lighter in many ways, but...” Priti shook her head. “Lives are at stake here.”
“Not yours, though.” She studied Priti.
“What do you mean?”
“The spears came from two opposite directions.” Xiu-Li crossed her forearms in an X. “They wanted me dead, but aimed for your leg and got it.”
“Yes. The plan was to kill you and prevent me from running away; rapid movement was our only option to fully thwart it. They are aware I am in pursuit, but I believe they presumed you to be Niv as well, causing a timing error in their throw. Nevertheless, in another ten seconds they would have been attacking us.” She gave Xiu-Li a look. “You are presuming that incapacitating me was not merely to kill me later.” 
This kid, out here tracking other kids, all of them survivors of a horrible episode, got speared through her leg and ran almost two kilometers before I could stabilize it. Xiu-Li slumped back against a tree. “I’m sorry. My trust didn’t last very long.” And I survived mostly because I’m a sloppy and slow footed Sol human. “Some hero.”
They rested there a moment in silence. Priti touched her arm. “You should finish your water. We’re only human.”
Xiu-Li finished her ration. “So this is like Camp? You really know what you’re doing? Against booby traps, I mean.”
Priti nodded. “My parents were multi-year winners when younger, and any Niv with us or in the system would attend, and we would compete against each other, a sort of mini-Camp. Not many other Niv, but every year there were always a few on survey.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to, like, try and meet the kids on the beach? Meditate to them, do that Niv thing?” Xiu-Li frowned. “I’m sorry, that sounded really stupid.”
Priti grinned. “‘That Niv Thing?’ “ She shook her head. “Not exactly...” The grin faded. “They are hard to reach at this stage, because they are operating as if the worst case has happened.”
“Priti, the Niv have modern technology now. What sort of ‘worst case’ leaves you with Paleo technology as your only hope?” She asked it teasingly.
Priti looked at her. The great dark eyes were solemn and deep. “Suppose you land on a planet, have no way to leave it, and then discover there are intelligent aliens in the universe, but the evidence indicates past violence or conflict as well. What level of threat should your ‘planned civilization’ plan for? How would you ensure our species could survive on the planet, even if things go on around it that cause damage to it? If the threat becomes directed at humans, how would you prevent, or at least slow, the discovery of Earth and the other colony planets?”
Xiu-Li frowned. “You don’t mean this planet and the Qet?”
Priti shook her head. “No. I speak of Niv.”
Xiu-Li shivered. “You found something.” She thought about it, and was glad she was lying down. “The Change – that wasn’t just to adapt to the conditions at Tau Ceti. You –” She swallowed. “All of your heroes and Meditations and Paleo Life Camps are...”
Priti smiled. “A dreadful sham, my father said.” She sighed. “He used that to buttress arguments about my not missing any of the experiences I’d get on Niv.”
Xiu-Li shook herself. “Umm... What’d your mom say?”
Priti looked down for a second, then up at Xiu-Li. “She was able to say that you and Aria Threnody proved we were right to get ready. She couldn’t wait to meet you.”
Xiu-Li rubbed her eyes. Is it mocha time yet? She took a deep breath and looked at Priti. “How do we help these kids? If what you say is true, they’re better adapted to living here than we are. Should we back off and wait for Aria, or SNOWLEOPARD?”
Priti’s gaze was steady. “What do you really feel?”
Xiu-Li closed her eyes again and took a deep breath. “I don’t think it’s very good for kids who’ve been through what they’ve been through to be running around an unsecured area with Large Deadly Fauna.” She took another deep breath. “As to what to do... I don’t have a clue.” The tree trunk seemed to be getting softer against her back...
Xiu-Li took another deep breath...

[ She stood on her beach. She looked around.
Priti sat there, arms and legs crossed, huddled and grumpy. Priti looked up and scowled. She didn’t have to speak, but bratty kids, Niv or not, were nothing new to Xiu-Li; and, even if not totally in the spirit, Priti was there. No, Xiu-Li was curious if...
Two younger children sat with their backs to her.
She thought, Fekk, I wish I had ice cream! Nothing happened.
“I told you,” said Priti. “It doesn’t work that way.”
Frustrated, Xiu-Li watched the Deep Image Meditation start to fade – wait: had those two heads turned? ]

Priti had fashioned a crutch and used it to stand as Xiu-Li opened her eyes. “I must apologize,” said the young Niv. “You were correct to make the attempt. I was able to sense their direction.”
Xiu-Li stood up. “I can’t wait to go D.I.M. swimming again.”
They moved slowly along the sunstar dappled trail as insects and birds both reported their presence and ignored them. Priti was using the crutch more like a probe and had hardly a limp as she went. 
She stopped, listening. 
Xiu-Li froze. 
“Yaaa!” Priti whirled and knocked the dart spear from the air with her walking stick.
Xiu-Li ducked, stepped out of the way – 
“NO!” screamed Priti, grabbing for her –
It was some kind of snare. It got her ankle, and off the trail and down the hill Xiu-Li went, a vision of Priti’s staring eyes receding into the green distance, following her into the darkness. Leaves, stalks and twigs battered her as she twisted and rolled, trying to protect her face and head.
At some point the sliding tree trunk the snare was attached to stopped falling, and Xiu-Li slid onto the valley floor at last, bruised from head to toe, coughing dust. She sliced the snare loose, pushed herself to her feet – fell over, took a deep breath, and pushed herself up to her feet again. 
Okay, Chen: Nothing hurts, nothing hurts...
They were around the bend. Xiu-Li walked around a large tree and a rough fence of leaves fell down to reveal a young Niv male holding spears, resting on hooked sticks, one in each hand. Too far away to jump him; the trail narrowed in either direction, and it was an easy choke point. 
There was a rustle and a slightly older Niv girl stood there as well, bearing another of the throwing stick spears as well, on a different angle of fire. Both wore ship overalls, but these had been carefully stained green and brown with leaves and dirt, creating a very effective camouflage pattern. So much for kids and the beach if there’s no ice cream!
They were studying her. 
Xiu-Li detected no emotion or even a flicker of inner thought, but they were curious. “I lost my father when I was ten,” she blurted out.
They paused. That registered! The girl looked uncertain, but not the boy – he merely blinked twice.
Finally, the boy growled, and his arms shifted backward to hurl his spears – 
Xiu-Li found herself thinking about waking up that morning with a new friend and a warm furry Ceti Cat purring away next to her, and now ending the day speared by two traumatized, feral Niv children. It was quite a tremendous swing in fortune, and very unfair…
Suddenly the girl dropped her spear. The boy dropped both of his. They fell to their knees, staring at Xiu-Li’s feet.
There was a Corvel’s Ceti Tube Cat sitting there. It was orange and white, differently colored than Priti’s. Stance and posture made clear it was in the way, shielding Xiu-Li, despite coming no higher than her knee. It looked up at her for a second, but mostly kept its eyes on the children, who were starting to blink a lot.
Priti loomed up beside her. The imobilfoam had cracked off her injured leg during her scramble down the hill, and she was bleeding again. Tears had left broad tracks in the dirt on her cheeks, but she paid no attention to the pain in her leg. They exchanged glances and Xiu-Li motioned with her head to the kids. Priti moved over to them.
Xiu-Li looked at the Tube Cat now swirling around her ankles and purring. Of course – besides beaches and ice cream, most kids like snuggly and furry. “Why, thank you, little one. Where did you come from?” It did not object when she picked it up and rubbed its short, soft fur while she watched Priti, seated on her knees, speaking to both children, whose eyes and faces were far more mobile now.
And crumpling into tears. Priti looked across the clearing at Xiu-Li. Were Niv too Rational to hug when they cried? she wondered. Then Priti opened her arms and put them around the kids… Who both jumped up and grabbed her hard, crying.
Xiu-Li keyed her comm. “Commander Takaguchi, Ensign Chen. We have them, they seem to be coming around... We’re about thirty minutes away.”
“SquadRunner, depart when ready. Ensign Chen, find us a landing space. We’re coming to get you, E.T.A. ten minutes overhead.”
“Aye, sir.” She heard the radio messages ripple out over the TacNet in response to hers and sighed, looking at the Tube Cat. “Thank you again.” 
It half cracked an eye, purred louder, and pressed itself against the fingers rubbing it.

8.2
NSS SNOWLEOPARD was twice as big as IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER but had such sleek lines that it made the smaller WHEELER look like a fat and chubby Sno-Cat.
Xiu-Li was going off watch when her DPaT chirped. “Chen.”
“Ensign Chen, you have been requested to escort our guests to their next berth aboard NSS SNOWLEOPARD,” said Matisou. “How do you plead?”
She laughed. “Thank you, sir. Ensign Chen available in twelve minutes.” Xiu-Li had rarely seen Priti, who spent all her time in the medical section with the kids. There were plenty of guards posted to keep everyone on the correct sides of the doors (Matisou was polite, but not about to let recently feral Niv kids loose on his ship), so Ensign Chen had resumed all regular duties upon their return to the ship and the end of her sick leave. That had been something of a relief. 
Aria had been distant. She was working with her new lieutenants, and the three younger Niv had an effect on her psychic weather (even though that topic was “irrational, non-existent, specious, and out of bounds!” as Xiu-Li had once been heatedly informed). Lobo and the new lieutenants were also busy, checking the chipware subsystems. He wasn’t around much either.
Neither development had been a happy one for Xiu-Li. 
They couldn’t start any surveys or take any chances as long as the Niv were aboard. This annoyed people, and so did the injuries to crew on the ground party. Most crew recognized insanity, but some chose to make out the kids as more calculating fighters, deliberately trying to hurt or kill. Xiu-Li had suggested the Paleo skills training was unique to these quirky science kids, a suggestion that had been picked up and seemed to make sense – but some still said it was part of a Niv hidden agenda to turn themselves into super soldiers and then take over Humanity. 
That had been immediately mocked by any who heard the three or four people who suggested it: exactly how would Paleo training and tools help Niv take over Humanity? That had kept it light, and no one was very serious about “sinister Niv,” but it had come up, and was not a rare view among Sol humans (even in the weird Belt habs) in all of the colonies and Earth/Sol.
Xiu-Li thought about a culture where every single person went to “Paleo-Camp” and learned group hunting skills – frighteningly impressive. Add a strong tradition of heroes (especially based on recent historical colony experiences), and martial arts training inside the system of Meditations, and one has a cultural operating system designed for humans with bodies suitable for super soldiers. Right agenda, wrong mission profile.
Xiu-Li had caught up on her own workouts and flight sims while they waited for SNOWLEOPARD to arrive. Once or twice she found herself thinking about a naked Aria Threnody hurling a spear with a throwing stick... But she didn’t dwell on it, she’d just pretend she was flying Wolf Lobo somewhere instead... Mmm!... But in realspace, they were all still too busy to take a break.
Finally, NSS SNOWLEOPARD had entered the system. The senior officers were there to see the kids and Priti off, and a handful of crew she had become friendly with. No one could argue Priti hadn’t been helpful (after some early communication problems), and in that “cosmic scoreboard of justice” which Sol humans were still followers of, Priti had been injured herself as a result of her unsound planning. She’d paid her price to learn something, just like any new Crew did. She was “Okay,” and her caring for the kids touched many so far from home. 
Now Priti caught her eye, nodded, and smiled. Xiu-Li grinned. Priti’s become honorary Crew. She was proud of the young Niv woman for making any connections at all. The Niv kids were more like kids now. They were still rather stiff, but that was likely to be Niv culture, and they had proven to have senses of humor. All three had new Stooge Working Group crew tee shirts in their new gear bags, already stowed on board Runner Two. 
Whatever sort of rational training they’d had, they still both got flustered when they saw her there, then they looked at each other, calmed themselves, and nodded to her, eyes level. Xiu-Li nodded back. Kids. She was about to step through the hatch when she realized no one else was moving toward it. Xiu-Li paused. 
“Problem, Ensign Chen?” said Matisou.
“Sir? Isn’t anyone else going?” In fact, they were all clearing the bay for launch.
Matisou smiled, shook his head. “Lieutenant Commander Threnody is piloting.” He exchanged glances with Takaguchi. “You know how tricky diplomatic requests can be, Ensign. This one seems straight enough.”
“They’ll probably want to ask you a few supplemental questions.” Takaguchi grinned tightly. “You’re cleared to answer.”
“Aye, sir.” Xiu-Li stepped through the hatch, wondering why they both looked so worried then... The kids were up front, to watch Aria fly. 
Priti sat in the rear section and waited for Xiu-Li. “I wanted to thank you,” she said.
 Xiu-Li sat down and buckled in across from her. “For what?”
“For being a true big sister for me. I know I had a mad passion for you, and you were really good to me.” Priti smoothed her uniform. “Many I have met would not have restrained themselves.”
“Umm...” That kiss on the ankle... that was close.
Priti smiled. “We can reintroduce ourselves some day. I want to go to Earth and possibly specialize in recontact studies at Earth Space University.”
Xiu-Li blinked and laughed in delight. “Wow! That sounds like a bold and forthright plan.” She tilted her head. “You’re thinking of IWG Space Fleet? Really?”
“Maybe.” Priti smiled. “You have to be very good to get in.”
“Why not the Niv Space Service?”
Priti took a deep breath. “Aria was unhappy for years on Niv. It was a gift of JoHelix when it was decided to permit Niv to serve in IWG Space Fleet, because Aria could just leave Niv and join.” A shake of her head. “I would have indulged my parents and gone back to Niv, but they are gone.”
“But you’re going back now.”
Priti sighed. “The kids need me,” she said simply.
Xiu-Li studied Priti. Life had matured her greatly over the past several days, and she had experienced a variety of emotions, from the very worst to some of the best (and not all of them, thank Space!)
The young Niv giggled. “I’ll remember you always, of course. For the rest of my life.” Priti shrugged. “I know that’s a burden for you, but that’s okay.” She smiled. “I suppose you shouldn’t save me next time, and then you won’t have that problem.”
“Priti, I’ll save you every time I get the chance to.”
“Even though I’m a cold, imperious, demanding brat?”
“No, in spite of those things,” Xiu-Li said affectionately, obviously teasing. “Because I’ve watched you hug those kids, and seen you play with your Cat after you’ve put them to bed. I’m glad I met you.”
“Even though I’m scary sometimes, and you didn’t trust me?”
Xiu-Li sighed. “I was right to not just go with untrustworthy gut feelings and instead wait to see what would actually happen.” She nodded. “Life is an ongoing process for me, not a menu of endless rational steps until death.”
Priti nodded. “I did not intend to frighten you.”
Xiu-Li shrugged. “That’s okay. It comes with the job.” Then their eyes met... “It comes with living life,” she added softly. “I was worried. A lot of things were going on.”
“I’m sorry I was jealous.” Priti grinned. “Between my mad passion and my jealousy, I was a poor example of the Rational Mind in Action over those days.”
Xiu-Li smiled. “I’ve heard much of your parents. I believe your actions honored their teachings. I think you did well under incredible stress. And we all survived.”
Priti’s eyes flashed. “Yes! Most true! We are Darwinian in this one!”
“Ahh... Yes.” Xiu-Li laughed.
Priti smiled. “You have two other new fans as well, now.”
“They seem nervous around me today.”
“They are truly pure Niv, and only recently off the planet. They are in shock, lives overturned, and they are returning to be placed with family.”
“What about you?”
Priti looked haughty. “I am not ten or eight years old.”
“Please, Priti. The other parts that apply as well to you?” Their eyes met and held. “Who will watch after you now?” Xiu-Li asked softly.
“Oh.” Priti swallowed. “My aunt, Sara. My mother’s sister. She will have family charge of me until age seventeen.”
“Do you like her?”
“Yes.” Priti nodded. “She’s sort of like Aria. She has a seven year old daughter, though.” She looked thoughtful. “She seemed to learn everything each of my parents did, and always saw things a lot like my mother... But differently... And they had some disagreements.” She blinked, and blushed. “I apologize for such personal –”
Xiu-Li reached over and tapped her shoulder. “Hey. I wouldn’t be much of a hero if I couldn’t keep things private. I was an only child from a gigantic extended family that I had to go live with when I was ten.”
Priti nodded her head. “Life slurps.”
“Ahh – life ‘slurps’ ?” 
Priti frowned. “Oh, damn your fiendish colloquialisms!” Then she grinned. “How was that one?”
“That was very good. ‘Fiendish’ is classy, which befits the Niv sensibility, and the ‘damn’ was straight on.” Xiu-Li laughed. “If this continues, perhaps one day the Daughter of Science will become a Niv comedian.”
Priti winced and giggled. “I don’t think my parents would have approved of that path as a life career, whereas my aunt would likely volunteer to produce the show.” She shook her head, thinking. “Opportunity within such large tragedy and loss: enigmatic. Neither rational nor irrational.” Her eyes drifted forward to the cockpit. “Those children were going to be living as I did, far from Niv. Now they’ll live more conventionally, be more fully Niv.”
“Is that better? I like the way you’ve turned out so far, Priti.”
Priti smiled, but was still thinking about it. “I was lonely, Jool. There was always something to do, and I had my Cat, but really...” She looked at Xiu-Li. “My parents, my Cat, my compsys. We moved from nowhere to nowhere to set data points, and make it Somewhere. But it was still nowhere.” She sighed.
“The very first people to see those newest Somewheres.”
Priti nodded, looking sad. 
What would Niv be like for her now? Xiu-Li gulped. “Well... While you’re on Niv, think of it as a cultural survey. Do some sightseeing, treat it like any other planet. And remember, sometimes it turns out that no matter what you do... Life just sucks.”
Priti swallowed and smiled bravely. “Ahh – life sucks.”
Xiu-Li nodded solemnly. “Yes – but only sometimes.” There was a whoop from the front. She smiled. “Not today, though. Even if I’ll miss you.”
Priti looked wistful. “Maybe I’ll see you on your beach.”
Xiu-Li laughed. “Maybe. Leave me a coconut shell message if I’m not there.” She kept it light, keeping away from deeper currents. Priti had not been the only one struggling with “passion,” after all.
Priti gave her a knowing look. “Good luck with the Lone Wolf.”
Xiu-Li blushed. “I always get so nervous around him.”
Priti giggled. “He seems relaxed around you.”
“Thank Space one of us is.” She took a deep breath. “And I’m also...” She shook her head. Her feelings for Aria were no less, just very different.
“Space drives humans to snuggle.”
Xiu-Li looked puzzled. “That sounds familiar. Who said that?”
“You did.”
“Oh.”
Priti smiled. “Space Fleet and the crew on WHEELER seem to be quite reasonable about that. It is something I have decided to consider in my career planning.”
“And the Niv Space Service doesn’t?” Xiu-Li was shocked.
Priti pretended to be serious. “Provoking irrational actions over time, no matter how rationally handled, intimate physical relations are not permitted.” She shook her head. “As if this were possible. But Niv will get in career trouble if caught.”
Xiu-Li sighed. “Well, we’re all discreet adults. Supposed to be, anyway.” The docking cycle alert beeped. “We’re here.” She had hoped to see the Niv ship on the approach but instead had spent the time with Priti. Xiu-Li could always look at a ship; she was glad they’d just plain talked. But by now, she couldn’t wait to see the ship.
It was not to be.
The Niv security man who entered the Runner bay was obviously that: he was as big as any Qet or other huge male Xiu-Li had ever seen, and he was graying at the temples. He would be immune to mistakes of inexperience and skilled in Meditations even Aria Threnody had never danced. He looked at Xiu-Li, bowed his head, and said politely, “Please stay here until called for, m’am.” The hatchdoor closed behind him as if to accent his words.
It was disappointing, and she tried to find an angle to see it as other than an insulting quarantine – but took a deep breath, gave him a smile and said, “Thank you.” The Niv had always been very private, and she would go by their rules. Xiu-Li looked at Aria and, seeing the fury building there, gave her a nod. “We all have protocols.” 
Aria blinked at her, nodded back, and looked away, still furious. Priti looked stunned and confused, but the “Daughter of Science” was a popular title and a perception, not a Niv Space Service rank or social power, after all. She looked from Aria to Xiu-Li to Aria to the security man, all of them with stony, set faces. It was so unexpected that Priti had no idea what to say or do.
The young girl broke it. She stood a little bit taller than his waist, but she went over and stood in front of him. “Mister Kennel,” she said, with quiet, serious intensity. “I told myself if I ever got back here, I would show her my room. That’s where we’re going.” She looked over at Xiu-Li. “Come on, Xiu-Li.”
Kennel straightened. “I’m very, very sorry, Liana –”
A Corvel’s Tube Cat twisted itself between Xiu-Li’s legs and jumped from there up into the Niv girl’s arms. It was orange and white. 
How... ?
Kennel actually staggered backward. 
“See?” said the girl, Liana, in scornful triumph, as the Ceti Cat in her arms began purring so loudly they could all hear it. “Xiu-Li walks with Cats. Now, perhaps people have been mourning the loss of my parents, and worried about us, and have not paid full and proper attention to the way my parents practiced honor. As the only granddaughter of Admiral Kal, I will tell you now, Mister Kennel, you will be restraining me or escorting us to my room, which harbors no secrets critical to Niv security.” It was quite an elegant, civilized social threat.
Xiu-Li noticed Kennel ignored everything the girl said, probably never actually hearing a word. His eyes were cycling from the so very apparently unconcerned Ceti Cat in Liana’s arms to Xiu-Li, who was a bit nervous to find Corvel’s Tube Cats popping into existence around her. They were very cute, and she could imagine worse problems, but how were they getting there? And why? 
Kennel looked worried and concerned, and she realized he had no idea what to do about that; very disconcerting for a Niv, especially a Security man.
The hatchdoor behind Kennel opened. “What’s the hold up?” The woman who now entered looked a bit like an older version of Priti... Or the data image of Selena. She looked at her niece Priti, then Kennel, the girl, the Cat – and then at Xiu-Li. “Ah.” She looked around the room. “Well, hullo, everyone. In the interests of rational efficiency, we need these three young Scholars in our medical section, while I debrief Ensign Chen and Lieutenant Commander Threnody.” She looked at Kennel. “Perhaps you could escort them to medical, Mister Kennel?”
“Of course, Doctor Catsmile,” he said smoothly. “All others I leave in your hands at this time.” Kennel nodded to them. The orange and white Ceti Cat seemed to wink at Xiu-Li as the girl carried it out with her. Before Priti left with Kennel, Sara gave her a hug. 
Sara then looked at the two WHEELER crew and bowed her head. “I apologize if the Vishak family retainer gave any impression of insult. Such a cruel and irrational event has a disturbing effect on many.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “Your presence is forever welcome on Niv, Xiu-Li Chen.”
Xiu-Li’s mouth dropped open. In five minutes it had gone from “don’t leave your ship” to “come by and see us any time.” Niv were not “fickle;” there were political undercurrents at work here.
Sara studied Aria intently while the Niv Chief Engineer stared back, their expressions difficult to decipher. Sara gasped and looked away, and Aria looked down. “You did deserve better,” murmured Sara.
“As did you. I am sorry events ended as they did, Sara.”
“You do not need to apologize for events never in your control.”
Aria gave her a rather thin smile. “Then why make me?” 
Sara shot her a glance. 
Aria looked down. “Sorry.”
Xiu-Li wished she were elsewhere. “Undercurrents at work” was an understatement for this situation!... Hey that was a Niv chuckler.
“Please, Aria...” Sara touched her arm. “You have been missed greatly. It is fitting you return with such success.”
“I am just the pilot today,” said Aria, smiling slightly, looking at Xiu-Li. “It was Priti Fareyes and Ensign Chen who achieved success.” She looked back at Sara, still smiling. “She has a way of doing that.”
Sara nodded. “So I have read.” 
Xiu-Li couldn’t recall hearing Priti’s last name before. It really suits her... big, dark eyes... Priti Fareyes... Nice. She felt both women looking at her, and her cheeks burned.
Sara smiled. “There will be a ceremony of safe return and mourning shortly, once the doctor is convinced all is well.” She motioned with her hand. “Please follow me.”
The corridor was carpeted and had inlaid designs on the walls, along with inset holo screens set to Classic Earth paintings. It was much more richly appointed than InterWorld Group survey or big utilitarian cargo or colony ships, closer in the look and feel of quiet elegance to one of the big, fancy “cruisers and liners” for paying passengers. There was no one else to be seen during the short walk to a fairly big cabin space, suitable for a gathering. It had a very large crysglass window; they could see WHEELER on station, and the brilliant blue-white-green planet 19373 below.
They went over to the window, because everybody always did so when there was something to see. They had just reached it when the door opened behind them and an angry man stomped in. “What are you doing here?” He was in his mid to late thirties, had brown eyes, tan brown hair, and many white teeth. Decent. But very angry.
“Talking while we wait for the ceremony,” Sara answered, not the least perturbed. Aria had gone stiff as a board.
“On whose authority?!” He was yelling now, and an angry Niv male was new for Xiu-Li. She could appreciate now why so many Sol humans felt threatened, although she still did not.
Sara fixed him with a glance. “Mine, of course.” 
He wanted to stay angry and remain on the offensive, irrational though it might be (he was still an angry human male, after all), but in a very short period of two breaths his face cleared and he was just in a mode of steely disapproval. Very civilized and rational. The man looked at Aria and nodded. “Aria.”
Aria was so still it was worse than anger. “Miles.” 
Xiu-Li felt a chill run up her spine; this was the Niv warror woman who had killed an armed Qet warrior bare handed, and that will to execute had come across in one word.
He just sighed and switched to Xiu-Li. “Ensign Chen. Family Threnody thanks you for saving Aria.” He bowed his head. No anger at all, just a very civilized, rational acknowledgement – his ability to shift mental gears on the fly was very impressive.
“As she saved mine first, Family Threnody is welcome,” Xiu-Li replied, nodding back. “And you are…?”
“Miles Threnody, Security Officer, NSS SNOWLEOPARD.” He smiled. “I apologize for initial delays in meeting you.”
She didn’t know what to make of his smile, since it would be his Division rules that would be responsible for all access to the ship, so any orders keeping Xiu-Li in the Runner bay came from there. “Thank you.” When in doubt, be diplomatic; and what did that make Sara in the command structure?
He nodded. “I also bear thanks from Admiral Kal.”
“It would have been impossible to find those children without Lieutenant Commander Threnody and Priti Fareyes. I was just along to assist.”
Miles Threnody nodded politely. “That is not what the children are saying.”
“Well... You know kids.”
He frowned seriously and had opened his mouth to respond when Sara said, “Miles, do you know when the captain will be here?”
He swallowed and looked at her. “Within another six minutes or so. The children will be cleared by then.” He looked at them all. “I fear I must start a report to the Admiral. Excuse me, and it has been an honor to meet you, Ensign Chen.”
Xiu-Li nodded. He went to the door, and as it opened, stood back. “Captain.” She saw Aria was no longer still and hostile, but was nervous… For other reasons, so it seemed.
“Miles,” said a voice – a wonderfully rich, mellow voice. “Come ahead.” Miles Threnody walked out, and the Captain walked in. He was about forty, and his eyes swept the room and checked them all in one quick sweep. They were black, as were his hair and moustache, his skin a light tan. Tall, trim, powerful, he had twice the confidence the older security man had radiated. He was almost as handsome as Wolf Lobo, but a fair bit older.
And he had charm – immense charm. His eyes fell back to Xiu-Li’s as he said, “I am early because I wanted to meet you. I am Captain Cristofer Gatto, NSS SNOWLEOPARD and I am very pleased you are here today.” He smiled at Aria, who responded weakly in kind, and then continued. “Xiu-Li, not only have you made a friend in Admiral Kal, and the Niv, you have as well with me. I am impressed with your actions to date, especially those on this planet.” He looked back at Aria. “And I am very happy to see you, Aria. You are well?”
Aria swallowed. “Yes,” she said weakly. “Quite so.”
Gatto grinned, looking almost roguish. “Good.” 
Xiu-Li managed not to smile.
Gatto looked at Sara (as a flustered Aria Threnody tried to recover) and nodded. “Your niece is fine. She felt strongly she should assist in the recovery of the children, who have some minor external injuries of the body, and some of the mind that are perhaps deeper.” His face grew somber. “She herself would benefit with some help, although naturally, she denies a need.” Gatto looked at Xiu-Li. “We will be on station about three weeks here with you.”
Xiu-Li nodded. “Priti went through hell. If I can be of any help, just let me know.”
He smiled. “We who have made that journey before must help others.” She saw his eyes cut from hers to Aria, then back. “I thank you again.” He did it with great skill, and Aria missed it.
Xiu-Li bowed her head. “I have already been rewarded by their continued presence in my life alone.” Aria had recovered enough to look over at Xiu-Li, who stood tall and looked back. Aria looked away, unsure what she had missed, but pleased. Good. Xiu-Li knew the charismatic Captain Gatto and observant Sara Catsmile had missed none of it. They exchanged glances and seemed pleased... Like a couple happy for a friend. Even better.
Xiu-Li felt something brush against her leg. It was the orange and white Corvel’s Ceti Tube Cat. It looked up at her, then it jumped up into her arms. It began purring immediately, if that’s what the peculiar rumbles were. She looked up and saw Aria looking at her fondly, the other Niv with something closer to wonder.
Gatto looked just a bit uneasy – good! And Sara was just as delighted as could be. The door opened (she caught a glimpse of Kennel) and in came the kids, now wearing clean robes over loose pants and shirts. 
“Oh, there you are then,” said the girl, Liana, looking from the Ceti Tube Cat to Xiu-Li.
“I told you that’s where it went,” said her brother, smiling at Xiu-Li. “Hi, Xiu-Li, I’m glad they let you out.” As direct as any eight year old could put it.
His sister cut in immediately: “I didn’t say I didn’t believe you, Pito!”
“Yes, you did! You said it was an irrational supposition.”
She glared at her little brother. “That’s because it is, really, but I still didn’t say I didn’t believe you.” He had to digest that a moment. The girl turned, smiled, and said, “Hello, Xiu-Li.” She looked like any kid at a Popular Star Fan Reception for her favorite media idol, but she was also trying to demonstrate Niv restraint.
Xiu-Li smiled. “Hello, again, all of you.” She looked at the Cat, which cracked an eye for just a second then closed it and stretched before falling asleep in her arms, flicking its ears when Priti walked in. She was still wearing her Space Fleet uniform; Gatto noticed it and blanked his face, which had been very expressive until then. 
Priti saw it happen, and they exchanged a glance. There was a second of silence as the other Niv looked away from this silent exchange, which Xiu-Li realized too late she wasn’t “supposed” to see (a Niv would just look away and... oh, so that’s how they did it).
Despite whatever past “hell” Gatto had been through, the young Niv woman before him had just survived her own. “Captain Gatto, it is very, very nice to see you,” said Priti Fareyes, in a steady, clear voice. “Thank you so much for coming to our assistance.” Her face was calm, tranquil, and her eyes serene... But unwavering.
Gatto looked from her to Sara, then up at the ceiling. When he looked down, he seemed resigned, but happy. “Priti Fareyes, you have certainly had an eventful First Fourteen.” He grew solemn. “We should begin. We cannot borrow crew from the good ship JOHN A. WHEELER for too long today.”
Everyone grew somber and now stood straight.
“We speak now, at this moment, of those lost on the ship KOLTAAR, all of who were in peace with the Universe. The few words said now are no match for the many, many memories that will long remain.” Gatto nodded at Xiu-Li. “To our knowledge there has never been cause or reason for anyone not from Niv to be at such a ceremony. Today there is reason, and Xiu-Li Chen of Earth is here.” His eyes flashed, as they had at first, and Xiu-Li felt herself tingle all over again. “I am to risk calling you Mariposa Xiu-Li Chen.” 
Feeling quite dazzled now, Xiu-Li just nodded. 
Gatto smiled at her, then looked at the children. They looked at each other; the girl spoke first. “I want to learn more about Sol and what we can do about facing this future together, as we should be.” Liana looked at the stiffly smiling Gatto. “Both of my parents taught me to respect education and compassion, and to remember that true attention to the Codicil demands sacrifice, including that of long held ‘positions of thought’ when circumstances change.”
This time Gatto and Sara exchanged two looks: first their own reactions to Liana’s words (Gatto unhappy, Sara pleased), then their reactions to each other’s first reactions (Gatto was annoyed, and then Sara grew cold). 
That’s more like a couple headed for divorce, thought Xiu-Li. It was quick, and the boy missed their interplay as he spoke: “I am still interested in quantum tunnel engineering. I don’t think Sol will help me much there.” Gatto looked pleased, and so did Sara, but perhaps not as radiantly. Then the boy continued: “The Gem Isles. That is where I want to study. At Natasha’s Garage!” He said it as plainly as an excited, rationally righteous eight year old could.
Gatto scowled. “Didn’t that place get blasted apart by O.P.P. when they destroyed the R and D Yards there?” he muttered to Sara.
“No,” said Sara. “None of the private facilities, including The Hensridge Engine Works, were touched.”
Xiu-Li tried not to giggle in relief. Nate was okay then! She felt lightheaded, she wanted to sing, dance, kick, jump...
Priti was smiling at her, when she was supposed to be serious. “I see this news has lightened your heart. I am happy for you.” Priti looked at them all. “I have seen my friend Xiu-Li struggle, as I have struggled. I am here today because of her directly. These children are here today because first Xiu-Li saved me, then Aria Threnody found the truth left behind on the planet. We returned, and Xiu-Li risked her life to stay with me, no matter how irrational I acted as I struggled with my loss.” She took a deep breath, and so did everyone else. “But I am Niv. I have been taught, and I have learned. I am Niv. These two children are the best I have faced yet, spurred by their intense crisis.” She looked at Xiu-Li, then the others. “Xiu-Li and I and all the others were lucky – merely lucky – to have survived with as few injuries as we did.” Priti looked at the kids and smiled, then looked back over to Xiu-Li, with some friendly awe. “Xiu-Li is more than lucky to have survived. She walks with Cats; why this is so, only Schrodinger knows...” Priti grinned at a very clearly disconcerted looking Gatto. “We have seen it enough to get their point to us. It would be fitting to give consideration for the Name of Katcallr to her, had Aria not indicated how many meanings ‘Mariposa’ already held for her.”
Xiu-Li looked at Aria, whose gaze was warm and steady. The name referenced Xiu-Li’s butterfly sword, but it had also been the nickname for one of Xiu-Li’s best friends, recently killed by the Qet.
Priti cleared her throat, bringing Xiu-Li back. “Working with the crew of science ship JOHN A. WHEELER taught me that there will be much talk before Niv and Sol truly effect full Re-Contact. I want to assist in that. When it is time, I am going to attend Earth Space University.” 
Gatto was resigned by now. He listened with a fixed but pleasant smile which told Xiu-Li these probably weren’t his problems to solve anyway, so he could be diplomatic and wait. Sara seemed pleased, but restrained by the moment.
Gatto looked at Xiu-Li. “It seems you might have company one day.” He was neutral, but not opposed to it; perhaps he had just been taken by surprise in all the sudden interest in Sol and Earth, which upon reflection would not be unusual after such recent exposure to Sol culture.
“That would be very nice.” Xiu-Li decided he meant in the IWG, as she had no idea when, if ever, she’d be posted back on Earth, or that it was a posting to be sought after any time soon (perhaps one day it might be nice to be there as a captain or an admiral, but those were lofty aspirations, for somewhere off in the misty future of her career).
And then it was over, and everyone relaxed slightly. The Ceti Cat wiggled and then jumped from her arms. It went over to the girl Liana, who picked it up and looked at Xiu-Li, smiling shyly. Her brother was looking out the window at WHEELER, talking quietly to Aria; probably about the drives, if his comments reflected his current interests. Gatto nodded formally at Xiu-Li and walked out. He might be neutral and diplomatic, but he was not pleased. 
Sara stepped over to her. “You have a number of new fans.”
“That seems to keep happening.” Xiu-Li smiled. “I’m not sure I deserve them.”
Sara smiled. “Among Niv, the ability to call Cats is rare and treasured, deserved or not.”
“I wondered about that...” She saw Aria turn and look over at her – time to go. “This has been quite an honor.”
Sara sighed. “I wish I could properly show you the ship but we have time and other various constraints; perhaps on a future visit.” She gave Xiu-Li a long look. “I know the children will want to see you before we leave station. I will likely see you during our site survey.” She smiled, looking at Aria and then back. “I think Aria can tell you about Corvel’s Tube Cats. If you should have any more questions, you can always contact me.” She looked into Xiu-Li’s eyes. “Any time.” Sara Catsmile held her gaze for another second and then bowed her head politely.
Priti and the kids – and the quiet Mister Kennel – escorted them back to their Runner. The girl put down the Cat and hugged her, the boy shook her hand very seriously, and Priti looked oddly distressed. Aria took the kids to see the outside of the Runner drives, while Xiu-Li took Priti to one side. “Are you okay, Priti?”
“I am not upset. Why would I be upset?”
Xiu-Li put an arm around her shoulders. “It would only be human to be so.” 
Priti shrugged and sniffled. 
“Hey, we can always talk, and I’ll come back as often as they let me on board.”
Priti smiled weakly. “Or do that Niv thing.”
Xiu-Li swallowed. “Umm...”
Priti giggled. “Just teasing.” She grew more serious. “I would like to meet you and Aria in a meditation on your beach.” And there was a warm, furry Ceti Cat pushing against Xiu-Li’s ankle (and then she blushed bright red, recalling a kiss there... Not now!) 
Priti giggled, delighted. “You remembered!”
She shivered. “I won’t ever forget it.” Thank Space it’s over!
Priti smiled. “I was – call it playing. Trying something out...”
Xiu-Li sighed gratefully. “I’m glad you gave me an island I can really visit instead.” She looked down at Priti’s Ceti Cat. “Thank you as well, little one.” The Cat blinked at her.
Priti nodded. “Well, that was playing too, and I knew you would not be a human likely to give in.” She looked down. “At the time, it was rather a disappointment– ” she gave Xiu-Li a sudden grin. “But I feel and know better now. Cultural normals differ between planets.”
Aria Threnody cleared her throat and stepped into view. “Oh, there you are. The Captain wants to get us back and put the ship to full night levels.” She smiled at Priti. “Thanks, Priti. See you soon.”
“If they won’t teach me, can I meet you on the beach?” said Priti softly, so softly that no device or monitor would have heard it over the cycling pumps. 
Aria looked stunned, then did a quick look around. Then she looked at Xiu-Li.
Xiu-Li felt a lot in that look, including fear – the fear Aria had felt when Xiu-Li was on a Tactical operation. It was an emotion the Niv woman had not expected to feel as part of a relationship, even one that had begun with their surviving a violent encounter, and Aria had been working on it. At least Aria knows I can handle myself; what is she looking at me for, permission? Hmmm... wonder why? 
Xiu-Li nodded her head just slightly. It sounded like a good idea to her, and they both knew the value of being trained to fight when one faces an uncertain, perhaps violent, cosmos at large. She hadn’t realized there might be a question about Priti’s continued learning of The Second Meditation. Aria looked at Priti. “I would be surprised if Sara did not pick up where we left off, but I would be willing to discuss this if you ask.”
Priti looked from Aria to Xiu-Li and bowed her head. “Thank you.” She looked around the docking bay. “I see I am preventing the docking team from their sweep. I must be going now.” She gave them a smile. “We’ll speak again soon,” Priti said, half to herself, then she turned and headed for the hatch.
After Xiu-Li cycled the Runner hatch closed, she went forwad to the cockpit and found Aria sitting in the right side seat. Giving her a glance, WHEELER’s Chief Engineer casually said, “Commander Takaguchi and I thought you might like to fly back to WHEELER, once we’re moved clear of SNOWLEOPARD.”
Xiu-Li’s heart began to pound: this would be her last step before formal testing for pilot/flight status, and although she had spent hours in the Virtual box... “Yes, m’am,” she said formally, sitting down in the left hand pilot’s seat. Most of this short hop was monitoring the auto systems – they were flying in an “on station” formation and the course would be compsys controlled, but performing the clearcheck, monitoring the flight program and being ready for unplanned course deviations was more critical than ever when distances were short. So that meant clearchecking a Runner for flight, and there was always some manual input (flying) even on a short hop – okay! 
Easy as a board break... With Aria pretending not to watch every step, Xiu-Li completed the clearcheck and called in to the SNOWLEOPARD dock team, who acknowledged promptly and started cycling the Runner forward onto the launch rail for extension out into space and drop-launch.
“So far, so good,” said Aria. “You’re doing very well.”
Xiu-Li nodded. “Rail release, five minutes. Uhh, when we get a chance, will you tell me more about Ceti Cats?”
Aria looked... Nervous? “I’m not on duty until tomorrow,” she said, looking down at her arrays. 
Is she nervous about that, or me, flying? Xiu-Li took a deep breath. Calm yourself either way, Chen. You are not yet a butterfly... Just a caterpillar, moving one line at a time, until the structure is complete... “Rail release in one hundred and twenty seconds.”
“I.W.G. Runner Two, prepare for rail release and approx eighty seconds of magnetic guidance to flightzone,” said a male voice on the SNOWLEOPARD docking comm frequency. 
Aria stiffened. Since Xiu-Li was flying, that put Aria on comms. She took a deep breath and clicked on, responding calmly: “SNOWLEOPARD, Runner Two, A-C-K.” 
Xiu-Li noticed the letter code and glanced over, saw Aria was white faced and still. Xiu-Li went back to flying. Later for that stuff.
“Rail release in six, five four, three, two, one...” They felt the faintest of “clicks” ripple through the frame, then they were free from the launch rail and moving along magnetically to the flightzone. It was all programmed and routine and Xiu-Li watched her arrays like a Velvet bladehawk as everything went off perfectly.
“Runner Two, SNOWLEOPARD, clear and free in flightzone. It was good to see you. Please be careful. NSS SNOWLEOPARD out.” 
Aria was watching both of her arrays intently. “SNOWLEOPARD, Runner Two, we A-C-K,” she clipped out. 
As Xiu-Li did a visual sweep of her cockpit (she was flying!) her eye caught Aria’s. The Niv woman was deep in decision making about whether to say anything more when their eyes met. Xiu-Li tilted her head just a second before moving on with her visual sweep and then back to her controls. Okay, now. “Runner Two, E.T.A. to WHEELER sixteen minutes total. Drives in fifteen seconds.”
“SNOWLEOPARD, Runner Two, clearing flightzone...” Aria sighed. “And being very careful. Thank you. Clear.” She looked out the front side window. “All clear this side,” she mumbled (it was supposed to explain her looking out the front side window).
“Okay, on the flightpath... Mm-hm, see what you mean. In realspace it’s a lighter touch.”
“Yes.”
In fact, the flight was technically uneventful from start to finish. The moment the docking cycle was complete, WHEELER went into full nightwatch, which meant all of the stand-by teams could relax and now everybody who was offwatch could sleep. 
Xiu-Li clearchecked through the ship shutdown list, and as she cut the main power, silence fell as the last unit died. “Wow.” Xiu-Li stretched. “It’s mocha time.” She looked over at Aria. “Thanks for letting me get some practice in.”
Aria blinked, puzzled. “Practice?”
Now Xiu-Li was puzzled. “Yes. Thanks.”
Aria’s weird mood seemed to lift. “Ensign Chen, who does the flight certifications on JOHN A. WHEELER?” She used a teasing/serious tone.
Xiu-Li swallowed. “I am guessing that would be you, m’am.” Seeing the twinkle reappear in Aria’s brown eyes, Xiu-Li went on hastily: “In your capacity as Chief Engineer, IWG-SS JOHN A. WHEELER.” Aria smiled. “M’am,” Xiu-Li added, mock contritely. Did that mean... ?
“I’m surprised you didn’t know this.”
“I thought the Captain –”
Aria nodded. “The type of people chosen to entrust Runners and give flight operation codes to, the ones selected or encouraged to apply, that is where captains and first officers give input. But only a Certified Flight Test Engineer can give final certification to new pilots.”
“As it should be, m’am” said Xiu-Li. “Of course.”
Aria sighed. “Relax, Xiu-Li,” she said softly. “Please. I’m just teasing you, I feel like I haven’t had a chance to in weeks.”
“Which part were you teasing me about?”
“Well,” Aria began seriously. “Perhaps my tone was...”
Xiu-Li suddenly giggled. “So I really am a pilot now?”
Aria looked puzzled. “Yes. I explained that.” She looked at Xiu-Li. “Do you tease me back, or are you being provocative?”
Xiu-Li slowly unbuckled the belts and lifted herself up out of the chair as if on a stage, and then she smiled. “Both. I’m a pilot, and they tend to be cocky.”
Aria looked skeptical. “Yet you are not equipped that way, as we both know.” But her eyes had followed Xiu-Li’s every move, and she looked more like the Aria of old: cool, sardonic, relaxed, and usually looking happy to see Xiu-Li. She was even teasing her friend again.
Xiu-Li put her hands on her hips: the ‘Very By The Book’ Look. “And you, m’am, are delaying the clearance of my Runner, so the dock gang can get to it.” 
Aria grinned and unbuckled herself. “These pilots you speak of, do they also tend to become pedantic pickwillies?”
Xiu-Li jerked. “‘P-pickwillies’?” She began to giggle.
Aria stood up. “Pickwillies.” She smiled, enjoying Xiu-Li’s laugh.
“Can a girl even be a ‘pickwillie’?”
The Niv woman pretended to think hard. “Umm... To my knowledge, anybody can be a pickwillie. But what kind of pickwillie... That’s a whole different menu.”
Xiu-Li smiled. “Not just ‘pedantic,’ then.”
Aria shook her head. She looked nervous again. They were standing close together inside the Runner, dimly lit by Entry lights. It was nice and quiet and private in here.
“I missed you, Aria,” said Xiu-Li, taking Aria’s hand. “Let’s go get something to drink, and you can tell me all about Ceti Tube Cats.”
Takaguchi was getting some coffee when they arrived at the Continuous Overwatch, a tiny room where general drinks and snacks were always available. He nodded at them, and then at Xiu-Li. “Nice trip back?”
She smiled. “Yes, sir. Thank you sir.”
“There are six months of flight probation and regular VirtuSim testing times ahead. Congratulations.”
“Thank you, sir.” She saluted.
While Aria went to a wall comm to check in, Xiu-Li loaded up a bowl with cookies (made by recently promoted ship chef Lieutenant (j.g), Atilio Hapgood, who had night-and-overwatch duty) plus a mocha for her and a milk shake for Aria – both also made by Hapgood himself, who stepped in and took over from the ensign on duty. “Hey, Five Star. Good to see you.”
“Atilio.”
“Five Star?” asked Aria, walking up as Hapgood finished making the milk shake. “Mmm, looks nice.”
“Thank you, m’am.” Hapgood grinned and nodded his head at Xiu-Li. “Winner of the 2171 and 2172 E.S.U. Arts Skills Tournament. Five Stars in the books. Quite a fighter.”
“Oh, I know,” said Aria, matter of factly. “Amazing, right?”
Hapgood nodded vigorously. “Yes, m’am. I wish I could have seen her training!” He chuckled. “They never let her spar or train with us at the University, being too advanced for us.” He looked at Xiu-Li. “They ran digividlink of the Finals, though.” He was still in awe, trying to figure out how she’d prevented a single point scored against her. “Wow.”
“Mm... Thanks, Atilio. These cookies look delicious.”
The wall comm chirped. Hapgood looked at the text message there and straightened, looking sheepish. He hit a button and turned. “Just a moment, there’s something here for you.” He disappeared into the rear section.
Aria smilled at her. “Another fan.”
Xiu-Li blushed.
Hapgood returned with a large mission kit sized bag. Inside was a hard, relatively heavy object. “This was part of the return shipment food exchange supplements from SNOWLEOPARD.”
Aria motioned to Xiu-Li’s full hands. “I’ll take it.” She hefted the bag. “Mmmmm...”
“What is it?”
“I’m going to guess it’s something good with cookies.”
Then they went to Xiu-Li’s quarters. Now she felt nervous, while Aria seemed to relax more every minute she was back on board WHEELER. In fact, she put down the kit bag and threw herself on Xiu-Li’s bed, sighing deeply. “Space!” She wiggled her feet. Xiu-Li sat in her chair, drank some coffee, and took a deep breath – home.
“Mmm, it feels good to be back here,” said Aria, softly. “May we listen to puresource jazz? Miles Davis? The song So What ?”
“Sure.” Xiu-Li got it and some other Miles Davis on the compsys and started the program. “Nice.” She checked the date. “Wow.” A performance over two hundred years old. “Really nice!” She picked up the kit bag and opened it.
Aria sighed happily. “Delicious, isn’t it?” She looked over at Xiu-Li. “One advantage of isolation is a deeper appreciation for the far past, for first origins.” She smiled. “You have heard of rock, the rhythm and blues, classical, and so on?”
Xiu-Li laughed. “My family had a number of musicians, on a variety of instruments and levels. Artists as well. I had little choice about hearing and seeing a little of everything.”
“That explains your Scholarly attributes.”
Xiu-Li sighed. “Makes me a truthful smart-ass.”
“I like that quality. You’re hardly the worst on board, anyway.” Aria stretched out. “Rrrrrrr.”
“You sound like a big cat.” Xiu-Li took a big box out of the bag.
Aria’s eyes were on her now. “You... Walk with cats, so... I suppose that’s to be expected around you.”
“Aria. Cat culture on Niv. Whatever this is. Please explain.” She sat down in her chair with the square box at her feet, looking at Aria.
“Open it.”
Inside were two spheres and two spoons. She took them out and found the top half slid around to reveal a frozen dessert. She looked at Aria, who just smiled lazily, watching her. She scooped out a spoonful and it was fruit ice creamy, deliciously sweet/tangy frozen, and the second spoonful was even more so. She heard Aria laugh; she must have been making quite a face. “Deep Space, Aria! What is it?”
A smoky chuckle. “Koo berry freeze. It is a classic Niv dessert served in an inner chilled bowl, also classic Niv design.”
“There’s a note... Bless your steps. And a paw print?” She held it up.
Aria narrowed her eyes a moment, then nodded. “Yes, that’s a paw print.” She giggled. “You’re even making four footed fans.”
“Mmmm...” She figured Priti had helped, or maybe Liana... But she wasn’t certain any longer. “Aria. The cat culture on Niv. Please.”
Aria smiled. “Schrodinger’s quantum cat exercise is one part –”
It was one of the classical quantum physics “thought experiments” which used the possible poisoning of a cat in a box as part of the set-up (if the box is sealed and the toxic is on a random number fuse, then the cat may be either dead or alive in there – a state that is undetermined without opening the box, the whole analogy devised to illustrate indeterminate states at quantum levels). Xiu-Li frowned. “That always sounded mean to me.”
Aria laughed. “This is why you walk with Cats. On Niv, we replace the toxin with a kitty treat, and the quantum state regards a fat cat or a hungry kitty. But homage to a physics thought experiment is one reason; a problem with local predators who ate all the dogs is the other. Then it seemed our cats – feline Domesticus, the house cats – developed their own relationships with local cat-like creatures, as descibed by Damon Corvel, who studied them.”
“Corvel’s Ceti Tube Cats.” She put down her empty bowl.
“Yes.”
Xiu-Li ate a cookie. “Mmm... Butternut dryberry.” She took a deep breath. “And my... Walking with them?”
Aria’s eyes narrowed. “That... Worries you?” She was trying to read Xiu-Li, who finally just nodded when her eyes teared up. Aria patted the bed.
Xiu-Li went over and sat down. “I know it’s silly. They are so-o cute... But they just seem to...” She didn’t want to say it.
Aria took her hand. “Pop out of nowhere, and leave the same way? Arrive when called for?”
“I didn’t call for it. Down on 19373. I was just...”
Aria rubbed her palm slowly. “You thought about Priti’s Cat.”
“Yes. That one is dark brown. The one on the planet was orange and white.”
Aria smiled. “It’s Sherbet, the ship Cat on SNOWLEOPARD. It was the one Cat that knew where it needed to be that moment, instead of sleeping on SNOWLEOPARD. It came when you called for it, and it found Liana again.” She rolled over on her side and put her other hand on top of Xiu-Li’s. Her eyes were luminous – not the dark black abyss of Priti, but a warmer, sweeter brown... “Evidently you are a Friend of Cats, as far as they are concerned... And welcomed as a Friend of Niv.”
“It was a lot of stuff, all at once... That was a formal Niv diplomatic invitation, then?”
Aria looked mock-pompous. “It bears all the markings of one.” She chuckled. “Ship’s protocols aside, you did personally save the ‘Daughter of Science,’ and ‘helped save’ the grandchildren of Admiral Kal, as Liana said.” She shook her head. “Oh, that was something. Kennel must have had a near meltdown, trying to figure out why the Cats would choose a rather thin, obviously angry Earth woman to walk with.”
“Angry I understand. What do you mean thin?”
“It’s just the differences in muscle mass distribution; Niv men are often heard to describe even heavily trained human women as ‘thin.’” 
“Do you think I’m thin?”
Aria sighed. “I find you closer to perfection every day, and I am concerned by the irrational aspects of this.”
Xiu-Li took a few seconds to digest that. “Th-thanks,” she said at last. “Umm... Aria, don’t people who, ahhh, ‘come together’ act in irrational ways, even on Niv? I mean, romance and passion have a depth and range that can be, well... irrational.”
“Mmmm... My concern is not on Niv.”
Whoa! Xiu-Li shook her head to clear it. “Why have the Cats chosen to walk with me?”
“We don’t know,” replied Aria. “Once a Cat becomes attached to a Niv it tends to show up around them, regardless of distance, should there be some indication of threat, or other need.” She sighed. “You are an absolute nexus for Chaos Theory Dynamics, Xiu-Li... But the Cats have never harmed a Niv, in the seventy two years since their initial discovery on the colony planet then called Gaia. I have always heard them associated with luck, and believe it myself, as irrational as that sounds.” Aria smiled. “The Cats seem to encourage that.”
“I feel dizzy,” said Xiu-Li, which was both true, and a cover to buy time to think about things. She really wanted to know who Miles Threnody was, and what history the sexy Captain Gatto and Aria might have had – but those questions might not help the mood… And she had missed Aria... And she was dizzy because her heart was pounding so hard now, and her palms were sweaty.
The Niv woman released Xiu-Li’s hand and rolled on her back, closing her eyes, a smile on her face. “I was Paleo-Camp Champion in the Atlatl Throw for three years.” Aria looked up at Xiu-Li, studied her a moment, then nodded. “That is a Threnody family tradition.” A look of both pride and anger there.
Xiu-Li, lost in confirmation of a passing image she’d had, almost missed the significance: Aria had told her something (and her face had shown something more) about her family. “You holding a throwing dart is a warrior image to rival mine, Aria.” She recalled heated arguments about Scholars of Niv and left it at that, although she wanted to say more.
Aria grinned. “You are being naughty, I can tell. After you saved my life you knelt over me, half naked and bleeding from your injuries, and asked me if I was hurt. I can’t see how you might see –”
“– How the power and beauty of a naked, oiled Aria Threnody throwing a dart half a meter deep into a target might not be erotic in some way?”
The Niv laughed. “What would the IWG psychologists say about that image? That goes all that way back to Vienna’s Freud.”
“Oh, Aria, sometimes a spear is just a spear.” Her eyes bore into the other woman’s. “It’s you I’m looking at, anyway.”
Aria blushed. “Well, maybe next time I get suitable materials.”
Xiu-Li did not look away. “You have all the materials you need with you, Aria. Just your mind... And your body.”
Neither had ever been quite this overt about the other, or their feelings; stayovers had been closer to University, which was the general way ship life was. But this was a bit more serious... Xiu-Li swallowed. “I mean, you saved my life by clobbering a Qet male with a boulder and rattling some rocks. How do I make that into a warrior’s image?” She was backing down.
“You don’t need an image. We don’t need the beach. I am right here.” Aria laughed. “Like one of your Cats.”
“Did you have a Cat?”
Aria smiled fondly. “Yes, I was lucky. As far as I know, it has a family on Niv several times over.” Her eyes narrowed. “We are dancing here, yes? Why?”
“I’m, uh, I’m...”
Aria began to laugh. It was relaxed and pure, and it sounded great, even as Xiu-Li blushed bright red. “People see people for different things and different reasons, Xiu-Li. You told me I needed a friend, and you were right, and here we are. Very Niv. Well, I tell you that Wolf Lobo is a gentleman and diligent thinker, and if you feel the same, you are as free to spend time with him as you would be with anyone else. It is irrational to act otherwise in this situation.” A shake of her head. “On Niv we treasure the moments and work for more, but know better than to demand things from the universe. It is clear to all you are attracted to the Lone Wolf, and I do appreciate how rational and yet fun he is.” Aria smiled. “He feels the same about you. So do I. I’m here now, so are you. There is no competition; I cannot rationally compete with a good looking, intelligent man like Wolf. It was amusing; I had to laugh.” Her brown eyes sparkled. “Because I am here. With you. Usually, I can’t be, but tonight, it has worked out. When the things you want to think and talk about, or do, are with me, we should see about spending time together, just like we are now. Tonight.”
Xiu-Li took a deep breath. Wow.
Aria chuckled. “Or is that just ‘too rational’ to work?”
Xiu-Li mock-frowned. “You keep changing the topic. We’ve gone from Cats to spears to the Lone Wolf.”
Aria stretched. “That is because I am relaxed and you are not.”
“It’s been... Quite an evening.”
“Then perhaps lying down here for a neuro Chakra point massage would help... Perhaps your stint as a pilot has made you tense.”
“Oh. That’s right.” Xiu-Li chuckled.
“Space, Xiu-Li! You didn’t forget!”
Xiu-Li unzipped her uniform. “I was distracted.” She shrugged it off her shoulders, letting it fall down slowly. “I’m only human.”

Dedication: To my parents, family, friends, and to cats – safe travels to all.
Chapter 09 - Author Info / Contact / Other Books
Author Info-Contact
B. B. Irvine was born in New York City in 1959. He graduated from the High School of Music and Art N.Y. (1976, music), State University of New York at Stony Brook (1980, B.A. liberal arts), and in 1982 received a certificate as a Physician Assistant from the Bowman Gray School of Medicine in North Carolina. He has worked in settings including emergency medicine, AIDS research, and addiction treatment in New York City, where he lives. 
In 1994 he earned a second degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do from Grandmaster Richard Chun. 
His novels and screenplays evidence his knowledge of people and frequently weave medicine, science, history, romance, and martial arts into the action. He entered the Smashwords universe in 2012 and in 2014 stepped happily into print. 

Contact/comments: bbirvineLit@gmail.com

Print Versions Available For:
No Choice [ISBN# 978-1-63192-649-5]
Running AMUC [ISBN# 978-1-63192-796-6]
Dishings At FIASCO’S [ISBN# 978-1-63192-895-6]
Hawkdove - Afghanistan, 11 December 2012 [ISBN# 978-1-63192-883-3]
Phase Change (2180) Spacer Series: Book 5 [ISBN# 978-1-48356-841-6]
They’re Raping Our Moon And Other Tales Of A Near Future 
[ISBN# 978-1-54397-514-7]

R’Lyeh Rises-Cthulu Awakes 
[ISBN# 978-1-09832-604-3 / Print volume includes SHOGGOTH UNBOUND]

Supervoid (2183) [ISBN# 978-1-66781-554-1]

Action? Adventure? Science fiction? Romance? e-Books by B. B. Irvine provide them all! Check @ smashwords.com for:

The Spacer Series
Mariposa (2173) Book 01: Ensign Chen (eBook - Free!)
On a survey of planet Deepstrike, 34 light years from Earth, newly promoted Space Fleet Ensign Xiu-Li Chen uses her butterfly swords and fierce determination to survive first contact with the Qet, a violent human-like alien species. [Free eBook]

Conflict (2176) Book 02: Lieutenant Chen (eBook)
Commanding her own combat rescue ship SR/T CATFISH at Van Mannen’s Star, medic Lieutenant Xiu-Li Chen finds herself leading a critical tactical combat mission at what will be known as the Battle Of Hellhole.

Darkeyes (2178) Book 03: Lieutenant Commander Chen (eBook)
After a combat rescue mission crash on Jade, an Exotic Niv woman with matte black skin rescues Lieutenant Commander Xiu-Li Chen, then both are transferred to JOHN A. WHEELER, the first starship Xiu-Li served on. Later, the WHEELER needs Lieutenant Ecurba’s skills during a dangerous tactical interception at planet Deepstrike.

Victory Saved (2179) Book 04: Commander Chen (eBook)
First Officer Xiu-Li Chen saves her crew on battle damaged IWG VICTORY then faces mutiny during return to Earth, while on Niv, the planet at Tau Ceti, Lieutenant Ecurba becomes a hero to the mysterious Ceti Cats and the neosapien Niv.

Phase Change (2180) Book 05: Captain Chen (eBook, Print: ISBN# 978-1-48356-841-6)
Captain Xiu-Li Chen leaves her starship SAS JAGUAR to discover what happened to the missing crew on board a drifting, empty science ship. When armed raiders arrive to salvage the hulk, First Officer Ecurba must take JAGUAR into harm’s way to protect his captain. 

Qet Contact (2180) Book 06 (eBook)
During final negotiations formalizing the Human Sphere’s entry into the Assembly Of Sentients, Captain Xiu-Li Chen saves the alien Qet leader from an assassination attempt and Commander Ecurba falls in love with the Qet-Qeta’s daughter during sanctuary on SAS JAGUAR.

Greatstar Lost (2181) Book 07: Captain Ecurba (eBook)
As Captain Xiu-Li Chen settles into her role as Steward of the Human Sphere, the catastrophic destruction of a GREATSTAR ship in an attack sends SAS VICTORY and newly promoted Captain Ecurba and his wife Qet-Sia on a deep space rescue mission.

Qet Toccata (2181) Book 08 (eBook)
On planet Deepstrike Captain Ecurba battles a plan to imprison and control Ceti Cats in order to kill seventy eight billion Qet and destroy the Qet Sphere, while on Cape Of Velvet Captain Xiu-Li Chen seeks out the Niv criminal responsible.

Past, Present, and Future (2176-2194) Book 9.1 (eBook)
Stories include Ecurba’s rescue of 31 kids during Operation NESTKNOCK (2176), his meeting of a daughter he did not know he had (2194), the full closing of the circle between Admiral Xiu-Li Chen and Captain Priti Fareyes (2192), and Admiral Chen’s meeting with “Katsavr’s Qitten” (2194).

The Secret Navigator (2182) Book 10 (eBook)
While their Qet-Qeti leader looks for a rumored artifact on Deepstrike (human population 20,000), two million Qet Simple Believer warriors start assembling nearby. Can Captains Ecurba and Chen get the Human Sphere out of this?

Supervoid (2183)  (eBook, Print: ISBN# 978-1-66781-554-1) 
Suggested in 2007, detected in 2015, the Supervoid is empty space over a billion light years in area which is 3 billion light years away toward the constellation Eridanus. Speculation among physicists runs a gamut: Is it merely empty? Is it from a collision with another Universe? Or is it a rip in space? In 2183 a starship is flown there to find out, and the result is Supervoid (2183).

Science Fiction:
Shoggoth Unbound (eBook)
Former Air Force Pararescue specialist Sam Oliver joins the Hobblestone-Thorpe 2012 Antarctic Expedition on the ice sheet at the base of Mount Takahe, never dreaming that within it he will encounter an absolute impossibility and be the only person to return alive and able to warn the world what has broken free.

R’Lyeh Rises - Cthulu Awakes (eBook, Print:* ISBN# 978-1-09832-604-3)
“Mayday” and “abandoning ship” are the last words heard from Clementine Prioress, the only survivor of a ship torn apart somehow, sending Sam Oliver to the South Pacific to save her. (*Print version also includes SHOGGOTH UNBOUND ) 

They’re Raping Our Moon And Other Tales Of A Near Future 
(eBook, Print: ISBN# 978-1-54397-514-7)
Three novellas in one book:
They’re Raping Our Moon: Two weeks before America’s 2017 presidential inauguration, a flash of light in the distant Kuiper Belt heralds an Object now approaching Earth, setting off a global crisis; deciphering its intent is critical, but is a response possible? Or does the world stand by even as the incoming president-elect tweets, “They’re raping our Moon.” The question on everyone’s mind: Where will the Object go next?
The Zipper Zapper: A product tester must outwit the latest “smartjacket” he wears before it kills him. 
Renewals: A man’s brain keeps getting new bodies to live in.

Romance/Mystery/Action/Suspense:
No Choice (eBook, Print: ISBN#978-1-63192-649-5)
Shooting a man with a police woman’s gun to save her daughter’s life reveals Thorn is living in New York City. Locals seek revenge against him as others around the globe who identify Thorn want him killed for past actions against them while he served with the US military.
Thorn evades local “wannabes” looking to make names by beating him up, and then learns of more serious firepower seeking him from FBI Special Agent Bernise Cruz, who he is being investigated by. The second team is not so easily “evaded,” and between his injuries and possible forensic traces, Thorn is running out of chances. Then a team of merciless cartel killers stalks Thorn through Fort Tryon Park and threatens the citizens of Washington Heights. 

Hawkdove-Afghanistan, 11 December 2012 (eBook, Print: ISBN# 978-1-63192-883-3)
After a helicopter flying the US Secretary of State crashes during a “beyond secret” mission in eastern Afghanistan in early December 2012, Army Lt. Michelle “Hawkdove” Paris must keep her alive and out of enemy hands until they can be rescued from hostile territory.

Knife Hand Strike (eBook)
After his Tae Kwon Do teacher becomes a serial murder suspect, Doctor Andy Bosch joins the legal team and lawyer Jenna Gates to find the real killer. Suspense, romance, and a confrontation with a deadly fighter result.

Russia Del Sol (eBook)
Robert Kinross wakes up in the trunk of a car in Russia on his way to a job interview that will put his life in danger as he and the people he is guiding travel from Russia, to Finland, Marseille, and then to a dangerous reception in Spain.

Just Do Me A Favor (eBook)
Doing a friend a favor isn’t supposed to risk life and limb, but that’s what happens when millionaire Baxter Benton asks his old pal Leto Macellum for one. Within six hours Leto has nearly been blown up, beaten up, shot (twice), and Baxter has vanished into the Florida sunshine. Will this favor cost Leto his life?

Comedy:
Running AMUC (eBook, Print = ISBN# 978-1-63192-796-6)
“Welcome to this opening of the Arte Museum of Unusual Crafts,” reads the press release; in fact, the museum has been open for eight months with few visitors. Will this “Opening Night” do the trick? It starts with the main show going missing, includes a killer cook in Café D’AMUC, a temperamental artist, and a local burglar hiding in the museum. Have fun, just don’t eat the crunchy cheese! 

Dishings at Fiasco’s (eBook, Print = ISBN# 978-1-63192-895-6)
A writer recounts odd conversations and other humorous diversions he has experienced at FIASCO’S, winner of the Least Awful Gourmet Award for its “signature Italian-type food,” whatever that is. Meet owner Adolfo MacDuff, maitre’d Carmina Burana, chef Falcon Roost, and all the characters often present as they seek answers to questions like whether a vampire polar bear could turn into a bat. 

More Dishings at Fiasco’s (eBook)
Somehow FIASCO’S continues serving drinks and “Italian type food” to regulars as well as less discerning customers; so do the adventures of the hapless author of the fabeled screenplay KONG FU, who keeps trying to make sense of it all, whether it’s entertainment like “Karaoke Pole Dancing,” the night “Mister Forgetter” met “Dr. Forgetitall,” the gaggle of the owner’s ex-wives who attend “Harpy Hour,” a lecture by Dr. Cedric Homard on lobster intelligence, or the sultry maître d’ Carmina Burana. At least the portions are still big as ever.

A Selection from the Memoirs of Leopold LaPied (eBook - Free!)
An obscure medieval author travels with Geoffrey Chaucer and the pilgrims to Canterbury, as Chaucer chronicled in The Canterbury Tales: Leopold LaPied was there, although he did not make it into the Tales. Found in an old shoebox, this exercise in academic satire includes an afterword introduction, and commentaries. [Free e-Book]

The Anna and Caitlin Adventures
Silk In A Firesuit (eBook)
Pulled from a fiery crash, race car driver Dr. Anna Korsova falls for her rescuer, Deputy Sheriff Caitlin Shea. When Caitlin later joins Anna’s new stock car team as security director, she soon finds herself drawn to Anna as well.

Racing Hearts (eBook)
After being kidnapped, ex-deputy sheriff Caitlin Shea fights to save both her life and Anna Korsova’s, the woman she loves, from a man obsessed with killing Anna. 

Love At Many Speeds (eBook)
Moving to a new Indy Type car team, driver Anna Korsova also faces two rivals: Patti York on the race track for a first win, and Sarka Sandbourne at home, where the British starlet is researching a film role by spending time with Caitlin Shea while Anna’s on the road.
###
