Martin

By Andrew Weaver
Martin

Published by Andrew Weaver at Smashwords

Copyright Andrew Weaver 2012







Table of Contents

Introduction
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Epilogue


Introduction

This is the first, and no doubt will be the last book to be written by Martin Chalfont. It is very deliberately written as fiction, although everything within these pages is based on actual events. To avoid identification, all names and places have been changed. This includes the name of Martin Chalfont and also the country these events took place in.
Delve deeper, and you will begin to understand why. This has been done not only to protect the author, but also to protect others. Protect them from what? That question remains unanswered. Even now, some two years after Martin regained his freedom, it is still unclear from whom he is running and hiding.
Is it a large organisation attempting to conceal evidence after carrying out some very strange and dubious experiments? Is it a government organisation? Suspicion it would seem, points to them both. There is a third possibility remaining, without doubt the most disturbing. I will not go into detail here however; understanding will come as you read into the story. The facts will gradually unfold.
I first met Martin about six weeks after he managed to escape. At the time he was going through the motions of desperately trying to drop out of society, attempting to evade those who continue to pursue him to this day. Martin began to believe and trust in me a few weeks after our initial meeting, and it was only then that he began to tell me his fantastic story. Many enjoyable and rather surrealistic hours were spent together as he told me the things that had happened, and were continuing to happen to him. I queried everything, recording all our conversations, and many of the passages in the book remain unchanged from those recordings.
I have in my possession Martin’s secret dossier – without which I would not have believed a word. Martin’s story is supported by much of the dossier, which makes the rest much more credible. No part of this dossier will be made public, unless Martin or myself are targeted. If that were to happen, arrangements have been made and the dossier will be published.
Martin wants his story told in the hope that people will begin to question those strange inexplicable events that seem to happen to most people from time to time. In so doing, it is his hope that demands will be made, questions asked. Who or what is really behind these events? Perhaps then the truth will be learned.

Andrew Weaver

Chapter One

Present Day

I became aware that it had suddenly got much brighter and I could feel myself gradually waking up. I opened my eyes and stretched myself to find the sun streaming in through the window into the bedroom. Bedroom, what bedroom? Where the hell was I? I was expecting to awake in the lab, but I was here, in this bed, in this room that I did not know.
I pulled myself up, resting my head on a couple of large pillows; I could now take in my surroundings a lot better, which did not help and only seemed to make things worse. This was all very frightening and try as I might, I did not recognise anything at all. I was, however, now able to make out some of the noises around me. From outside there was the sound of traffic, and in the background I could just make out that there was very definitely somebody else in this house, but who? I did not know what the hell was going on. I had been fully awake for a good two or three minutes now and still I had no idea of where I was. Whoever else was in the house was now coming up the stairs and I really did not know what to do, or what to expect. I was starting to get myself into a real panic and I could feel my heart racing. I felt completely lost. Who was it that was now coming up the stairs, and just what was going to happen?
A woman purposefully strode into the bedroom. She was about my age, tall with short brown hair. Looking at me through her gold rimmed glasses she then addressed me ‘I know it’s your day off Martin, but don’t think that you are going to stay in bed all day!’ She then came over to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek ‘I’m running late darling so I really must dash. Oh I nearly forgot, your mother just phoned, your parents are coming over on Monday for a couple of days.’ She looked at me quizzically before asking ‘Everything all right? You seem very quiet?’
Damn right I was quiet, just what do you say to a total stranger that addresses you as though she was your wife? Hang on; now that she had been talking to me for a minute or two, there was some sort of familiarity. ‘I’m just a little tired, don’t you worry about me, you have a good day,’ was the only thing I could think of saying in reply.
‘I keep telling you Martin that you work too hard, you know that? Anyway, be good and I’ll see you tonight,’ and then she was gone from the room. I heard her go down the stairs, followed by the front door closing shut. She then got into a car, started the engine and then drove off, whoever she was.
That had got to be one of the strangest experiences that had ever happened to me. I lay there for another minute or two and then it just seemed to get even stranger. For that woman that I didn’t know a moment ago was none other than my wife of seventeen years, and her name is Caroline. I looked around the room once again, and I now realised that I was actually in my own bedroom. Bloody hell, what was happening to me? Was I going mad? I decided that I really must get out of bed and get myself ready for the day.
I headed straight for the bathroom and a hot shower to get myself out of my strange slumber. As I showered, I slowly came to realise that everything around me was now completely familiar. It was as if I had only just now fully woken up from what felt like a very deep sleep. I also remembered that it was Friday and I had a long weekend to myself. I was still very perplexed at how odd I had felt when I first awoke. It was almost as though I had become somebody completely different. That was some bloody dream; I must have been so tired. Caroline must have been right when she had said that I was working too hard, but not to recognise her for a couple of minutes, now that was scary.
With my shower finished, I got dressed and went downstairs to have my breakfast. Sitting at the dining table I started to read the newspaper whilst tucking into my toast. I had been reading for only a minute or two and then something struck me. What was it Caroline had said to me this morning? That’s right, my mother had phoned to say that they would be coming over on Monday. My mother? But isn’t my mother…dead? What could have possibly possessed her to say that? No, that’s not right…what on earth could I have been thinking? I don’t know why, but for a few moments I had somehow convinced myself that my mother had actually died a couple of years ago - in some sort of a boating accident. How strange, I could not begin to understand where I got that idea, especially as she doesn’t even like boats!
I sat there munching on my toast thinking about it all. I wake up, not knowing where I am and not even recognising my own wife, and then I get it into my head that my mother had died two years ago. Was that all part of the dream that I had had last night? It was, without doubt, the most dramatic and extraordinary dream that I ever had. However, in spite of how vivid it had all been when I first awoke, I could now barely remember any of it, except that every now and then I was feeling a little unreal, if not a little detached.
I returned to the bathroom and brushed my teeth. I glanced at myself in the mirror and started to move away. However, once again something struck me as odd, and so I returned to the mirror. I was right; there above my right eyebrow was a slight scar. I looked hard at it and then ran my finger over it. I was bemused. Where had it come from? I could feel myself suddenly getting hot as I again I struggled to come to terms with what was happening to me.
I returned to finish the newspaper and after reading for only a minute or two, it all came back to me. I had got the scar from the skiing accident three years ago in Austria. How could I have forgotten such an event? I had been in hospital overnight, and I can clearly recall how horrible the whole thing was.
I was now beginning to seriously question my sanity. This problem had never happened to me before, and I had been just fine only yesterday. So what the hell was happening to my memory today? Tired from working too hard is one thing, but to start to lose entire chunks of your past life for a few minutes every now and then is definitely not normal. I was now feeling a bit freaked out - and a little scared.
I glanced at my watch: half past eight. As it was Friday Caroline should be home at about four today. I now remembered what I had planned for my morning. It was Caroline’s birthday in a couple of weeks and I really should get myself off to the shops to get her something. I also have to phone Colin to meet up for lunch somewhere. I would then do a spot of gardening in the afternoon, and that should keep me pretty much occupied until Caroline got home.
I called Colin at work and had to get him out of an important meeting, which did not seem to really please him. However, Colin knows very well that I place a great deal of importance in arranging lunch on my day off, and so we agreed to meet up at one o’clock at the ‘The Cobblers.’ Perfect. I would leave the house for the shops in a couple of hours and meet up with Colin a little later.
As my mind went back to reading the newspaper, I had this rather odd feeling that many of the people, not to mention a large number of world events, seemed to be completely new to me. It was as though much that had been going on recently had simply passed me by. I again started to question my own memory but then concluded that it was probably just down to the fact that I simply had not followed events as much as I used to. After all, I had been very busy these last few months, as Caroline liked to keep reminding me every other day.
I decided there was plenty of time before I left for the shops to give my car a well-deserved wash. It had not been cleaned for a good couple of months, and so I might as well make the most of the glorious weather.
I finished hosing the car down and now went to work with the sponge. The car had been absolutely filthy. I really should not let it get in such a state. As I sponged the bonnet an odd thought crossed my mind. I stood upright and took a couple of steps back and keenly looked at the car. For a moment there I thought I was washing a different car altogether. It was some sort of a flash sports car - like a classic car. How strange was that? I’ve never owned or washed a classic car in my life. What a surreal thought! Mind you, it did get me to thinking. Maybe a classic car isn’t so fanciful after all. Yes, I could just picture one in the driveway. I had never really thought about sports or classic cars before. I returned to the cleaning of the car. However the idea of owning some sort of sports car did somehow now appeal to me.
With the car now glinting in the sunlight, I decided that rather than driving as I usually did, just for a change I would walk myself into town as I still had plenty of time on my hands. The walk took me around fifty minutes and it felt good in this wonderful weather. My first day off in around five weeks! It was only now that I fully appreciated that I really did need some time off - this did feel good.
Unfortunately, now that I was at the shops, I sadly had the unenviable task of finding something that would genuinely surprise Caroline on her birthday, but what? I really hated shopping, and trying to find something that she would really like and appreciate just drove me up the wall.
After going round the shops for around an hour or so, I finally managed to find the perfect present. I would treat her to a rafting weekend! It’s funny, I don’t remember her ever saying that she wanted to try rafting, but I was pretty sure that she would like it. Anyway, if nothing else, it would certainly surprise her!
I checked the time, half past twelve, plenty of time - that gave me some thirty minutes before I was to meet up with Colin. One thing that I did want to get for myself before we did meet up was a classic car magazine. I had never bought one of these magazines before, and yet for some odd reason I found myself desperate to find out more about classic cars. It was as though deep down I had been somehow missing out on something that I really should be interested in. 
So having bought myself a couple of magazines, I made my way to the The Cobblers. I ordered our agreed meals and some drinks and found us both a table. As soon as I was seated I wasted no time and quickly got out one of the magazines to read. However, the very moment I opened one of the covers, Colin arrived and joined me at the table.
‘Martin, good to see you’, he said before noticing the magazine that I was now closing. ‘Not interrupting anything I hope?’
‘Not at all Colin, nope – just killing time. How are you doing? Haven’t seen you for oh, a good six, or seven weeks.’
‘Yeah and tell me, just who’s fault is that eh? When was the last time we had a good evening in with Angela and Caroline? Speaking of Caroline, how is she? I bet she doesn’t stop complaining to you about your workload - cos she sure as hell moans about it to Angela on the phone, constantly I can tell you,’ he answered as he sat down opposite me.
‘I know,’ I replied holding my hand up ‘Guilty as charged. The last few weeks have been bloody hellish at work, but I suppose it was worth it, I finally got the contract – thank God, and now I can start to relax a little.’
‘Well, in that case I reckon that it will be you who will be buying us lunch today, just think of all that l-o-v-e-l-y commission. Any ideas what you might spend it on? No, don’t tell me…you’re thinking about one of those fancy cars, aren’t you?’
‘I don’t know yet. Anyway, I need to actually get paid first. It’s okay though, you don’t need to worry, lunch is on me, especially as you and poor Angela have had to put up with all the sob stories from Caroline over the past few weeks. And, to answer your earlier question Colin, yes Caroline is just fine, thanks for asking. Apart from the moaning, the lectures, do this, don’t do that, you know, just the usual!’ I finished off with a laugh and emptied the remains of my glass.
‘Yeah, you and me both Martin, you and me both! So what’s with the sudden interest in classic cars? I thought that the only thing that you knew about cars was that you’ve got a red one with a distinctive rusting dent that’s been there for at least two years, and that Caroline’s got a silver one, which is newer than yours - am I right?’
‘I still don’t know anything about cars, probably never will.’
I thought about the very surreal day that I had experienced so far and quickly decided to not say anything to Colin. I was convinced he would probably think I was starting to lose it. Nevertheless, I saw no harm in telling him about the strange feeling I had when washing my car earlier this morning.
‘I’ll tell you what was a bit weird though, when I was washing my car I just had this urge to get myself one of those sports or classic cars. Don’t know why really, anyway, that’s why I got myself a couple of car magazines and, because you interrupted me when you came in - I’m still none the wiser as I haven’t read a single word.’
Colin just laughed before asking, ‘So what sort of car are you looking for? Any ideas yet? Not one of those bloody foreign jobs I hope!’
‘Nope, haven’t a clue, don’t know the first thing about them. Anyway, why are we talking about cars? What have you been up to?’
‘Loads, as always, but before I start to talk about what we’ve been doing, I think I should tell you what Caroline was saying to Angela this morning.’
I looked at Colin. He was looking very relaxed, but serious, and I had absolutely no idea what was coming next. I now waited with some trepidation for what he was about to say. Just what the hell had Caroline said this time?
Our meals arrived along with another round of drinks. We thanked the girl for our food then he continued, ‘Now I know that you know, that they are always on the phone to each other, never off the bloody phone, God knows what they talk about for so long!’ Colin paused for a moment. I could see that he was not really sure what to say next ‘Martin, I digress. You see, Angela gives me a call just before I left the office, as she knew that we were going to meet for lunch. I don’t know what you said or did this morning, but it sure as hell upset Caroline. According to Angela, I know this sounds a bit strange, but anyway, Caroline was saying that when she looked into your eyes this morning, she didn’t know who you were. It was like you were somebody completely different.’
I could feel myself suddenly getting very angry. Just what was all this about? This bizarre situation was now starting to take on a life of its own. I could clearly remember how I felt when I first woke this morning, and yes Caroline was right; I didn’t know who she was for a few minutes. But for her to say that she did not know me when she looked into my eyes, just what was that all about? And to go and bloody phone Angela who then gets my friend to mention it over lunch, now that really did piss me off. Just how the hell was I supposed to answer that?
I shook my head a little before I answered ‘I upset her? Well if I did, I had no idea that I had, and I thought it was me that had been working too hard! So, do tell me Colin, what’s your role in all this and…and, what else has Caroline been saying to you about me via Angela?’
‘Martin, now don’t get me wrong. I knew as soon as I said anything that you would immediately get defensive - and I don’t blame you. No, it’s nothing like that at all. Yes, it’s true that they are always on the phone to each other; we both know that, and I’m pretty damn sure that they are discussing and moaning about us both to each other. No, what happened this morning was a one off, and even though it was Angela’s idea that I mention to you how Caroline was this morning, she nevertheless does not want Caroline to realise that we both now know what she said. Don’t want to upset their relationship; you know - girl’s talk and all that. Angela was just concerned that Caroline was upset, that’s all, and that’s how I got dragged in.’ Colin paused, then looked directly at me, smiled and then added, ‘Nothing sinister at all. So I’ve done my duty, as per my instructions. Just please don’t say anything about this to Caroline.’
I was still a bit pissed off with the whole situation, if not at all of them. However, we had been friends for a good few years, and all said and done, I did trust Colin. ‘Don’t worry, I won’t say anything tonight. Your secret is safe with me. I suppose I will just have to stop looking at her in a funny way first thing in the morning. And there I was thinking that I always looked my best at first light!’
He let out a laugh before saying, ‘I’m not even going to go there, no definitely not. I think it’s best that we just change the subject, don’t you?’
‘Without doubt Colin, without a doubt,’ I quickly answered. ‘So what about you, what have you been up to? Anything new at work?’
‘It’s still busy, but it’s pretty much the same as before. Nothing has really changed since you left, when was it now? Of course, December, bloody hell, I hadn’t realised that it’s been six months since you left. If I had known that, then we could have celebrated, with you buying the drinks!’
‘I keep telling you Colin, come and join me. It’s good fun working for yourself, you’ll enjoy it – take it from me.’
‘I might just take you up on your offer - one day, but as you know there are the downsides. Just look at all the hours you keep putting in, and when was the last time that you took a holiday? I’m not sure if I, or Angela for that matter, could really live with that.’
Colin glanced at his watch and then said, ‘Nearly two, I had better start to make tracks or I will end up late. You want a lift home, or are you just walking back?’
I decided to take up his offer. I knew that if I didn’t, I would end up by not getting anything done this afternoon. On the way back to my house, we arranged for the four of us to have an evening together at their place the following night. Pulling up outside my house, Colin turned to me and said, ‘Clean car? What’s this, you feeling all right? Ooh, I simply can’t wait to see Caroline’s face when she comes home from work one day to find a beat up rusty old banger, sorry, what I meant to say was a classic car, sitting in the driveway.’ I could still hear his laughter as he drove away.
With less than two hours to go before Caroline got home, I decided to keep myself going with a spot of gardening as the weather was definitely encouraging me to stay outdoors.
The time just flew by, and for once I was actually enjoying myself pottering around in the garden. I decided to call it a day as Caroline was about to get home. Sitting in the recliner in the sun, I was now feeling totally relaxed. At last I came to realise that I had indeed been working too hard recently. It was wonderful not to worry about contract negotiations, or worse.
As I began to ponder my day, it was beginning to feel just a little unreal; it was almost as if I were slightly disconnected in a way that I really could not understand. I awoke to find that I did not know where I was and did not recognise Caroline, and according to Colin, she did not know me when she looked into my eyes. I then found that I had inexplicably convinced myself that my own mother had been dead for two years. Then I started to imagine that I was washing a different car to my own, and I’m now left feeling desperate to look at classic car magazines. To top it all off, I find myself relaxing after enjoying myself in the garden. I have always hated gardening – with a passion. That has always been Caroline’s domain, not mine. The more I thought about it, the more bewildered I felt. I was also convinced that it had absolutely nothing to do with all the hours I had been putting in recently. I again started to question my own sanity, just as I had done earlier this morning. 
I heard the sound of a car pulling up in the driveway that I knew could only be Caroline. That rescued me from all of the strange and weird thoughts I was having. I felt quite relieved, and that was in spite of what Colin had said about Caroline over lunch. I came to the decision that it would be far wiser for me to act as though I knew nothing of what Colin had said to me earlier. As far as I was concerned, if I began to even mention this morning, it would probably just get us both into a very surreal and meaningless discussion that would end up going nowhere.
Caroline was now starting to empty the boot of her car with the weekly supermarket run. We greeted each other over some shopping bags and together we took everything into the kitchen.
‘So how was your day?’ I enquired.
‘It was okay. Nothing to speak of really. I’m just glad that it’s the weekend,’ she smiled at me before asking excitedly, ‘Well, come on, what do you think?’
I had no idea what she wanted me to say, and the only thing I could do was to return her questioning look with a blank stare.
I could immediately see in her face that I was in trouble. ‘My hair Martin, my hair – God, I don’t think that you listen to anything that I say, or do for that matter. I really don’t know why I bother sometimes!’
I don’t remember any discussion about her bloody hair at all, but it was more than apparent that I had to rescue myself somehow. The odd thing was that try as I might, I simply could not picture her hair other than the way it was now looking. ‘Of course you’ve done your hair, and no, I had not forgotten. Your hair is looking just lovely, it really does suit you. You know what I’m like; I thought you were talking about something else. So, who was it that cut your hair?’
Caroline just looked at me. I could tell that she was not sure if my response was genuine, or if I was just simply trying to cover up the large hole that I had just dug for myself.
‘It was Barbara.’ Her answer was a little less frosty than her previous statement and I decided that now would be a good time to move things on.
‘I’ve arranged with Colin for all of us to meet up at their place tomorrow. Not only that, but Colin has promised that he will do the honours in the kitchen.’
I could see in her face that I had now managed to steer us onto a better subject. ‘Oh that will be nice. It feels that we haven’t seen them for ages.’
For the next two or three hours we idled our time way just generally chatting about this and that, as together we both pottered around the house and garden. It felt like we had not really spoken to each other for so many weeks, and this was all rather pleasant. I was glad to have a long weekend, for I had begun to realise that through my work I had indeed been neglecting Caroline. No wonder she was always moaning about me to Angela.
At Caroline’s suggestion we got ourselves a Chinese takeaway meal delivered as the two of us could not really be bothered to cook now that we were both so relaxed. With the weather still very pleasant and warm we decided to take our food outside, accompanied by the obligatory bottle of wine. Finishing my first sip of wine I now turned my attention to my meal that looked very appetising. As I started to twirl my food around my fork, a thought suddenly entered my mind. Was that egg-fried rice in my plate? I thought I was allergic to eggs, so why did I order this?
I could see that Caroline had noticed me pondering my plate. ‘What’s wrong with your food Martin?’
‘I’ve got egg-fried rice.’
‘Didn’t you want that? I thought that’s what you always have, isn’t it?’
Caroline had her puzzled ‘What the hell are you talking about?’ face on, and it was directed at me.
She was right. I always had egg-fried rice. In fact, now that I had a few moments to think about it, I was not allergic to any foods, whatsoever. What was wrong with me? Where on earth did that idea come from? However, I quickly realised that once again I had to rescue the situation with Caroline, and fast. ‘Good, yes, egg-fried rice. Don’t know why, but for a moment there I thought it had been forgotten. This all looks rather good doesn’t it?’
‘You have been acting funny from the moment you woke up this morning, you know that? Don’t know what’s got into you Martin, I really don’t.’ She shook her head at me and then the two of us returned to eating our meal, in silence.
Once more I started to question my own memory, not to mention my sanity. I really could not work out where all these strange notions that repeatedly popped into my head were coming from. As for my memory lapses, which by any standards had been pretty severe all day, well they were without doubt beginning to frighten me.
There were only a few hours of the evening left now that we had finished our meal. We both decided to spend the time by reading - which I thought was rather pleasant, more so for me as I hadn’t picked up a book in ages. A couple of hours later, as we put our books down, I started to think about what we were to do tomorrow. I knew that we are going to Angela’s and Colin’s in the evening, but I really could not remember if we had decided on anything for the day itself. Caroline must have read my mind as she then asked me, ‘You have remembered that I’m going out about half ten tomorrow, haven’t you?’
No I had not. It was the first that I knew about it. Again I felt that I was fumbling around in the dark for something sensible and coherent to say. ‘Of course I have. When do you think you’ll be back?’
‘Not sure, sometime in the afternoon though. You made up your mind what you’re doing yet Martin?’
‘No, I’m not planning anything for tomorrow. I’m just going to relax and take it as it comes, taking your advice – you see, I do listen to you!’
So that was tomorrow sorted out. I had no idea where Caroline was going, but it was more than obvious that she had at some time told me of her plans. Once again, very disturbingly, it was very apparent that there was yet another gaping hole in my memory.
We both retired for the day and went to bed. As I now lay with my head upon the pillow, the only thing that I really wanted was for a good night’s sleep and no more of those weird and strange dreams. I had been in bed for no more than five minutes and I could now feel myself quickly dozing off.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

‘Come on sleepyhead, it’s time for your breakfast,’ Caroline called as I gradually came out of my slumber. It suddenly got very bright. She had pulled back the curtains to let the sun stream in across the bedroom. How thoughtful of her.
I let the duvet fall from my face and slowly opened my eyes to see Caroline doing something at the dressing table. ‘Morning, what time is it?’ I asked.
‘Half past eight and if you remember, you did say that you would have breakfast with me.’ As she left the room I heard her shout out, ‘Breakfast on the table in five minutes.’
After getting myself out of bed, I then made my way down to the table. ‘Morning, sleep well?’
She came over and kissed me on the cheek. ‘Like a baby darling, and how’s you? You’re looking a lot brighter than you did yesterday. Feeling better are we?’
I sat down at the table. Yesterday? Yes that was certainly one hell of a day, and until Caroline had reminded me just then, I had not even thought about it. Now that did make me feel pretty damn good, as today felt just like a normal day.
‘Yes, I must admit I did feel a bit off yesterday. I can’t really explain it, but I’m just fine now and your coffee smells great. What a way to start the day!’
As we started to eat our breakfast I noticed the magazines that I had bought yesterday were still on the dining table. I pulled one of them over to me and started to aimlessly flick through the pages.
‘I saw those this morning,’ said Caroline as she poured our coffee. ‘Since when have you been interested in classic cars?’
‘I’m not, but it’s a funny thing you know…,’ I was not really sure how to finish answering her. ‘…just yesterday when I was washing the car, it just occurred to me that a sports car, you know one of those older ones, would be nice.’ I paused for a couple of moments before adding, ‘I’m not saying that I think we should go and buy one. I just want to look into it, that’s all.’
I could see Caroline smirking slightly before saying, ‘Whatever you say Martin. So come on then, what have you decided to get?’
‘No, it’s not like that. In fact this is the first time that I’ve looked at these mags since I bought them home yesterday. No really, I’m just looking, that’s all. Anyway, you know me Caroline, when it comes to cars you probably know a lot more about them than I do!’
As we had been talking I was continuing to flick through the pages, even though I was not really paying any real attention to what I was looking at. Then, one of the pages I had just passed suddenly caught my eye and I quickly returned to it. I opened the page fully and was stunned by what I saw. I could feel the hair on my neck rising and my pulse was starting to quicken. I looked at the car and then at its number plate. It was such a shock; it was as if I had been smacked across the face.
‘Caroline look, look that’s my car!’ I shouted out as I pointed at the picture in front of me. ‘That’s my car, what’s it doing there – in the magazine?’
‘Martin, all you have to say to me is, ‘This is the car that I would like, not…’
I did not let her finish. ‘No no you don’t understand. Look it’s that beautiful white Lotus Esprit S1 and it has the registration TOL 006. It’s the same one that was first tested by Motor Magazine when I was a kid. It’s what got me so fanatical about Lotus cars. Caroline, that’s why I bought that car. I can remember it all like it was only yesterday. Trying to trace the car, the negotiations, finally buying it, and then actually driving it home. What a car! So what is it…’
I was unable to finish as at the top of her voice she screamed at me, ‘Martin for God’s sake, what the hell are you talking about?’
I looked up to see her bemused and frightened face and suddenly it was like my mind snapping out of a dream. I looked down at the picture. The car still looked very familiar and although deep down I somehow felt that not only did I know every detail about this car, but also that I had owned it, I knew that to be impossible. I knew that not only had I never seen that car before, but also up until just now, I did not even know what a Lotus Esprit looked like. But I sure as hell did now. In fact I knew everything about its technical specifications, everything. I even knew how it was made, where it was made and who the designer was. How could that be possible? My heart was now really pounding. What was happening to me? I quickly closed the magazine and looked at Caroline. Whatever I was going to say had better be good. I could see that she was now beginning to look very frightened. I could not blame her. It wasn’t just her who was frightened, and I now struggled for something to say.
‘I’m sorry Caroline I…I shouldn’t have gone off like that. It’s just that…that car, the Lotus Esprit, when I saw it there just now, it looked so beautiful - all I could think of was that I wanted it. I can’t really explain it, it’s just…’
‘It’s just that you seem to be getting weirder by the day, that’s what. For God’s sake, you’re really starting to scare me now, you know that? It’s like I don’t know who you are anymore,’ and with that she stormed out of the kitchen.
I sat there, just staring out of the window for a few minutes, trying to comprehend what was going on with me. Was I in need of some sort of professional help? Was I experiencing some sort of weird split personality, or even schizophrenia? I really had no answers and did not know where to begin. All I knew for sure was that I felt just fine two days ago. However, ever since yesterday it was as if there was something constantly gnawing away at my subconscious. I could not explain it to myself, so where in the world would I begin, were I to try to explain it to somebody else?
I finished my breakfast and put the magazines to one side, deciding that it was best to keep well clear of them for now. I was in the process of cleaning up the kitchen when Caroline came back in. ‘Martin, I’m going now, I know it’s early but I’m not going to stay here any longer than I have to. Please try to at least act normal when I come home.’ She turned and was gone. I heard the front door slam shut.
I got myself showered and ready for the day. I had been really looking forward to today; it was supposed to be pleasantly relaxing. However, yet again I found myself questioning my own sanity. This was a bloody great way to start the day!
I spent the next couple of hours pottering around the garden, hoping that I would be able to take my restless mind off all of the recent strange events. However, unlike yesterday, I found that my newfound interest in gardening was in no way going to help me today. Feeling defeated, I got myself a beer from the fridge and took it to the recliner in the back garden. I had only been sitting down for a couple of minutes when I made up my mind that it would be better for me to face up to my demons now, and maybe that would help me to make any sense of what was happening to me. After all, if I could not sort myself out over the next few hours, just what would I be like tonight? I was only too aware that my actions this morning had been very weird and out of character. If my actions had been very disturbing and upsetting to Caroline, what on earth would the three of them make of it all tonight?
I determined to go and get both of the magazines to read; this time I would read them thoroughly from cover to cover. I also got myself another beer. I started with the magazine that I had yet to look at and slowly made my way through. It was pretty boring stuff really, and it was starting to make me feel sleepy, or was it the beer? I did not really care, as I was again starting to feel a lot more relaxed than I was earlier. If nothing else, that had got to be a good sign.
I finished the first magazine and let it drop to the grass. I then closed my eyes. I may have been tired and more relaxed, but my mind stubbornly kept focusing on all of the bizarre things that had continually been happening to me. I had to admit to myself that it was getting to the point where I did not really trust myself in anything that I was yet to do - fearful of what new horrible experience may occur. I could feel my confidence disappearing as quickly as my beer was.
I picked up the other magazine with some trepidation, but I knew that I must read it, no matter what. I had read about a third of the way into it when I once again came across the article entitled ‘A Lotus in Blossom.’ The moment I saw the car in the picture, the weird and strange thoughts came flooding back – with a vengeance. As I read into the article, I started to get the feeling that it was me, and not John bloody Harper – whoever he was, that had actually written it. It was as though I knew what the author was going to say next before I had even read it. Once again I had this overwhelming sensation that this car was mine – it belonged to me.
I closed the magazine and let it drop onto the grass. I started on another beer and sighed to myself. This was getting me absolutely nowhere except only to reinforce my bewilderment. What was I to do? I took another sip of beer and reclined the chair fully, put on my sunglasses and closed my eyes.
I was definitely feeling very tired now and my mind started to think about my, no - not my, but the white Lotus in the driveway. I realised that the more I concentrated on the Lotus, the more I could see of the driveway that it was in sitting in. Not only that, but I could also see more of the surroundings which now took in the garden as well as a house. In fact the more I concentrated on this scene, the more it seemed that all of this was mine, not just the car.
It’s funny, confusing as this all was, I was actually beginning to enjoy this, this madness or whatever it was. This was all like some sort of a strange adventure and I really had no idea of where it was going to take me next. However, as I tried to focus even harder onto the detail of this strange but familiar scene, I could now feel myself starting to fall off to sleep.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

‘Martin? Are you with us yet? Martin, try to open your eyes…’


Chapter Two

One month earlier


Alistair had his serious but worried look about him. I just loved the way that his whole body became completely animated when he had something serious to say. His arms would flail around him, whilst at the same time his whole being was in complete motion. More often than not he would take off his glasses, which he would then aggressively wave in front of himself, as if they were some sinister weapon.
Alistair was the same age as me, forty-two years old. We had both gone to school together, and although we had got on pretty well, we never did keep our promise to remain in touch. He had gone into Scientific Research, while I had made my fortune in the city, retiring at the relatively young age of forty-two. We had renewed our friendship once again when we bumped into each other at the local pub shortly after I had moved back to Upper Monkham.
Alistair was now Dr Alistair Longman PhD, dressed as I imagined all professors to dress, reasonably smart, but definitely out of fashion, complete with trademark casual beard and wire-rimmed rectangular spectacles. He had jet-black curly hair, which I suspected was probably dyed, as he had absolutely no grey hair at all.
Since we had met up again, it was clear that we enjoyed each other’s company and as the weeks went by, we gradually became very good friends. That was in spite of Alistair clearly being annoyed with my laid back view on life, not to mention my occasional unreliability. I could see in his face that he was never quite sure if I was making fun of him, or merely making light of his theories in order to cover my own ignorance of his scientific descriptions (or ramblings as I liked to say, when teasing him), or indeed both.
We did however share two common interests. The first was astronomy, which especially pleased Alistair, as he simply could not wait to let me use his very expensive telescope at his house. It was during those visits that he just loved to tell me everything that he knew about the universe, which was rather a lot. In spite of my genuine interest in astronomy, I would usually end up completely overwhelmed by the facts, feeling that I had simply not understood a damn thing! 
The other hobby we both shared was jogging. I had decided that I would do at least five miles a day when I retired to Upper Monkham. So far, with only eleven weeks gone, I had managed to jog every day, and certainly felt better for it. When Alistair could get away from his project, we would sometimes run for more than ten miles together through the country lanes, and if we were feeling adventurous, quite often through a few fields as well. An added bonus to our planned routes was where we finished – usually at some country pub!
For somebody who had lectured at university, and clearly loved to talk – to the point where you simply could not stop him talking - there was one thing in particular that I found rather odd with Alistair. He always became very guarded and evasive when I pressed him hard on what his research really was. It became clear that his ‘project,’ whatever it was, was pretty much top-secret, or ‘hush-hush’ as Alistair often liked to refer to it.

The day I got the fateful telephone call from Alistair is now firmly etched into my memory. The day itself was glorious and sunny, albeit a rather cold Friday afternoon, and I recall that the sheep in the nearby field were being exceptionally noisy as I took the phone out into the garden. All I had to do, Alistair told me over the drone of the sheep, was buy him a drink or two in our local ‘The Rising Sun,’ and he would start to let me in on his big secret. He also had a suggestion for me, again connected to his project.
After badgering him for so many weeks, I could hardly turn him down. Not only that, but I could tell from his excited tones that he really did have something to tell me. So it was set, we would meet that evening at around seven. As Alistair had commented, ‘Nice and early, with plenty of opportunity for you to buy me some drinks!’
It’s surprising how quiet the pub is at around seven in the evening, which is probably why Alistair never spoke of his big secret until much later on. I was sure that Alistair had downed about five or six pints of his favourite local beer, when he at last began to let me in on what his work was.
He had already commented on more than one occasion over the last few weeks, that I really should do something with my free time, and that’s where he began. His first suggestion was that maybe I should consider giving up some of my precious time to get involved in what he termed ‘volunteer’ work for his latest project. A while later, when he finally did introduce his offer over another glass of beer, I can recall thinking that Alistair was either a genius, or more probably, completely drunk. In fact, it actually crossed my mind that this was all some diabolical set-up and that at any given moment a TV camera and microphone would suddenly be thrust into my face, with all around laughing their heads off.
‘Alistair, are you sure this is legal?’ I asked.
‘What do you mean, legal?’ he retorted, clearly getting exacerbated by my childish smirks and daft questions.
‘Well, the way I understand it, you and your mysterious financial backers are little more than aspiring Dream Thieves!’
Alistair just kept his stare at me over the rim of his beer glass, finished his drink and slowly returned his now empty glass to the table. He smiled at me and then said ‘So that’s what I am, a Dream Thief, never thought of that one before. That’s a good one, yes thanks Martin. Dream Thief, I do like that. It does have a certain ring to it, much sexier than boring old Project DR2.’
We both left the pub at around eleven and started to walk back to Alistair’s house. It was a pretty cold June evening and we only had our torches to help light our way. It only took around five minutes to walk to Alistair’s, and it was then that I did finally agree to get involved in his ‘volunteer’ work.
I turned down Alistair’s suggestion that we should take advantage of the clear sky to play with the telescope and bid him good night. I lived a further five or six minutes walk away, and during my walk back home, I can remember that my mind was spinning with what I had been told and what my possible involvement might be. The way I looked upon it was that having retired, I did have the free time now as Alistair had pointed out, and I may not get such an intriguing offer again.

Only two weeks after the beer drinking session in our local, I was taken to meet the Project Team in what Alistair would only describe to me, as a ‘top-secret military installation.’ For me, this was like something out of the movies and a complete adventure. Alistair had explained that for security reasons, I would have to be taken there blindfolded. I have to confess, when told of the security details just to get me to the project, it brought out the little boy in me, and I just could not wait to go.
At exactly eleven in the morning, as promised, the large car with darkened windows arrived at my house to whisk me away to Alistair’s project. If all went well, I would spend the next five nights away, with the possibility of many more in the future. I did ask the driver how long the journey would be, but he explained that he was unable to say – again, for security reasons. After putting on a blindfold in the car, we started on our way. My adventure would begin!
As the journey progressed I completely lost track of time and was bored senseless. When we did finally arrive, my sense of adventure had completely gone. I did not know where we were, or how far we had travelled. I had thought before we left, that I might be able to work it out by listening to the passing sounds and other possible clues - just as they often do in the films. However, after only three or four minutes in the car, I realised that I was completely lost. So much for my detective work!
When the driver told me that we had finally reached our destination I again imagined TV cameras waiting for me outside the car. After helping me out of the car, he then led me by the arm for two or three minutes through some passageways, and then at last told me that I could remove the blindfold. My eyes finally adjusted themselves to the blinding light, and I realised that not only was this a military installation as promised by Alistair, but I was actually underground.
The room, or cavern, that I was in was huge. It could only have been created by tunnelling out a granite hill, or more probably, I imagined, a mountain. There were two tunnels that led out of the room to my right, and one to my left.
The room itself was like a giant toyshop. Now I was sure that I had made the right decision in coming here. It may have been a toyshop to me, but not to the half dozen or so scientists who were moving purposefully about the room. The room in fact was a giant laboratory filled with the most amazing pieces of equipment I had ever seen. I had absolutely no idea of what they were, or what their function was.
The only thing I did know for sure was that this was all very state-of-the-art, and definitely very, very expensive. Whoever the backers of this project were, they certainly had deep pockets.
There I was, just standing there like a kid in the toyshop, itching to see and touch everything. However, it was without doubt more than a little scary and intimidating.
I had only been standing there for a few moments when I noticed a very smart young woman, who I guessed to have been in her late twenties, walking resolutely towards me. She was dressed in a smart business suit, unlike the other scientists who were sporting gleaming white overalls. She was tall, probably about six feet, and had shoulder length blonde hair. Her bright blue eyes sparkled brightly in the overhead lighting.
‘Mr Martin Chalfont’ she said shaking my hand, ‘Let me introduce myself. I’m Dr Davila Lebronska, Project Administrator. I guess that kind of makes me the boss for most part, but don’t worry, everyone just calls me Davila. How was the trip? Not too cloak and dagger I trust?’
She spoke very informally, but definitely had an authoritarian manner about her. If she said she was the boss, I was not about to disagree.
‘My trip was just fine. Thank you,’ I answered.
From her jacket pocket she pulled out a small object which she handed to me. ‘Here, you will need to put your security identification badge on. Remember, if you forget or lose your ID badge, we will have no choice but to shoot you!’
She then proceeded to burst into a small but controlled chuckle. I was beginning to think that I was going to have to work with a boss who definitely had sadistic tendencies. I had a good look at the badge. It had my photograph on it which was more than a little surprising, as I certainly hadn’t given my photo to anyone. It also had some serial numbers on it. My name was printed over the top of a faint bar code, and it had PROJECT DR2 printed across the top. Following her instruction, I then fixed my badge on my top pocket - the place for all identification badges.
‘All in all, it must have been a long day for you Martin, so I will show you to your room,’ said Davila, before adding ‘You can freshen up, have dinner, and then we will talk business in the briefing room. How’s that sound?’
This was the clearest order that I’ve had in a long time, and she made it sound like a question! ‘I have no problems with that,’ I replied.
‘Good. I will show you to your room,’ she said with a big bright smile.
We walked in silence through a variety of tunnels and sealed access doors, which were all guarded by armed military personnel. At every security door and access point, we both had our ID badges checked against an electronic hand-held device. I noticed that all the access doors looked just like bank vault doors. They were circular and clearly very heavy. I guessed them to be about 6-8 inches thick, made from what looked like some form of heavy steel, and they were fitted with huge inter-locking metal rods. The doors were pressurised as you could just hear a very small hiss of air each time they were opened.
‘This is to be your room,’ Davila told me as she opened and showed me through a door. ‘You should have about an hour and a half. Somebody will then collect you for dinner, and I will see you in the briefing room at 19:30. Okay, I will see you later.’
I thanked her as she turned and left. I closed the door, and then examined my room.
It was a little like the rest of the complex, all hollowed out of granite and well lit with what I took to be soft overhead halogen lighting. All the floors were finished with hard laminate tiling. I noticed that if you looked carefully around the rock walls, there were actually a few rivulets of water running down here and there. Any water that did come down the walls was not to be seen on the floor at all, as it was somehow cleverly channelled away. Intriguingly, I also noticed that it got quite warm when I got close to the rock walls. I therefore, presumed that that must be how the complex was heated, from the rocks themselves.
Of course I could be wrong, which was more than likely, as I appeared to be the only non-scientific person in the complex, military personnel aside. This fact alone did make me feel just a little uneasy. I was definitely beginning to feel very much like a fish out of water. Throughout my whole career, I had always felt in control and I knew that I was very good at what I did. That was then, but now, I was feeling like an absolute nobody in the wrong place, and definitely not in control.
Looking round my room I saw I had a single bed, a bedside table and lamp, a wardrobe, a good size television, a bathroom with a toilet, a washbasin and a shower. It was all a little utilitarian, but it was nevertheless more than adequate. One thing that I had noticed since my arrival was the cleanliness of the place. There simply was no dirt or dust to be seen at all.
I showered and changed, and with less than an hour to go fell soundly asleep on the bed. It was the knocking on the door that awoke me. I opened the door to find Alistair, dressed the same as the other scientists, in clean white overalls. He was clearly looking pleased with himself. It was obvious that he was very proud that I was in his secret lair.
‘Martin, good to see you. You slept well?’ he enquired with his friendly smile.
 ‘Yes, I’m pretty much okay, thanks. Nice place you have here. You’ve come to feed me! I just hope that your cooking is up to the same high standards’ I answered, shaking his hand.
‘Come on then, lets go and eat’ he replied leading me through more tunnels to the canteen.
The canteen was huge. I was sure that you could have parked an ocean liner in there. I remember thinking that the canteen was so big it could feed an army, before realising that it probably did. I estimated that several hundred personnel could easily have been fed here at any one time, but for now there were no more than about twenty people including Alistair and myself.
I wasn’t sure if it was the acoustics of the canteen, but I was convinced that I could feel the distant hum of big generators. At least that’s what they sounded like to me – what else could they be? It was the first time that I was aware of any sort of internal noises within the complex since my arrival. Once again, my mind was racing ahead of me, trying to work out what the noises meant. That was the problem with me, I have always had such a very vivid imagination, which on reflection is probably one of the main reasons that I was here.
 During the course of the meal Alistair told me that all would become clear at the briefing, and any relevant questions would be addressed. Of course, due to the nature of the complex, some answers would not be forthcoming. However, he did assure me that there was nothing to worry about, just to relax and have a good time. He also reminded me once again, that I was free to leave the project at any time, should I decide to do so.
With the meal out of the way it was time for the briefing. He then led me through another set of tunnels and doors, and this time to a lift shaft, which by my reckoning took us down one floor. The doors of the lift opened, and we were both in the briefing room.


Chapter Three

The meeting room was the first ‘normal’ room that I had seen in the complex so far. There was none of the now familiar granite rocks to be seen anywhere. It was a rectangular room with beige painted walls, which I guessed to be about fifty feet long, twenty feet wide, and about ten feet in height. Hung along the back wall was a handful of down-market paintings as well as a couple of mostly bare notice boards. Directly to my left was one of those large automated drinks machines. The long wall to my right also had its share of cheap and tacky paintings, as well as a large writing board and a projection screen. Upon the wall at the far end were five rather large fancy certificates that could not be read from where I stood. The ceiling had the appearance of being made of slatted aluminium panels with set-in lights. The only feature in the room that was the same as the rest of the complex was the tiled floor. In the centre of the room stood an expensive looking long oak table, surrounded by about thirty chairs, of which only one was occupied.
Standing up to greet us was Davila. ‘Good evening gentlemen, thank you both for coming.’
She motioned for both of us to sit down opposite her. We exchanged pleasantries and handshakes, and the three of us sat down. Alistair proceeded to open the large bottle of mineral water that was on the table and offered it to both Davila and I. We both accepted and he poured each of us a glass.
‘Martin, I know that Alistair has told you a little about this project. Now, what I want to achieve is for you to have a good understanding by the end of this session of what the project goals are, and more importantly from your point of view, why you are here and what we want from you.’
Davila, whilst very business-like in her statement, spoke quite slowly and reassuringly. She continued, ‘So with that in mind, I will first introduce myself, explain the project to you the best I can, and then go into a question-and-answer session. I’m sure you will already have plenty of those!’ she exclaimed with a beaming smile.
‘Before we do start Davila, I do have just one question,’ I stated firmly looking at both of them.
She nodded for me to continue. I took off my badge, and passed it across the table to her. ‘That’s a very good picture of me. Where did you get it?’ I asked.
Alistair sat impassively in his chair. Davila, after thinking for a second or two, looked at the badge, and then passed it back to me.
‘You’re absolutely right Martin,’ she answered, looking directly at me. ‘Yes it is a good photograph, very handsome indeed!’
 She paused for a moment before continuing, ‘I’m sure that it has not escaped your attention, that there is a great deal of security around here. Everybody that is in here has had to go through a very thorough and rigorous screening process, and that has included you. It has taken around two weeks to get you checked out. In fact, we now probably know more about you than you do yourself!’ Davila said with a cheeky grin.
She could see my questioning looks, which prompted her to continue.
‘Well, where shall we start? We know that you worked for two banks in the city, and are now retired. Filthy rich by most people’s standards! You have never married, you have three properties, two of them abroad. Your mother died two years ago in a boating accident. Apart from…let’s just say…an interesting ‘incident’ with the police at an office party…you don’t have any criminal record, and you enjoy playing with classic cars…I could go on, but I think you get the idea that we have done our homework with you. In short Martin, we need to know who we can, and who we cannot let into this complex. It’s as simple as that. It was during the screening process that we took your photograph. One thing that I think I should make clear to you, is that your friend Alistair had nothing to do with the investigation, although he would have been aware that you were being checked out.’
I looked round at Alistair, who responded, ‘Sure, I knew that you would be checked out once I had suggested you get involved, but as Davila has already said, we all go through the same screening process.’
‘Has that answered your question?’ enquired Davila.
‘There’s not much I can do about it now I suppose,’ I answered, then added, ‘Anyway, the very fact that I am here must mean that I can't be all that bad after all!’
Davila acknowledged that I was satisfied with my answer, and then continued, ‘Good, we can get on with the real business, the project.’
Davila shifted in her seat, making herself more comfortable, and I noticed that Alistair to my right started to assume a more formal seating position.
‘As I have already mentioned to you when we first met, I am the Project Administrator,’ she said looking directly at me. ‘Now while it’s true that I am a scientist – and I do know and understand a great deal of the project, it is Alistair that is really behind the whole thing. From day one, it has been his idea, his energy, and his driving force. In short, without him Martin, none of this would have taken place. I am really here to act in more of a liaison and reporting capacity, between Alistair and the project, as well as the people here at the complex. As for the complex, I will come back to that in a little while. Just stop me at any time if you want me to clarify anything, okay?’
I coughed and cleared my throat. ‘Fine, do go on,’ I answered, taking a few sips of water.
‘‘Project DR2,’ or to give its full name, ‘Project Dream Retrieval Two,’ is, as its name suggests, the second project. Alistair and his small team have already successfully completed the first phase.’
Davila, pausing for effect, smiled before saying, ‘And, I do believe that we have you to thank, for the latest name of the project - Project Dream Thief!’
Alistair turned, looked directly at me, and laughing out loud, said with a chuckle ‘Yes, thanks Martin. Everybody connected with the project now addresses me as the ‘Master Dream Thief’!’
 Amused, I looked at them both, before answering, ‘Well, at least I can now feel that in some way I have made one small, but nevertheless important contribution to the project!’
 Davila still smiling added, ‘I would like to think that it is going to be the first of many of your contributions to the project.’
Davila waited for a few moments before saying, ‘Okay, now to continue. The first phase of the project set out to prove that we were able to record, in great detail, the exact wave patterns of the human dream. When I say record, I do not mean that it is something that you can play back so that others can see what you are dreaming, or indeed, what you did dream. No, it’s nothing like that.’
 ‘You see Martin, we have proved that every person has their own individual and unique brain wave patterns, whether awake or asleep. We have also learnt from our analysis of all these recordings that we know what type of dreams people have had. For example, we can determine if you are having a good, or a bad dream, if you are dreaming of a male or a female, if your dream is set in the day or in the night. We can even determine what colour your dream is in.’
Davila paused and drank some water, before continuing, ‘The project proved, without exception, that everybody’s dreams were different and, more importantly, that everybody’s dream wave patterns were unique.’
Davila stopped for a moment and glanced at Alistair before continuing, ‘Now this is where it starts to get more than a little complicated and interesting, as I am now going to describe how we actually record these wave patterns. Firstly, the subject will lie in a semi-reclining position in a specially adapted chair.’ She paused, then smiled before adding, ‘The chair is usually referred to by everyone as the ‘dentist’s chair’!’ Once you see it yourself Martin, you will soon understand why.’
Alistair added with a smile ‘I do believe Martin, that it was the Master Dream Thief himself that coined that name. You see, it’s not only you who can think up ridiculous or silly names!’
We then joined in a few moments of laughter together. Serious again, Davila then continued, ‘When the subjects are in the chair, they are then given a mild sedative to put them to sleep. Once asleep, their brain – or thought-wave patterns, are read by a device called the ‘Trans-Scopic-Transponder,’ or as we call it, the ‘TST.’ This machine is really a two-part machine.’
‘The first part, the ‘Helmet,’ is lowered over the top of the subject’s head and then reads the dream wave patterns. I think to best describe this part of the machine is to say that it pretty much looks like one of those silly drying machines you used to see in hairdresser shops.’
She chuckled, then added in a very off hand way, ‘Except of course, that our one is a good deal more expensive!’
Davila stared directly at me for a few moments before continuing, ‘The readings from the ‘Helmet’ are then transferred directly to the second part of the TST.’
  For the first time since Davila had started her lecture on the project, I noticed that in order to help her describe what was going on with these exotic sounding machines, she was becoming much more animated in her movements. Alistair was also beginning to get more involved with the project description, as I often caught him out of the corner of my eye nodding in agreement and smiling his acknowledgements.
‘This part of the TST machine is probably the least glamorous looking of our machines. To all intents and purposes it resembles a rather large metallic off-white box, with two monitors on one side, as well as some switches, and a number of buttons and flashing lights.’
Although Davila had to work hard to make sure that I understood the principles of the project, she was nevertheless clearly enjoying herself.
‘Now this machine, whilst unimpressive on the outside, is a very clever piece of engineering indeed. You see Martin, this machine first records, and then analyses the subject’s brain wave patterns. It then has the ability to play back images directly to the subconscious of the subjects brain via the ‘Helmet.’ For example, we can play a recording of say, five minutes of a film within the machine, and then transmit this image directly into the subjects dream by matching their known dream wavelengths.’
Davila stopped for a few moments whilst at the same time fixing her stare at me. ‘Normally we would give this lecture to our fellow scientists with detailed notes and drawings, all accompanied with a slide show or something similar. However, I thought it best on this occasion just to give you an overview for the time being. So, how are we all doing?’ she enquired.
I shifted in my seat, finished my glass of water, and then replied, ‘I think, so far at least, I have followed the gist of what you have been saying, but I would like clarification on one point.’
Davila, picking up the bottle, said, ‘Here let me do the honours,’ and emptied the bottle into our glasses. ‘By all means, ask away,’ she replied.
Now that there was a brief pause in the lecture, I noticed that I was starting to feel rather cold. I shivered a little, and then enquired, ‘Is it me, or is it a little cold?’
It was Alistair that answered, whilst at the same time rubbing his hands together in an exaggerated motion, ‘This is known by all of us in the complex as the ‘cold room.’ You see Martin, this complex does not actually require any form of heating at all due to the rather interesting geothermal activity of the mountain that we are in. That said, however, this room has been deliberately isolated from the bare rocks, and the construction engineers never thought about the small matter of the bloody heating. And, to answer your next question Martin, no, we are not allowed to utilise any form of heating in here, as it is necessary to maintain a constant humidity level. At least, that’s what they tell us. Consequently, we all dread long meetings in here.’
Before he had finished talking I remember thinking to myself that at least I now knew that we were in a mountain, as I had suspected. I had also guessed correctly about the way the complex was heated. I was feeling extremely pleased with myself!
‘As you can imagine,’ interjected Davila, ‘being the Project Administrator, I am in here sometimes once or twice a day, either chairing or attending meetings, and I can tell you - it’s pretty dreadful at times. I feel half frozen to death most of the time. Anyway, enough of our troubles! What was it you wanted clarified Martin?’
‘You will appreciate Davila, that for the moment, I am sitting here…feeling almost completely overwhelmed by what you have just told me. I have listened to what’s been said and at a very low level have understood your explanation. On the other hand of course, you could have just told me the biggest whopper that I’ve ever heard, and I would be none the wiser. I think what I am trying to say, to both of you…is that this is all very difficult to accept as fact.’
Davila stood up whilst rubbing her hands together at the same time. She was clearly looking very cold, and I knew that’s how I certainly felt. ‘I think,’ answered Davila, ‘that we should break for now, have ourselves a hot drink, and then go into a quick answer and question session round. How’s that sound?’
She looked at us both for approval, which we both gave without hesitation. We then stretched and made our way to the drinks machine.
‘I think I should warn you now Martin, that the drinks from this machine are pretty gruesome,’ stated Alistair, before adding, ‘Personally, I think that of all the machinery and the experiments that go on in this complex, this drinks machine has got to be one of the most dangerous. The drinks may well be free and hot, but you put your life in extreme danger each time you take a drink!’
I looked at Davila before asking wryly, ‘Is this true? I’m going to be putting my life in danger?’
She had now lost her smile and looked deep in thought before answering, ‘It doesn’t really matter what comes out of the machine, at least it’s goddamn hot!’
We stood around the drinks machine, each of us holding our hot drinks. Davila took a few sips from her cup before saying, ‘Believe me when I say that I do understand how you feel. I myself was never involved with Alistair’s first project, and when I was initially approached to get involved with the second phase, eighteen months ago, I obviously demanded to know all the details. Now, even as a scientist, I – like you, was in a state of disbelief. I mean, who would not be? Of course, I now have a full and complete understanding of the first phase, but it has taken a great deal of effort on my part to know what I do now.’
Alistair finished his drink, and after throwing his cup away added, ‘I had to work very hard to convince Davila to join the project. It must have taken nearly two months to get past her scepticism. We both understand how this must all sound to you. All we can ask is for you to take in what’s been said, and then get a better understanding over time as you get more involved.’
Like Alistair and Davila, I was now onto my second drink when I addressed them both, ‘You stated that you can literally place an image, or images, into somebody’s dream. How ethical is that?’
My mind had been racing ahead since taking in this fact from Davila’s lecture, and I had already pieced together some disturbing scenarios. I then added, ‘Could you, for example, place a suggestion directly into somebody’s dream, for them to hate and to then murder a specific person?’
When I finished my question, I had expected for them both to react defensively, if not to dismiss my stupid question. I was wrong – very wrong. Instead, they simply looked at me - as though I had been talking about the weather.
After a few moments of complete silence, it was Davila that responded, ‘You are indeed very astute Martin. Alistair did tell me that you have a serious questioning side. That is one of the reasons that you are here. We want - and need, intelligent feedback from you, and I’m glad that you have picked up on this point so quickly. You are quite correct, this part of the project has opened up all sorts of ethical questions, not to mention some of the pretty ghastly possibilities that some of us have already come up with.’
Alistair then quickly added, ‘Unfortunately Martin, as with all new scientific breakthroughs, and ours is of no exception, it’s more than possible that if this research becomes widely known, then you will find that it could be put to both good and bad use. As for the ethics, yes, that will have to be addressed at some later stage, but not for the moment. You will see that although we are keenly aware of these issues, we need not worry about them for our specific needs.’
‘If you don’t need to worry about these issues, then who does? And, who else knows of the work of this project then?’ I demanded of Davila, who had started to lead us back to our seats.
‘As far as we know,’ she answered, ‘this is the only project in this field of work that has achieved so much. It goes without saying of course, that some other similar project may have achieved the same, if not more, somewhere else in the world.’
Davila waited for a few moments until we were again seated before continuing, ‘The strange thing about all of this Martin, is that Alistair and his team have never had a real interest with the investigation of individuals’ dreams, or thought patterns.’ She paused and looked directly at Alistair, who gestured for her to continue.
 She then asked, ‘Alistair, do you have anything to add at all at this stage? – Have I left anything out?’
In his formal but relaxed way he answered, ‘I don’t think so…It’s what you are about to explain that’s probably going to need more than a little clarification.’
She nodded her agreement and for the first time, I noticed her looking down at her notes in the now open folder. Looking up from the notes, she said with a more serious tone, ‘Fine, let’s get down to the fun part, shall we?’
After Davila’s statement that they were not interested in people’s dreams, I was now feeling more than a little confused. I was just getting to terms with the idea of all this technology for investigating people’s dreams, and then I’m told that they have little or no interest in it. Confused or not, I was now eager to hear the next instalment from her.
‘Okay, to summarise,’ she continued, ‘the first phase of the project set out to prove that everybody’s dream patterns were unique. That is what Alistair and his team set out to do, and four and a half years later, that is exactly what they did. It was, and still is a tremendous achievement.’
‘That research Martin, is still ongoing. However, that said, and even though we do keep abreast of how it is progressing, mostly on the grounds of scientific interest, it’s now of only minor interest to us. For we have now well and truly moved onto the second phase, or ‘Project DR2’.’
She took a sip of water from her glass before asking ‘Have you ever heard of the ‘Multi-Dimensional Universe’ theory?’
Given the sudden change in course of her talk and her question, I was not really sure what sort of an answer to give her. ‘Well of course I have heard of other dimensions, seen films about it, but that’s about as far as it goes…’ my answer trailed off whilst they both gave me a good long stare, obviously trying to gauge my reaction.
‘Well Martin,’ she continued, ‘this is what all this is about. Alistair and his team are not interested in the dreams of you or me at all. No, their ultimate objective is to be able to travel into these other dimensions.’
This was definitely beginning to get more than a little far-fetched for my liking, and I deliberately showed my disbelief with my body language.
It was Alistair who then added, ‘Martin, I know how all of this must sound, and we both can understand your probable scepticism. All we ask is for you to hear us out for now, okay?’
He was beginning to get very animated again, so it was clear he wanted me to carry on listening to Davila. ‘Okay,’ I answered, ‘I’m still with you.’
‘Like I said before, it took an awful lot of persuasion to get me here, so I do understand how you feel,’ responded Davila, who was also getting more animated with her hand and body movements. She now continued, ‘If you can believe in these other dimensions for just now, it’s then a case of if they do exist, how do we find these other dimensions, and once found, how can we make contact?’
Alistair then interjected, ‘Davila, do you mind if I just add something of my own?’
‘No, do go ahead.’
‘It is generally believed Martin, that at any given point in time in the universe, there exists multiple choices with the possibility of multiple outcomes,’ stated Alistair, whilst he vigorously waved his glasses around in front of him. ‘For example, in one universe you don’t look right before crossing the road and you get killed by the oncoming bus. However, in a different but identical universe, you did look right, and you don’t get killed. Now, these two universes are still identical, except that now, you do not exist in one of them.’
‘Now, given that one simple scenario, can you imagine, if events had been just slightly different in the past, and Hitler had got himself killed by the bus before he came to power? Or, for that matter, that Hitler had actually won the war? Do you see what I am getting at? Each time anyone of us performs an action, any action, that action could have been done differently within another dimension of the universe.
Therefore, if these other dimensions do exist, and I certainly believe that they do, then some of them will be almost identical to ours, and some of them will be completely different, and wholly alien to us. These other dimensions are infinite, so there are a great deal of them for us to discover.’
‘What do you mean by wholly alien?’ I wanted to know.
Without hesitation he immediately answered, ‘If the Roman Empire had not fallen, then they could have possibly been at our technological level, say perhaps fifteen hundred years ago. Now, assuming that their civilization continued to move forward, then it’s more than possible that they would have an incredible level of technology today, making us look like we are still living in the stone age.’
I liked his analogy. It certainly did make me start to think, but not for too long, as Davila, who had sat there quietly for a few minutes then asked, ‘Okay to move on Martin?’
I nodded to the both of them. Davila then continued, ‘Thank you for that Alistair. I will remember that for my next little talk.’ She had got her smile back. ‘This second phase of the project is about to prove that these other dimensions do exist.’ Davila stared at me, smiled and then said, ‘Once again I am going to ask you to just try to keep up, as this is definitely going to get more than a little weird for you, of that I have no doubt!’
‘Davila, my whole day has been a little weird.’
Alistair gave a chuckle and added, ‘It’s going to get a whole lot weirder, and that’s guaranteed!’
We enjoyed a few moments of laughter together before Davila continued, ‘Project DR2 is aiming not only to find these other dimensions, but also to make contact. Firstly, someone is put into the TST machine, then their dream patterns are recorded. The TST machine is then linked to a second machine called the ‘Multi-Dimensional-Transponder,’ or the ‘MDT.’ It’s this machine that does the transmitting and receiving via the dimensions. Now if you remember Martin, everybody has their own unique dream wave patterns, and it’s these wave patterns from the subject that are then ‘sent’ via the MDT, into other dimensions. If we can assume that the MDT works, and we will find that out in two days time, then these wave patterns should lock onto one of the subjects’ other selves in another universe - because they will be identical.’
Davila stopped and looked at both of us before enquiring, ‘How are we all doing? Martin?’
I thought for a few moments, before addressing them both ‘This is your definition of a ‘little weird?’ Let me try to get this. I am put into this machine, put to sleep, my dreams are then transmitted into another dimension, then they lock onto…another one of me, because we are the same - and then what?’
Davila stared at me for a few moments before answering very firmly, ‘It could be anybody that is put into the machine…’
I did not let her finish as I quickly cut in, ‘Yes Davila, anybody can go into the machine, but that’s why I am here, isn’t it? You want me to go into the machine so that I may ‘reach’ out to the other dimensions. I am right, aren’t I?’
‘Yes you’re right, that’s why I wanted you on this project,’ answered Alistair. ‘Because you have yet again leapt ahead of us, I think that it’s only fair for me to add this. All of us connected with the project, including both Davila and myself, have had our dreams read, as well as receiving images whilst we were dreaming. There never has been any danger or any side effects. Martin, were this to be dangerous, we would not be doing this, and you would still be at home. You have my word on that.’
‘The way I understand it,’ I retorted, ‘nobody has been put into the machine, and gone into the other dimensions – that’s if they do exist. So why me, and why not one of you?’
Alistair looked at me with his serious look, before answering ‘I do see where you are coming from, but I assure you it’s nothing sinister at all. We want somebody that is intelligent, has an open mind, who will question everything, but more importantly, somebody that has not been connected with the project to actually do the experiment. That way, we hope to get very objective reports and analysis. Remember, you can walk away from this at any time.’
Davila then added, ‘The very fact that you have become so aware of what’s going on and have been so questioning is proof to me that you are exactly the type of person that we need Martin. Without trying to sound too patronising, I really do believe you are ideal for the continuation of this project. Please stay on board. Let us take you through all the processes and explanations, and if at the end of it all you decide to walk, then so be it, okay?’ Davila finished and sat in her chair impassively, awaiting my answer.
I could see that Alistair was also eager to hear my answer. I shifted in my chair before answering, ‘I am prepared to give you both the benefit of the doubt, so I don’t want you to think that I will simply walk out at any time if I’m not happy with what either of you have to say. I will stick with it, but it’s up to the both of you to convince me of the safety of getting me into those other dimensions, before I do actually agree to go ahead with it.’
Davila, who was clearly relieved with my answer said, ‘Good we would not expect anything else from you, and I know and appreciate that it’s up to us to convince you before we ask you to commit to anything. We will never take that control away from you. Now before we continue again, I want another hot drink. How about you two?’
We both agreed and made our way to the drinks machine. ‘On the subject of the hot drinks, I have to agree with both of you,’ I stated whilst rubbing my hands together from the cold. They both looked at me questioningly, so I continued, ‘My coffee was absolutely hideous as Alistair had warned. But as you said Davila, at least it’s bloody hot!’
As we stood beside the drinks machine, my mind was still racing ahead with everything that I had been told. This prompted my next question, ‘Let’s assume I do travel into another dimension. Could it be any dimension, or are there any boundaries?’
‘That’s another good question,’ answered Alistair sipping his coffee. ‘No, the dimensions that you can travel to will be strictly limited to only those where you actually exist. So, we do not envisage a great deal of difference to where you may go, simply because it’s unlikely that over the last forty-two years of your existence, any civilization would have changed greatly. It is of course quite possible that in another world there would have been an atomic war or some other similar huge event, but on the whole we would expect to see only subtle differences. In spite of the limitations to where you can travel, that still leaves us pretty much an infinite number of other worlds or dimensions to go to.’
‘Tell me,’ I asked, ‘If you can record wave patterns when somebody is awake or asleep, why put them to sleep?’
‘It’s very simple,’ responded Alistair. ‘The experiment can be done when you are awake or asleep. However, that said, we have found that you are able to recall with much more clarity recorded inputs from the helmet in your sleep, than when you’re awake. We are not sure why but that’s how it is. So asleep you will be!’
Alistair hesitated for a few moments before adding, ‘I hope I was not confusing you before Martin, when we kept referring to ‘other worlds’ as well as ‘other dimensions,’ when we really mean the same thing!’
Davila, who had been giving me one of her silent stares, then said with a rather mischievous smile, ‘Martin, you really must tell me more about the ‘incident’ at the office party.’
‘I thought that you knew all about my past life Davila…you surprise me.’
‘I only know what I’ve read, I’m sure you can tell it…the way it really did happen.’
‘Oh I’m sure I can. Maybe once I know you a bit better Davila, but for now I will just let you use your imagination!’ I finished with a snigger.
Alistair said rather mischievously, ‘I don’t know what this is all about, but I want to be there when you decide to tell Davila, whatever it is!’
We stood there laughing for a few moments, finished our drinks, and returned to our seats at the table. Davila waited a few moments, and then continued her lecture, ‘Now, I’m not in any way going to describe in any great detail the MDT machine just now - believe me Martin, it’s far better for you just to see it, than it is for me to give a description that simply would not do it justice. When you do get to see the MDT, well let’s just say that there really are no words that can describe what you will actually be looking at. It is without doubt, the most amazing machine that you will ever see – a truly wondrous sight.’
 Davila had once again got her beaming smile back. She paused for a few moments before adding, ‘It is worth noting that we are all here in this complex because of the MDT machine. This machine, requires an enormous amount of energy to get it to transmit through to the other dimensions, and I do mean enormous. When the MDT is running, the power that is used to run it would actually power several large cities, or for that matter, some smaller countries. Now, as you can imagine, that type of energy source is not generally available, but here, in this complex, the military do have such a power source. On the grounds of National Security, I do hope you will understand that I am not in a position to disclose any details of the power source itself, or indeed why the military may need such a power source.’
She stopped and gave me a quizzical look. After being told so much about the project, I felt a little cheated. It was as though I were missing out on something, especially as it was all so top-secret. However, I realised that I was not going to be told, but on the other hand, I reckoned that over time, I might yet get the chance to find out. ‘That’s no problem Davila, I am well aware that there will be some things that you will be unable to tell me,’ I answered.
‘I think for now we have covered, in general terms, what the project is about. So, do we have any questions?’ enquired Davila. I sat for a few moments, thinking about everything I had been told.
‘Yes I do,’ I answered her. ‘You never really finished. We got about as far as getting my brain wave patterns to lock on to my other self in another world…and then what? What happens next?’
It was Alistair that answered me. ‘We did not finish, because we simply do not know. It’s not been done before, and once again we will be in uncharted waters. That’s why it’s called a project. It’s why we are all here. That’s why it’s so exciting, and we want you to become part of it. I’m sure that like all of us here, deep down you would want to find out if this is all possible, the chance to find out if those other dimensions really do exist. Come on, Martin, come with us, and have some real fun!’
Alistair finished by giving me a friendly but firm pat on the back. He was right; there was no way that I was not going to do this. In fact, I wanted to get plugged into the machine right now. I did want to know more, but on the other hand, I did not want to make it look that I was too excited to them, not yet anyway. ‘You’ve got me for now,’ I answered in a very casual manner.
‘Good,’ said Davila. ‘We will wrap it up for now. However before we do finish up, I will briefly outline our plans for you Martin.’
‘Tomorrow Alistair will first give you a tour of the lab, and introduce you to some of our colleagues. Later on during the day, we will get you placed into the TST so that we can ensure that everything is satisfactory and checks out with you. We can then verify that we can get good dream wave pattern recordings from you. Assuming that it all goes as planned tomorrow, we will then go ahead with the experiment the day after. Any questions?’
After having been told so many strange incredible things, I could not think of anything else to say, so I simply shook my head.
‘Okay, that’s it for today. Thank you for your patience. On a personal level I would just like to say that I’m glad that we will be working together, and as Alistair has said, I am sure that you will have some fun as well!’
We stood up, and shaking her hand I said, ‘I’m also looking forward to working with you Davila.’ She acknowledged me with her smile.
We said good night to each other and Alistair returned with me to my room. He would come for me at half past seven for breakfast, and then my day would begin. I was in such an excited state when I went to bed that I really thought I would not be able to sleep at all. However, as it turned out I was so completely exhausted I was asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow. 

Chapter Four

I was awoken at six thirty by the alarm sitting on the bedside table. I was instantly wide awake. My head was still spinning around from everything that had been said. I lay there for a full fifteen minutes just trying to gather my thoughts together. I soon came to realise however, that no matter what my misgivings were, I simply could not wait to discover more. I quickly showered and got myself ready for the day.
Alistair came for me at half seven as promised, and we both started to make our way to the canteen. ‘Tell me, why is the complex full of these amazing over-the-top security doors?’ I asked after going through a second door in as many minutes.
‘Two reasons. Firstly, there is the security aspect; the military do not want an invading army - or any terrorists for that matter getting in here. Secondly, the power source that’s down here is…to put it as diplomatically as possible…just a little bit dangerous,’ he answered with a smirk.
‘How dangerous is dangerous?’
We both stopped walking, and then Alistair took off his glasses before he replied. ‘You want to know how dangerous Martin? Well let’s just say that should the thing go up, then so will this mountain, and to tell you the truth, I do not believe for one minute that any of these doors will help to save us. So now you know…sounds a little scary, doesn’t it?’
‘I suppose so, but just how likely is that?’
‘You mean an accident? Well, it could happen, but I don’t think it will. It certainly doesn’t bother me, what about you? Not scared, are we?’ He finished his question with a broad smile as he thumped me on the back.
‘No, not at all…anyway you only live once, and I don’t suppose it’s anywhere near as dangerous as the dreaded drinks machine, is it?’
Alistair let out a chuckle before saying, ‘I think you’re going to fit in here just fine Martin, just fine. Come on, let’s go get our breakfast.’
We walked through another couple of doors, and into the canteen. Once we were both settled at the table with our breakfast, Alistair asked me, ‘Well, are you pleased that you finally decided to use up some of that precious free time of yours?’
I finished my mouthful of toast before replying, ‘I take it that if yesterday was a little weird, then from now on it can only get much weirder?’
Alistair laughed again before replying, ‘Oh, of that you can be sure – weird all the way!’
‘Good,’ I replied. ‘Then yes, I am pleased that I’m spending my time here. I’m still not sure what I’m letting myself in for, but I can't wait to find out more. I suppose you still can’t tell me where this complex is, or anything about that mysterious power source you have down here?’
“No’ is the simple answer to that. I’m sorry. I’m well aware that you’d love to know, but for now it’s a no-no.’
‘I thought so. Okay Alistair, then tell me, why the interest in ‘other dimensions,’ how on earth did you get into all of this?’
‘That’s a very good question, and one that deserves an honest answer. I would love to tell you all about it – but we just don’t have the time just now. However, I will tell you this. You see, it all started I guess when I was in my late twenties and I had what I can only describe as…a bit of a…strange experience,’ Alistair replied with a very serious look, whilst slowly moving his teaspoon around the sugar bowl. ‘Tell me, do you believe in ghosts?’ he asked.
‘No. Why, do you?’
‘No I don’t. However, as I have just said, I did have a strange experience which I won’t go into just now. Suffice to say that if it had happened to someone else, they may well have claimed to have had…a supernatural experience, or more probably, to have seen a ghost. Now, I have never believed in such nonsense, and I never will…’
‘So what did you see then?’ I demanded.
‘Later Martin. I will tell you all about it when we next go out for a drink,’ he responded with a grin. ‘Anyway, this experience got me thinking as to what really did happen. If it wasn’t a ghost - then what? I deduced that it could have been a Time Traveller from our future who got careless and was seen by accident, but for now, Time Travel only remains a theory, and I for one am not entirely convinced that it is possible.’
‘Oh that’s a bit of a shame Alistair, I was rather hoping that I might get to see a Time Machine, tucked away in some dark corner on today’s tour!’
He gave me his serious look. It was clear that my off-the-cuff remark had not gone down well.
‘Anyway,’ continued Alistair, ‘I had recently been to a seminar concerning other dimensions, and it really got me thinking. You see Martin, what we are trying to do, whilst at the cutting edge of our knowledge and technology, is pretty basic stuff really. If it works, then the only thing that would have travelled into the other dimensions is somebody’s thought waves. As I said to you last night, there has to be many other dimensions that are much more advanced than us, so it’s entirely plausible that some of them may have developed technology…enabling them to actually travel between the dimensions.’
‘Are you trying to tell me Alistair that if somebody sets eyes on something strange or ghostly, then they possibly might have seen a…dimension traveller?’
‘Yes, I think that it’s possible. In fact, I would say that’s what I probably believe, yes - all these ghost sightings, they are people from other dimensions who are seen by chance. So to answer your question, that’s how I originally got interested in all of this weird stuff, and tomorrow, we’ll find out once and for all whether I’m mad or indeed a genius!’
‘Definitely Mad. I’ve told you on many occasions that they should have locked you up and thrown away the key. How on earth your poor wife puts up with you I’ll never know. Well, that’s not true, she puts up with you because you’re never home – you’re always working here, drinking in the pub, or out jogging!’
‘And, as I have told you on many occasions, that’s precisely why we do get on so well. We never see each other!’ We laughed together for a few moments before Alistair urged, ‘Come on, we’d best hurry up and eat. We both have a lot to get done today.’
We finished our breakfast and Alistair returned with me to my room. I would have about half an hour before he would again come for me to begin the tour.
At exactly nine o’clock Alistair came to collect me. I had been here for less than twenty-four hours, and it was already clear to me that everybody did things almost to the minute; nobody was ever late for anything, and that was going to include me. I was having to adjust very quickly. I wasn’t really used to this, at least not since my retirement eleven weeks ago.
We started our journey through the tunnels and security doors. Although I was very excited and looking forward to my new day, I had to admit to myself that I was just a little apprehensive as I was not really sure what I was letting myself in for.
‘Well Martin,’ said Alistair, ‘this is it, the final door and then we can go in - into Room 101!’
‘Room 101?’ I repeated back to him. Even though Alistair had said it rather tongue in cheek, I nevertheless understood what the true significance of Room 101 really was.
‘I’m afraid Martin, that we mad scientists do have a warped sense of humour. So, because we are dealing with people’s dreams, and you could even argue, people’s subconscious, then as a bit of a sick joke we have nicknamed this Room 101, the place for all your worst nightmares!’
‘Oh thanks a bunch Alistair,’ I replied, ‘that has really put my mind at rest for the day to come.’
 ‘Nonsense, man,’ he boomed, ‘if it were up to you this room would have been called something far worse!’ he finished with his now familiar chuckle, followed by yet another firm pat on my back. The door to the room opened with a hiss. ‘Come on, come and meet the crew,’ he said leading me through the door.
This was where I had first started my adventure, the room with all the incredible machines. Looking around, I also noticed that several scientists were at various workstations all looking very serious, as though they were on some sort of a mission. When I had first seen this room, I had never really looked at the people or the machines in any great detail. All I had was this impression of an expensive laboratory filled with amazing machines. Now, for the first time, I actually began to really take in everything that was around me. I still had the same feeling as when I first arrived, as if I was a small boy in a huge toyshop.
My eyes were immediately drawn to the strange and futuristic large cylindrical console that lay directly in the centre of the room. However, my attention was very quickly diverted to my right, where there was a fairly large off-white contrivance that I guessed to be about thirty feet in length and about twelve feet in height. It certainly looked very unusual. At its centre was the ‘dentist’s chair,’ I recognised it straight away - just as Davila had promised I would. I could only assume that it probably was a genuine dentist chair, because it certainly looked like one. The head of the chair was directly underneath the centre of the contraption, the name of which I had been trying to remember since I had walked through the door. Then it came to me. This must be the ‘Trans-Scopic-Transponder,’ or the ‘TST’ - whatever that really meant. From the head of the chair to the underside of the machine above was a gap of about four feet, so I logically assumed that the ‘Helmet’ would be there somewhere, but I was unable to see where it was.
I was remembering what Davila had said about the machine, and trying to piece it all together. She did say that this part of the machine was boring and uninteresting, and to a degree, I suppose I could see what she meant. To the right and left of the chair, there were a couple of monitors, a few rows of lights that were all off at the moment, as well as several different types of switches. I could see that underneath one of the monitors was a workstation of sorts, which included a keyboard and a microphone. However, directly above the chair was a large display, which was currently inactive, four very small monitors, and four protruding black pipes that looked rather odd.
I was just beginning to realise that this was the machine that I was going to be ‘plugged’ into when Alistair, who must have been watching me standing and staring for a minute or two, slowly waved his hand in front of my eyes to get my attention.
‘Anybody in there?’ he asked.
‘I’m not sure, Alistair,’ I replied. Then I pointed to the TST machine. ‘So that’s where it all happens then?’
‘If you remember from last night Martin, that is the machine that we developed during our first phase of the project. You lie in the chair, we hook you up, the helmet is lowered, you go to sleep, and finally we can get a lock onto your dream wave patterns. Pretty neat eh?’
I was listening, but still staring at the machine. ‘What are those pipes dangling down over the chair?’
‘Come on I will show you,’ he replied as he led us both towards the machine. We stopped near the head of the chair.
‘Is this a real dentist’s chair?’ I asked with a grin.
‘It certainly is. It’s perfect for our needs, and also very comfortable. If you’re lucky, we can also do a couple of fillings for you whilst you’re off visiting other dimensions!’ answered Alistair with a chuckle before adding, ‘but of course we will have to charge you extra!’
‘No, I think I will stick with my own dentist, thanks all the same. And besides, my dentist does have a rather nice female assistant!’ I said grinning.
‘If you’re sticking with your dentist because of the nice assistant, can I remind you that we do have our very own Davila,’ replied Alistair with a cheeky smile and a wink.
‘And there I was thinking that this was going to be a professional tour of the equipment and facilities. Of course, I should have known better – shouldn’t I?’
He started to laugh a little before saying, ‘Come on Martin admit it - you do like her, don’t you?’
‘What?’
‘Davila, she’s single you know, and I saw her giving you the eye yesterday when she asked you about the ‘incident’ at the party. So what about it?’
‘I can’t believe you. You’re supposed to be showing me around, and the only thing on your mind is matchmaking! Yes, she is very agreeable - but that’s as far as it goes, well for now anyway!’
I got another good slap on the back before Alistair replied with a laugh. ‘Only joshing, but I think she likes you all the same. Anyway, where were we? Yes, you wanted to know about these leads, they’re not pipes as you suggested.’
Alistair, serious again, explained. ‘As you can see, you can sit or lie in the chair, and these leads are then attached to your body. Two are placed on the temples of your head; this is so that we can monitor and record your brain activity. One is placed on your chest to monitor – your heart and the final lead is attached to one of your fingers to check your blood pressure. This is done so that we can keep an eye on the health of the subject throughout the whole process.
‘Why does the subject’s health have to be monitored – I thought that it was all pretty much straight forward - with no possible danger?’ I demanded to know.
‘I myself have insisted that all subjects be monitored before, during, and after each experiment. Not because it’s in anyway dangerous or for that matter life threatening, it’s simply because this is all so new. We need to know, purely on scientific grounds, what actually happens to the subject throughout the whole process. However, to put things in perspective Martin, to date we have had two hundred and sixty four different people in the machine, some of them on more than one occasion, and so far, we have yet to detect any side effects whatsoever. We still monitor everybody so that we collect as much data as possible, and of course at the end of the day, we are ensuring that the subject will never be in any danger.’
Alistair paused before adding with a wry smile. ‘So, to answer your question, I can assure you that there is no danger throughout the whole process – absolutely none.’
‘Fine - okay so tell me, where’s the helmet then?’ 
‘You cannot see it while the machine is inactive, it’s hidden up there behind that panel,’ Alistair said, stretching and pointing behind the panel directly above the head of the chair. ‘Once you are in the chair, the helmet is activated and is then automatically lowered over your head, but don’t worry - you’ll get to see it a little bit later on.’
As Alistair finished talking, we were both distracted by somebody approaching us from behind. We both turned around to see a serious-faced man standing about three feet away. He was staring directly at us. Judging by the white overall he was wearing, he must have been one of the project scientists. He was Asian in appearance, just less than six feet tall, with short black thinning hair. He looked to be in his mid thirties.
 ‘Good morning Alistair,’ he said very formally before looking directly at me, ‘and you must be Martin, I assume.’
‘And good morning to you Paul. Yes, please let me introduce you to Martin,’ replied Alistair. ‘Martin, this is Dr Paul Adams. For his sins, Paul has been with me for the last three years and has somehow managed to put up with me for all of this time. Isn’t that right?’
‘Well I guess that like everybody working here, I was pretty much sane before starting to work on this project, but now…no, that’s not true Martin. It’s been good fun working on this,’ he answered, standing with his hands resting on his hips.
‘It’s nice to meet you,’ I said shaking his hand. ‘So tell me, what is your specialist field of work?’
I could see Alistair standing to my right with an air of being the proud father. It was now very clear to me, as Davila had told me during the lecture that this was without doubt, his project.
‘Like everybody concerned with the project Martin, we all get involved to some extent with all aspects of the work here,’ he answered. ‘However, to answer your question directly, my field of work has been mainly with the TST machine – so you are standing beside my work,’ he said whilst indicating to the machine that was directly behind us.
‘Will you be working here when I am doing the experiment?’ I asked.
‘I will indeed, in fact that’s why I have come over,’ he replied. Then, turning his attention to Alistair, he added, ‘I am going to need Martin back here at 11:30 to go through the preliminaries.’
Alistair glanced at his watch before quickly answering, ‘It’s about a quarter to ten, that gives us about an hour and a half. Okay that’s not a problem, we will just have to speed up the tour a little Martin. Fine. Let’s finish up here for now and move on.’
Alistair motioned for us to move off, whilst he gave his assurances to Paul that he would return me on time.
‘Come on Martin, I’ll show you to the Central Hub. I clocked you drooling at it when we first walked in,’ he said with yet another good slap on the back.
‘Tell me Alistair, what did Paul mean when he spoke of the preliminaries?’ I asked.
‘I will let him tell you all about it as we really have to move on. So later Martin, later, don’t worry, you’re not going to miss anything. Anyway here we are, the Central Hub.’
This contraption certainly looked fantastically impressive, and to my mind, it certainly would not have looked out of place if it were sitting on the bridge of some exotic space ship – even though I had no idea of its function or purpose. The whole thing was about seven to eight feet wide and stood about twelve feet high. It was generally cylindrical in outline and had bits of technical wizardry placed all over it. At the top it had four evenly spaced, huge rectangular wide screens arranged. You could therefore see at least one of the screens from anywhere in the room. They were all angled down, and currently inactive – just like the rest of the machine.
‘It’s…it’s amazing Alistair. What on earth is it?’ I asked.
Alistair grinned before answering, ‘It’s what we refer to as the Central Hub, and it’s from here that we monitor all aspects of the experiment throughout the entire process. You could say that this is our control centre.’
‘Tell me, why is the machine effectively four sided?’
‘It’s designed like that so as to give us maximum flexibility,’ he answered. He was once again wildly gesticulating with his glasses in his hands. ‘You see, most of what we do can be monitored from any one side, and whoever is doing the monitoring can leave the Hub and check up on other pieces of equipment, whilst at the same time keeping an eye on the large screens above.’
‘Do the other three screens display the same information at the same time as the one that’s currently in use?’
‘They can, and it has often been used like that. However, should we proceed with the experiment with you tomorrow, then we will actually be using all four of the workstations and displays for real – for the first time.’
‘Don’t tell me Alistair, you’ve never used it for real before, not until I get plugged into the machine - now there’s a surprise!’ I exclaimed in dismay whilst giving him a good long stare.
‘You really are the most damnable person Martin, you really are,’ retorted Alistair, who had very quickly lost his cheerful manner. ‘With you there’s always questions - questions…not to mention your constant general mistrust of what we are about.’
‘Oh come on Alistair, let’s be real here. After everything that I’ve been told - other dimensions, no wait - meeting another one of me in another dimension, I think I have been more than reasonable so far. I mean, when you stop and think about it, most people would have walked away after yesterday’s meeting, or more probably would have ridiculed both you and Davila. Would you not you agree?’
Alistair stood there rigid as a rock, staring straight ahead of himself for a few moments before he answered, ‘Of course I know that you have been reasonable, and you know it. It’s your prickly line of questions and your remarks implying that we are setting you up…you know just what I mean.’
‘Try looking at it from my point of view,’ I replied. ‘I will be the first person to go through the whole process of going into the other dimensions, and now you start to tell me that some of the equipment has never been used before. I think you see my point, don’t you?’
Alistair, once again with his serious looking mood glanced at his watch, saying, ‘Okay, it’s coming up for ten to ten. Let’s take a quick break - and I do mean quick - and grab a coffee. How’s that sound?’
‘Good idea.’
Alistair then led us both out into the corridor where a drinks machine stood, and we each grabbed a cup of coffee.
‘I hear what you’re saying Martin, so let me quickly explain,’ said a much more relaxed looking Alistair. ‘You already know that all going well, you will be the first person to have their thought patterns transmitted through into another dimension. Now, because that part of our work has never actually been done before, for the very same reason, it has not been possible to use some elements of the monitoring equipment on the Central Hub – for real. You do get my drift, don’t you?’
I finished the last of my coffee, and after throwing away the plastic cup, I replied, ‘Don’t get me wrong, I do understand what you’re trying to explain to me, and on reflection I suppose I did speak my mind too soon…nevertheless, all I was doing was expressing my concerns.’
‘I know, I know,’ said Alistair with a slight smile. ‘Come on, we have only got about an hour and a half left before I have to take you back to Paul. Do you remember from last night what Davila said about the other machine?’
‘Other machine?’ I repeated.
‘Oh come on Martin, the MDT, the Multi-Dimensional-Transponder,’ said a very excited looking Alistair.
I stood there thinking for a moment or two, and then it all came back to me from the lecture. ‘I do remember now. She told me that she could not describe the machine, but that it would be the most amazing sight I would ever see. Is that what you’re going to show me next?’ I answered, suddenly feeling very excited.
‘I was rather beginning to fear that we had told you too much at once, and that you were not taking in everything towards the end yesterday,’ said Alistair with a glint in his eye, adding, ‘but I can see that I was obviously quite wrong, and yes Martin, that’s what we are going to see now.’
‘This MDT, is it really so incredible? I enquired eagerly.
‘Absolutely, no question about it,’ he replied as he motioned for us to go back into the lab. ‘This is going to be a one-off visit for you I’m afraid. However, I would just like to point out that both Davila and I had to work very hard to get permission for you to have just this one look.’
We were back in the lab now, and we stopped just in front of the Central Hub. Each time I set eyes upon this incredible machine, I had the feeling that I was looking at some sort of device from the future, and I could not help myself from constantly glancing at it with childlike fascination.
‘Tell me Alistair, why the secrecy with the MDT? And, why was I nearly not allowed to see it?’
‘I will tell you, but not just now,’ replied Alistair as he motioned us past the Central Hub. We now stood directly in front of a rather strange looking machine, fitted out with the now familiar array of large screens, keyboards, rows of lights and indicators. I noticed for the first time since I started my tour of the lab that this device, whatever it was, was alive with active flashing lights. Sitting at one of the keyboards in front of a monitor was a scientist with their back to us. Whoever it was, and I could not work out if it was a man or a woman, they never once turned their attention towards us, so I guessed that they must have been wrapped up in whatever they were doing.
‘At last Alistair, you have something in here that is actually switched on. I was beginning to worry!’ I said whilst trying to work out if any of the indicators made any sense to me, which of course they did not.
‘And for good reason’ stated Alistair very proudly, and with some excitement in his voice. He removed his glasses and continued, ‘The MDT is effectively active all of the time, even when it is not transmitting, hence the reason for this control panel being live just now.’
‘If this is just the control panel, where then is the MDT itself?’ I asked looking around the lab.
‘It’s located behind the control panel Martin, in its own chamber. In a minute or two we are going to go in for a quick look,’ Alistair said, pointing at the panel with his glasses. Wait here, I’m going to get us both authorisation.’ He walked to the control panel and then spoke into the wall phone that he had just picked up. He walked back to me after replacing the handset.
‘If I wasn’t here, would you need to phone for yourself?’ I asked.
‘Absolutely, and for good reason. It will all become clear as we go along.’ Alistair stopped talking as a uniformed female soldier walked directly towards us.
‘Good morning Dr Longman. Is it just the two of you to go in?’ she asked in a very formal manner.
‘It is, yes. Good morning sergeant, and how are you today?’ replied Alistair.
‘I’m good, Dr Longman, thank you. Shall we?’ she said motioning us towards the right of the MDT controller.
It looked to me as though were going to stand in front of a bare metallic wall. However, I soon realised that at closer inspection you could just make out the outline of one of those heavy duty pressured round doors, except that this one had a few flashing lights and indicators on it. If you did not stand beside it, you would never know of its existence. With a soldier in uniform beside me, it did cross my mind that it may have been deliberately done like this, like a sort of camouflage.
‘Whenever you’re ready Dr Longman,’ she stated very firmly.
‘Martin, to gain access through this door, we need to firstly show our ID badges to the ID reader on the door, get them authorised on the sergeant’s card reader, and then once again on the ID reader on the door. I will go first,’ said Alistair.
He showed his card to the reader on the door and a red light came on accompanied by an electronic beep. The card was then scanned on the sergeant’s card reader, and he then repeated the procedure at the door. This time I noticed that the light now changed from red to green.
After I had gone through the same procedure with my ID card, I noted with interest that the sergeant herself had to go through the same process with her own card.
‘Do you know sergeant, when I had my fancy job in the city, we had the very same security procedures, and that was just to get in and out of the lift!’ I said with a smile.
She looked at me, and then turned to Alistair.
‘Do what I do, just ignore him,’ said Alistair, giving me a dirty look.
She again looked in my direction and this time shook her head. She then walked a few paces to the door which now opened, accompanied with the recognizable hiss of air.
I decided not to add any further remarks in the general direction of the sergeant, who clearly had no sense of humour and needed to get out more. The three of us then stepped through the doorway into a somewhat darkly lit chamber. The door closed with a hiss behind us, and for a few moments it was very difficult to see whilst my eyes adjusted themselves to the general darkness.
‘So this is it Martin, the MDT. We will stand here for a few moments until our eyes get used to the low level of light. In the meantime, I will tell you a little about the machine itself, as well as the chamber that we are in,’ stated Alistair.
I could see already that the sergeant had remained very close to the door, whilst we had walked on another thirty feet or so.
‘When you can see it, the top half of this chamber is perfectly spherical, and, I do mean perfectly spherical, with the MDT lying directly at its centre. How’s your eyes now?’ he enquired.
‘It’s still pretty dark, but I can see a lot more now. Is that weird globe thing there in the middle the MDT?’ I asked, pointing at whatever I was looking at in the centre. Although it was pretty dark, there was something about the globe that was definitely very odd, but I could not work out what it was. I had also noticed since coming into the chamber that there was a rather odd hum that seemed to come and go, and as far as I could make out, it was coming from the globe.
‘Yes, that’s the MDT, come on I will take you right up to it,’ he replied leading me towards it. The closer we got to it, the more surreal it seemed to get, in a way that I really could not explain. Now I realised why Davila did not want to describe it to me. We now stopped about five or six feet in front of it.
I estimated that the globe was at least twenty feet in diameter, and as we stood there, the globe itself seemed to have some sort of unnatural presence about it. I could feel the hair on the back of my neck starting to rise – this was definitely more than just a little spooky.
Now that we were this close, I began to realise what was strange about it. The globe appeared to move imperceptibly both up and down, as well as back and forwards, and as it did so, a very faint hum came from the dome itself, of that I was now sure. I could also work out that the hum changed in pitch whenever it changed its position.
I also began to realise why I had felt that the globe was a little weird as soon as I had seen it from the back of the chamber. As I began to see more clearly, I realised that the globe was actually pulsating with different dull colours, which appeared at random, in different shapes or swirling motions all over different parts of its surface. It reminded me of a child’s toy ball I had once seen that changed its colours when you squeezed it in your hand. The globe seemed to be alive, possessing a life force all of its own.
‘You’re very quiet Martin. Nothing to say. No silly remarks? Alistair enquired.
I had completely forgotten that he was right beside me for a few minutes whilst I stood in awe at this amazing sight. Davila was not wrong, trying to describe what I was now looking at would not have done it justice at all.
 ‘Alistair, what the hell am I looking at, and how on earth does it seem to just…float there?’
‘The heart of the MDT is actually the globe Martin. You probably would not have noticed in the low light, but if you look closely at about knee height, you will see that the MDT is completely surrounded by a large containment ring. It’s the ring that not only maintains the position of the MDT at all times, but also levitates it so that it is literally floating off the ground.’
I was listening to Alistair, but my attention was constantly fixed to the slowly moving and pulsating globe. I was just beginning to wonder why it was only now that I had noticed the changing patterns and colours, and not when we had first entered the chamber, when Alistair spoke again.
‘You would have probably noticed by now that the closer we get to the globe, the more colourful and agitated it gets.’
‘You must have been reading my mind, as I’m sure that it was completely dark when we first arrived,’ I answered.
‘That’s because it does not like us here in the chamber at all, and this is as close as we can actually get to it,’ said Alistair.
‘You mean it doesn’t like you!’ I quickly said.
‘Well, that would not surprise me at all! No, you see Martin the whole machine is ultra sensitive to all forms of electricity, no matter how minute, which is part of the reason that it’s completely isolated in here.’
‘So why does it not like us then, if it’s electricity that upsets it?’ I wanted to know.
‘Everybody has a very slight electrical charge about them, so the closer we get, the more it upsets the globe’s own natural balance. To answer your next question Martin, if we get within about three feet of the globe, the transference of energy from the globe to you will be enough to stop your heart - for good. So this is why we will approach no further!’ said Alistair with a bit of an uneasy chuckle.
I bent down on one knee to get a good look at the base of the globe, and sure enough, it was indeed floating about six to eight inches off the ground. I also noticed the containment ring for the first time, and as I looked more closely, I could tell that as the globe floated, it was actually gently humming as it moved back and forth.
‘Impressive stuff, isn’t it?’ asked Alistair.
‘What can I say…it’s amazing. Did you design this?’
‘I was part of the team, yes. Now that I’ve got you all excited, I’m afraid Martin that our time is nearly up and we must start to make a move. Before we do go, I bet you haven’t noticed another interesting feature of this chamber have you?’ he said, rubbing his hands, clearly looking forward to telling some other little gem.
‘Come on then, what have I not noticed then?’ I replied.
‘Look around you Martin, what do you see? Look slowly and carefully.’
I did as he suggested, but all I could notice was the dark chamber, with the faint outline of the sergeant by the door. I turned to Alistair and shrugged.
‘Look directly above the MDT Martin, and you will notice that as the light catches the top of the chamber, it shines a little strangely.’
I looked up, and after focusing my eyes for a few moments, I did see the strange glimmer, but nevertheless, I still did not appreciate what was so special about it.
‘You see Martin, this must be one of the most expensive chambers ever built into a mountain…the whole place is lined with seven inches of  pure gold.’
‘Seven inches of gold? Bloody Hell! It must have cost an absolute fortune Alistair. Why line it with gold?’
‘You are already aware that the MDT has to be completely isolated, and that’s why it’s located here in this mountain. The gold lining is effectively the last line of defence to shield it from Cosmic Rays, as well as about eighty seven percent of Neutrinos. Additionally, it also acts as a very good heat shield, which is very necessary as it gets extremely hot in here once it’s operating at full power.’
‘Neutrinos - I’ve heard about them. Don’t they come from space, but have no mass…or something?’
‘In a manner of speaking yes, but that’s for another time. I will give you just another few moments to look at the display of colours, then we really must leave.’ Alistair replied whilst trying to see the time on his watch.
We both stood there, just looking at the globe. It was mesmerising. You felt that you were somehow standing just above this now swirling tempest, and that you were at any moment going to fall into it. I was actually beginning to feel as though I was being drawn into it.
From out of the corner of my eye my attention was then distracted by a very faint outline of somebody walking towards me from behind. They stopped and stood about three feet directly to my right. I assumed that it must be the sergeant to escort us out of the chamber. I turned to greet her…but there was nobody there. I could feel the hair on the back of my neck rise, and instantly I could feel my heart starting to race. I looked all around me; there was absolutely nobody, there never was.
‘You okay Martin? You seemed a little distracted there,’ enquired Alistair.
‘Distracted…did you…did you see somebody just now?’
‘No, why, did you?’
‘I don’t know Alistair, it’s all a bit strange. I thought the sergeant had walked up beside us. I looked around, and nobody was there…it’s okay, just forget it. It was probably just a trick of the light,’ I said, trying not to discuss it any further. However, I knew I had definitely seen something, but I did not know what. Fearing that Alistair would consider me as mad or probably worse, I certainly did not want to discuss it and decided that it was more sensible to just shut up.
Alistair patted me on the back. ‘Come on, it’s time we must leave,’ he said, guiding me back to the doorway.
‘Everything all right, Dr Longman? Ready to leave?’ the sergeant asked as we reached her.
‘Yes, thank you, we’re all done in here,’ he replied.
The three of us had to go through the same procedure with the IDs to get out of the chamber. The door closed behind us, and the sergeant very formally bid us farewell.
Alistair again glanced at his watch before saying, ‘Not bad, not bad at all. It’s eleven twenty, just in time to get you over to Paul.’ As he finished talking, we both saw Paul coming towards us from the Central Hub.
After greeting each other, Alistair asked Paul, ‘How long do you think you’ll need Martin?’
‘Probably for only about forty-five minutes. However, if you want Alistair, I can keep him for a while longer and go over some of the workings in a little more detail.’
‘Good idea. Tell you what, I need to speak to Davila about something. If you can keep Martin until, say twelve twenty, or half twelve that would be great,’ replied Alistair. I could see that something was on his mind - he was clearly trying to conceal some concern.
‘Fine by me, see you later then,’ answered Paul as Alistair quickly marched off.
‘Was it something I said, or did you upset him in the chamber?’ asked Paul, looking slightly puzzled.
‘Nothing to do with me.’ I responded.
‘Okay, let’s get you over to the TST,’ he said guiding me past the Central Hub and over the dentist’s chair.
‘What I want to do with you Martin, as I mentioned before, is to just go through some of the preliminaries before this afternoon’s session. In a few moments, I want you in the chair so that you’re nice and comfortable, then I’m going to attach these leads to you so that I can get initial readings, you know, blood pressure, heart beat etc. Essentially, all I’m doing at this stage is making sure that you are in perfect health, rather than finding problems during the middle of an experiment. I’m sure you know what I mean?’
‘Sounds okay to me.’ I replied.
I had to admit to myself that although I was taking in what was being said to me, and what was going on around me, I was nevertheless continually thinking about what I had, or had not seen back in the chamber. I did not feel that I had been ‘spooked,’ but all the same, it was a hell of a strange experience, and it continued to play on my mind.
‘Right, get yourself settled in the chair, and we’ll get things started.’
I did as instructed, and once seated, asked, ‘Tell me Paul, do I get my teeth polished, in addition to the standard check up?’
‘I’m afraid there’s going to be no time today. Maybe some other time,’ he quickly replied. ‘I’m going to put the chair back just a little, then get these leads attached…just try to relax,’ he said with a friendly wink and a smile.
The chair reclined a little, and then he attached the leads: one on my chest, two on my temples, and one to the end of a finger. I was asked to just sit still and relax during the whole procedure, which he said should take around thirty minutes. I sat back and relaxed as Paul had instructed, and I now closed my eyes. In fact, I was so relaxed that I felt myself dozing off on more than a couple of occasions. Once again, my head was in utter turmoil from what had been said and from what I had seen and experienced. I was thinking about the MDT and was getting somewhat confused. I was not sure if it was the globe that was part of the enormous power source down here, or was that something else again? I had been told so many new and almost unbelievable things that it was difficult trying to piece it all together. I was also finding it difficult to think logically in any way whatsoever about the shadowy person that I had seen inside the chamber. I started to remember what Alistair had said at breakfast about his strange experience, and his daft theory that if you had seen something ghostly, then it could have been a dimension traveller. Is that what I had seen, and if I had, why had Alistair not seen it?
 My wondering mind came sharply back into focus as I heard Paul say in a relaxed manner, ‘How are we doing Martin? I know I did say ‘relax,’ but I began to think that you had actually fallen unconscious for a while there!’
I opened my eyes just as he was beginning to remove the leads from me. ‘Fine thanks, this chair is very comfortable just as you promised. Gosh I must have been tired. Well I feel quite good now,’ I replied, feeling as though I had been in a great slumber.
‘Well Martin, you’ll be pleased to know that as expected you are in perfect health, and more importantly, we have now laid the foundations for getting your thought wave patterns recorded this afternoon, so we’re all done for now.’
‘Great, can I get out of the chair now?’ I asked.
‘Yes please do.’ And after glancing at his watch, he added, ‘We still have fifteen to twenty minutes before Alistair comes back for you, so if you want we can just chat for a while.’
‘Fine by me…do you mind if I pump you with some questions?’
‘Of course not Martin, ask away.’
‘Alistair said that my visit to the MDT, in spite of the fact that it was a short visit, was to be my last. What’s the big deal?’
I could see Paul standing, looking rather thoughtful; he was clearly thinking what to say before he answered, ‘There are a variety of reasons for that, and I’m sure you’ll understand when I say that I cannot go into most of those for now…that said, I do know why this was probably to be your last visit. You see, when you went into the chamber, the MDT was inactive. Now, all going well, and we are going to do the first run with you tomorrow, the MDT will obviously be active. It takes around ten hours to get the MDT up to its full operating power, and after each run it then takes around a further seventy-six hours to fully power down. That’s nearly four full days to power up and to then power down again, and during this period anybody that went into the chamber would be instantly vaporised.’
‘What do you mean by vaporised?’ I wanted to know.
‘In that there chamber Martin, we have the world’s most perfect murder weapon, and I do mean perfect! It’s very simple: you lock somebody in, you turn the machine on, and when you open the door four days later, there is no trace of that person whatsoever – absolutely nothing; no DNA trace, nothing. So be careful, just be a little wary if you start complaining about the canteen food to the chef!’ chuckled Paul.
I had noticed that unlike both Davila and Alistair, Paul did not get at all animated when he was discussing or describing something. Instead he would have a serious or a jovial expression, and would usually stand with his hands on his hips in quite a relaxed manner.
‘Tell me, is it really possible that the machine be switched on, whilst somebody is still in there?’
‘No is the honest answer to that Martin. Due to the very nature…as well as the obvious dangers of the MDT, there are failsafe mechanisms built in at every level of what we do. A good example of that is the Central Hub; it becomes active as soon as the door to the chamber is opened. As soon as you opened the chamber door, I was able to see from the display that three people had entered, and I could also see exactly where everybody was standing. You cannot activate the MDT if anybody is in there: the inbuilt safety features will not allow it. It’s as simple as that. So you don’t need to worry, you’re quite safe!’
That was interesting. Paul just stated that according to the monitors, there were only ever three people in the chamber. So what the hell was it that I saw if it could not be picked up on their equipment?
‘So what’s it like in the chamber when the MDT is active?’ I asked.
‘It’s a little difficult to describe as nobody including myself has ever seen it at anything like full power, but to give you an idea, when it is running at full power, the whole globe will raise itself to a height of four feet. The light show it will display will be pretty damn fantastic as well. It will be glowing different shades of swirling blue colours, whilst from its entire surface it will be emitting terrifyingly bright and powerful blue and white arcs of light. I suppose to best describe it would be that for all intents and purposes it would look very much like a ferocious lightning storm. It would be very beautiful, but unfortunately you would not live long enough to enjoy the spectacle. Regrettably, It’s not something that can be filmed or recorded in any way, as no electrical equipment is allowed in, and anyway, any devices such as cameras just would not survive in there for any length of time.’
We both turned to see Alistair coming towards us. ‘Looks like your lunch ticket has just arrived,’ said Paul.
‘So how’s my patient? I hope you have a fine and healthy specimen for me Paul!’ announced Alistair as he greeted us both.
‘Of course I do,’ replied Paul. ‘Yes no problems at all, and we’re all ready to go through this afternoon’s work.’
‘Good, we’ll go for lunch and see you back here for 14:30. That’s right, isn’t it?’
‘Yes Alistair. I’m going to have Sarah working with me this afternoon. Do you know if Davila will be dropping by for the session? Haven’t really seen her much over the last day or two.’
‘I don’t think so, but you can be sure that she will be here for the main experiment tomorrow. Any problems?’ enquired Alistair.
‘No, not at all, just asking,’ he replied.
‘Good, after lunch then,’ said Alistair. After saying goodbye to Paul, we then started to make our way to the canteen and hopefully some lunch – I was famished.
As we walked to the canteen, I was convinced that something was playing on Alistair’s mind, so I decided to ask. ‘And what about you Alistair? You look deep in thought. Everything okay?’
He did not reply, and as we were about to get our food, he finally said, ‘Everything’s just fine, just fine. If I do look deep in thought, it’s because we have only about twenty-six hours left before your run tomorrow. We have a lot to sort out and finalise. So yes, I am deep in thought. Anyway, now to more important matters. Let’s sit down and eat!’
We ate our lunch mostly in silence before Alistair asked, ‘So, now you have seen and know a good deal more, what are your thoughts?’
I pushed my plate away and took a sip of water before answering, ‘My thoughts? All over the place Alistair - just all over the bloody place! This feels…completely surreal. It’s as if I’m in the middle of some sort of strange dream, and all this, the complex, the MDT, you, Davila, all of it will just disappear when I wake up. Do you know what I mean?’
‘I guess I do, but you’re here and this, I can assure you, is all very real, and tomorrow, all going well, we are going to start getting some answers - at long last. Now, I know that you must be feeling a little like one of those explorers of old, not knowing what they were going to discover next. Understandably, you must also be more than a little apprehensive about the first run tomorrow, but I can assure you that I, myself, am feeling very apprehensive about the first run. Seven years…seven years Martin, if my machine does not work, if those other dimensions do not exist…then it’s me that is going to wish that none of this is real – and that all of this will disappear…’
It was only now that I realised that in spite of Alistair’s general relaxed manner here in the complex, he was without a doubt very wound up, and in fact, on reflection, he was probably very stressed out as well as terrified that he could find himself a failure: seven years’ work, all for nothing.
It got me thinking: if all of this did not work out, what would happen to Alistair and Davila, not to mention everyone else connected to the project? Who were backing the project? The government? The military? What would they do? What was their real interest in all of this?
On the other hand, if this did work out and somebody, maybe me, were actually able to somehow to connect to other dimensions, what then? What did the project’s backers want to really achieve? I decided that for now, it was best for me not to worry too much about the motives of Alistair and Davila’s masters – whoever they were. Anyway, I would have my fun and excitement, and in a few days I would be home and back to normality. That had been my plan from the start and so far, as far as I could tell, it was working out pretty much okay.
When I stopped to think about it, how many other people were going to have the same opportunity to do what I was going to do? Just now, I was feeling not only extremely lucky, but also very privileged that I had been gifted this once in a lifetime chance.
We would finish lunch, and then, at last, I would have my first real experience with the TST. I kept forgetting its full name…Trans-Scopic-Transponder. Why they called it that I’ll never know. Another meeting with Alistair and Davila in the evening, then on to tomorrow. That’s when the real fun would begin – I just could not wait for tomorrow.

Chapter Five

With the meal out of the way, my speculative mind was brought sharply back into focus as Alistair led me back to the lab.
Waiting by the TST and the dentist’s chair for us was Paul and a very young looking woman who I guessed must be Sarah, the woman that Paul had mentioned before lunch. She appeared to be no more than maybe twenty-two, which made her seem very young in the present company. Another thing that marked her out as different from everybody else was her height. She was scarcely five and a half feet, making her the shortest person by far I had yet seen in the complex. It was not only her height that made her stand out: she also looked incredibly sexy.
Paul did the introductions and I said hello and shook her hand for the first time. Or was it? I had the strangest feeling that I had met her before, yet I really did not recognise her and certainly could not place her. She certainly did not act as though we had met before. I decided not to say anything, fearing that whatever I said would sound like a clumsy chat up line. Nevertheless, I really did have the strangest feeling about her, but could not really say why. That was the second time that something strange had happened to me today. First there was the strange shadowy figure that was, or was not, in the MDT chamber, and now Sarah. Alistair had promised on more than one occasion that my time here would be weird; however, this was starting to be an awful lot stranger than I ever could have imagined.
I followed Paul’s instructions and made myself comfortable in the chair. Alistair and Paul were both deep in conversation and carefully going over some notes as well as checking the equipment. It was Sarah that attached the various monitoring leads onto me. I thought it best not to say anything and just keep quiet; however, it was Sarah that spoke first.
‘So, looking forward to travelling through the other dimensions?’
‘I suppose so, although I’m not really sure what I’m letting myself in for.’
She flashed a provocative smile at me before saying, ‘Oh it’s going to be a wild ride Martin, a wild ride!’
‘What do you mean by that?’ I asked.
After a girlish giggle she answered, ‘There’s really nothing to worry about, but you’ll find out…believe me, when I say a wild ride!’
‘Hang on a minute Sarah; Alistair never said anything about a wild ride. I was told that nobody knows what the experience is going to be like. So what is it that you know and that I’ve not been told?’
‘It’s nothing like that Martin, nothing at all. It’s true that none of us here knows what will happen if it all works out. But if you just stand back from the whole thing and use your imagination, the possibilities are endless…hence the wild ride. Anyway, you have nothing to worry about; I will always be here to hold your hand.’ As she finished talking she patted my hand and then turned to both Alistair and Paul.
I noticed that I felt a very odd sensation that I simply could not understand whenever Sarah came close or actually touched me. It was very strange.
‘We are all ready when you are,’ she said addressing them both.
‘Good, let’s get started then,’ said Alistair. ‘Sarah, as you will be assisting Paul for the run tomorrow, why don’t you do the whole thing today with Paul just looking on, and I will catch up with you guys a little later on.’
Both Paul and Sarah agreed, and Alistair then came over to me in the chair. ‘This is all going to be a bit of fun for you, so just relax and enjoy it. I have a lot to do, so I’ll leave you in the very capable hands of Sarah and Paul, and I’ll then catch up with you tonight at 19:30 in the meeting room. We’ll then go through a few final things with Davila for tomorrow. Alright with you?’
‘Fine by me,’ I replied.
‘Good, I will collect you from your room a little before 19:30. Enjoy your new dreams - but not too much!’
We said our goodbyes and then Paul came over. ‘Sarah will do the entire procedure with you Martin. I’m going to monitor the whole process from the Central Hub. Okay with that?’
‘I’m just fine, just do whatever you do, don’t worry about me.’
He then made his way to the Central Hub, and now it was the turn of Sarah to come over. ‘This is it Martin, you’re about to take your first step before the real thing tomorrow. I know you have been told about the procedure, but before I do anything, I will quickly explain it to you again…as it’s your first time,’ she finished talking, with her silly, girlish laugh.
The more we were together, the more I was convinced that I somehow knew her – and yet deep down I was also pretty sure that we had never met. It was more than a little confusing, not to mention very surreal.
‘I’m going to give you an injection which is no more than a mild sedative. It will put you to sleep for a maximum of around fifteen minutes. In fact it will probably only put you to sleep between nine and twelve minutes, so you won’t be out for long. Once we have established that you are completely asleep, the helmet will be lowered and we can then record your dream wave patterns. This will only take around two or three minutes and we will then move onto the next phase. Using your known dream wave patterns, we will then transmit directly into your mind a short recording, which you should be able to recall with crystal clarity when you awake. The playback into your mind will last exactly one minute, although it will probably feel longer when you wake up. Any questions?’
I could not think of anything to ask at all and replied, ‘No questions Sarah.’
‘Okay, let’s do it, shall we?’
My mind had been going off in so many different directions over the course of the day that I had not really given any thought to what I was about to do. Now that Sarah had said we were about to go ahead with the procedure, all of my initial worries suddenly came flooding back. However, I knew that I had to do this and did not want to appear worried. 
‘Not getting nervous, are we?’ enquired Sarah.
‘No, not at all, I’m fine.’
She smiled at me before saying, ‘You are forgetting Martin, that we have you all wired…and I can see from the monitors that your pulse rate is suddenly up. However, everyone who has gone through this for the first time, and that includes me, has had their pulse rate rise before going under. It’s normal and I expected it to happen, so you just relax and I’ll give your injection.’
As Sarah finished talking, I noticed for the first time that she had a syringe in her hand. She rolled up my shirtsleeve and injected the sedative into my arm. I did not feel a thing. She smiled at me before saying, ‘The sedative will take around two minutes, so I’ll start to get the machine ready. Enjoy the experience, and I will see you in less than fifteen minutes.’
I could feel myself getting sleepy as I watched her walk towards the machine’s numerous instruments and monitors. With all of the strange sounds emanating from the equipment around me, I now closed my eyes.

The sound of rushing wind slowly disappeared as I became confused by the sound of a girl’s voice saying, ‘Its okay to open your eyes now Martin. How are you doing?’
I opened my eyes and for a few moments, I was completely disorientated by my surroundings. Just a short while ago, I had jumped out of an aeroplane, had the roaring of the wind in my ears, and now, I found myself in a very weird place.
‘Martin, are you with us yet?’
I turned my head slightly to see Sarah standing beside me with a huge smile. ‘Remember me Martin?’ she asked.
I looked around the room and then realised that I was in the lab.
‘Whoa…that was incredible, what the hell happened? I was gone for hours, but you told me it would be a few minutes.’ I replied.
After she had finished removing all of the leads from my body she answered, ‘Martin, you have been asleep for just over eleven minutes, and I can assure you that you have been the perfect patient. Everything has gone as planned, so we are on for tomorrow. If you feel up to it, you should really get out of the chair and stretch yourself.’
I did as instructed: however, when I stood up for the first time I felt decidedly wobbly for a moment or two. ‘Take it easy, you will feel a little out of sorts for two or three minutes which is normal after such a deep sleep,’ advised Sarah before adding, ‘I need to ask you a few questions, and we will do that in the canteen over a hot drink. How are we doing?’
I now felt that I was pretty much back in control and knew where we were. ‘I certainly could do with that hot drink – if not something a little stronger!’ I replied. I noticed that Paul was now coming towards us.
‘That all went rather well. How do you feel?’ he enquired.
‘I’m fine now, but for a few moments…I felt…’
‘Rather confused? Didn’t know where you were?’ interjected Paul.
‘Exactly,’ I replied.
‘Good, that means that you’re no different from any of us then, and that’s what we needed to know. Anyway you get off to the canteen with Sarah. Get yourself a well-deserved drink, and I will see you tomorrow for the real thing! Looking forward to it Martin?’
‘I think so. Tell you what, ask me again tomorrow. I’m still feeling more than a little odd just now.’
‘You get yourself off to the canteen, relax a little, and I’ll see you tomorrow, and I’ll see you in about an hour or so Sarah.’
After saying goodbye to Paul, both Sarah and I then made our way to the canteen. During our walk Sarah explained to me that she would have to get straight back to the lab after we had finished in the canteen, as there was still a good deal of preparation to be done for tomorrow.
We got our drinks and sat down at one of the many empty tables. Once again, there were no more than about twenty people at the tables.
‘Tell me Sarah, what’s the largest number of people that you’ve seen in here?’
‘Well, I’ve been here for eighteen months now, and this is about as busy as it gets. Mind you, they had some sort of an exercise here a few months back, and there was easily around a hundred or so military people here.’
‘What sort of an exercise?’ I wanted to know.
Sarah, who had now finished shuffling some papers around on her clipboard, looked at me and smiled before saying, ‘Now now Martin, you know that you won’t get answers to those types of questions. This is a top secret place you know.’
‘I only asked out of curiosity,’ I answered.
‘You know what they say, ‘curiosity killed the cat’, she replied before continuing, ‘Anyway, I need to ask a few questions about your dream experience and then we’ll be done.’
‘Fine, you just ask away.’
‘Well, just tell me what you remember as well as how you felt.’
‘It was bloody fantastic Sarah. I was like a top secret agent, a bit like a James Bond figure. I was called into the briefing room, given my mission, which I accepted without question, as well as given my special projects case. When I opened the case it was full of high tech weaponry, which I knew how to use.’
I paused before looking directly at Sarah, ‘You know something strange, I can still remember in detail all of those weapons and how to use them. Were they fictional, or do I now know how those weapons work?’
Sarah, who had been taking notes, now looked directly at me. ‘For a bit of fun we decided to make you a weapons expert and yes, as far as the weapons in the case are concerned, you are now an expert in every detail, and I do mean, every detail of their function.’
I sat there for a few moments thinking before I then said, ‘Bloody Hell Sarah, this is more than a little spooky. Are you telling me that all you have to do is to put someone to sleep for ten minutes and you can then make that person an expert in anything?’
‘Pretty much. However, today it was all done for a bit of fun as well as demonstrating to you exactly what this technology does. Anyway, please continue with the recall of your dream.’
‘After taking my weapons case, I had to make my way to an airbase to meet with my contact.’
‘What was the name of the airbase and your contact?’
‘The airbase was called Arrisma and my contact was Colonel Geoff Smith, but I knew that was not his real name.’
Now that I had answered Sarah, I realised that I could remember in great detail my entire dream. That was probably why she had asked me, to see if I could recall all the details of the transmitted dream sequence.
‘Please continue Martin.’
‘My contact, Colonel Geoff Smith, gave me some briefing notes, which I was to only open after I had landed safely after parachuting out of a plane into enemy territory. I can remember getting on the aircraft, taking off, sitting there thinking about my mission. It felt as if I was in the aircraft a couple of hours or so. I then jumped out. I remember that through my goggles I could see the land below me, and hear the tremendous noise of the rushing wind. I was in the process of deploying my parachute, then I heard a girl’s voice, yes…yes it was your voice asking if I was okay. The whole experience felt like hours, and when I awoke I simply did not know what was going on for a minute or two.’
‘And now, how do you feel?’
‘I feel like…like I’ve been to a fairground. No, no, it’s more like Disneyland, except that this was a whole lot more real and intense - and a hell of a lot more fun! Then again, if I stop and begin to analyse what has happened and all of its ramifications…then it becomes pretty scary, if you know what I mean.’
Sarah had been sitting there in silence, just listening intently to my every word, and now she put her pen and clipboard down. ‘Yes, I know just what you mean. You see, we gave you that dream not just for fun, but also to see how you would react to some pretty scary and serious situations – and let’s face it, not everybody would be happy jumping out of a military plane and into enemy territory. However, you took it all in your stride which is very important, especially as we don’t know what will happen tomorrow. Now we can all be confident, including you, that no matter what happens tomorrow, you are in good shape and will be in no danger.’
‘Tell me Sarah, if the dream sequence lasted for only one minute, why on earth did it feel like I had been away for what seemed like five or six hours?’
‘It’s just the way that your brain interprets the transmitted sequences when you are asleep, that’s all, nothing else. Anyway, I think it’s fair to say that we are all done for now. It’s very clear that you have absolutely no problems with the recall from your dream, so we should all be ready for tomorrow. Any questions at all?’
I shook my head before replying, ‘I think I’m all out of questions for now. So, what about you? Are you looking forward to tomorrow’s events?’
‘You bet I am, I can’t wait. Anyway, I’m always looking for new experiences, aren’t you?’ she again finished off with one of her girlish laughs.
I found myself staring at her – yes she was very flirtatious, but there was no doubt that she really was very nice. And to compound things, I had this strange feeling that I knew her very well – and yet I knew that to be impossible.
‘I’m always looking for new experiences myself Sarah, I just hope tomorrow’s will be a good one.’
‘Martin, all of us on the team are all pretty jealous that it’s you and not one of us that’s going on the first run tomorrow. I for one would give anything to have that new experience, and I am convinced that it will all go well, and like I said before, it’s going to be a wild ride. You have nothing to worry about at all. Anyway, time is getting on and I must return you to your room. You will then be collected at 18:15 for dinner, and then Alistair will collect you just before 19:30.’
We finished off at the canteen, and Sarah then escorted me to my room as promised. It was only now that I realised that no matter where I went in the complex, I would always be escorted and not just accompanied, because I did not know the way. Anyway, I was not really bothered. The run would be tomorrow, followed by the debriefing, which could go into the next day, and then, having had my fun, I would be on my way home.
I showered and relaxed for about an hour by watching the television. I was collected for my evening meal and then returned to my room. With about half an hour to go, I now awaited the knock on the door from Alistair.
Now that I was not actually doing anything and just hanging around, I became aware of how terribly tired I had become. I had done so much, been told so much, and had seen so much, I was now finding it all a bit difficult trying to keep my mind focused. In spite of all the truly amazing machinery I had seen, not to mention my roller-coaster dream experience, there were other matters that stubbornly refused to leave the forefront of my mind.
I could not get out of my mind the image of the very strange shadowy figure that I knew I had seen in the chamber. Another thing that played on my mind was Sarah. What the hell was that all about? It was as though my soul, if there was such a thing, knew her very well, and yet, I knew that to be impossible. The more I thought about these two experiences, the more fearful and confused I felt.
There was a knocking on the door, and I knew that it was Alistair to take me to the briefing with Davila. With any luck, he would also take my mind away from all things strange!
‘Feeling tired Martin?’ said Alistair as he greeted me at the door.
‘Is it that obvious?’
‘No – but you should be, and if you’re not, then I want to know why!’ he answered with a loud laugh, firmly thumping me on the back.
We both made idle chitchat as we walked for the next couple of minutes which made a pleasant change. I instantly recognised the lift that I knew took us down about one level directly into the briefing room. As the doors of the lift opened, Davila greeted us.
We all sat down as we had yesterday evening. ‘So Martin, tell me about your day,’ began Davila.
‘I’m not sure that I would know where to begin…but I can tell you that it’s been as Alistair had promised; weird all the way…and then some…’
‘And then some…I’m not sure that I like the sound of that…and then some…but what exactly do you mean?’
I could feel by her tone as well as her mannerism that her question was definitely going somewhere, but I was damned if I knew where. She had not smiled once since we were seated. I did not know what she wanted me to say, and looking at them both, I replied, ‘I know that this is going somewhere, so what’s the big deal?’
‘Martin, if you remember, one of the many reasons that you are here on this very expensive seven year project is your questioning mind. It is imperative that you bring to our immediate attention anything that you consider out of the ordinary. We are agreed on that, aren’t we?’ She finished off with a glare across the table. I still had no idea of where this was going.
‘So do tell - what was your impression of our fabulous MDT machine in the chamber? Pretty impressive eh?’ Enquired Alistair. After the stern approach from Davila, his friendly question seemed very odd and out of place.
‘I don’t think that there are any words that can describe that amazing contraption Alistair but tell me, what’s the connection with what Davila has just said?’
Davila finished taking a sip of water before saying, ‘When you were in the chamber, our monitoring equipment told us that there were only three of you in there, including the sergeant. So tell me, who was that person that was standing beside you – you remember, a sort of shadowy person that was not there when you turned to look at them?’
I was stunned and completely taken aback. I clearly remember that I had only briefly mentioned that I thought I had seen somebody to Alistair, only to deliberately take it back immediately afterwards. I sat there for a few moments thinking what to say next before finally saying, ‘Alistair, yes it’s true that for a moment I thought that I saw someone, but as you know, when I turned around there was nobody to be seen. So why would I want to mention it again?’ I asked looking at them both. 
‘You see Martin, yours is not the first sighting of a strange shadowy person that is never to be seen as soon as you look directly at them,’ said Alistair before continuing. ‘In fact yours is now the third sighting that we have had in the chamber. The first happened during the construction of the chamber. The poor guy that saw this strange figure was so terrified that he never returned to the complex, ever again. The second sighting was by our very own Sarah. That was only last week. And you want to know why we know of her experience?’
Before I could think of what to say, Davila quickly answered for me, ‘We know why, because she told us all about it, so we knew what she had seen - and could make comparisons with the first sighting…unlike you Martin.’
‘Okay, yes I admit that I did see something. However, I deliberately kept quiet, as I knew that nobody else had seen it and I suspected that my eyes had probably deceived me. Now of course I know different - I never realised, and it was never made clear to me, that I would have to report anything weird before the experiment had actually begun.’
As I finished talking I noticed that Davila was now looking a little more relaxed than she had only a few moments ago. I quickly came to the conclusion that she was like a lot of people in authority that I had met before, always blowing hot and cold.
‘Okay, I think it’s fair to say that you get the point. As Alistair would like to say, everything here in this complex is very weird. This is just one of many examples of why we need you to be very alert and communicate back to us all of your experiences. You do know what I mean, don’t you?’ asked a much happier looking Davila.
So, I had seen something, but what? I was beginning to feel very much more relieved now that I knew that it was not only me that was seeing things. However, after the firm cross-examination from Davila, the thought that she may suspect something about my strange feeling when Sarah was around me, immediately crossed my mind. Did she know anything? If she did, how could she? I quickly came to the conclusion not to mention it, unless of course I once again got the third degree.
‘Point taken Davila’ I answered ‘so tell me then, what the hell did I see?’
‘Before we go any further with this, I think it’s time for a hot drink. How about you two?’ She asked getting out of her chair.
I knew the routine now. We sat down, got rather cold and then warmed ourselves with some pretty horrible coffee from the drinks machine.
‘It’s not only you Martin that would like to know what you saw or experienced with the shadowy person,’ said Alistair, whilst cupping his hands around his steaming coffee. ‘You see the truth of it is, we genuinely do not know. We never really paid much credence to what the poor construction guy said about his sighting. In fact we did consider that he may just be a little daft. However, that said, we did keep quiet about what had happened, due to the nature of what we are doing in the complex.’
‘As you can imagine Martin, our views were dramatically changed when the same thing happened to Sarah,’ stated Davila.
‘Did Sarah know about the first sighting?’ I wanted to know.
I noticed that both Davila and Alistair exchanged glances before Davila answered, ‘No, and she still does not know as it’s a classified matter. Which is why, with two identical sightings – as well as yours, we know for a fact that there is some sort of a presence, or whatever you want to call it.’
‘Tell me Alistair, this shadowy person…is it one of your dimension travellers here in the complex doing some sort of a scouting mission…you know, giving it the once over before you try to do the same tomorrow?’ I finished my question with a bit of a smirk.
Alistair responded with a bit of a chuckle and a big smile before saying, ‘Actually, that’s a very intelligent question Martin and one that deserves an answer…of sorts. It’s like I said to you earlier, we really do not know, we can only surmise. Is it a dimension traveller? Well it may be, but then if it is, why did it appear during the construction of the chamber before the MDT was even finished and switched on?
‘The only thing we can say with any certainty is that we have never been able to detect anything on any of our equipment, and it goes without saying that we do have a lot of expensive high-tech monitoring stuff in here. The only other certainty is that including you, three people have seen it, whatever it is.’
‘If you both then accept that this shadowy person is real, how do you know that it is not in any way malevolent? And if it is, will it try to do something when I am supposed to be travelling through into the other dimensions?’ I asked looking at them both.
‘Before answering you, let’s go back to our seats,’ responded Davila moving back to the table. Once we were all seated Davila now continued, ‘If its absolute certainties that you are looking for, then we have none to give, none at all, but then you probably knew that already. 
‘We have, however, done a lot of analysis on this subject, and we do not consider that this figure will in any way be a problem. So, as far as we are concerned - it’s business as usual. What about you Martin, you saw this figure, it’s obviously been playing on your mind, so what do you think about all of this?’
I could see that Davila was beginning to look about as relaxed as she was yesterday, and now she had very deliberately put the ball back into my court. Now it was me that had to give her an answer.
‘Well I can tell you both that whatever I saw in the chamber, whilst it did give me a bit of a start, it did not really spook me, but of course I did naturally wonder what I had seen, and yes to answer your question, it has been playing on my mind. Now that you’ve told me that other people have seen it…it kind of changes things a little. On the one hand, it’s good to be reassured that I am not going mad and seeing strange things here and there. Then of course on the other hand, I now know that it is real and in a way that makes it all a little more…uncertain, or scary. You know what I mean I’m sure.’
‘Of course we do, we take these sightings very seriously and we will continue to monitor the ongoing situation right up until the first run is due to begin. Now, how about you tell us both exactly what you saw and felt with the shadowy person in the chamber and please, be as specific as you can, leaving out absolutely nothing’ responded Davila.
I proceeded to tell them everything that had happened in as much detail that I could remember. I also went on to explain how I had felt afterwards as well as assuring them both that in spite of my wonder, it really did not bother me that much. They never once interrupted me or cross-examined anything that I said, which did rather surprise me, and they both looked completely relaxed and laid back throughout.
‘So, the figure you saw, whoever he, she, or it is, is the very same as seen by Sarah and the construction guy’ responded Alistair. ‘It’s all very interesting, but we really are no further forward. However, as Davila has already stated, as far as we are concerned, its business as usual for tomorrow. The test run with the dream sequence went as expected…so what about it Martin…are you up for it tomorrow?’
I could sense that Davila and Alistair were now looking for some sort of a commitment from me, as they both now waited for my response. The thought that I could tell them outright that I was now off home, and thanks for the experience did rather amuse me - ever so slightly.
‘Let’s understand each other, right now you are not really interested with what has happened to me so far here in the complex, or indeed what I think about all this. In fact, the only thing that you want to hear from me is a firm yes, I will do the run tomorrow. Am I right?’
Davila sat there rigid, completely expressionless; I could see that she wanted to say nothing more. She now waited for me to continue. However, it was Alistair that responded in his booming voice, ‘Of course we do man! You don’t think we invited you into the complex for conversation and cheap coffee do you? No, you are right here, right now, so that you can do the first run with us tomorrow. Now, I know you Martin, know you well, so don’t try to even begin to think that you’re not going to do it. You are going to say yes!’ He finished talking by giving me the firmest thump on the back that I had had in a long time.
Alistair was right, he knew me only too well. He knew that curiosity would get the better of me, even if it did end up by killing somebody’s cat! There was only one thing that I could do. ‘Yes you bastard! You knew all along that I would agree to do the run, didn’t you?’ I replied, looking at them both. I could feel myself smiling, but I was not really sure why, as my head was still full of too many uncertainties.
For the first time since I had entered the meeting room I could see that Davila was now completely relaxed, as her wide smile returned. It was clear to me now that she was genuinely worried that I might indeed call it a day. She clearly did not know me as Alistair did.
She closed up her notes on the table before saying, ‘There’s not really anything else we can say to you about tomorrow, except to say that I am very glad that you are going to be part of this very special team. I know that on one level you must understandably be a little apprehensive about it all, we can all understand that. All I will say to you is that you are in the hands of some the finest scientists around who will do everything possible to make this a success. This project has been in the making for seven long hard years and foolproof failsafe mechanisms have been built in at every level. You should also remember that unless we are one hundred per cent happy with absolutely everything prior to the first run, then it will not happen. It’s as simple as that. Do you have any last questions, anything at all?’
I shook my head and smiled before saying in a loud voice ‘No more questions, no more facts and figures. Let’s just do it!’
I knew what I had done. I had to say that I was now resolutely committed to the project – not just to them, but also to myself. I needed to make certain to myself that I would not change my mind, no matter what. I had done so, as openly as I could - agreeing and to commit myself to this unbelievable adventure.
The next morning I met up with Alistair for breakfast in the near deserted canteen. As we ate, he explained that I would have the whole morning to myself in my room, have lunch and then all going well, I was to do the first run in the afternoon.
Alistair returned me to my room and as we parted he boomed, ‘Now don’t forget Martin,’ his arms waving frantically in front of him, ‘you absolutely cannot be late for the first run this afternoon, it’s scheduled for 14:30. As you well know, this is what some of us have been working towards for seven years.’ With that he was gone.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

So here I now lay, slightly reclined in the dentist’s chair, supposedly all relaxed and ready for everybody’s big moment. This whole situation seemed to me to be just so fantastic: I had to keep reminding myself that this was all happening for real. I had been at home less than three days ago and here I was, about to have my thought patterns transmitted into some other dimension to meet one of my other selves. Apart from what I was about to do, I was also constantly thinking about that shadowy figure. Even though I would not be returning to the MDT chamber, would I see it again – whatever it was? And what of Sarah? It was all so surreal and bewildering.
Davila had again reminded me that once my thought wave patterns had been locked onto by the TST, the MDT would then start its transmission into the other dimensions.  If it all went as planned, the monitors would then indicate if and when my mind had locked onto another Martin. Once this second lock had been established, the MDT would continue to transmit for exactly one minute and would then cease. As I would probably be asleep for no longer than twelve minutes, the main concern for everybody was would they be able to establish a lock onto ‘another’ Martin in such a short space of time? If not, they would then have no choice but to wait for at least four days to try it again, as that was the time that it took for the MDT to power down and then to power up again.
It was also my assumption that it must cost an absolute fortune each time they powered up the MDT. The more I thought about the cost and the enormity of it all, the more I wondered who the project’s mysterious backers were, as well trying to determine what their motives were.
I had asked for guidance on what I was supposed to say or do to once I had successfully made contact with another Martin. Was I supposed to say something like ‘Hi, we come in peace. We are from another dimension and mean you no harm. Take me to your leader!’ My suggestion was firmly frowned upon by Davila who was not in a cheery relaxed mood. However, she was unable to give me any guidance whatsoever, as this was well and truly into the unknown. Instead, she trusted me to use my own judgement and to think on my feet.
Apart from Davila, also bustling about me looking and acting very business-like, were Paul and Alistair. I also had Sarah for company as she attached the various leads to me. There in her hand was the syringe, ready to put me to sleep.
Alistair came and stood beside me, ‘This is it Martin. We are all ready - and ready to go. Everything checks out just fine. There is no need for me to try to say anything significant to you, apart from good luck and try to enjoy it – as I’m sure you will. Are you ready?’
I could feel a slight knot in my stomach. I was not sure if I was feeling nervous or just getting too excited by it all. Probably both. So this was it: it was going to happen. ‘I’m as ready as I’ll ever be. Like I said yesterday, let’s just do it!’
‘Good man,’ he replied as he turned and nodded to the syringe wielding Sarah. Just as yesterday, she came forward and injected my arm.
She again flashed me her provocative smile before saying, ‘Now don’t forget Martin, it’s going to be a wild ride.’ She winked at me before adding, ‘I’ll see you in ten to fifteen minutes – enjoy the ride!’ 
From where I lay I could just see the Central Hub out of the corner of my eye and I noticed that for the first time all of its monitors were alive with flashing lights. Standing directly beside me, monitoring the panels above my head, was Sarah.
With the hum of all of the equipment and with the murmur of voices around, I could now feel myself suddenly feeling very tired. Unable to do anything else, I slowly closed my eyes.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

Chapter Six

Present Day

‘Martin? Are you with us yet? Martin, try to open your eyes’ I gradually became aware of a young girl’s voice next to me. Was I still dreaming?
With my eyes closed I desperately attempted to get my bearings. I can remember that I had been thinking about the Lotus when I had fallen asleep in the sun. Bloody hell, I hope I hadn’t been asleep for too long; I certainly didn’t want to get sunburnt. I could feel that the sun was still shining brightly above me, but whose voice was it that had just woken me? I put my hand up to shield my eyes from the glaring light as I now began to open them. My sunglasses - where were they? They must have fallen off as I slept. As my eyes gradually opened, I now became aware of some very strange noises from all around me. The noises, yes they were rather strange, but I had definitely heard them somewhere before, but where?
‘Martin, are you okay?’ it was that girl’s voice again. I now had my eyes fully open. What the hell? I was not in my garden, I was in the lab, but this is the place that I can now remember from that weird and vivid dream that I had the other night. Was I still asleep? Was I now living my own dream? This was very confusing and very scary. Something was wrong, very wrong. How could I be here?
‘Martin, I’m over here’ again came her voice. I turned to my right and there she was. My head was still very confused; the moment I saw her I knew immediately that we really did know each other and that everything around me was indeed familiar. Now it all started to come back.
‘Sarah?’ I asked still blinking my eyes.
She came over to me and said in a quiet voice into my ear ‘What do you mean, ‘Sarah?’ You must have had one hell of a wild ride if you didn’t recognise me just there. Nobody forgets me Martin, nobody. I always do like to make sure of that!’ She then stood back and winked at me before continuing, ‘So tell me, how do you feel?’
I was now very quickly coming to terms with my waking environment. I had only been awake for three or four minutes and yet I was now fully aware of where I really was. My mind was still a little confused and my body felt pretty stiff from my deep sleep. I was no longer in my garden at all. I was back in the lab; it was not bright sunlight that was above my head: it was bright lights shining down upon me to help me wake from my deep sleep. I also realised that it was the hum of all of the various bits of equipment in the lab that was responsible for the strange noises that I could now hear. Had I been dreaming, or did I really go through into another dimension? I really did not know. Bloody hell, I really felt very weird now, and Sarah would like to know how I feel?
‘You want to know how I feel Sarah? The truth is I honestly don’t know how I feel.’ As I finished answering I could see another person coming towards me. It was Alistair.
‘Well Martin, as far as we could tell it all went as we envisaged at this end, so what about you? How did it all go?’ he asked me in a very matter of fact way.
‘Alistair, I have been gone for…gone for a bloody day and half. I was told that the whole thing would be for one minute exactly, so what the hell is going on here?’
‘Martin, if you remember from when you went through the dream sequence yesterday, your mind for some reason gives you the illusion that you have been gone longer than you have in reality. It’s just the way that your mind interprets it all. I can assure you that you were connected for one minute and no longer.’
‘Yesterday I was a very different Martin and I was talking to Caroline, who just so happens to be my wife! I tell you Alistair, I have been gone a day and a half, and I can remember all of it, everything in exact detail, all of it. So don’t even try to tell me that I have been ‘connected’ for only a minute.’
I could see that both Alistair and Sarah were exchanging questioning glances at each other. They both turned as Davila now stepped forward.
‘Martin you clearly have had a very intense experience, and you must have a lot to tell us. I can also tell that you are after a lot of answers from us. That’s very understandable. With that in mind, I think it best if you get yourself fully awake first, and we can then all sit down and talk this through in the meeting room. That means all of us,’ she said addressing everyone around my chair. She looked at her watch and then added, ‘It’s nearly three. Tell you what, everybody here can get ready to prepare for me an in-depth summary of all of the data relating to the run, and we will then meet at 16:30. That will give you all about an hour and a half. Everyone okay with that?’
Davila’s question was really another one of her orders and everybody agreed. For a few moments Paul, who was standing right beside Davila, had started to say that he was not sure that he would have time to collate all of the necessary data, when he noticed the glare from Davila direction and he quickly fell into line.
‘Good, it’s agreed then, 16:30,’ stated Davila and then she spoke to me once again. ‘Martin, you will feel a lot better if you unwind in your own room before the meeting. Get yourself a drink, maybe have a shower, you know, to get yourself awake. I’ll get someone to take you to your room.’
For the first time since she had come into my view I noticed that Davila now had a small smile as she now addressed everybody. ‘I know that we still have yet to analyse all of the data and we also need to sit down with Martin, but at first sight it all seems to have gone to plan. So, congratulations everybody, well done…and that includes you, Martin, and I really do mean that. Right, see you all in an hour and a half.’ She turned and purposefully left the lab.
Sarah came over to me and removed all the leads from my body and then she began to help me out of the chair. As she did so, I once again had this very strange and powerful sensation that we somehow knew each other very well, almost as if there were some sort of a connection between us. However this time it was, without doubt, much more surreal than it had been before. I now remembered how confused I had been when I was the other Martin, and how I had all these new memories that continually kept coming into my head that at the time I simply could not understand. Well, this sensation with Sarah, it was identical, and had exactly the same effect on me. So if I was indeed now back in the real world, just how could I have a memory of someone that I had never met before, or, for that matter, how could I even be sure that this was the real world and simply not a dream? I now felt even more confused and bewildered, just as Caroline had felt. Caroline? My wife…would I ever see her again? I could feel an odd wave of emotion come over me, but in truth, I really did not know how to interpret it. I knew that she was not my wife, or at least I was pretty sure that she wasn’t. So what was it that I was now feeling?
 I remembered to get out of the chair slowly and once again as I put my weight onto my feet I felt very unsteady. In spite of the fact that I still felt confused and slightly groggy from my deep sleep, I was instantly aware of the serious demeanour of everyone around me, as they were all now desperately gathering the data together demanded by Davila.
Alistair explained that as they would all be too busy preparing for the debriefing, Davila had arranged for one of the military personnel to escort me back to my room. As he finished speaking, the same sergeant that had let us into the chamber a few days ago marched firmly into the lab and towards me…no wait a minute, I just realised that it was not a few days ago as I had thought just now…when the hell was it? Damn, this was confusing, I was definitely losing track of time. It could have only been yesterday, that is if they were actually telling me the truth. I now realised that I did not trust any of them anymore, and I was feeling a little paranoid about the whole thing. The complex, the machines, Sarah, Davila…even Alistair. Bloody hell, just what had I got myself into?
Apart from briefly stopping off at one of the drinks machines for a coffee in the corridor, the sergeant and I walked in complete silence to my room. I remembered from our previous encounter that she was very short on conversation and certainly did not understand any humour. I knew that I certainly had lost all my sense of humour, and she was the last person that I wanted to talk to just now. Before leaving me she informed me that she would collect me at 16:25 to take me to the meeting room.
That would give me just over an hour to gather my thoughts, and to possibly have a quick shower. As soon as the door to my room closed I made straight for my bed and lay down. I felt so tired and confused. I closed my eyes and immediately felt myself dozing off. No, I did not want to fall asleep, not again. If I fell asleep now, just where would I wake up next? For a few moments I could feel my heart start pounding as I began to get myself into a real panic. However being so tired, my self induced worried state did not last for very long as I was unable to keep myself awake any longer.
I awoke with a start and immediately sat myself up in bed. I rubbed my eyes and looked around to see where I was this time. I was still in my room in the complex, thank God for that. I glanced at my watch. It was a quarter past four, shit – I only had ten minutes before the sergeant came to collect me. I dashed into the shower and had the quickest shower that I’ve had in a long time. I had only just finished dressing and was in the process of putting on my shoes when the sergeant arrived. That was cutting it a bit fine, nevertheless, at least I now felt fully awake and a lot less paranoid after my unplanned sleep. I now looked forward with some confidence to getting some answers from the meeting.
The sergeant then escorted me through the tunnels and we only parted company after I was actually in the lift, which I knew would deliver me directly into the meeting room. With my hair still wet from my recent shower, the doors of the lift opened and I stepped into the meeting room. Already seated and waiting for me were Davila, Sarah, Paul and Alistair. My immediate reaction was that I was late, but after quickly glancing at my watch I realised that I was in fact on time, they were just early.
As always, it was Davila who got out of her chair to come over and greet me, before showing me to my chair at the table. I was seated next to Paul on my right; with Sarah directly in front me. Sitting next to Sarah was Alistair, and between both Paul and Alistair was Davila, effectively head of the table, which I thought very appropriate. I noticed that everyone, including Davila, had clipboards and various notes in front of them. I knew straight away that this meeting was going to be a lot more serious and in-depth than my earlier ones had been.
With the pleasantries out of the way Davila proceeded to tell everybody how the meeting would run. She wanted Sarah, Paul, and Alistair to give just a brief summary of exactly what had happened before, during, and after the run, as well explaining anything when asked or questioned by anybody else. They were however to talk for no more that ten minutes, and to just try to keep it simple. Should they want to discuss anything in greater detail, then that would be for the follow up meeting scheduled for tomorrow morning. After they had all done their little talk, Davila herself would then give a brief summary, followed by a detailed breakdown from me. She also added that due to the terrible cold in here, they would have regular drinks breaks throughout the meeting.
That was my cue. ‘Davila, before we do start the meeting in earnest, would you mind if I grabbed a coffee just now? It’s not that I’m cold, well not yet anyway, it’s just that I’m really thirsty.’ With Davila currently in her authoritarian mode, I did wonder how my out of place request would go down. However, I didn’t really care, because I was, for some reason, exceptionally thirsty.
‘Not at all Martin, good idea. Does anybody else want a drink before we start? I know that I certainly do.’ As Davila finished talking she was already getting up and making her way towards the dreaded drinks machine.
Everybody else followed her, and one by one we grabbed a drink, before taking them back to our seats. Once we were all seated, Alistair suggested that it would be best if he spoke first. With Davila’s agreement Alistair now started.
From the very moment that Alistair started to speak, I had absolutely no idea of what he was talking about. For the first four or five minutes I really did try hard to understand what was being said. Even when he was questioned by the others, I still understood nothing – his explanations were incomprehensible to me. I knew before he had started to talk that I probably would not follow everything, but I did expect to have some understanding of some of the things that he would say. For all I knew he could have been talking complete and utter rubbish and I would have been none the wiser. As his talk went on, I gradually started to switch off, I simply could not keep my concentration and my mind began to go off in different directions. Fortunately, just as I was beginning to lose my concentration completely, Alistair finished talking - thank goodness! I just hoped that his little talk was to be the most boring of them all, and that from now on it would begin to get a little easier.
It was Paul who was to talk next, but before he did, Davila said ‘Martin, I am going to have to ask for your patience here as I am sure that most of this will be over your head and completely meaningless. However, I wanted you here as you are part of this, and this is all very important.’
‘Davila, I have not understood one word of what Alistair has said just now. I found him to be about as coherent as when he’s had a few beers down at our local!’ I said smirking directly at Alistair.
Everybody round the table, laughed briefly before Davila responded ‘If it’s any consolation to you, I too have been very worried about Alistair making much sense for quite a while as well, but we really must move on.’
I found myself only able to concentrate for about a minute once Paul had begun his little talk. It was just the same with Sarah. As with Alistair before, I found it completely impossible to make any sense of what was being said. Unable to follow events, my mind very quickly began to wander and to speculate.
 I was now sure that I was indeed back in what I now called ‘the real world.’ I must have been because I could clearly remember all of my life and it all fitted together logically. As for what had happened when I became the other Martin, well that was definitely still to be answered. I can clearly remember my day and a half as somebody else; I knew that much to be true. However, if I had been connected for only one minute, how could I experience a different dimension over a different time period? That did not make any sense to me. I could not see why everybody connected with the project would lie to me about how long I was asleep, as I would find out immediately when I left the complex to go home.
 Of course, they could have been lying to me all along about travelling to other dimensions. As far as I was concerned what I had just experienced could have been nothing more than a dream sequence implanted into my mind. After all, they did do something similar before, so how would I ever know the difference?
There was also something else that I found very disturbing. If, as they say, I really did travel into another dimension and I had genuinely connected with another Martin, just what damage had we done to him, this other Martin? He was pretty much living a normal life by anybody’s standards. It was apparent now that all of his unknown flashes of memory were actually my memories. When he first awoke and didn’t recognise Caroline that was because for those first few minutes, it was actually me and not him that was consciously aware. However, in little over twenty-four hours he has now lost all of his self-confidence, displayed complete irrational behaviour to the point where he frightened his own wife, questioned his own sanity, and appeared to be suffering from some form of split personality, or even schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia? That got me thinking, I genuinely didn’t know anything about this condition at all. However, the thought now crossed my mind that maybe people that suffered from this, were somehow getting visits from…themselves? That would make sense, or at least it certainly would for my Martin. I chuckled to myself; my mind really was doing the rounds. I was beginning to imagine how other people, unconnected to the project, would react if I started to explain my experiences to them once I got out of the complex and was finally home. I had no doubt at all that they would consider me completely eccentric, or more probably even worse!
I realised that it had become very quiet around me once again. Sarah had stopped talking, at last! I hoped that she had not been saying anything unpleasant about me, as I really would be none the wiser since with all my daydreaming - I simply hadn’t heard one word! It was now the turn of Davila to talk. However, before proceeding any further we all agreed to have a quick break.
Unlike our earlier meetings, there was no small talk at all when we were stretching our legs and having our drinks. Everybody was very straight faced. This meeting was very serious and business like. It was just a shame that I had no idea of what was going on! We all returned to our seats and waited for Davila to sum up todays events. I decided that I really must at least try to concentrate on what was being said, especially as I was supposed to have my say immediately afterwards.
Davila probably spoke for around fifteen minutes during her brief summary. Apart from a few nice words that congratulated the team for their hard work and diligence over the last few years and how much of a success it had all been, I once again did not have a clue about anything that she had said.
I had sat in this damn freezing cold room for about an hour now, and I had not understood a bloody thing. I again felt like a fish out of water as I had done when I first arrived in the complex, not understanding anything and feeling completely helpless. I had to confess to myself that I found the whole experience very frustrating and bewildering, my only consolation was that at least their little speeches had now come to an end.
‘And now we come to you Martin. God, you must have really suffered sitting through all of that, but at least you kept awake that’s the main thing. How are you doing?’ enquired Davila.
‘I’m fine, just fine. If truth be told though, I have not understood anything that has been said by anybody at all.’
I could see that Davila was now looking quite relaxed: she was clearly pleased with today’s events. ‘Martin, I know you must be full of questions, and we will try our level best to answer all of them for you. However, before we do get bogged down with too many questions, I would very much appreciate it, if you can tell us in exact detail, without interruption, your whole experience. When I say whole experience, I mean from the moment Sarah gave you the sedative, right up to the time that you finally opened your eyes again. By doing so, we can then add your experience to what we already know from our data. If you remember, your description will be the only knowledge that we will have of where you went and what you experienced, so please do not leave anything out at all, no matter how insignificant you may think it is. Is that okay with you?’
‘Right, just so that I’m clear on this Davila, you want me to tell you exactly what I experienced, and I guess that you will be taking notes because as I have already said, I have got nearly a day and a half to get through’ I answered.
‘You got it. If you have got a day and a half to tell us about, then we want to know all about it. Not only will we be taking notes, but we will also be recording everything on video - unless that is, you have any objections?’
I shook my head before saying, ‘That’s all right by me. You said you wanted me to talk without interruption. Does that mean that you don’t want to ask any questions as I’m going along?’
‘Just as you have a lot of questions for us Martin, I’m more than certain that we will have questions for you as well. However, just tell us about your experience first, and then we can then move things on. Everybody okay with that?’ asked Davila looking around the table.
We all agreed and then Paul very quickly set up the video camera that was now directed at me over Sarah’s shoulder. Before we started we once again had yet another round of hot drinks. With the camera now all set, and everybody’s pens and clipboards at the ready, I was finally able to begin.
I really did not know how long I had been talking before I finally finished, but it must have been for nearly two hours as it was just about seven o’clock now. The moment that I began to retell my experience, I could immediately tell that they were all completely fascinated by what they heard, whilst at the same time they were all feverishly taking down notes. I noticed that Sarah alone easily went through about half a dozen sheets of paper. I did wonder why she wrote so much as this was all being captured on video. From time to time some or all of them would exchange quizzical and questioning glances at each other, clearly very surprised by what I was saying. When I finally finished talking, there was a long and eerie silence in the room.
After what seemed like an absolute age Sarah then exclaimed, ‘Wow and wow! No bloody wonder you were weird and lost when you first woke up.’
‘Martin you lucky old bastard! What an adventure you’ve had!’ boomed Alistair with a laugh. He was out of his chair now and came round behind me. He was clearly now in cheerful form as I got an especially hard whack on my back. He then put his hand out to me and we firmly shook hands. ‘So you old rascal, you did travel into another dimension. You really did do it! You don’t know how happy you have just made me.’ He returned to his seat shaking his head slightly still chuckling to himself.
It was Davila who now spoke, ‘That is one hell of a story, and I’m sure that I speak for everyone here when I say that…that I really don’t know what to make of it all, or to know where to begin. It just seems so fantastic. I know that we still have to piece this altogether, but on the face of it, we did manage to connect to another dimension and ultimately, that’s what we set out to do, and that’s what we’ve done! You succeeded Martin, we all did. What we all deserve now is a glass of champagne to toast our amazing achievement. Unfortunately, as you all know alcohol is forbidden in the complex, so I’m afraid it’s the…coffee!’ Davila now stood up, stretched, and then added ‘My goodness - it really has got so cold in here, I never realised that the time had gone so quickly. Tell you what, let’s have our last hot drink of the night, and then we will let Martin ask his questions. We need to finish up by eight if we want to get fed in the canteen.’
She was right: I too had not noticed the time go by and it was only now that I realised just how cold it really was. I was pacing around, cupping my hot coffee when I decided to put my first question to Alistair. ‘Okay clever clogs, if we can accept as fact that I did actually travel to another dimension, then tell me how I had a day and a half somewhere else, for only a minute here? Because it certainly does not seem to make any sense to me.’
Alistair looked directly at me, sighed and then slowly answered ‘This is a very important issue, so for the record, lets all sit back down at the table so that we can continue with the video recoding.’
Once we were all again seated Alistair continued. ‘For the record Martin has asked for an explanation for the differences in time experienced between the two dimensions. How can we explain it? Martin I honestly do not have an answer for you. You stated that it did not make any sense to you, well it doesn’t to me either.’ He looked around the table and then asked everybody, ‘Well you have all listened to what Martin has said, can any of you begin to speculate why the time lapses should be so different?’
Everyone shook their heads except for Sarah who answered very slowly and deliberately. ‘Alistair, I know that I touched on this subject briefly when I first started to work on the project and you pretty much dismissed my idea. Since then, none of us have been able to look into it any further with the limited time that we had, but if you recall, I did suggest that when the MDT had made the connection between two different dimensions, it could in fact be actually warping space. Now clearly I can only speculate and make assumptions, but if space was indeed warped, then it would logically follow that time itself would be warped, creating one time line that was very different to where you started from.’
Once Sarah had finished her rather interesting theory there was silence in the room for a few moments. I could see that everybody around the table was now mulling over what had been said.
Alistair who had been drumming his fingers on the table then responded, ‘Yes I do remember your suggestion when you first arrived Sarah and no, I did not dismiss your idea, but I do confess that I think it unlikely. I am still not convinced that the MDT did warp space, but nevertheless, we do have to consider all possibilities. Of course if for a moment we assume that space was indeed warped, then it opens up another interesting question.’ Alistair paused as we all looked intently at him, waiting for what he was going to say.
‘Martin, when you went to sleep in the lab it was Friday afternoon and when you woke up as the other Martin on the same day, it was still Friday. That is what we expected, so far so good, but you came back to us on the same day, when in the other world it was now Saturday. I’m sure you can all see where this is going. If Martin then repeated the run just now, he should arrive in the other dimension at about the same point as when he leaves here, in other words Friday. If he arrived back in exactly the same other dimension, would he arrive on Friday again, or would it now be Saturday, which of course should be impossible?’
For once I was mostly following what they were all discussing and I was absolutely fascinated by all their various theories, and I could not wait to see where it would now go.
It was Paul who now spoke, ‘There is also another piece to this jigsaw, which as far as I can see only adds to the confusion. Martin only became conscious in another dimension as he was waking from an already sleeping ‘other Martin.’ He then had another night’s sleep, so we know that by falling asleep in another dimension does not necessary mean that you automatically return to your own dimension. Martin then did return to our dimension when he fell asleep the next morning. So, does that mean that he returned to us because his minute was up and the MDT ceased it’s transmitting, or did he return because he fell asleep?’
Again there was silence in the room for a moment or two as everybody was now carefully considering the new ideas.
I decided to now ask, ‘this may sound like a daft question, but your answer will help me to understand some of this. Let’s assume that I had stayed a little longer in the other dimension and I watched the lottery on the television, and then memorised the winning numbers. I would then return here a day or two before our own lottery; would my memorised numbers strike it lucky for me?’
They all looked at me with slightly amused faces, it was now Davila that answered me with a bit of a smirk, ‘Tell you what; let’s get Martin back to the other dimension right this minute. We could all earn ourselves an incredible fortune!’ She paused for a moment before adding ‘I do like you Martin, I really do! It’s certainly a good question - does anyone here have a sensible answer to this?’
It was Sarah that responded immediately ‘If we assume space was warped then theoretically it should indeed be possible to do what Martin has just suggested, that much is true. Unfortunately, it would be a virtual impossibility for us to be able to place somebody into another dimension that is as near as identical to our own to be able to achieve the same result on the lottery.’ She paused and then looked directly at me before saying ‘You see Martin, the other dimension you visited, it was in fact very different from our own. Your other life was completely different, for example, you were married, you had different friends, you even said yourself that world events in the newspaper were different; therefore the lottery itself would not be same as ours. So, no fortune to be had I’m afraid!’
‘Now, important as it is trying to work out how to win it big on the lottery, our time is up for just now if we want to get off to the canteen before they stop serving the food. I for one certainly need some hot food. If nothing else, I can at last get myself defrosted! We clearly still have a great deal to go over, so may I suggest we continue our discussion once we have finished eating in the canteen. Is everyone okay with that idea?’ Davila asked.
We agreed and Sarah who was clearly getting into all of this replied ‘Yeah, you bet. I could stay up all night discussing this!’
Making our way to the canteen we decided that we would eat first, and only after we had actually finished eating would we then start our discussion once again. It was good to get out of the meeting room, it really had been cold. With dinner out of the way, like everybody else, I had pretty much warmed up again and was now ready to thrash out some answers to the first run.
 Davila now said, ‘I’m sure that you have all thinking things through whilst you were eating. Now interesting as this has all been, I fear that we have been straying from what we have set out to do.’ Davila paused and looked at us all. Having got our attention she now continued, ‘The main reason for Martin travelling into another dimension was to make contact. Yes, we were successful with actually connecting the two different dimensions, but were we really able to make contact? I would say that the answer is a firm no. As Martin has already pointed out to us, all we have done is to leave behind a very confused other Martin. I would like to remind you all that the last thing that this project wants to do is to interfere in anyway with somebody else’s life, and unfortunately it would seem that that is exactly what we have done. I have to tell you all, that this does concern me a great deal. I would like to think that we are able to ensure that we do not have a repetition of this unfortunate incident, should we attempt to do the same thing again.’
Davila paused and took a sip of water before continuing, ‘In fact, I am so disturbed by what has happened that I am of the mind to not sanction any further experiments until all of you can assure me that we do not leave behind some other poor confused soul. There is of course the small matter of the other confused Martin, isn’t there?’ As she finished talking she fixed me with her stare.
There were a few moments of silence before she continued, ‘Martin, I’m sure that you feel pretty much okay now, would I be right?’
‘I feel okay, yes’ I replied.
‘But you must have been very confused for a while with the experience that you have had. You do know what I’m getting at don’t you?’
As I had been listening to Davila over the last few minutes, it was now very clear why she was in charge of running the project. She had remained completely focused and had remained very objective throughout, unlike everyone else, including Alistair, who had all immersed themselves completely in my story. She was also astute enough to realise that I had been genuinely distressed by it all.
‘Well yes, as I made clear to you earlier, I was pretty much disturbed by what I experienced, to the point where I was a little paranoid about all of this, and beginning to mistrust you all. In fact the whole thing has been so mind-blowing and fantastic, that I still consider it very possible that I did not actually travel into another dimension at all.’ As I paused I could see everybody’s questioning looks. ‘Okay then, if any one of you was in my position, how could you convince yourself that it was in fact the MDT that had connected yourself to another dimension, and was not simply a pre-constructed dream sequence that was deliberately placed into your mind? Could you tell the difference? How would you tell the difference? Can any of you convince me that what I experienced was, really real…can you?’
 Once again silence descended over everybody for a few moments. It was Alistair that now responded, ‘You know, Martin does have a very good point here. I mean let’s face it, the films that we have used for the dream sequence runs have all been relatively short and cheap, and were done very tongue in cheek - a bit of fun really. However, it is entirely conceivable that if a lot of money and special effects were employed, how would you know the difference? I know we have all touched on this before, but just how do we convince Martin that it was not our project team that deceived him? It’s a good question, and one that I’m not sure that we can really prove to Martin.
‘However, if we did not send you into another dimension Martin as we have claimed, why then would we go to such lengths and deception to play a dream sequence to you whilst you are sleeping and then send you home? Surely, that would make even less sense?’
‘Alistair, none of this really makes a lot of sense, not to me anyway. However, now that a few hours have passed since I have done the run, I definitely feel a lot less paranoid than I was earlier. Nevertheless, the memories that I have from the other Martin, they will always be with me. It’s kind of a strange thing really, and I find it very difficult trying to come to terms with my own emotions, let alone trying to put it over to you all. However if truth be told, I am very glad that I have been on that ‘little trip.’ I wouldn’t have missed it for the world.’
‘Martin,’ interjected Davila, ‘both Alistair and I promised you an adventure, it would seem that you undoubtedly had that, and one hell of a one too! Now that a little time has passed since doing the run you are actually saying that you are glad that you’ve done it, well then, I think that now would be a very good time to draw things to a close for today. It is now coming up for ten, and I’m sure we could all do with a well-deserved rest.’
I was glad that Davila was now bringing things to an end as I certainly could do with that promised rest. However, other than a lot of speculation generated from our lengthy discussion, I was really none the wiser. My questions and uncertainties had not in any way been cleared up. My only consolation was that everybody did appear to be genuine when discussing the strange phenomenon of the time differences between the two dimensions, which on the face of it, could only mean that all of what seemed to have happened to me, did indeed take place.
Davila looked at all of us and said, ‘You’ve all done a really good job, so well done to all of you. However, as you are all very keenly aware, we do need to discuss this all in far more detail tomorrow as we have now ended up with far more questions than we anticipated.’ She turned and addressed Paul and Sarah. ‘I’m going to talk with Martin for a couple more minutes so I will say good evening, and I’ll see you both at the meeting at 09:00.’
After Paul and Sarah had left she said, ‘Well, your time with us is for now at an end. As you already know, none of us had any real idea of what would happen on the first run, or as Alistair has liked to call it, our ‘maiden voyage.’ There is now an enormous amount of work and analysis from the first run that we all now need to get on with.
You of course, will be returning home tomorrow morning. I would like to think that we will do a second run, after all, that is why we are all here, but as I made clear earlier, I will only sanction it if we can make some changes as well as having a reasonable understanding of how the first run really did go. So, assuming that we do go for a second run, will you be our man Martin? Would you want to do it all again?’
 That was a very good question. I had to admit to myself that I had been so embroiled with everything connected with the first run that I had not given any real thought to the possibility of a second run. Would I do it again?
‘I’m not sure, that is the only truthful answer I can give to you at this time. As you can imagine I still feel a bit strange from what I’ve just done. I suppose deep down I would like to do it all again. I want to explore and find out more, that is who I am. Having said that, I really do need to clear my head so that I can think straight.’ I looked at them both, smiled and then added. ‘I think what I am trying to say is, that I would probably say yes, but I won’t make any promises at the moment.’
‘You get yourself off home and take it easy for the next few days, and all going well I’ll join you for a drink or two at our local, and then we can start to discuss things. How’s that sound?’ asked Alistair.

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

So taking Alistair’s advice, that’s just what I did. After an early breakfast with Alistair I began my journey home. Before we started our drive away from the complex I was again blindfolded. This time however, I did not see the fun in it at all. In fact, I thought the whole idea of being blindfolded just downright preposterous. However, I managed to console myself with the thought that I would soon be home, and hopefully back to some vestige of normality.
I was at long last allowed to remove my blindfold within about five miles of my house. I could feel the anticipation steadily building as we drew nearer, and there it was, my house. We had finally arrived. The driver opened the door for me, fetched my small suitcase, bid me farewell, and then he was gone.
As I was about to go through the gate there was a voice from behind me. I turned to find Mr Winterbourne from the house over the road. I didn’t know his first name: I suspected that I would have to live in the village for at least ten years before I would find that out.
‘Been somewhere nice have we then? He asked.
He had some bloody cheek! Since I had moved here he hadn’t even bothered to give me the time of day. All he was now doing was just being a nosy old git! Still, I suppose I had to try to be neighbourly to him. He wants to know where I’ve been? Now that’s a good one: how was I supposed to answer that? The thought crossed my mind that I should actually tell him the truth, with the result that he would think I was completely barmy, and then he would then never speak to me again. Now that did rather amuse me!
‘Good afternoon to you Mr Winterbourne, and how are you today? You’re looking very well.’ That should throw him, giving him a compliment like that!
I could see that he had not expected my remark as he paused before saying, ‘I’m very well. Just back from holiday are we?’
‘I’ve just been away for a couple of days visiting some friends Mr Winterbourne, that’s all, nothing too exciting I’m afraid.’
We said our goodbyes and I was finally inside my house and back to normality. I knew that I must be back in the real world, as once again I had my grumpy old neighbour – who, as it now turned out, was also a nosy neighbour - to spy and frown on me when I jogged past his house. Yes, it was without doubt, good to be back home.

Chapter Seven

Having got unpacked, I now freshened with a quick shower. I soon realised that I needed to get a few things from the local shop before I was able to settle down to enjoy what was left of the day.
I decided that I would walk to the shop as it was only about ten minutes away and, having spent so much time in the back of a car, I really could do with the exercise. As I began walking, I became aware that I still felt a little detached from everything. No, it wasn’t from ‘everything’ - it was this place. I somehow felt that I did not really belong. It was as if I had been away for weeks, if not months. It was all very strange. Still, I was sure that I would be just fine in a day or two once I had got back into my usual routine.
As I carried my shopping back home, an odd thought struck me. The last time I had walked into town was when I had been the other Martin. I could feel a shiver go through me; it was such an odd feeling. In fact, for just a moment there I was actually uncertain as to where I really was, and in fact did not recognise my own surroundings. It was as though I was in the wrong place. As I continued my walk home I desperately tried to remember where the other town was, I just could not recall its name. I then realised that I never did know its name at all as I never once saw it written anywhere, and it was never discussed at any point when I was the other Martin. The other town would have to remain a mystery. I was uncertain whether this was a good or a bad thing.
I spent the rest of the day reading and rounded off by watching some television. I found that it was really quite a pleasant way to finish the day. However, just as I was about to drop off to sleep, I began to wonder, would I wake up in yet another strange and unfamiliar place? I was too tired to care really, I just wanted to close my eyes and have a good nights sleep.
Waking to the sound of some distant farm machinery, I quickly opened my eyes and looked around the room. It was my own bedroom and I was still in Upper Monkham. What a relief! I looked at the time - it was half past nine. I must have slept for nearly nine hours.  I was clearly a lot more tired than I had realised.
I got myself breakfasted and went for a jog. I reckon that I must have run for about six miles, although it was just a bit of a shame that it was drizzling slightly. Never mind, if anything was going to clear my head a good run was sure to do it! As I showered, I started to think about the day ahead. I had not got anything at all planned for today. I did not fancy doing anything much outside in the wet outside, so what was I going to do? Then it came to me - I would spend some time tinkering with my cars - yes that’s what I would do. At least it would be nice and dry in the garage. 
With my overalls on, I made my way to the garage and now pulled up the large double door. There they were, my cars. Right in front of me was my pretty Lancia Monte Carlo. God, what a beautiful car, just a bit of a shame that it isn’t running at the moment. Should I or could I be bothered to work on this one today, or shall I just tinker with the Lotus? I moved to my left to give it a good look over, and there right at the front was the number plate, TOL 006. The moment I saw the number plate it immediately all came back to me, it was such a shock. It was like a slap in the face.
Once again I could feel a shiver going right through me. I could clearly recall frantically pointing at the picture in the magazine to a bewildered and frightened Caroline. Bloody Hell, what had I done? I was feeling so guilty about what had happened - the only thing I wanted to do was to explain and to apologise to her. If I was to meet her again, just what could I say to her? Anyway it was pretty much academic now, because how could I meet her again? I knew that to be impossible. The way I understood all of this was that should I agree to do the second run, then it would be virtually impossible to visit the same Martin, as they did not know where they sent me in the first place! The more I tried to reason it through, the more complicated it all became. I just had to face facts, what was done was done. I would never see Caroline ever again. I suppose on reflection that not to see her again could only be a good thing, for the both of us.
It’s a funny thing, I barely knew her during my visit and yet…I missed her in some way. I could not begin to understand why and after all, the last time I actually saw her, she had shouted at me and then stormed out of the house. An amusing thought crossed my mind, I have never been married and yet in another dimension I find myself married for a day and half, and in that short time I still managed to create utter chaos between us. Now I knew why I was still single!
My thoughts now returned to the car. As I looked at it, I could once again see it in the magazine. That had to be one of the strangest coincidences imaginable. In fact the more I thought about it, the more improbable it all seemed. Just what were the odds of going from one dimension to the other, buy one magazine specifically and when I open it, I find that it’s my car that’s actually in it? Surely the odds are astronomical? I could not begin to understand how it could have all come about. If I was now thinking about it, why then did nobody pick up on this strange fact in our meeting back at the complex? I really did not believe that they could have taken it all at face value, how could they?
I again started to feel a little paranoid. If they had not picked up on this bizarre but important fact, maybe it’s because they already knew about it, as it was they themselves that had created the dream sequence. But if indeed they had, for what purpose? The more I went down this avenue of thought, the more it seemed that I had been duped. They had already taken my photograph without my knowledge before I had even gone into the complex, so could they not have done the very same thing by photographing my car and then creating an article for me to then read as though it were real?
I stood back from the car and sighed. I had now got myself into a thoroughly confused state, and I was beginning to feel even more detached from the real world. I did not know what to believe any more, or who to trust for that matter. Did I even trust myself? I was not too sure on that one either.
This was not getting me anywhere at all. I realised that I desperately needed to do something that would get me thinking normally again. I made up my mind. I would change the brake discs of the Lancia, especially as I have had the parts for at least a month now. I knew that I could quite easily keep my mind from wandering simply by not having a lot of fun with rusty old bolts, ball joints, or worse!
So that’s how I spent the entire day - in my garage, only finishing past eight in the evening. Apart from a couple of cuts and some very sore fingers, I actually had a good day and was now ready to wind down for the evening. My earlier paranoia had left me and I felt pretty good.
I had just finished cleaning myself up, when the phone rang, it was Alistair. Our conversation was brief: he was just calling to find out if I was okay. He would be home on Wednesday and suggested that we meet up sometime on Thursday. I agreed and said that I would call him Thursday morning.
Now that I was sitting down for the first time today I realised that I was quite hungry, what was I to eat? I didn’t really fancy cooking. “I know” I thought, “I’ll order a Chinese takeaway, even though it’s not Friday”…what the hell was I thinking about? I don’t go in for Chinese food - I have never ordered Chinese before. Then I remembered - it was the other Martin, not me, that liked his Chinese food. He and Caroline would often get themselves a takeaway on a Friday.
Just who is it that is suffering from strange visions? Is it the other Martin, or is it really me? Maybe it’s both of us, or maybe we are one and the same. This was getting a little scary again.
I decided not to have any other complications tonight over my evening meal and warmed up a pizza in the microwave. Nice and simple - why couldn’t the rest of my life be as simple as this?
I sat down with my pizza and a beer. For a change, tonight was going to be satisfyingly healthy! With my meal out of the way, I decided to finish the evening with my book. I went in search of it. Just where had I put it? I picked up the book that was lying in the middle of the sofa. I looked at its cover ‘Ship in a Bottle’- no that’s not it, and I threw it back. So where had I put it then? I continued looking for about another minute and then remembered that, ‘Ship in a Bottle’ was in fact the book that I was looking for. What had I been thinking? I had been looking for the book ‘All That She Is?’ That’s very odd, I don’t recall reading that before…where on earth did I get that title from?
Puzzled, I took my book and opened it, and then it suddenly came back to me. ‘All That She Is?’ was the book that the other Martin was reading, not me. I now resigned myself to the unpalatable fact that the next few days were going to be very difficult, very difficult indeed. I never once imagined that I would end up suffering from some strange form of psychosis.
I put the book down beside me – there was no way that I would have been able to read in my current state of mind. I began to reason that if I could locate the town that I had visited as the other Martin, then the town itself must have some subtle differences to how I remembered it. It was surely impossible that all of the shops would be the same: some of them must be different. If that were indeed the case, then that would prove to me that I had travelled to another dimension. If on the other hand they were all the same, then that would mean that I had not been anywhere, but had instead remained in the chair with only a dream sequence for company. The bastards! I could not see that there was anything else I could do that would prove once and for all, what had really happened to me. There was just one small problem with my little theory - how on earth would I find that town?
I closed my eyes and pondered on the problem. Was there some way, any way, to know what the town was called? I could not really see how it would be possible. I now began to very deliberately re-trace my steps when I had gone into town as the other Martin. Were there any clues at all? I couldn’t even remember the names of the shops because, being a local, I did not need to read all the shop names and I already knew what they sold. This was all very frustrating, and then I realised that there was a shop that I had remembered.
Of course, the shop where I had bought the rafting weekend for Caroline. The rafting weekend! I know where that idea had come from…it’s the same present that I had bought for my sister Ruth online a couple of weeks ago - and to think that the other Martin went and bought it for Caroline! She was going to kill him! I knew that I shouldn’t, but I just had to chuckle to myself when I imagined Caroline discovering her birthday present. I just knew that she would not like it, at all! He was dead!
What was the name of the shop? I racked my brains and tried to conjure up a picture of it in my mind. Suddenly it came to me - ‘Gulliver’s Cabin.’ That was the name of the shop. All I had to do now was find out what town it was in. Spending only about five minutes on the Internet I found it. There was only one shop with that name that sold rafting holiday’s and it was in a place called Cornham Hall. I had heard of it before, but had never visited it. I dived into my road atlas. There it was, Cornham Hall. I reckoned it to be no more than an hour’s drive from here and, judging from the map, it was a reasonably sized place and that seemed to fit with what I could remember.
I determined to go there tomorrow, given the option I would have liked to go this very minute, but my day had run out and it was nearly dark now. Now I knew - the shop really did exist. What about the other shops and the rest of the town? I took a deep breath - I would find out for sure tomorrow.
I was actually feeling very pleased with myself. I was starting to believe that I was at long last getting back in control of my own life, and I now eagerly looked forward to tomorrow. I watched a little news on television, before finally going to my bed. I fell asleep very quickly.
I awoke to find the sun streaming into my bedroom and, glancing at my bedside clock, found it was nearly half seven. That was two nights in a row that I had managed to get a really good night’s sleep. I got up and immediately showered. I was desperately impatient to get off to Cornham Hall, and was out of the door the moment I was ready.
What a gorgeous day. I was not going to pass up the chance to take the Lotus. Not only had the car been on my mind for so long - it really did deserve a good run. It’s funny how you remember things. The moment I got into the car, I remembered in exact detail the article that had been written by that impostor, John Harper. I had no idea of what that upstart looked like, but I just hoped that he crossed the road in front of me so that I could run him down - several times!
In my eagerness to get to Cornham Hall, I had completely forgotten about the Monday morning rush hour, and consequently my trip took me nearly two hours. Never mind, I was here now and at least I had managed to park right in the centre of town. All I had to do now was spend some time exploring the place. First I decided to get my bearings. Where had I walked from when I was the other Martin? I looked around, and then I saw it. It was the road behind me that went right past the church. That’s where I would start. I would go back the way I came, before walking back into town as I had previously done. No not I, but as the other Martin had done. I was still getting very confused with what I was doing now, and what the other Martin had done. It was very difficult trying to keep a sense of perspective about it all.
Walking past the church I began to retrace my steps. I must have walked for around twenty-five minutes before I finally could no longer remember which road to follow next. As I had been walking, it did cross my mind that I might be able to locate the house where the other Martin had lived. Now that would feel odd! However I realised that was to be impossible, especially as I had no idea of the house number, or indeed the street name.
I turned back to see how much of my original journey I could remember and, more importantly, would I be able to detect any differences at all between what I now saw, and what I had experienced? Well, I was about to find out, and soon.
I began to realise that this was really good fun, I was enjoying this. I had absolutely no idea of where my new mini adventure would take me and right now I just didn’t care. It just felt good that no matter what, it would be me that would that would determine what was going on around me, not anybody from the project, and certainly none of those bloody wretched confusing dreams.
I walked back into town very slowly and deliberately, looking at everything around me, but was unable to see anything different. Had I really expected to see a difference? I didn’t know. I was back where I had started at the church and so far, everything was as I had remembered before. Nothing was different. I looked at my watch, only to find that I had forgotten to put it on this morning. I recalled that when I walked past the church there was a large clock in the paved square; in fact the other Martin had used it himself to check the time when he had visited the shops.
In less than a minute I was standing on the edge of the square. Something was not right here. I looked carefully around. This square was different, very different indeed. Where were all the trees? When I was here last, there were small poplar trees bordering the whole of the square, with the town clock at its centre, but there were no trees here. I now looked at the clock, yes that was the same…except that I knew, with or without my watch, it was definitely not twenty past four. It looked like this clock was not working, or if it was it had the wrong time. This town centre was very different and on the face of it, not as pleasant as the one I had seen before.
There was no getting away from it - this town was clearly different to the one I had visited before. There was only one conclusion to be drawn. This can only mean that I had indeed travelled to another dimension. There was no way that a fabricated dream sequence could have given me the experience that I had, as well as all of my new memories. So there we have it – everything that I had been experiencing over the last few days had really taken place and, more importantly, my memories were all real. That also meant that I really had been ‘somewhere’ else. I could feel the hair on the back of my neck rising as I began to fully accept and take in what had happened.
Composing myself, I went in search of the offending shop that sold poor Martin the rafting weekend. Remembering where it was located turned out to be very easy and I found it within a couple of minutes. Well, if I wasn’t convinced before that I had indeed been somewhere else - there was no doubting it now. 
Gulliver’s Cabin was closed and boarded up. As I looked closely at what remained of the shop frontage, it was clear that this shop had been closed for a good couple of years. I immediately started to ponder as to why this shop had closed, and not the other one. I can clearly remember that the other shop was really busy; so on the face of it, it was pretty much a success. So what happened here? Maybe the proprietor had died…or maybe it was so successful it had relocated to larger premises. I found myself fascinated by the whole ‘what if’ concept, and my mind went into overdrive as I now constructed several different scenarios for what lay behind the shops closure.
I walked back into the square feeling quite smug that I had on my own terms been able to finally convince myself of what had been going on over these last few days. Although I had not originally planned it, there was one last thing that I wanted to do before I went off home. As it must be about lunchtime, I would take myself off to ‘The Cobblers’ which I could just see further down the road. I chuckled at the thought ‘just for old times sake!’ which rather amused me.
  Walking into to the pub was a very strange experience, and one that I had had not expected at all. I had the very same sensation that I would when I walked into my own local. In fact I felt completely at home. This was very weird but I was nevertheless still enjoying it. As I carefully took in my surroundings I was sure that this pub was a little different to how I remembered it before, but I really could not make out exactly what the differences were. I ordered a drink as well as lunch and looked around to see where I should sit - and there it was, my usual table in the alcove. That’s where I would sit.
As I sat waiting for my food to arrive, I began to reflect on today’s events. Strange as this all was, it now all started to fall into place, and, as both Davila and Alistair had promised me, I was getting one hell of an adventure. I was pretty sure that they had not expected me to visit the very same town that I had when I was in another dimension. I was now itching to tell them about all of this – and this time it would be me that would surprise them!
Yes, today had been a good if rather strange day. I just hoped that the food here would be every bit as good as when I last had lunch with Colin…Colin, how was he doing I wondered, and just how did their evening meal go – the one that I missed out on?

Chapter Eight

I slowly drummed my fingers on the table and took another sip from my drink as I patiently waited for the arrival of my food. I again picked up the menu to read. If my food took a little while longer to arrive I didn’t really care, there was no hurry. I had the whole afternoon to myself. All in all, I was feeling pretty good. As I read through the menu I looked up as I became aware that somebody was now starting to seat themselves in front of me, at my table.
A shiver went right through me. I could feel my heart pounding and I could now feel myself getting very hot. How was this possible? Caroline is sitting opposite me, just staring at me. This cannot be right, can it? I stared back at her in absolute astonishment. She looked a little different to the Caroline that was my wife, but she was without doubt, Caroline. Her hair was longer and curlier and she did not have any glasses on. I looked right into her dark brown eyes and they were exactly the same. Bloody hell, how can this be? Her clothes were very different. In fact her whole appearance was a lot less business like. ‘My’ Caroline always liked to dress in expensive designer clothes.
We must have sat staring at each other in complete silence for over a minute. As we did so my mind was frantically racing in all directions trying to work out what on earth she was doing sitting at my table. The way I saw it was very simple: Caroline being here, at my table, looking at me like she knows me, should not be possible. She should not be here.
I noticed her eyes fall from mine and then to focus on my hands that were still sitting on the menu in front of me. She then nervously reached out her hands before gently resting them on mine. I could see a tear roll down her left cheek before she asked in a quiet voice, ‘It is you, isn’t it Martin?’
If my heart wasn’t pounding before, it sure as hell was now. There was no doubting it now; she did somehow know me, and she actually addressed me by name! I was desperately trying to think of something sensible to say. Why was she so sad? Just what did she expect me to say? I continued to stare at her sad face for what seemed like an eternity.
‘Yes it is me…I’m Martin,’ I could feel myself answering with a very dry broken voice. I was doing my very best to be as careful with my answers as I possibly could, after all - it was me that wanted answers from her.
‘Have we met before?’ I asked.
As I answered, her face immediately brightened up and she now held my hands a little tighter. She swallowed a lump in her throat, gave a little smile and said, ‘I knew it was you when I first saw you in the square about twenty minutes ago, I knew it was you Martin…the moment I saw you.’ She hesitated, clearly thinking of how she was going to say whatever was coming next.
Caroline now looked directly into my eyes, sighed and then continued, ‘I don’t really know how to explain it to you. You see…you see I remember you Martin from a dream I had a few days ago. I know how this must sound to you, it’s just…it’s just…you must think I’m mad.’ Her voice trailed off and she withdrew her hands from mine.
I could sense her frustration, as she clearly thought that I would not believe a word of what she was saying. However, I was now desperate for her to finish her story, just how could she know me from a dream? That was just impossible but it was obvious that she knew something, and I wanted to know.
‘I don’t think you’re mad, please do continue. You were telling me about the dream that you had.’
She looked at me for a few moments before replying, ‘No…I shouldn’t have followed you in here. You’re just trying to humour me, that’s all…I know you don’t really believe me - nobody ever does.’
I was now even more puzzled by her little statement, just what was she talking about now? However, as far as I was concerned this was just getting started and I did not want it to finish. I wanted some answers.
‘Now look, you follow me in here, you hold my hand like you know me, you even know my name, I want to listen to what you have to say. Tell me how you know me, I want to know.’
‘Martin…’ she looked at me with her sad face, her eyes now dropped and she shook her head slightly. She now continued, ‘Martin…this is so difficult…I just know that you will not understand. You see…’
Her voice trailed off as both of us now turned our attention to a woman that had just walked up to the side of the table.
‘Is everything okay? You got me really worried disappearing like that,’ she said in a slightly overbearing manner. ‘Why did you go off like that? I’ve been looking for you you know.’
Caroline now looked rather sheepish and guilty with the sudden appearance of this woman. ‘Yes, everything is alright Kim…I just thought I would come in here…that’s all.’
There was something damn funny going on. I didn’t know what, but something was not right here. The moment Kim had walked in, Caroline immediately acted as though she were some little schoolgirl who had been caught doing something naughty. To compound the situation, Kim, whoever she was, had the mannerism of a ghastly schoolmistress. I immediately didn’t like her, and I felt compelled to defend Caroline, from what, I didn’t know, or even understand.
In fact the more that I looked upon her, the more she reminded me of some horrible school bully. She looked to be in her mid thirties, had short black hair, and stood about six feet in height. She was certainly well built to the point that I thought she would not have looked out of place in a rugby line up. No, I really did not like her one little bit.
Kim now gave me a slow dark look, then turning to Caroline asked, ‘And who’s your new friend then?’
‘This is Martin, the one I told you about in my dream…’
Kim’s face went red with anger and she now exploded, ‘Oh for pity’s sake, from your dream? From your…dream? How many times have we been through this? How many fucking dreams with fictitious people do we have to go through? Just listen to yourself will you…’
‘But it is him, he has even admitted to me that his name is Martin,’ a very nervous but excited Caroline exclaimed.
Kim looked at us both, shook her head and then replied in a loud voice, ‘Here I am trying to help you, you stupid bitch…but you haven’t even been taking your medication have you? No, no, don’t even try to answer that, because if you had taken it as you are supposed to, then you wouldn’t keep having these bloody ridiculous fantasies.’ She now directed her attention in my direction. ‘And as for you, you should be ashamed of yourself, taking advantage of this poor misguided woman. Martin indeed, Martin my fucking arse, I’ve a good mind to call the police…’
I had had just about enough of this nasty bullying woman. I quickly stood up and took a step towards her so that we were now only inches apart. ‘I don’t know who you are and I really don’t give a shit, but I will not have you talking to Caroline like that. Do you understand me?’ 
She had clearly not expected my sudden outburst and she now took a step back before answering, ‘But you…’
I did not let her finish as I now cut across her and said in an angry voice, ‘No buts, my advice to you is to walk out of the pub now…otherwise I will drag you out myself. Now get out, now!’
It was evident that she was shaken by what I said and now looked very uncertain. After briefly glancing at Caroline she stormed past me and out of the pub. I could feel myself shaking with anger. I was absolutely furious with her for belittling Caroline in front of me. How dare she talk to my Caroline like that?
I sat back down at the table and looked at Caroline. She had the biggest smile. That cheered me up: it was the first real smile I had seen from her. ‘Jesus Caroline, just who the hell was the wicked witch, a friend of yours?’
She laughed before answering, ‘Thank you Martin. It’s the first time that I’ve seen somebody giving her as good as she gives. That’s twice today that you’ve made me happy. Thank you.’
My meal arrived. ‘Are you having something?’ I asked.
She looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. ‘Well, I hadn’t planned to…’
‘Nonsense, come on I will treat you – I insist, choose yourself something from the menu,’ I answered pushing the menu towards her. The girl that bought my food to the table patiently waited while Caroline chose herself something to eat. She ordered and we agreed that my dish would be taken away and bought back out at the same time that Caroline’s food was ready.
With the waitress now gone I asked Caroline, ‘so, who on earth was the fat bitch then?’
Caroline again rested her hands on mine before saying, ‘Before I do answer you Martin…when I first sat down, you asked me if we had met before’ she paused and looked into my eyes, smiled and continued, ‘but I knew that you knew me, I could see it in your eyes. I can still see it. You also said my name when you shouted at Kim. I never told you my name, but you knew it. You do know me, don’t you Martin?’
Shit, I had tried my best to keep from her that I did know her…of sorts. I had wanted to find out how she knew me first, and now I had gone and complicated it even further. I was now completely confused, how could she know me from her dreams? How was that possible? Who was that nasty piece of work calling herself Kim, and just what medication was she talking about? With Caroline again giving me her lost sad look, I now had to give her some sort of a sensible response.
I returned her smile and held her hands very lightly. ‘I too had a dream a few nights ago Caroline, and that’s how in some strange way I met you, if you can call it that. I didn’t want to say at first, I suppose like you, I have been very confused by it all.’
I was saved from having to say anything further as our food and drinks arrived. After thanking the waitress I suggested that the two of us should eat first, and then talk some more. Caroline agreed and we both tucked into our food. I didn’t know about Caroline, but I did not have much of an appetite as once again my mind was frantically trying to work out just what was going on.
One thing was for sure; the Caroline that is sitting in front of me has a completely different personality and general air about her to the other Caroline that I had known. They really could not have been more different; the other Caroline was very sure of herself, liked expensive clothes and had a lot of fire in her heart. This Caroline seemed very nervous, if not actually shy, and the best way that I could think of categorising her was that she gave the appearance of not having had a good life. There was so much sadness in her face. Still, I could be very wrong. After all I had only just met her.
Now that we had finished our meal, I again wanted to get some answers from her. However, I decided to make some general conversation first. ‘So tell me, are you local to Cornham Hall?’
‘Yes, I have lived here for…oh, too many years! It takes me less than an hour to walk into town; I don’t have a car, so yes I’m pretty much local. And what about you? I don’t recall seeing your face here before, well that is until I saw you in my dream…’
‘No, this is the first time that I have visited your pretty little town. No, I’m definitely not a local, I live about an hour’s drive away in Upper Monkham, it only has one shop, and not much else - I guess that’s why I like it …’
The waitress returned to clear the table and after turning down the offer of coffee, I settled the bill.
‘Thank you for buying me lunch Martin, that’s very kind of you…what shall we do now? I don’t really like sitting in pubs to be honest,’ Caroline paused and again looked into my eyes before saying, ‘If you like, we could both come back to my house for some tea…that’s only if you want.’
Much as I was desperate to find out what was going on, I really wanted to keep Caroline at arm’s length. I could clearly see the potential for an awful lot of unexpected complications that I did not want, or really need. But then again, if I turned down her suggestion, would I ever find out what was going on? Once again I could feel myself falling into some horrible endless pit that would end up just sucking me in, deeper and deeper.
‘Well I hadn’t really planned to…,’ I replied firmly looking at the clock above the bar. ‘I do have quite a few things to be getting on with. Tell you what, my car is just round the corner. Yes okay I’ll take you up on your kind offer, but I really can’t stay for too long.’ My heart sunk as I finished talking. What was I letting myself in for now? 
Her face lit up with joy before she replied, ‘I haven’t asked anybody back to my house for so long now, but in a funny kind of way, I feel like I’m asking an old friend round…if you see what I mean?’
I smiled at her before I led us both out into the open and to some welcome fresh air. We walked in silence for a minute or so until we arrived at my car. As I approached the passenger door I turned round to see a very startled and shocked Caroline who had her hands to her face, ‘Oh my God Martin,’ she said shaking her head ‘oh my God, this is your car in my dream. I remember you pointing to the picture in the magazine saying that this was your car.’ She took in a deep breath before saying, ‘It’s all so clear to me, TOL 006, that’s what you said.’ Caroline now walked to the front of the car to have a look at the number plate. Shaking her head again she said. ‘How can this be possible, I don’t understand? What is happening to me?’
I didn’t know what was happening to her, I was just worried about my own sanity. Just when I was beginning to think that it was all coming together and starting to make some sort of sense, this bloody well happens. Was it her that was going mad, or was it me?
‘I really don’t know what is going on either…it’s all very confusing. However, I think it would be better if I drive us back to your place and for us to be confused there, rather than standing like two lost souls in the street, don’t you agree?’
Caroline nodded her agreement, and with her navigating, we set off to her house. As we got closer to the house I could feel my heart starting to pound again. I recognised the street, and now the house. There was no doubting it, this is the very same house in which the other Martin and Caroline had lived, or even still did live. This was getting stranger by the bloody minute, and once again I was starting to feel a little spooked by it all.
Caroline instructed me to park off the road in her driveway. Getting out of the car yet again was another strange and weird experience. I could now feel my mouth very dry as I stepped back to look at my car. There it was, just as the other Martin had seen in his strange vision, the Lotus was sitting on his driveway. My God, was I still in a dream? Was this all real? How could this possibly be? All of my reasoning and logic was just melting away; I simply did not understand anything at all anymore.
 It was now the turn of Caroline to looked concerned and puzzled as she asked ‘Martin, are you alright…Martin?’
Her question snapped my confused mind out of wherever it was now wondering, and I now desperately tried to get my bearings again. I looked at her, then back at the car sitting in the driveway before I answered, ‘Am I all right? That’s a bloody good question and to tell you the truth, I honestly don’t know anymore…shall we now go in for that cup of tea you promised?’
I was feeling so shocked and taken aback from what I was now experiencing that I was actually feeling a little dizzy. This was all such a strange feeling, I had never felt dizzy…this was all so damn strange. I followed Caroline into the house. I really had to get off my feet and sit down – and quickly.
As soon as I was through the front door I made straight for the sitting room and immediately sat in one of the chairs. Caroline came in after me saying slightly tongue in cheek, ‘Make yourself at home, why don’t you?’
It was only as she finished talking that I realised what I had done. I was so dizzy and desperate to sit down that I had automatically gone straight through the house as though it was mine. With my head now clearing I looked around and took in my new surroundings. Yes without a doubt, this house was definitely the same as I recalled from before, except that now the furnishings were very different from those I had remembered. It was clear to me that Caroline was not very well off and had little in the way of money; she had already told me that she didn’t have a car.
I looked up at her from where I sat and replied, ‘Please forgive me, for a few moments there I had a bit of a dizzy spell and I just had to sit down’ I smiled at her before continuing, ‘As a rule I try not to make a habit of walking into a stranger’s house and just sit down without asking.’
‘That’s all right Martin, I often get a little dizzy myself when I get confused with different visions, so I quite understand. You just sit here, I’ll get us that cup of tea that I promised and anyway, I don’t consider you to be a stranger,’ answered Caroline as she disappeared out of the room.
Visions? I don’t suffer from bloody visions! Dizzy I may have been, but I did not like the way that Caroline was now trying to identify with me simply because I had a bit of a funny turn. Mind you, I had to admit to myself that for a few moments I had felt dreadfully weird, and I was at a complete loss to explain it. As I waited for Caroline to reappear, I was beginning to think that I really should have stayed at home today. I was sure that in some strange way, things were going to get even more confusing and bizarre before the day was out.
Caroline appeared with our tea and some biscuits and placed them in front of us on the little glass coffee table. After thanking her for my drink I said, ‘You never did tell me who Kim was.’
‘No I didn’t - and I will tell you about her, but first I think it best if I tell you a bit about myself. I don’t usually tell other people about myself really…but because…because, well lets just say that as it’s you, I will, if you see what I mean?’ Her nervous stuttering voice trailed off and I could see by her manner that whatever she was about to tell me, was going to be very soul searching indeed. I felt that I was somehow about to intrude, and that I had no right to listen in on her problems. I was convinced that she was about to pour her heart out to me, which I did not want. I was now feeling so uncomfortable with this whole situation that I simply did not want to be here at all.
I must have sat for over two hours listening to this horrible wretched story of Caroline’s life. More often than not she would burst into tears as she was going into all the various details. I would constantly take her hand and tell her that she did not need to tell me anymore, but tell me she did.
Her life was an absolute misery, a living hell. From the age of fourteen Caroline had been getting these very vivid dreams, which, without exception had always involved her in some other life. Sometimes these other lives were similar to her own and these were not really too much of a problem, but then there were the other dreams. It was in these dreams that she would be transported into another life altogether. A life that was so real, that on waking, she became so utterly confused and traumatised, she found that she could no longer lead a normal life. Caroline explained that she could go for months on end without these dreams, and during these calm periods her life would slowly start to fall back into place. Then, like a bolt out of the blue, she would be literally struck down with another one of these vivid dreams - or visions as she often referred to them.
She had lost count of all the other Caroline’s that she had been. When she had been living out these other lives she had had many different personas, which included being a successful businesswoman, being happily married several times, having various children in and out of marriage, all of whom she remembers and misses. I could see the sadness in her eyes when she spoke of the children that she had ‘lost’ and would never see again, more so when she added that she expected to ‘lose’ more children in the future.
Then there were her really dark dreams. Fortunately she did not have too many, but these were nevertheless the most traumatising and the ones that really left their mark on her. She recalls being hooked on drugs and prostituting herself in some horrible big city. She had been in prison on more than one occasion, for what she did not know. The worst dream that she had was when she was in her early twenties, she and her boozy boyfriend had brutally stabbed to death two old ladies in the street, for fun.
With such vivid and ghastly dreams she found it completely impossible to lead a normal life. Throughout the day she would often suffer what she called ‘flash visions,’ where she would, just for a moment, remember a part of one her many visions. Consequently from the age of fourteen her life had very rapidly fallen apart. She was once one of the school’s brightest stars with a good and happy future ahead of her and, university beckoning as the next step. However that life was not to be, her schoolwork disintegrated, she lost all of her friends as she now became the school weirdo, and her family no longer knew or understood her. She did try her best with various forms of employment, but these, just like the rest of her life came to nothing and fell apart. Unable to cope, having no money, and worst of all in her eyes, having little or no support from her family, she suffered a complete breakdown and entered an institution at the relatively young age of twenty one.
Throughout her twenties she had been in and out of two institutions, but nobody there was able to understand or to really help her. The experts suspected that she was suffering from some sort of psychosis, some thought she was merely attention seeking, but in the end she found the best way to cope with it all was to tell nobody what was happening and to live her life as best as she could.
Caroline had, by her standards, a relatively calm period for nearly five years until only a couple of years ago, and it was during this period that her life improved dramatically. For the first time in her life she managed to hold down a job working part time in one of the local shops. She also began to socialise a little, and became slightly closer to her family. However, her newfound peace was shattered when she once again started to get very vivid dreams, accompanied by her ‘flash visions.’ Almost overnight she had to give up work and again became very reclusive, not venturing out of the house unless it was absolute necessary.
She had been getting these visions for around three months when unexpectedly she was contacted by the Gautier Association. It was their claim that dreams and strange visions were their specialised field of work, and that they would endeavour to help Caroline to find out what was going on with her. Out of desperation she jumped at this offer of help, and she agreed to stay for a couple of months in their clinic. However, she found the clinic to be no different from the previous institutions that she had been in, and she did not like her time there at all. The only difference was that she did get to meet two other ‘inmates’ as they called themselves, who like her, suffered in the very same way.
Caroline had felt very relieved when she finally did get to leave her new prison, the clinic. She could not really say why, but she had the strange feeling that the clinic had some sort of a hidden agenda, and that there was something sinister going on. She was soon to find out that the Gautier Association was indeed very sinister and pretty scary. She had barely been out of the clinic a month when, inexplicably, a court order was served giving the clinic effective control of her life. She was now instructed as to what time would be spent in the Gautier clinic and what time she would be allowed at home on supervised medication. This is where I now learned the part that Kim played in this very sorry tale.
Kim had been assigned to help and look after Caroline as well as a few of the other ‘guests.’ That was a good one, calling what were effectively prisoners, guests. From what Caroline was telling me these various different clinic helpers were nothing more than vicious bully boys or women, who seemed to relish nothing more than to put the guests down at every given opportunity.
The degree of control over the ‘guests’ was incredible. When one of the female guests returned home, she had decided not to take the prescribed medication given to her; she was then very badly beaten by her helper on a home visit. A neighbour called the police and six weeks later the incredulous outcome was that the court order was reinforced, giving the Gautier Association even more control over her. After the occurrence of this incident, all the shocked and frightened ‘guests’ very quickly became completely subservient to their new masters. When they are now told to take the medication, they all take it without question, even though they are not told what the drugs are or what they do. The only thing the guests know is that they are given the red pills, the green pills, or sometimes the yellow pills. 
I was absolutely astounded by what I was hearing. This was a pure hell and this was all supposedly legal and enforced by the court? What court, and under what bloody law? How could an individual be ordered to have to go into some private clinic like this? I had never heard of such a thing - this was definitely not right at all. I thought I was living in a democracy, however this was more like something from a Stalinist regime or even more like 1984 - ‘Big Brother is watching you’…room 101, the room for all your worst nightmares - just as Alistair had said to me. Except it was not me that was in the room, somehow Caroline had gone in and somebody had locked the door behind her.
To this day she still cannot understand how the Gautier Association had found her and how they are able to wield such power, enforceable and backed up by the courts, effectively giving them control of her whole life.
‘You wanted to know who Kim was, well now you know. Earlier you called her a fat bitch, if only you knew the half of it...’ Her voice trailed off before she continued, ‘As you know I don’t have any real friends…my family don’t give a shit about me. In their eyes, I’m just the family problem to be ignored and hopefully I will just go away. So thank you for listening to my life story. I’m glad I have been able to tell it to someone that for once is neither a stupid doctor, nor one of those idiot psychiatrists who don’t understand my condition at all. I know that you are not my friend Martin, but it felt like I was in some way talking to a long lost friend…if you see what I mean?’
‘Bloody hell Caroline, I really do not know what to say, I really don’t.’ After a brief silence, she went out to make some more tea.
As she was in the kitchen it suddenly struck me that in spite of everything she said, I had yet to find out about me, or rather the other Martin, in her dream, or vision as she referred to them. Vision, yes I had to agree with her, the word vision described these experiences far better than calling them dreams. Now that I thought about it, her experiences and mine were not dreams at all; they were all in some way visions, like a window into another world.
I glanced at clock on the wall; it was now half past four and yet again it was turning out to be another unbelievable and incredible day. Our second round of tea and biscuits now arrived. I could see that Caroline was still a little disturbed from her recounting her life story. Who could blame her? Her life was more akin to a strange science fiction story rather than real life. Do I believe her? I think I probably do, but first I wanted to hear how my story fitted in with her dream, then I would decide.
Caroline needed little prompting to begin retelling me her vision involving me. In fact I could see that she was for the most part actually enjoying telling the story and, she often had a smile and a sparkle in her eyes. I sat listening to her, completely transfixed, everything that I remembered that had included Caroline as my wife was retold exactly as it had happened. It was the very same, in every detail. There was no doubting it now: we had shared the same vision.
I was once again stunned and did not know what to make of it all. I knew how I had come by my vision, that much I could get my head around, after a fashion. But, for Caroline to be doing the very same thing, having visions of other dimensions, involuntary and on a regular basis, how could that be explained? Did she know that her visions were from other dimensions? I so much wanted to tell her, but I couldn’t. I was understandably sworn to secrecy, so I could only tell her my vision in such a way that left out the project altogether. So that’s just what I did, telling her my tale in the same manner that she had told me hers, the only difference was that I told her that I had fallen asleep in my chair at home in the afternoon.
I could see the astonishment in her face as I recalled the very same details as she had in her tale. When I finished, she was slowly shaking her head and a tear slowly rolled down her cheek, ‘All this time Martin, all this time, they all thought, everybody thought I was mad. Take this drug, take that drug, go into this home, do this, do that. Nobody believed me, nobody understood, not even me. I didn’t know what was going on, and now, for the first time, I know that my visions were all real. They all really happened. You don’t know how that makes me feel, it’s like a veil has been lifted from me…do you know what I mean?’
I leaned over to her and gently took her hand. ‘Caroline, I don’t pretend to know or to understand what has been happening to you, or what really happened to me for that matter, but yes, I think I do understand why you should be much happier knowing that it is not you that is mad.’ I paused and chuckled a little before I added ‘I think in some strange way you have a very unique gift and one that the so-called experts do not understand. You beat them all! Don’t you see, those experts, they’re all thick as shit!’
Caroline returned a small chuckle before saying, ‘you make me laugh, you know that? It’s just a shame that if it is indeed a gift I have, it’s not one that I can return!’ she then laughed out loud for a few moments before saying, ‘Talking of gifts, I keep thinking of what the other Caroline will think when she gets her rafting weekend! I have hated water since early childhood, if the other Caroline is the same…’ she trailed off as she once again burst into laughter, and I now joined in.
I could see the time on the wall clock; it was gone half past five. ‘I should really be making tracks Caroline, I don’t know where the afternoon has gone…’
‘Why not stay for dinner?’
I felt that I could have stayed here with Caroline for days, there was so much to talk about, but there was something inside me that was telling me that I should not get involved any further than I already had. ‘I would love to stay a little longer but I do have quite a bit that I should be getting on with…’
‘Of course, I understand. You will have another cup of tea before you leave won’t you?’
‘How could I refuse? Just so long as the biscuits come back out! Tell you what, I will join you in the kitchen, my legs are going numb from sitting so long.’
As we waited for the tea to be ready we stood and made idle chit chat, the first time we had done so since we had met. I realised that even though Caroline was not a very confident person she nevertheless was quite a chatty soul once she got started.
Sitting together on the sofa I asked, ‘So tell me, now that I am back into your life, from a vision you had a few days ago, did you miss me?’
I could see her thinking for a moment or two before replying, ‘Yes, I suppose I did miss you. After all, we were married! That’s why my life is constantly being turned upside down.’ She paused and looked directly at me before continuing, ‘Martin, you may think this a strange question…but since you had a vision, as I often do…have you ever seen one of those…what I call a ‘shadow person’?’
My heart was starting to race again as I knew immediately what she was talking about. This was getting stranger and stranger and I was now uncertain how I should answer her. ‘A shadow person Caroline?’
She looked directly at me and did not answer straight away. ‘I know we only met a few hours ago, but I already know you well enough to know that when I asked the question…I could see it in your face…you have, haven’t you? You do know what I am talking about, don’t you?’
‘I think so, the day before I had the vision I saw something…I don’t know what it was, but I suppose your ‘shadow person’ description is pretty close. I only saw it out of the corner of my eye and when I turned to look at it, it had gone like it was never there. Is that what you are talking about?’
‘I have been seeing these shadow people ever since I was fourteen when I began to get these visions. I am sure that there is somehow a connection. Do you remember I told you that I met a couple of other people in the Gautier clinic that suffered from similar visions?’
‘Yes, I do.’
‘Well they too keep seeing these shadow people, just like you. Of course, nobody ever believes us; it’s all in our imagination. Martin, you know you joked about me having this gift, well I really hope for your sake that you don’t have it as well. I do hope and pray that what you experienced was a one off. You don’t want to end up like me, no job, no friends, no money and a prisoner of that god awful Gautier clinic.’
I finished my tea, and placing my cup on the table in front of me I replied, ‘Constant visions of other lives, strange shadow people, ghastly clinics - no it’s not something that I would wish for Caroline.’ I again took her hand and held it gently. ‘I really must be going.’
‘I know, but before you do go, I would like you to be honest with me. Will I see you again, or are you to disappear from my life, as you don’t want the complications of my strange lifestyle? That’s what most people do. I would rather you be honest with me now. If we are never to see each other again, I would understand.’
‘I am not looking for a relationship Caroline and yes you do have a hell of strange life that is full of complications, but I don’t see why we cannot see each other again. Tell you what, before I leave we’ll exchange addresses and phone numbers and I’m more than happy for you to call me anytime. I’m not just saying that, I do mean it.’
‘Don’t worry, I’m not after a relationship either, but I’m glad if we can just be friends. It’s nice to know that I have somebody to talk to. Goodness it’s getting late. You had best be on your way I suppose.’
We both stood up and walked to the front door. ‘Now remember, if that Kim gives you any grief Caroline, you’ve got my number…and I’ve got my baseball bat!’ We shared a laugh together, and then we gave each other a long hug as we said our goodbyes. I could see that she had tears in her eyes as I went through the door and headed for my car.
My drive home took just over the hour and it was now just gone eight. It had been a strange drive. My mind was not on the drive at all, but on everything Caroline had told me. I was filled with amazement as well as anger. I felt so angry at what was happening to Caroline. Surely there was something that could be done. Was there something that I could do?
I was totally shattered; today had been so tiring I simply had no energy to do anything with the rest of my evening. I would have another healthy evening with my trusty pizza and a beer. As I tucked into my food I was going through today’s events in my mind. Could my life possibly become any more confusing than it was already? Today was supposed to bring me answers and yet it had only managed to add to the confusion. I had had enough, I would turn in early and hopefully tomorrow would be a better day, after all things could surely no get worse for me. Could they?

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

Compared to my recent experiences, my next two days were relatively quiet and relaxing which is definitely what I needed. All I did was to go jogging twice a day, potter around my cars and unusually for me, watch the television in the evenings. I just wanted for my life to fall back into place and now at long last, it felt that it was doing just that.
Nevertheless, from time to time I was still getting what Caroline had described to me as ‘flash visions.’ No matter where I was or whatever I was currently doing I would just for an instant, have a glimpse of a memory from when I had been the other Martin. Although these flash visions did not stop me in my tracks - they nevertheless did manage to throw my concentration. It was bloody annoying. Mind you, at least I understood why and where they were coming from, and I pretty much expected them to slowly fade with time, unlike poor Caroline. How the hell could anybody cope with such visions, day in and day out? I was pretty sure that I couldn’t have coped with them and Caroline certainly didn’t. I really could not begin to think of a more horrible existence to have.
I was still greatly disturbed by all the events concerning Caroline and I could not get her, or indeed her current predicament, out of my mind. I even spent a small amount of time trying to find out more about the Gautier Association, but so far my investigations had led me nowhere. I felt that in some strange way that I had some sort of an attachment, or a bonding with her. I even felt that I was somehow responsible for her – although I knew that not to be true. Through absolutely no fault of her own she had clearly lost control over her life, and I wanted to do something about it. Exactly what I didn’t know and, after all, if I was not going to help her, just who would? Not the Gautier Association that was for sure. However, I had a sneaky feeling that Alistair or Davila could possibly help her. Both of them were full of connections in high-up secret places. Yes, I’m sure that they can help me to help her, or at least I hope they can.
Of course no matter how hard I tried, there were still quite a few things that I just could not get out of my mind. For example, who, or what, were the shadowy figures that were obviously very real? What was that odd feeling I got when I was around Sarah? What had we done to the other Martin or to the two Carolines for that matter? Why did I see my car in a magazine? It was still very confusing and I found it a lot easier to just not dwell on these issues.
At least I had finally come to accept that my mind had indeed travelled into another dimension, for real. It’s funny, but now that I accepted this new unnatural concept, I felt that I had been on some sort of a day out, a bit like going to the funfair. It’s strange, but it doesn’t bother me at all. It also means that Alistair and his team had my trust once again. I had got myself so wound up and completely paranoid about them for nothing; they had never lied to me, not once. I now felt that I could once again start to look forward again. Yes, I was now feeling pretty good again.
After breakfast I telephoned Alistair as we had previously arranged only a few days ago. Alistair had suggested that we meet up in The Rising Sun later on in the evening. However, I persuaded him that we really needed to sit down for a few hours together, because I had a great deal to tell him about the project. That got his attention; after all, what could I possibly tell him about the project? It was agreed, we would go jogging together later in the morning, shower then have lunch at The Rising Sun. We would then both come back to my place in the afternoon for a bit of a chat. I made a point of telling Alistair that I would not tell him anything until we had lunched and we were back in my house. I wanted to just relax and enjoy a couple of beers with him first.
 So, having had lunch we sat quietly for a few moments nursing our beers before Alistair said with a roguish laugh, ‘Now I know you keep going on and on that you don’t want to talk in anyway about the project till later, but there is something that does interest me, and I’m sure it will interest you.’
‘Oh yes, come on then.’
‘It’s Sarah…, you do remember Sarah don’t you?’
‘Of course I do Alistair, and do tell me - just where is this going? I remember you trying to nudge me towards Davila, are you up to your tricks again?’
He had a very big grin now before replying, ‘No no, not this time, but what I am about to tell you is, well rather curious shall we say.’
‘Why is it that my alarms bells are starting to sound? Is it possible that I suspect some mischief-making afoot?’
Alistair chuckled again and now picked up his beer glass as if looking for divine inspiration before he said, ‘It’s a bit like my glass, is it half empty, or is it half full? Well I suspect that it rather depends how you look upon it doesn’t it? Now, what Sarah said to myself and to Davila about you, well I suppose it’s a bit like this glass, it rather depends how look upon it doesn’t it?’
‘Alistair, just what the hell are you getting at? What Sarah said…half full, half empty? I’m afraid you’ve lost me on this one.’
‘Have I Martin? Are you so sure? Tell me, have you two met before?’
I did not like the way this was going at all. Ever since I met her I had this strange feeling that deep down I somehow knew her very well, but that was just my strange feeling, wasn’t it? What on earth had she told them about me? She never hinted to me that she had the same feeling towards me, but then again, I suppose that I never let on to her either.
I deliberately frowned at Alistair before answering, ‘You know very well that other than you, I’ve never met any of you guys before and that includes Sarah. So what’s the big deal with Sarah?’
‘Well, it turns out that the moment that Sarah set eyes on you, it’s as if there were some secret chemistry between the two of you. According to her, she really could not work it out at all; it was as if you were once…lovers! Of course she knew that was impossible as she had never met you before, but it was like some deep feeling that she had. It wasn’t in any way a normal feeling that you can describe, but there you have it. Of course whatever weird connection she was talking about, does mean that she must have the hots for you now - you lucky old dog, and don’t tell me you haven’t noticed her ‘come to bed eyes’!’
Oh my God, all this time she had the same unexplainable feeling that I had. I could feel a shiver go through me yet again - this was getting weirder and weirder. Did she fancy me, or was Alistair up to his usual crafty tricks? She sure as hell was a bit of a teaser, there was no doubting that, but then I had just assumed that that’s how she behaved when she was when around most men and not just me. No, she didn’t fancy me - I was old enough to be her father! What was I supposed to say now? I just sat there looking out the window.
‘You have got to be kidding me - there is something to this isn’t there?’
‘Alistair if there is something…you try to explain it, because I sure as hell don’t understand any of it, none of it. Bloody hell, yes I did have a weird feeling when we first met, as if we somehow knew each other - just as Sarah described, except that I wouldn’t have said like lovers, but there was something, definitely something. A hell of a strange feeling.’
‘Why didn’t you say something, anything?’
‘Come on Alistair if you were in my shoes, now be honest, would you have? It did cross my mind, on more than one occasion, but I was pretty sure that whatever I would have said would have sounded like some cheap chat up line or more likely, making myself out to some sort of a pervert!’
‘You needn’t have worried on that front, we know already that you’re a pervert!’ laughed Alistair before he slapped me hard on the back. ‘I suppose you’re right though, if the same had happened to me, I probably would have kept quiet as well. Still there it is. It’s like I said before, it rather depends on how you look upon it. So what do you think about this?
‘Believe me, I really have no suggestions, haven’t a bloody clue. It’s just bloody weird that’s all. Mind you, it’s just a shame that’s she is about half my age though, cos she sure is incredibly gorgeous, and no - I really don’t think that she has the hots for me in spite of all this nonsense. Come on, enough of this for now, let’s save this discussion for a little later. If you want to hear a lot of even stranger things, we should be getting back to my place.’
Alistair agreed and together we left the pub laughing like two little boys as we now made our way back to my house. I had to laugh at Alistair, he had been getting extremely frustrated because I continually refused to tell him anything about my new knowledge, until that is we had got back to my house. ‘Alistair we are only about two minutes from my house. What is it they say? All things come to those that wait! Like I said in the pub, you’re going find it pretty amazing – it’s going to make you think, that’s for sure!’
‘I hope I am not going to get any nasty surprises. Tell me it isn’t so.’
‘I have never said that either you or Davila are going to like what I am going to tell you, but I can tell this, blow your socks off it will!’
‘So come on then, is it good or bad news? You can at least tell me that.’
‘Good question, I really don’t know if it is good, bad, or indeed both for that matter, but for sure it’s going to open yours eyes a little bit wider. Come on let’s go inside,’ I replied as I opened my front door.
We both made ourselves comfortable in the front room with some lovely fresh coffee I had made. After building up my story so much over the last few hours, I could see that he was now eagerly waiting to hear my news, whatever it was.
I left out absolutely nothing as I described in detail to Alistair as much as I could about all of my experiences since I had got home. He was completely fascinated by my story and he often would be leaning forward in his chair. He actually paced up and down the room a couple of times and I could see by the look on his face that he had expected none of what I was telling him. To say that I had his undivided attention was the understatement of the year. For the first time that I could remember, he never interrupted me once and I was sure that I had been talking for over an hour.
‘And there you have it Alistair, god knows how I have been keeping my sanity with everything that I have been through, but I’m sure you’ll agree, that it’s without doubt a case of the truth being stranger than fiction.’
He again got out of his chair and saying nothing he paced up and down a couple of times before sitting down again. ‘That’s incredible, just what the hell do you say to that? It’s opened up an entirely new set of questions about what we are doing, it’s incredible. One thing is for sure, like you said, truth is stranger than fiction - incredible,’ he finished off with his familiar chortle.
‘Tell you what, let’s get ourselves another coffee,’ I suggested.
‘Coffee? After what you’ve just said, no I think I need something a lot stronger than coffee,’ replied Alistair as he followed me into the kitchen. ‘Simply amazing. Wait till the others back at the complex hear about this. Incredible. I’ll take that coffee, just make sure that’s its strong, very strong!’
We returned to the sitting room with our cups of coffee. ‘So tell me Alistair, is it good or bad news then?’
‘Well now let’s see if I understand this. These shadowy figures whoever, or whatever they are, are indeed real. Caroline has somehow been transmitting her thoughts into other dimensions, or…or is it more a case of that she has been receiving transmitted thoughts from other dimensions? Just who or what is the sinister Gautier Association? There is, as you have rightly pointed out, the very odd occurrence that just by chance you stumble across your car in a magazine in another dimension. Let’s not forget the rather odd sensation, or bonding that seems to exist between Sarah and yourself, that’s very odd indeed. Good or bad? I really don’t know, but it sure has complicated things somewhat though…’
I then asked ‘Leaving aside what I have just said, easier said than done I know, now that you have spent a few days doing your analysis of all of the data from the first run, how did it all go? Was it considered a success?’
‘I suspect that we are going to have to revisit our findings somewhat after what you have just told me, but to answer your question, we are all pretty chuffed, as in the main we did manage to achieve what we set out to do. Of course, we will need to spend a lot more time to go through all of the data as there are still quite a few loose ends that we need to sort out.’
‘So what about my day and a half as the other Martin? Has that one been resolved yet?’
Alistair sighed, I could see him thinking carefully before he answered, ‘We are not sure yet, but it could well be that Sarah was right when she theorised that the MDT was actually warping space during it’s transmission, if that is indeed what’s taking place, then it does make our job a lot more difficult when we are trying to piece it all together. However, if space were being warped, then yes it would very likely mean that your time spent in another dimension would be very different to what it is here. Theoretically, you could potentially spend weeks if not months in another dimension for what is only one minute here. Of course if that were to happen, then it begs the question as to what it would do to the mental state of whoever is doing the dimension travelling, or indeed for the other person in the other dimension that has been connected to. Let’s face it Martin, look at how confused and paranoid both you and your other self became for what was only a day and a half. Can you imagine what months away would do?’
‘Moral and ethical issues aside, tell me, when is the second run planned for?’
‘Is this you offering your services again? Not had enough punishment eh? Alistair asked with his chuckle.
‘I have never said that I will do another run. I might if I’m asked, but for the moment I really need to take stock of everything, as I’m sure you’ll agree, and you still haven’t answered my question Alistair. The second run is…?’
‘We are planning a second run in eight days time, but only if everybody on the project is satisfied with the results of all the data from the first. However I’m sure that when I report back what you’ve just told me - well let’s just say, it’s definitely going to have some bearing on what we do, no doubt about that. Assuming that we do go ahead with the run, would you consider it Martin?’
‘I would consider it for sure. However, before I add to my confused state of mind, I do need to have a proper discussion with all of you before I decide to do anything, I’m sure you know just what I mean.’
I could see that he was deep thought before he said, ‘Who would have thought it, that you would actually end up by visiting the same town that you had visited when you were your other self? And to top it all, meet the very same woman that was your wife? It’s just incredible, it’s no bloody wonder you kept questioning your sanity Martin.’
‘The sooner I talk to the guys back at the complex, the quicker we can try to make some sort of sense of all that you’ve told me.’ Alistair looked deep in thought for a few moments before he continued, ‘My wife is going to kill me you know that? This is all your fault, I’ve only just got back…I am going to call Davila and get everybody back to the complex for tomorrow morning for a meeting. I am clearly not going to be the most popular person, but we have a lot of ground to cover and only eight days before the second run. I really must get going so that I can set things up. Thinking ahead, we may need to get you back to the complex so that we can all get a better understanding of what has been going on - if that’s all right with you?’
‘It’s okay by me. There is one thing that I would like you to do for me. It’s Caroline. I know that I should not get myself involved, but I would like you to find out what you can about the Gautier Association. It’s just not right.’
‘Don’t you worry about it Martin, given the strange circumstances surrounding Caroline it’s one of the first things that I will do tomorrow. I know that she must be sick to death with doctors and strange institutions, but at some point in the future it may be beneficial to us and to her if she were willing to spend a little time with us and the project. It may help to answer some of her questions, and some of ours. I don’t know how you would feel about that, do you think she would be willing to get herself involved with some other secret institution, as she would no doubt view us?’
‘I obviously can’t answer for her, but if it held out the possibility that it may help her, then yes she may agree to it. Although I do suspect that she would only agree to such a thing if it came from me. It’s very clear that because of what happened between us that she does trust me, or at least I think she does. She has little respect and trust for anybody else, and for good reason. However, I can assume that were she to phone me just now, the project is still ‘hush hush’?’
‘Very much so Martin, very much so. Right then, I’d best be making tracks and I will be in touch with you, and very soon.’
I was sure that Alistair would take some sort action once I had explained to him what had been going on over the last few days. However, it never once crossed my mind that he would immediately take off and go straight back to the complex. It was pretty obvious that I had more than surprised him with my revelations.
Now what was I to do with my time? I hadn’t really thought beyond meeting up with Alistair again, and now he was gone. I pondered as to what conclusions if any the project experts would come up with, and I now eagerly waited for Alistair to come up with some good news about Caroline. I simply couldn’t wait to tell her. Yes I’m sure that it would be good news, whatever it was.
Uncertain about how the next few days would unfold, I decided that in between my pottering in the garden and repairing my Lancia, I would spend a few hours on the Internet and see if I could spend my money on a boat. My parents had introduced me to my lapsed love affair with all things nautical. However, in spite of my love of the water and boats, I simply never had the time to further my passion over the last twenty years or so. So that’s what I would do, check out how I could get back into it, as well as the costs involved.
As I considered boating again, a rather odd thought came into my mind. A couple of years ago my mother had died in a boating accident, and yet in the other dimension where I had been the other Martin, she was clearly still alive. Assuming that I once again returned to the project and did another run into another dimension, would I possibly meet my mother again? It’s funny, the more I thought about it, the less I accepted that she was really dead. I could feel a shiver begin to go right through me.
I realised that I was being completely sucked into this now familiar notion of travelling into other dimensions. Would I meet my wife Caroline again? How about, taking tea again with my dead mother? Very strange indeed…or at least it should be, and yet it now seemed quite normal to me. The more I dwelled on these strange ideas, the more it seemed that my life was becoming like the ever changing channels on a television set, the possibilities were simply endless and they could continually change – at the press of a button.
Another odd line of reasoning now came into my mind. Taking tea with my dead mother…when of course she is not dead in reality she is simply another person, and in a different dimension. What about the strange goings on with so-called mediums that supposedly make contact with the dead? Assuming that they are not frauds, just who are they really contacting? The dead? Or, as I now reasoned, are they somehow contacting the still living – but, in another dimension?
For as long as I could remember I had never for a moment believed in all that absurdity surrounding the paranormal, ghosts, mediums, and especially all of that nonsense with séances. That was before – but now? With everything that has recently happened to me, I was finding that my confused mind was now starting to entertain some very new and strange notions. Exactly just what I was beginning to accept, I wasn’t sure. On reflection, I really wasn’t sure what to believe - it was probably nothing more than my very speculative mind going into overdrive once again.
I made up my mind that I would spend the rest of the day doing some investigation on the Internet. I must have spent at least three hours sitting in front of my computer, utterly mesmerised by all the boating information that was available. Feeling that I had barely scratched the surface, I retired to bed with a book. Having had a taste of what was available on the Internet, I was pretty sure that I would spend even more time on my computer tomorrow.

Chapter Nine

I again woke to find the sun streaming through my window – it looked as if it was going to be yet another gorgeous day. I quickly showered, and while dressing decided that I would postpone my Internet activity until this evening – the day was too inviting to be stuck indoors.
I returned to working on the Lancia. I was completely engrossed the entire morning, not stopping for a moment until the phone rang just after twelve. It was Alistair. He explained that following what I’d told him yesterday, the whole project team had an immense amount of additional work to go through. Consequently he wanted me to return to the complex tomorrow morning, to which I immediately agreed, and arranged to be collected at eight in the morning.
After putting the phone down I realised that I was now just going along with everything that was asked of me. I would drop everything – and throw myself headlong into the project and this extraordinary business of dimension travelling. If I was finding it difficult trying to get a grip on reality, I only had myself to blame. I could just say no, and walk away from it all. But that’s not what I wanted. I had had a taste, and I wanted more – a lot more. But more of what? I didn’t really know, and yet just as a moth is drawn to the flame of a candle, I was getting sucked in. In a strange almost masochistic way, I also had to accept that I did not want to stop myself from falling further into this abyss.
I worked for another hour or so in the garage before going inside for my lunch. However, my mind was continually going off in all directions and I just could not settle. With lunch out of the way I began to focus on the little free time I had left at home. I reasoned that if they were indeed to go ahead with another run, and that would be in seven days time, I could well be away from home for anything up to eight days. What if Caroline tried to contact me when I was away? I had promised that I would keep in touch with her, and I did not want her to call me tomorrow only to find that I did not call her back. It’s the last thing that I wanted after my promise to her. I glanced at my watch; it was now coming up for one o’clock.  I thought for a few moments before deciding that I would jump in my car and go round to see her. At this time of day I would be there in no time at all, spend about an hour there, and I could comfortably be home by four. That would still leave me with plenty of time to sort out a few things before the day was done.
It’s funny how your day can turn out. I had been underneath my car all morning, feeling completely relaxed and oblivious to everything. Alistair then calls me and before I know it, I have committed myself to returning to the complex tomorrow morning. Then I decide to return to Cornham Hall to visit Caroline. That decision had been less than forty-five minutes ago, and here I am, turning into Caroline’s street. It was only now that the thought crossed my mind that she may not actually be in. Well, if she is out, I would simply leave her a note saying that I would be away for a few days.
As I indicated to turn into her driveway, I realised that there was a car already parked there, so I stopped on the road, leaving the driveway clear. Guessing that she had a visitor I sat for a few moments wondering whether I should go in as planned, or simply return home? After all - I was the one turning up unannounced. I decided that I would go in, even if only to say hello and that I would contact her in maybe a couple of week’s time.
As I went to knock on the door, the door opened immediately in front of me. ‘Hello Martin, we’ve been expecting you. Please do come in,’ said Kim in a rather flat formal way.
Although she spoke in a nicer manner that she had previously done in the pub, she nevertheless had ‘nasty’ stamped all over her. I did not like her rather odd greeting to me at all. Just what did she mean by, ‘we’ve been expecting you?’ How could she be expecting me, and what the hell was she up to? It also seemed strange to me that it was not Caroline that answered the door to her own house.
‘And just who is we, Kim?’ I asked in the doorway.
‘Caroline and I of course. Please do come in.’
I decided not to say anything else and walked past her to find Caroline in the front room. I heard the front door shut and Kim now followed me in. Caroline got out of her chair with a smile and gave me a short hug.
‘Hello Martin. It’s nice to see you again. Would you like some tea?’
‘Yes, it’s good to see you Caroline. Tea would be very nice, thank you,’ I replied. I glanced at Kim who was very much at home sitting down, and then I asked Caroline ‘and I believe that my visit is not a surprise?’
Caroline looked at Kim before answering, ‘I think I will go and make some tea for everyone. Please sit down Martin, I’ll be back in a few minutes.’
I sat down in the chair opposite Kim and now wondered how events were going to unfold. I could sense that there was something in the air and I knew that I was about to find out. The first thought that came mind was, why could I not just have stayed at home and enjoyed a simple life?
‘Well this is all rather nice isn’t it? You look very well Kim, seeing you here has really made the drive here worth while,’ I said with a smile.
Without hesitation Kim answered, ‘Why thank you Martin. Now I can see why Caroline has taken a shine to you. But of course, you never meant any of those kind words did you? No, you are sitting there wondering what I’m doing here. Am I right?’
My very deliberate insincere greeting to her was meant to flush her out, however it was more than obvious that she would need no prompting. She was going to come right out with whatever it was, and that was going to be right now.
Before I could respond to her, Caroline returned with our tea and a plate of biscuits on a small wicker tray. We all helped ourselves and Caroline now sat down. ‘Caroline, what time did I say Martin would arrive?’ asked Kim.
‘Ten to two.’
‘And what time did Martin actually arrive?’
‘Ten to two.’
‘You see Martin it’s like I said before, you were expected,’ stated Kim looking directly at me.
‘I expect that’s why I’m sitting here with a fresh cup of tea and some tasty biscuits, because I was expected. It’s all worked out rather well hasn’t it?’ came my response. If she was trying to impress me and get me on the back foot, I certainly did not want to show her.
‘Caroline was telling me how the two of you experienced the same dream Martin.’
‘I was under the impression that you did not believe in the strange dreams that Caroline had Kim. So why the sudden interest in me?’
 ‘Tell me Martin, how are your parents? asked Kim with a wry grin.
Her question hit me like a bolt out of the blue and for a few moments I had no idea of what to say, or why she had asked such a question.
‘My…parents?’ I said.
‘Yes your parents. Oh silly me, I’ve just remembered, your mother died a couple of years ago, didn’t she? Please excuse my insensitive question.’
For what seemed an eternity, I again sat there for a few moments not knowing what to think, or indeed, how to respond. I felt stunned and was completely dumbfounded. If she did indeed have some knowledge of any of my past or current life, the only possible explanation that I could think was that either she or the Gautier Association had been deliberately investigating me. But if indeed that was the case, why did she say what she did? The only reason I could think of was that she was trying to impress and warn me off. Is that was she trying to do, threaten and warn me off? But warn me off what, and what the hell did she know about me? I didn’t like this one bit, this was getting a little scary and rather sinister.
Before I was able to respond, she leaned forward in her chair, gave me an intense stare and said in her very serious tone, ‘You see Martin, when Caroline explained to me that you seemed to be suffering from the same, or should I say similar problems, I naturally became quite concerned for you. To the point where I judged that it may be in your best interest to spend some time with us as a guest in the Gautier Home. By doing so, we may be able to help you.’
‘Are you seriously trying to tell me that I am in some way ill, and that I need help, and that you are trying to help me?’ I quickly cut in.
‘It’s obvious that you have absolutely no idea of who or what the Gautier Association is or what it does, otherwise you would not be so hostile towards me, or what I represent. However, your hostility towards us is really of no surprise to me, as it is my experience that most of the people like yourself who…suffer as you do, do not want to acknowledge that they have a problem, and are all pretty much hostile towards us.’
‘Oh I see, so the Gautier Association uses its powers to take away the liberty of people like Caroline here,’ I answered looking at Caroline who was sitting resigned to the fact that she would have to do whatever Kim asked of her. ‘And when you threaten, or actually take away their liberty, you wonder why they become hostile?’ 
‘Don’t get me wrong, I do see it from their point of view, I really do, but…’
I did not let her finish, as I now interrupted by saying, ‘But nothing Kim, let’s stop doing the rounds, shall we?’
Kim gave me a deliberate blank questioning look, so I now continued, ‘It’s very simple isn’t it? You don’t want me coming to visit Caroline, so you are trying to scare me off by suggesting that I am in some way ill, need your help, and if I’m not careful I’ll end up as a ‘guest’ in the Gautier Home – just like Caroline. This is just one of your many scare tactics isn’t it? Nothing more, nothing less - well I’m sorry to disappoint you Kim, but your tactics are not going to work with me.’
Kim leaned forward to take another biscuit, and leaning back in the chair she smiled, looked at Caroline then back at me. ‘Scare tactics Martin, is that what you think I’m about is it…scare tactics? You clearly do not know me at all, because I can assure you that I’m always good to my word. I never threaten or use scare tactics to anybody, as Caroline can attest, isn’t that right Caroline?’
Caroline made it plain that she did not want to be drawn in this strange debate and with a blank look simply shrugged her shoulders. Standing up she asked if we would like another drink.
‘Yes why don’t you make us some more tea,’ stated Kim.
I decided to take Caroline’s offer of drinks as my opportunity to make my escape. I really did not want, or need, this absurd conversation with Kim right now.
‘Caroline, I should really be going soon, as I have a lot to do, so I’ll say no thanks on this occasion,’ I responded.
‘Oh that’s right, you’re going away for a few days aren’t you Martin?’ stated Kim.
I decided not take the bait and returned her a blank stare.
‘Isn’t that why you’re here, to tell Caroline that you’re going away for a few days - or did I get something wrong?’ asked Kim with a mischievous grin.
I was again taken aback by what was said; in fact I was definitely gob-smacked. I had only decided to come here to see Caroline a couple of hours ago, and I had said nothing to anybody. So how the hell could Kim have known I was coming here? And, just how could she have known what I was going to say to Caroline? This was a lot more than just ‘sinister.’ What Kim had said defied any explanation that I could quickly come up with.
Kim gave me one of her stares and again smiled at me before saying, ‘I know you have a lot to do Martin, and that you want to get going, so I won’t keep you any longer. Anyway, once we complete our initial investigations on any prospective guests, we usually find that we can get them accommodation in the Gautier Home in a matter of weeks. You’ll be pleased to know that our investigations with you are almost complete, so I expect I’ll be seeing you very soon.’
I returned her a chuckle as I answered, ‘Well that’s good to know, very comforting. Yes I’m sure that we will meet again…and very soon, but I somehow doubt that it will be as a guest of your lovely home.’
I got myself out of the chair and looked at them both before continuing, ‘I really must be going. Caroline, I’ll give you a call in a week or so.’
Both Caroline and Kim stood up to say their goodbyes. Caroline came over to me gave me a short hug and as she did so whispered in my ear, ‘I’m so sorry.’ As she pulled away she then said, ‘thank you for coming Martin.’
Kim pushed her hand forward for me to shake and said, ‘Always a joy to see you Martin.’
‘Your definition of ‘joy’ is very different to mine Kim, very different,’ I responded, refusing to shake her hand.
I started towards the door when Kim said to me, ‘Now do be careful when you go away tomorrow Martin, wouldn’t want you to lose your mind with…with whatever you are doing with your friends!’
I really did not know what she knew, or how she came by her information, but I was not going to take the bait. ‘You really should stop worrying about what I’m doing – you’ll give yourself an ulcer. I’ll be just fine with my friends. I looked past her, waved at Caroline and said before I closed the front door behind me, ‘Speak to you soon Caroline.’
I never once looked back as I got in my car and drove off. I did not enjoy my drive home one bit; in fact I cannot remember the drive at all as throughout the journey I constantly dwelled on my bizarre meeting with Kim and Caroline. I did not know what to make of any of it, but I nevertheless found the whole experience to be very disturbing and sinister. I did not believe any of Kim’s threats, not for one moment, but how on earth did she know what she did? I could not begin to understand any of it. Another thing that played on my mind was what she had very deliberately said to me as I left the house. Her little statement suggested to me that she knew exactly what I had been doing, and where I was going. As far as I was concerned, she might as well have been reading my mind.
Arriving home I parked the car in the garage and for a few minutes I just sat there, not wanting to get out. I was feeling completely drained – so much for my bright idea of quickly nipping out to say hello to a new friend. I glanced at my watch, it was only half three. I had come back sooner than planned. I clearly had not stayed at Caroline’s for very long – thank God for that. Amusing myself with the memory that prior to setting out to visit Caroline, I had been thinking that if I had a problem with holding on to reality, I only had myself to blame – and I here I was, finding trouble for myself, yet again.
I got myself out of the car and with my head down, slowly walked into the house. I really needed to clear my head, so I decided that I would immediately change and take myself off for a long run.
Having changed, I left the house and walked down my driveway.
‘Going running are we?’ came a familiar voice from over the road. It was my nosy neighbour, Mr Winterbourne leaning over his garden wall. If anything was going to help me get a fix on reality, it was going to be him – at least with him you knew where you stood.
‘Yes I’m going for a run and how are you today?’ I answered as I crossed the road towards him.
‘Where do you go running? He asked. This was a first. Was he actually taking an interest in me and what I was doing? 
‘It just depends Mr Winterbourne, sometimes I run along the roads, and sometimes it’s along the country paths – it’s whatever takes my fancy really.’
‘Martin, there really is no need to call me Mr Winterbourne. Please call me Gerry after all, we are neighbours.’ This was an unexpected turn around - maybe I had judged him too quickly.
We stood and chatted for another five minutes or so, before I made my excuses and left to go for my run. I had to admit that after my unsettling experience with Kim, it felt quite good to have that unexpected pleasant chat with Gerry, my not-so nosy neighbour.
I deliberately took myself on quite a long run and did not return home until gone six o’ clock. I had not managed to completely clear my head, but nevertheless, I didn’t feel quite as weird as I had earlier. One thing was for sure, I now felt pretty exhausted from my run.
I showered and decided that I would leave my boating investigations on the Internet for another time. I finished my evening with a quick meal, a quick pack of my bags for tomorrow morning, and took myself off to bed with my book. I had read for probably less than hour when I realised that I could not keep my eyes open any longer. I put my book down, turned the light off, and immediately felt myself falling asleep.

Chapter Ten

Waking to the sounds of some farm machinery trundling past the house, I glanced at my bedside clock to find it was just gone twenty past seven. Bloody hell, I had slept in and was due to be picked up at eight! I quickly got myself out of bed and made for the window to see what sort of a day it would be – it was really pouring down with rain and. all in all, the weather matched my mood perfectly - it was pretty dark and grim.
I did my best to ready myself as quickly as possible. However, I ended up by keeping the driver waiting for around five minutes as I wasn’t quite ready when he turned up for me, dead on eight o’clock as promised. It was the same driver as before, a large burly figure who looked to be in his late forties. He was dressed in a very official looking black chauffeur style uniform that included a hat and, in spite of the fact that it continued to pour down with rain, he was actually wearing his designer sunglasses! I had no idea if he was civilian or military, and I did actually wonder if he sported a handgun under his jacket.
Once in the car we went through the now familiar procedure with the blindfold, and then we were off. I would soon be back in the complex and be meeting up with Alistair and his team. When I had previously been taken to the complex, I recalled just how bored and frustrated I was during the drive. That was definitely not the case on this journey – not at all. My mind was now going over everything that had happened to me over the last few days.
I was still convinced that I, or to be more precise my mind, had travelled into another dimension. This had taken place because I had been part of Project DR2, under the guidance of Alistair and the rest of his team. When I had travelled into the other dimension and met or became another version of myself, I found that I was married to a very confident woman called Caroline. After the experiment, or the ‘first run’ as everybody referred to it, I then remarkably find myself meeting the same, albeit a different more timid and disturbed Caroline, in my own dimension. 
No matter how strange or weird all of these events seemed to me, I could nevertheless now accept that they all did take place and are real. It’s the other strange occurrences that seem to me to be completely baffling, scary, and even downright sinister.
For a start, there was the shadowy figure that I had seen when I was in the complex. On the face of it, he, she, or indeed ‘it,’ did appear to be real – even though Alistair never saw a thing when he was standing right beside me at the time. No, I really did not know what to make of that at all. It did not really play on my mind too much, and yet deep down I had this resigned sinking feeling that I would see whatever it was again, and more probably that would happen sooner rather than later.
Then of course there is that very weird sensation that I constantly get whenever I see, or get close to Sarah. It really is a most peculiar and odd feeling. In fact just thinking about it, or indeed just thinking about Sarah, begins to make the hair on the back of my neck stand on end. To make matters even stranger, I now find out from Alistair that the very same sensation is happening to Sarah whenever she is close to me. If that was not remarkable enough, she then adds that the feeling she experiences is the same as if we were once lovers. Lovers? What on earth is going on? I found it simply impossible to try and come up with any sensible and plausible ideas to reason any of this out.
It’s a funny thing, just as I was now accepting that I would again see the shadowy figure, I have also started to reason that I would very soon find out what was really going on between Sarah and myself. I was beginning to feel that I was somehow being used and moved about on some greater stage, just as a pawn is used and manipulated by its masters. Was this some kind of fate? Was I now beginning to accept that I was no longer in charge of my own destiny? It was certainly beginning to feel like that. However, that defeatist attitude was not like me at all. No, in a few days I would be right as rain, and all of this silly ‘fate’ nonsense will be behind me.
Nevertheless, I was still greatly disturbed by the various recent goings on with Caroline and that nasty piece of work, Kim. As I far as I could work it out, Caroline seemed to somehow have the ability to transmit her mind into other dimensions, or was it more likely that she was able to receive images from other dimensions? I did not know, but whatever was going on, her special abilities had ruined any possible resemblance of a normal life. That much I could up to a point understand, but it was the sinister Gautier Association and the evil Kim that I could not work out.
Kim had very deliberately made as clear as she could, that in just a matter of days from our initial meeting or, to be more precise, our initial confrontation, she had carried out some sort of an investigation on me. The only information I had given Caroline was my name and address, and yet there was Kim asking me about my dead mother. She then follows this by threatening me in no uncertain terms that through her, I could find myself as a patient of the Gautier Home. If that wasn’t enough, her parting statement to me more than hinted at the fact that she knew what I had been doing, and would be doing – with the Project? But, how could she? I didn’t even know where I was being driven to, so what the hell did she know about me, and just what where her sources for whatever she knew? I found the whole thing to be very disturbing and unsettling.
My mind was still working overtime as we arrived at the complex. I found it difficult to believe that we had arrived so quickly. Had we actually done the same journey? I suppose we must have. Anyway, I really could not wait to get out of the car and remove the awful blindfold.
I now performed a repeat of when I had previously arrived, with the driver taking me out of the car and leading me into the complex. We walked together for perhaps two or three minutes, and then at long last we stopped and my blindfold was removed.
It took a few moments for my eyes to adjust to the bright light around me – I had forgotten just how well lit the complex was. When I was able to finally focus my eyes properly, standing directly in front of me with a big grin was Sarah.
She stretched her hand out to me and together we greeted each other and shook hands. It was as we were briefly shaking hands that I again had the strangest feeling come over me. The best way I could think of describing it was that it was almost as if some form of energy had shot up my arm and had now left me with tingles all over. I could feel the hair on the back of my neck beginning to rise. My most immediate thought was, is the same thing happening to Sarah just now?
‘Come on Martin, I imagine that you must be feeling pretty tired from your journey,’ she said as she started to lead me through the corridors. ‘I’ll take you to your room so that you can shower and change if you want. That will give you around forty minutes or so, and then we can all meet in the meeting room, if that’s okay with you?’
Although I was taking in what she was saying to me, my mind was again full of activity, desperately trying to work out the very strange phenomenon between us. Knowing that she had already told the project team about us two, I decided that now would be as good a time as any to broach the subject with her.
We were now through the second security door when I said ‘Sarah, Alistair has told me what you said to him about the odd feeling you have when you see me.’
We stopped walking, and for the first time I could see that Sarah was actually looking very embarrassed. She did not answer immediately and when she did at last respond, she did not look at me directly. ‘Did he now? And I suppose he also told you that I said…’
I interrupted her and said, ‘That we were once lovers? Yes, he did tell me.’
‘Did he now?’ she again repeated in a very quiet voice.
‘I’m not too sure about once being lovers but, ever since we first met, well I have been getting those same funny feelings whenever I see you.’
A look of surprise now shot across Sarah’s face and she now looked at me directly, not saying a thing.
‘Yes, it would appear that we experience the exact same feelings, and at the same time. I was just keeping it to myself as I didn’t know what to make of it until that is, Alistair told me that it was happening to you.’
‘Oh my God and I had thought it weird when it was happening to me, and now this?’ She glanced at her watch and again composed herself. ‘Come on, this conversation will have to wait. Let’s get you to your room.’
We continued our journey in silence until we got to my room. Sarah told me that somebody would collect me at 15:00 and there would also be a small buffet in the meeting room. Apparently it wasn’t only me that was yet to have lunch. She was just about to leave when she gave me her now familiar cheeky grin, then she very deliberately leaned forward and took my hand. Holding it, she said, ‘Do you feel it too Martin?’
I knew exactly what she meant. It was as though some sort of faint energy was flowing between us. It was a hell of a strange feeling. As she continued to hold my hand I started to feel very strange and light headed, and I quickly pulled my hand away. As I did so, Sarah immediately put her left hand up to her forehead and said excitedly ‘what the…what the hell…what just happened?’
‘I don’t know Sarah, but to answer your question, yes I did feel it, whatever it was.’
‘It felt like I was on a trip…if you know what I mean?’
‘A trip?’ I asked.
‘Yes, you know a trip. Like when you’ve taken something, not that I’ve ever taken anything - but you know what I mean don’t you?’
Now I understood what she was talking about! I was certainly not about to argue. Whatever had just happened between us was wholly inexplicable. She again glanced at her watch, and her face was now a picture of complete and utter surprise.
‘Oh my god, look at the time, shit - look at the time.’
I had no idea what she was getting at and I returned her a puzzled look.
‘Martin, it’s nearly twenty to three! That means that we have been standing here for twenty, no…no, it’s more like twenty five minutes. Hell, when we were holding hands just now, twenty five minutes have just passed, but…’
‘Sarah that’s not possible, we only held hands for…, well it was definitely less than a minute, of that I’m pretty sure. No, you must have got it wrong.’
‘No, I don’t have it wrong. Just before we stopped here at your door, I checked my watch and it was coming up for quarter past two, giving you plenty of time before three o’clock. No, I don’t have it wrong. Twenty five minutes have just disappeared. Look, you get yourself ready, you really don’t have much time and I will meet you in the meeting room,’ she turned and left immediately without saying goodbye.
I looked at my own watch and realising that I had barely fifteen minutes left to ready myself, I quickly unpacked and showered. As I showered I reasoned that the first time I had checked the time myself since arriving at the complex was only a few minutes ago and consequently I could not prove, or disprove, what Sarah had said about the apparent missing twenty five minutes. However, I was pretty sure that she had got it wrong. After all, if she was indeed experiencing the same feelings as I had earlier, and it clearly looked like she had, then she more than probably had got herself all worked up and confused – she must have got the time wrong when she had first looked at her watch. Yes, that was the only explanation. It was nothing more than Sarah getting herself off balance followed by a bit of a panic.
Just as I was finishing putting my training shoes on, there was a knock on the door. I checked the time; it was dead on three o’clock – or 15:00 as they always said in here. I opened the door to find a fresh-faced soldier who could have been no more than twenty years old.
‘Mr Chalfont?’ he enquired in typical military fashion.
‘That’s right.’
‘I’ve come to escort you to the meeting room, please follow me.’
I had already decided that it was best not to make any idle chit chat with any of the military people in the complex. As far as I was concerned none of them knew how to hold any light-hearted or meaningful conversation down here. And so we arrived at the door of the lift that would take me down to the meeting room. We had not said a word or exchanged glances until we arrived at the lift door.
‘This is where I leave you Mr Chalfont,’ he said as he entered a code into the door enabling it to open.
I stepped into the lift and said goodbye to him as the lift doors closed between us. The lift descended, stopped and as the doors opened, I saw the meeting room directly in front of me. I took a step forward and was immediately greeted by Davila who had just got out of her chair and was now walking towards to me.
‘Martin, it’s wonderful to see that you’ve returned to us,’ she said with her big welcoming smile.
I quickly went round the table and greeted, Sarah, Paul, Alistair, and of course Davila. This was beginning to feel rather pleasant and familiar. In fact I was actually looking forward to working with them all again. It was only as I began to get seated that I noticed the buffet, laid out on the table in front of us.
Alistair saw me looking at the food and said in his loud jovial voice, whilst giving me a slight thump on my back, ‘Tuck in Martin, don’t be shy, come on, you must be hungry. I know I am,’ as he finished talking he immediately started helping himself.
On the table was a pretty grim selection of sausage rolls, quiche slices, those silly cocktail sticks with ghastly looking bits of cheese and pineapple on them, some cooked sliced meat and a few ‘interesting’ salads here and there. There were also some bread rolls and a couple of bowls of crisps.
Everybody was now diving in and helping themselves like there was no tomorrow. The spread in front of me looked pretty miserable - to the point where I was beginning to work out what was actually safe to eat. I finally settled on a few bread rolls, a couple of croissant looking things, some crisps and some ham. I decided to give everything else a miss - I judged this as the best course of action if I wanted to survive the day and to enjoy the rest of my life! We finished helping ourselves to the food and drinks and began to tuck in. It was Davila who spoke first.
‘So Martin, how are you feeling after your journey today, not too tired I hope?’
‘A little weary Davila, but not too bad.’
 ‘Good, because we do have a great deal to discuss with you. I’m sure that you are aware that the only reason that none of us here had our planned one or two day’s leave, is because of what you told Alistair.’
‘I did rather gather that – I hope I haven’t ruined anybody’s plans?’
‘Oh I wouldn’t worry too much about that. Working on this project we are all used to an awful lot of unsociable hours. I’m afraid it comes with the territory. Anyway, with so much to do we have delayed our lunch so we can have it with you and get straight down to business if that’s alright with you?’
‘That’s why I’m here Davila.’
‘Good, we’ll eat up and get started in about five or ten minutes then.’
For the next few minutes silence descended over the table as we sat and ate the food. I was just thinking that I was glad I had not helped myself to the quiche, as the food I had chosen was very definitely so-so, when I noticed somebody else coming into the meeting room. I never stopped eating and I could just make out through the corner of my eye that whoever it was had now stopped just behind where Davila was seated.
I noticed Sarah turning her head and looking up to see whoever it was, and that prompted me to do the same. I looked to where I expected the figure to be, and there was nobody there! This was just like the last time, when I was previously in the chamber looking at the floating ball with Alistair beside me. I looked at Sarah and noticed she was doing the same as I was doing. Together we were glancing back and forth between where we were both expected to see someone, and looking in disbelief at each other. I could feel a chill go right through me, but this time it was different – this time I knew that somebody else had seen it as well. What that meant to me, I had no idea.
‘What has got into you two?’ asked a puzzled looking Paul.
‘You didn’t see it?’ asked Sarah.
Alistair and Davila had not been aware of anything until Paul had asked his question, and they both now exchanged questioning looks across the table.
‘Didn’t see what?’ responded Paul.
‘You saw it didn’t you Martin? I know you did,’ said Sarah.
‘I certainly did. Alistair, I, or rather we, have just seen that weird shadowy figure again. It came from where the lift is, walked towards us and then stood just behind Davila. When I looked to see who it was, there was nothing there, just like last time. Is that what you saw Sarah?’
 ‘Exactly the same - and it was just like before. It’s more than just unsettling - it’s bloody scary. And none of you saw anything at all?’ asked a very animated Sarah.
‘That’s bloody incredible,’ exclaimed Alistair. ‘I’m beginning to think that all these weird occurrences seem to happen around you Martin, I really do. Well I can tell you that I never saw a thing. What about you Davila? I take it you were not aware of any strange ‘presence’ behind you?’
‘No, I wasn’t. You know Martin, I think I have to agree with Alistair. Strange things do seem to happen around you, you know that? I mean, you’ve only been here for ten minutes and events are…are turning out to be surreal or strange already!’
‘I didn’t know you had seen that figure before Martin, when was that? Nobody told me about it,’ asked Sarah, looking around the room with a puzzled look.
Before I had the chance to answer her Davila now responded, ‘Sarah, with everything that has been going on over the last few days, I really should have told you earlier, rather than leave it until now as I have – so I apologise. When you told us about the shadowy figure you had seen, it was in fact the very same description that we had from a former construction guy that was working on the chamber during the construction process. I’m sure you can appreciate that we took the decision on both those occasions to keep it quiet due the secrecy of the complex, not to mention the project itself. However, only a week after your sighting, Martin saw the same thing when he visited the chamber with Alistair.’ Davila now paused and took a small drink before saying, ‘It was and still is our intention to discuss this phenomenon whatever it is, alongside all the other strange goings on, in this meeting that we are about to start.’
‘You must lead quite an interesting life Martin,’ said Paul in a very tongue-in-cheek manner.
‘I had a normal life until, that is, I came here and joined the project. It’s everything that has happened – and continues to happen to me ever since I first visited that I can’t work out. I just hope that you guys have some answers for me.’
‘That’s what we are all here for Martin. Let’s see if we can get some answers, and a better understanding to some of the strange phenomena of recent days,’ replied Davila in a much more business manner. I could tell that she wanted to get the meeting going by the change in her tone.
Davila controlled the meeting in her customary firm manner, and she probably did most of the talking as well. Together we discussed at great length all of the events that had taken place both inside, as well as outside of the complex. Our discussion must have easily lasted between three to four hours. It was peppered with the usual drink breaks beside the wretched drinks machine, whose only purpose in my eyes, was to keep your hands from getting numb from the cold.
Just as Davila looked as though she were beginning to draw things to a close, I said very seriously, ‘Davila, we have discussed pretty much everything that I am aware of, but there is still one more thing that I have yet to tell everybody, and this only took place yesterday.’
I had everybody’s undivided attention for the next fifteen minutes or so as I then went into all the detail that concerned the evil Kim and the sinister Gautier Association. The room fell into complete silence for what seemed an eternity when I finally finished talking.
‘What a wicked bitch that one is!’ said a straight-faced Sarah before adding, ‘Just who the hell does she think she is? What a cow!’
‘I don’t really know what to say to that, not at all. I make no secret of it to you all, that from what Martin had said to Alistair, I had already instigated an investigation into this Gautier Association, whoever they are. Now, as that investigation is already under way, I think it best that for now that we just park that one. However, after what you’ve just told us, I’ll see what I can do to move things along with a bit more urgency,’ replied Davila.
‘I have to say Martin, and I know I have joked about this before, but all of these strange events do seem to be centred around you – it really does seem like that. It’s quite remarkable,’ exclaimed Alistair.
‘Does anybody have any theories as to why it’s only myself and Martin that experiences that weird sensation when we see each other? And, why it’s only the two of us that sees those strange shadowy figures? Anybody?’ asked Sarah.
Silence again fell upon us all as nobody answered for what seemed ages. It was Paul who now answered.
‘There is of course the possibility that these shadowy figures are indeed travellers from another dimension as has been previously suggested. Now, if we assume for just now that they are, it begs the question, just what are they doing here? Are they observing what we are doing, or are they trying to manipulate events?’
‘What do you mean by manipulate events?’ asked Davila.
‘I think we can all readily accept that we are going into the unknown whenever we send somebody’s thoughts into another dimension. None of us here really knew what would happen with the first run. However, there are a few things that have taken place that seem to defy any logical explanation at all.’
‘You’ve got my attention Paul – don’t stop now,’ interjected Alistair as he leaned forward in his chair as if to hear better.
Paul looked in my direction and now continued, ‘I simply cannot begin to fathom out how Martin is sent into a different dimension, and once there, he actually sees his very own car in the first magazine that he happens to buy. Explain that one if you will. Then of course it gets even stranger. On Martin’s return to our own dimension, he then in a manner of speaking meets Caroline again and she then recognises his car, this time from one of her so-called dreams! Now I know that coincidences do happen, but these two events?’
‘So when I say to you that events could have been manipulated, that’s what I’m talking about – it’s like the whole thing has been stage-managed.’
‘Are you trying to suggest that these shadowy people are directing which dimension we are sending Martin to?’ asked Davila.
It was now Sarah who now suddenly spoke out in a very excited and animated manner. ‘Yes of course! You know you could well be onto something there. After all, we have absolutely no control over where the MDT is going to send Martin. We simply don’t understand enough of where the transmissions go, so who’s to say that somebody else could not interfere, or for that matter, actually direct what we are doing?’
Unlike my earlier meetings that I had been part of, I was actually able to follow, and for the most part understand, what was being said, and I decided that now would be a good time to join in.
‘I know that you are only theorising about our shadow friends, but I have to tell you that if these people are really manipulating our travels into the other dimensions, well I can tell you that it does not fill me with any confidence – whatsoever. Because if they are doing as you suggest, then I doubt very much that they are doing it just for the hell of it. They must surely have some sort of an agenda. The only question that remains is - what agenda? Just what is their agenda, and could I, or any of you for that matter, come to any harm?’
There was a few moments silence after I finished and then Alistair added, ‘I wonder…I know we are only speculating…but I just wonder, if it’s possible that there is some sort of a connection here between being able to see these shadowy figures and that unexplainable connection that very obviously exists between both Sarah and Martin?’
‘I did rather wonder that myself,’ admitted Davila before adding, ‘but for now, all it is only speculation – that’s all.’
‘It’s the first thing that crossed my mind Davila, but just how we would pursue this line of reasoning, I really don’t know,’ exclaimed Paul.
Davila now stood up and said as she stretched herself a little. ‘It’s just gone half six, apart from looking into the missing twenty five minutes that Sarah spoke to me about just before we started the meeting, I think we have for now discussed as much as we reasonably can. I suggest we break for now, have some dinner and meet back here for 20:00. We can then spend another hour before we finish up for the day. All in agreement?’
Her question was again one of her now-familiar directives, and everybody agreed and began to leave the table. I was more than happy that we were at last having a break; I felt that my whole body was going numb and stiff from just sitting there so long in the cold, as well as having to suffer those horrible, uncomfortable chairs.
As I stepped into the lift with everybody else, I had another one of those ‘flash visions’ from when I was the other Martin. Just as before, it was such a strange experience and I could not really see or understand what had just flashed across my mind. However, I knew straight away that it was connected to my time as the other Martin - no doubt about it. It’s funny, I had almost forgotten that these flashes had bothered me before, and unlike with the previous events, this time it never disturbed me at all. In fact I was desperate to try and focus on what I had briefly seen, but it all happened far too quickly, and at best it only left me with a briefest of feelings – feelings I just didn’t understand. I couldn’t wait for the next vision. Maybe then I would be able to catch even just a glimpse of what it really was.
As we reached the canteen, I realised that nobody around me had noticed that anything peculiar had happened to me – why would they? That was reassuring. The last thing that I wanted was to begin reacting strangely in front of other people whenever these flash visions took place.
I noticed as we took our food to the tables that as Alistair and I sat at one table, Davila and Paul did not join us, but instead, sat at the table beside us. Meanwhile Sarah chose to sit on her own, three tables away from us. I didn’t know why she wanted to isolate herself, but I was nevertheless quite relieved that she was not at our table. I found her presence quite unsettling at the moment. Now that I thought about it, she must be just as disturbed as I was – that was probably why she had decided to sit way from me.
We all ate in relative silence for around twenty minutes. Just as we were in the process of finishing our meals, one of the soldiers from the complex went over to speak to Davila, who was clearly looking extremely interested in whatever was being said.  The soldier had something in his hand, which he pointed to several times and together they conversed for three or four minutes, and then he left as quickly as he had appeared.
 After eating, we immediately made our way back to the meeting room.  I was feeling rather tired and if I was honest with myself, I really could not be bothered with any further discussions today. At least I could console myself with the knowledge that Davila had promised us all that it should be no more than about an hour.
As we entered the meeting room I decided that unlike the others, I would immediately sit down, rather than head straight for the drinks machine. Sarah had done the same, and was now sitting directly in front of me.
‘Not cold enough for a steaming, hot coffee Sarah?’ I asked.
‘Not brave enough! You want to know something strange?’
I returned her a blank look.
‘Whenever I’m in the lift, just before we get into the meeting room, the first thing that comes to my mind is to get myself a hot drink – I always do. But this time, well something funny happened in the lift. No sooner had the thought of getting the drink come into my mind, when…when you told me that you were going to give it a miss as the drinks are so horrible, and that we’ve only got to survive a one hour meeting.’
‘Sarah, I never said a word to you when we were in the lift.’
‘No you didn’t, but your mind did – like it was telepathy or something. You also said that you could not be bothered as you were too tired.’
Sarah was giving me a hard stare across the table, this was her serious stare and it now started to make me feel uneasy again. On the one hand her stare convinced me that she did believe in what she had just told me, but then on the other hand, I was now getting that same peculiar feeling whenever the two of us are close together – and it was this thought that now gave me that all-too-familiar chill that went right though me. In fact, now that I began to think about it, she was right. She had just repeated back to me everything that I was thinking in the lift just before we arrived. Nobody has ever done that to me before. Is she somehow telepathic as she suggested?
‘That is bloody strange…’ my words trailed off as the others started to take their seats at the table.
‘Now that we are all fed we can continue, and I’m sure that your all going to be more than interested in what I have just found out,’ announced a very energetic looking Davila. She looked round the table to gauge our reactions. She now started to stare directly at Sarah and me.
‘Just before we started our earlier meeting, Sarah had explained to me what she had just experienced with Martin.’ She again looked around the room before continuing, ‘She told me that as she was saying goodbye to Martin outside his room, that they shook hands for twenty five minutes. That’s right isn’t it Sarah?’
Sarah looked a little hesitant for a few moments before she finally answered. ‘Yes, I was telling Davila that as we shook hands, a really weird, and I really do mean weird, feeling came over me, difficult to describe really…’
‘It’s as if there is some sort of a connection, like there’s an energy flowing between us,’ I quickly added.
‘Yes that’s it, Martin’s got it right. It’s like a sort of energy. Anyway, as I pulled my hand away it’s like I came over all strange and faint. If that wasn’t scary enough, I then immediately looked at my watch and realised that we must have been standing there shaking, or holding hands for nearly twenty-five minutes, but I never felt the time passing at all. It was so damn strange and scary.’
‘I have to say to everybody that I did experience the same thing as Sarah, but I don’t know anything about standing there for twenty five minutes.’
Silence descended over the table for a few moments as Alistair and Paul were now exchanging questioning glances. This was clearly the first time that they had heard any of this. Before anybody started to speak, the lift doors opened, and in walked the same soldier that had been talking to Davila in the canteen earlier.
‘Dr Lebronska, I have the recording as you requested,’ he said in a very military like manner.
‘Everybody, I would like to introduce you all to Captain Finch. Captain Finch is responsible for internal security here in the complex, and I’m now going to hand things over to him for the next few minutes.’
Without saying a word Captain Finch walked round to where the projector screen was, gave it a few adjustments, and then gave the projector that was sitting on the middle of the table a quick once over. He seemed satisfied, and now proceeded to open his folder. It was unmistakably the same one that he had earlier pointed to in the canteen when he had been talking to Davila. From the folder he pulled out what looked to be a USB stick or something similar, and he inserted it into the projector. As he picked up the remote control he began to square up to us all – he was evidently about ready to get down to business. I had absolutely no idea what this was about, and I couldn’t wait to find out.
‘Good evening folks. As Dr Lebronska said to you earlier, I’m Captain Finch and I look after the internal security here in the complex. There is actually a good number of hidden security cameras dotted around the complex, its all part of our integrated security system.  Now, I know that some of you were previously unaware of this, but I can assure you that there is nothing sinister at all about it – this is for our security as well as yours.’
We all sat in absolute silence as he talked. I can remember thinking to myself that this was the first time that I knew anything about any secret cameras. Just where were these hidden devices? In my bedroom, what about in my bathroom? Did I have any privacy in here at all? However, my mind didn’t wonder too much as the Captain continued.
‘Now earlier on today, Dr Lebronska had informed me of a rather strange incident that had been reported to her by Dr Soames. From what I understood, Dr Soames and Mr Chalfont had been standing together for a twenty five minute period. However, none of them had actually been aware of the passing of this time.’
 Dr Soames? Just who the hell was that? I had been there with Sarah. Come to think of it, I did not know her full name. Was that who she was, Dr Sarah Soames? Bloody hell, she was young for a doctor! Why the hell couldn’t the idiot Captain address us by our first names instead of being so bloody formal? I found this stupid military-speak very irritating.
‘I have examined our security records and can now show you some camera footage of the corridor outside the room of Mr Chalfont,’ he announced as he now lowered the lights and began the projector with the remote control.
There we were, Sarah and myself in the corridor both talking. It’s funny, I had not expected to actually hear what we were saying, and I had just assumed that we were only going to see pictures. As I listened to our conversation I found the whole experience to be very intrusive and unsettling. I did not like this at all. I was now sure that I had absolutely no privacy whilst here in the complex. Nevertheless, just like everybody at the table around me, I watched the film footage with absolute fascination. After all, I really did want to find out what had really taken place earlier between Sarah and myself.
 This was the moment I was waiting for, Sarah turned to face me and grabbing my hand, she said, ‘Do you feel it too Martin?’ I was convinced, or at least fairly certain that in the next a moment or two she would then pull her hand away.
Captain Finch now moved towards the projector screen and said to us all, ‘I would like you to now take notice of the time and date-stamp in the bottom right hand corner.’ Just in case we didn’t know which corner he meant, he now used a pointer to circle the date and time. The time was 15:14. So that was the time that we first held hands. I continued to watch both Sarah and myself as we held hands. The clock had now moved onto 15:16, and still we remained as before, as though frozen in time. We were not moving at all! I found the whole experience of just watching the events unfold in front of me really surreal, if not pretty creepy.
The clock moved onto 15:17 and the Captain now continued, ‘We have checked and re-checked the recording as well as the equipment and this strange scene continues for a full twenty-four minutes until 15:38. I am sure that I do not need to point out to any of you that both Dr Soames and Mr Chalfont are as good as completely stationary throughout this whole time. Now, we can watch the whole film through to the end if you wish, or we can skip most of it, and go directly to the end. It’s your choice.’
‘No, that can be for another time Captain. Please take us to the end of the scene for now,’ answered Davila on behalf of all of us.
The Captain nodded and in only a matter of moments had forwarded the film footage to the point where the time was now 15:37. ‘Okay folks, we have around a minute then it is done. Please continue to give it your full attention.’
I can remember thinking to myself, ‘Idiot!’ Did he really think that we were not going to look at the film? Anyway, it didn’t really matter as we again continued to watch in complete silence.
The clock moved onto 15:38, and still we continued to just stand there, as though we were statues, or in some kind of weird trance. It was incredible. Then the strange scene suddenly changed, as I moved by pulling my hand away from Sarah’s, exactly as I had remembered. The room was still silent as we now watched Sarah immediately putting her left hand up to her forehead saying, ‘what the…what the hell…what just happened?’ We watched for probably a further two or three minutes before the projector finally stopped and the Captain then increased the lighting levels in the room. At last, the performance, or rather the lack of performance, from Sarah and I was now over.
I have on previous occasions watched myself on film when I had done various seminars at the bank. I can remember the odd feeling I experienced when I scrutinised my own presentations and noticed how my audiences had reacted. I had never really felt truly at ease watching my own performance on film, nevertheless it was part of my job and I just had to get on and do it. But this, this film with Sarah and myself, this was very definitely different. In fact, it was downright unsettling, so much so that I could feel goosebumps come all over me.
‘I’m going to take the film away Dr Lebronska as I need it for the archives however, I can get you a copy should you need it,’ stated Captain Finch as he retrieved the film from the projector.
‘Yes, if you could get me a copy that would be great.’
‘No problem, I’ll get it over to you first thing tomorrow. Well that’s me all done for now, any questions from anybody?’
Silence again fell across the room for a few moments before Sarah enquired, ‘I have a question. Have I got a secret camera in my room?’
Captain Finch gave a quick glance in the direction of Alistair and Davila before answering, ‘We have a lot of security in the complex Dr Soames, and a lot of that is classified, as you know.’
‘No No, I’m sorry – of course I’m aware that there is a lot of security in here in the complex, and for good reason, I accept that. But, in my room? I think I have a right to know.’
‘I would like to know as well,’ stated Paul.
‘Same goes for me,’ I said joining in.
Davila decided that she would now diffuse the situation. ‘Yes there is surveillance in all of our rooms. However, it is classed as ‘Grade Three’ surveillance. This means that it is never viewed, instead it is immediately archived. The only reason that personal footage would ever be viewed is if, security is deemed to be at risk - for whatever reason. So your privacy is not at risk, for any of you.’
‘Any other questions?’ enquired the Captain.
‘Thank you for your time Captain, you’ve been very helpful,’ stated Davila. The rest of us thanked him as he bid us goodnight, and left the room.
‘I have said it before and I will say it again, all of these incredible unexplainable events do seem to centre around you Martin,’ stated Alistair.
Silence again fell over the table. Davila tried to keep some kind of momentum going by asking, ‘Well, you have all seen the camera footage, does anybody have any sensible comments to make? Anybody?’
‘At least I was right about the missing minutes,’ stated Sarah.
‘I still don’t get it, so what did you guys feel during this time? You must have felt something?’ asked Paul.
 ‘It’s like we both said before. For what seemed to be less than a minute, it was as if there was some sort of strange energy, flowing between us. It’s not something that you can really put into words,’ I answered.
‘Yeah, Martin’s got it right. There’s no better way to describe it. It was really eerie when we stopped holding hands. That was really weird and scary. It’s like I felt…’
Davila cut into Sarah’s story as she now said, ‘Well according to the footage that we all saw, you said it was, and I quote, ‘It felt like I was on a trip…if you know what I mean?’ that’s what you said. So what sort of a trip were you talking about Sarah?’
Sarah was beginning to go very red with embarrassment, and for a few moments silence again descended across the room. Finally a few chuckles, followed by laughter from all of us now echoed around the room. 
Sarah had no idea how to respond or what to say and simply looked at the notes on the table in front of her. ‘Sarah, you should know us by now, we’re only teasing,’ interjected Alistair, as our laughter subsided.
Looking rather tired and weary, Sarah looked up and replied very slowly and hesitantly, ‘I know you lot are only having a bit of fun. It’s just that…it’s just that the whole experience, was so peculiar and damn scary – just thinking about it, let alone trying to put it into words…is…well it makes me feel horrible, it just does.’
Silence again descended over the table. There was something bothering me about what Sarah had done immediately after our hands had parted, and this prompted my next question to her. ‘Sarah, when you put your hand up to your head and looked unsteady on your feet, did you feel a bit dizzy, and unsure of where you were for a few moments?’
‘Yes I suppose that’s pretty much how I felt,’ she replied, looking directly me.
‘You see the reason I asked, is that that is exactly how I felt for a few moments when I had a flash vision when I went to Caroline’s House.’
‘Yes, now I remember,’ stated a very animated Alistair, ‘Yes that’s when you felt so strange and dizzy you rushed through her front door so you could sit down.’
‘So let me get this right, both Martin and myself see this shadowy person, we have some unexplainable energy sensation between us whenever we are close together, and now we have suffered the same, or similar dizzy experience – and that was after we stand together like unmoving statues for twenty four minutes. Is it me, or am I right to be getting freaked out by all this?’
 ‘It would appear that as the days and hours go by, we seem to be getting further away from what we are supposed to be doing,’ stated Paul looking at us one by one. He continued, ‘We have all worked on this project together for a long time. Our only goal was to transmit the brain waves of an individual into anther dimension. Now, it pretty much looks like that we did manage to do that – first time out. Nevertheless, we now seemed to be getting bogged down with discussions about sinister organisations, the weird experiences of first Martin, and now our own team member Sarah. Let’s also not forget when I had earlier suggested that the first run had all the hallmarks of being ‘staged managed.’ 
‘I do agree with what you have said Paul – up to a point. However, I am sure that you will also agree with me that we do need to properly discuss all of these strange events. After all, it would appear that they are all connected with this project. So we do need to talk things through so that we all understand what is going on. Just so long as none of us forget that we are all here to carry on with the work and aims of the project,’ answered Davila very formally.
For a few moments silence again fell over the table before Alistair said, ‘I have to tell you all that I cannot even begin to understand or to explain those missing twenty four minutes. It simply defies all explanations. As does that strange connection between Martin and Sarah. None of it makes any sort of sense and I fear that we could end up talking in circles for ever without getting any sensible answers.’ 
‘Okay, it is as good as nine o-clock and I think we should draw things to a close for now and get some well deserved shut-eye. Here is my suggestion, how about we all do nothing tomorrow morning and meet up at 14:00 to continue our discussions? That way we can all have a bit of time to ourselves, and hopefully that may give us a chance to clear our heads as well as giving us some ideas so that we can further this more sensibly. How’s that sound?’ asked Davila.
‘I think it’s an excellent idea. However, I fear that we still may not be able to further any of this by just talking about it – we simply don’t have any data or hard facts to go with,’ responded Alistair.
‘You could well be right Alistair, all the same, before we discuss advancing the project in any meaningful way, we really do need to try to understand what is going on here.  So tomorrow we shall run the meeting for only two hours – unless that is we are progressing with some genuine answers. That will leave everybody, apart from Martin that is, with two or three hours after the meeting to finally catch up with some proper work on the project. Everybody okay with that?’
We looked round the table at each other, before agreeing with Davila’s suggestion. She then proceeded to end the meeting. I was in the process of leaving the table when I asked her, ‘So what am I to do with myself in the morning?’
‘Of course, I’m sorry Martin – we do have a gym here in the complex as well as a cinema. You’re free to use them at any time.’
‘Tell you what Martin,’ said Alistair cutting in, ‘How about we do the gym together in the morning, and I can also show you the cinema. There’s a different film every day and it’s shown three times a day. Eleven thirty, four in the afternoon and the last showing is eight thirty in the evening.’
‘Fine by me,’ I replied.
‘Good man. How about I come to your room at around ten - how’s that with you?’
‘Sounds good to me, but I must warn you that it’s been a few years since I’ve been in a gym, so you’ll have to show me the ropes.’
Alistair gave me the now familiar slap across my back as he laughed, ‘It’s a walk in the park Martin, a walk in the park. Unfortunately, unlike when we go running, there will be no pub to be found at the end of it! Come on, I’ll accompany you to your room.’
We said our goodbyes, and finally we were able to escape the dreaded cold room. By the time I finally closed the door after Alistair had left me it was gone half past nine. I took my shoes off, slumped into the chair beside my bed, and turned on the television. What a day that was! How much stranger could it all get?

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

My next two days were pretty much uneventful by recent standards. Alistair took me to the gym as he promised he would – now that was without doubt a bit of a shock to the system! My whole body is beginning to ache and hurt all over from just an hour’s work out. Mind you, going to the gym yet again only yesterday was probably the killer. I really don’t know how Alistair managed to talk me into going two days in a row – at the first opportunity I will definitely have to pay him back for that one!
In the afternoon I attended the meeting with the rest of the team – it was a complete and utter waste of time. Absolutely nothing was achieved, and nobody was able to put forward any sensible and coherent theories that would shed any light on any of the recent weird goings on.
Was I really surprised? If I was honest with myself, not really. However, I was nevertheless disappointed and greatly frustrated by the fact that in spite of some very clever and able experts surrounding me, there was nobody here that could really help me to understand recent events. Just what was behind all these events that have caused my life to have so quickly turned upside down? Davila’s solution, whilst not ideal, was very simple. She suggested that by further investigating the data from the first run, as well as advancing further with the project itself, some or all of these strange events should hopefully unfold and become more explainable.
So it was decided – the team would continue to work their way through all of the existing data. Additionally, they would also continue with their preparations for a possible second run. It was explained to me that due to the enormous power requirements of the MDT, they had to plan very carefully ahead when they would do the dimension transmissions. This planning meant that they had to reserve the power at least a full two months in advance. If the team did not go ahead with any of these planned runs for whatever reason, then these reserved slots were lost, and would not be replaced. The team only had four slots booked, and the next run was in four days – that is always assuming that it would be authorised by Davila.
 Earlier this morning Davila had invited all of us for a business breakfast in the canteen. Apart from Alistair, this was the first time I had seen or spoken to anybody else in the team for two days. The meeting itself was less than an hour and was very informal. The first thing I noticed was that Sarah was her usual self again - very bubbly - and her provocative teasing smile had returned. Sarah, like the other members of the team, was only talking about the project in positive tones – with no mention at all about any of the earlier unsettling events.
Davila explained to me that Sarah and Paul had made a very important and significant breakthrough in how the MDT would work during the next planned run. As I knew only too well from my previous experience of the first run, when I met or became the other Martin in the other dimension, I effectively became and lived as the other Martin. I myself had absolutely no control over what I thought or did, as my own conscious mind got buried deep within the subconscious of the mind of the other Martin. That much we all knew and understood. Sarah and Paul had apparently devised a plan that would change how the MDT would transmit my brain waves on the next run. The way I understood what had been explained is that when I connected the next time, my conscious mind would not get buried - resulting in us both being consciously aware at the same time. Whilst I did understand up to a point what they had told me, it did nevertheless prompt a question from me.
‘Just so that I’m clear on this, assuming that I agree and you authorise the next run, the next time I connect to another one of me, we will both effectively have two separate conscious minds in our heads. Isn’t that going to result in complete and utter confusion between the two of us?’
‘We have considered that scenario, of course,’ replied Davila. ‘However, on balance we don’t think that it should really be too much of an issue, as you Martin, will be in a position to fully understand what is going on, and can therefore communicate to the other Martin just what is going on. Don’t let’s forget, that the way we are planning the second run is really how we envisaged the first run would go – so this has all been thought through and planned.’
‘And do you intend to go ahead with the second run Davila?’
‘We are not decided yet. We are of course all working towards that goal – that’s why we are all here. However, there still remain a few uncertainties after the first run, and we also need to ensure that the MDT can be recalibrated as Sarah and Paul have determined. If and when we can overcome these challenges, then yes, we will then proceed with another run – and hopefully with you on board Martin.’
‘I hope you appreciate that whilst I do want to do this – I do mean that, I am nevertheless reluctant to commit myself at this stage, and I’m sure that you can appreciate that. What if I say no? You must surely have somebody else that can take my place and sit in the chair?’
‘That will be me Martin,’ answered Sarah.
‘It’s no Martin that we have a lot of volunteers to try their hand at dimension travelling, and should you decide not to give it a go at this late stage, well we have decided that Sarah can have a go,’ stated Davila looking straight at Sarah.
I looked across the table directly at Sarah. She returned me one of her familiar teasing smiles before saying, ‘Like everybody else here Martin, I hope you do decide to continue with us – but given the chance I will gladly sit in the chair. I mean who in their right minds wouldn’t?’ she finished with a joyful expectant rub of her hands accompanied with another big smile.
I could see Davila thinking for a moment or two before saying to me, ‘There is another reason that we got you as an outsider to get involved with all this. You see there is another factor involved here that I never previously explained to you, and that is security. Now we all know that you are very intelligent and quick thinking, indeed if you were not, you would not be here. However, no matter what you know about this project and no matter what we have told you, you nevertheless have absolutely no knowledge of any of the basic principles of any of the workings of this project. Am I right?’
‘You know that to be true Davila.’
‘Now, just supposing that we had sent one of our team into another dimension, and they then connected to a sinister version of themselves. The last thing that we want is for that person’s sinister twin to then somehow be able to get hold of our knowledge of the project, and for them to use that for their own personal gain or indeed, even against us – do you follow what I am getting at Martin?’
I thought for a few moments before replying, ‘Are you suggesting that you consider it a possibility that whoever travels to another dimension, could find themselves in some ghastly sinister dimension, where only evil perverted acts take place? Because if that is the case, then that’s not the way I previously understood it.’
‘No, that’s not what we think at all. All I am trying to put over to you is that we do take our security here very seriously, hence all of our very elaborate precautions. What is the possibility of a traveller from here connecting to some evil twin in another dimension, and then for that twin to somehow use their new knowledge in some wicked way? None of us can answer that one with any real certainty. It does nevertheless remain a very, and I do mean very, remote possibility. As we did consider this remote possibility to exist, we were reluctant to use one of our own team on the first run. I am sure you understand our logic on this matter Martin.’
‘I think I am beginning to. Basically you used me, as you knew I didn’t understand anything about the project. Is that also why I wasn’t told anything about the power source down here?’
‘Well, it’s certainly part of it.’
‘So what has changed your mind about sending one of the team?’
‘From the data we have from the first run, as well as your descriptions, we feel that we don’t really need to be too concerned with that particular security element any longer.’
I looked around the table before addressing my next question at Alistair, ‘Okay, if it’s all right for Sarah to stand in for me if I don’t want to have anything more to do with the project, what am I still doing here? Why do you want me for the second run?’
Alistair was again waving his glasses in front of him as he answered, ‘It’s very simple Martin. You see, all the data and feedback from the first run is from you, and you alone. If we are then able to use the same person and that’s obviously you, and once the MDT has been recalibrated and used a second time, then I’m sure you can see the value in comparing the data and feedback. For us to be in a position to analyse both sets of data from the same person, well it’s going to be invaluable. That’s why we, no…no that’s why I, want you to do another run with us. I know and understand that you are undecided at this point in time, however, hopefully now you understand and appreciate why you’re still here.’
‘I couldn’t have said it any better,’ added Davila. ‘I hope you have at least come to trust us, so that when we say we would like you to do another run with us, we do genuinely mean it, as well as us having sincere and honest reasons behind everything that we say to you. Now that’s been clarified, let’s get back down to the fun part shall we?’ she asked whilst fixing me with one of her serious stares. Her stare may have been serious, but for some reason I was sure I could detect a mischievous smile.
I returned her a blank stare, she then continued, ‘Martin, the next run is scheduled three days from now, so including today we have four days still to go. If it’s okay with you, I would like you to stay here in the complex throughout, so that if you or any of us have any questions we can then talk them through. However, I really should point out to you that should you stay, your next few days could be pretty boring for you, as we will all be busy making our preparations for the next run. So, the decision is entirely yours.’

*    *    *    *    *    *    *

I had stayed of course, just as Davila knew I would. My last three days were pretty uneventful and mostly tedious in comparison to recent events. Nothing out of the ordinary happened to me – nothing weird, in fact I was beginning to almost feel normal again! Apart from our meeting first thing this morning, I had only one further meeting with them all throughout the whole time. The rest of my time was spent by going to the gym, the cinema, and reading.

So here I find myself, patiently sitting in the dentist chair ready for yet another adventure in some other dimension. They explained to me in this morning’s meeting that once I connect to another different Martin, this time I should not lose my conscious mind as I had on the last run. Once again, I would be connected for only one minute. However, just how long I would actually be in my new world was anybody’s guess. 

I had thought this through, and I really wanted to do this, even though I knew that it might well unsettle me for a few weeks, possibly even months afterwards. I must be utterly mad! However, I have already decided that this is very definitely going to be my last run – I will tell them all on my return. I would then return home and finally move on with my life.

Sarah now came towards me with the syringe in her hand. She gave me her familiar teasing smile before asking, ‘Ready to do it Martin?’
‘Just do it Sarah – and I will see you all again soon.’
As she gave me the injection, I again had a rather odd sensation go through me, not from injection, but I knew that it was from Sarah.
‘Did you feel it too Martin?’ she asked me in a very matter of fact way.
‘Yes I did, same as before,’ I answered.
She smiled at me before saying, ‘It doesn’t really bother me anymore. I don’t know why. Anyway, you close your eyes and enjoy the ride.’
I watched her walk away and noticed everybody else around me all very busy at their various workstations. I could now begin to feel my eyes rapidly getting heavy and with the strange sounds of the machinery all around me, I could no longer keep myself awake.

Chapter Eleven

‘Do you feel it too Martin? Do you feel it too Martin? Do you feel it too Martin?’ I kept hearing the same question, over and over in my head. I slowly opened my eyes to get my bearings – surely the voice in my head must have been from my dream? As I awoke, or thought that I awoke, there was Sarah, standing right in front of me. There was definitely something very odd going on, but for the moment I did not know really where I was, or what the hell was going on. I tried to look around, but to my disbelief and horror, I found that I was completely paralysed and unable to move at all. It slowly dawned on me that I was actually shaking hands with Sarah who like me, was standing there, completely motionless. The only sensation that I was aware of, was that it felt terribly cold, and then I began to remember.
This strange scene that I found myself in, this is the very same that both Sarah and myself had experienced when we were standing together for twenty four minutes outside my room – but wasn’t that… days ago? How can this be? No sooner had I begun to try to try to reason out what was going on when I saw, just for an instant, what I can only describe as a vortex of swirling fog appear right in front of me. The moment this fog appeared I immediately started to feel faint and I completely blanked out.
I could again feel myself waking up. However, I decided that before opening my eyes, I would try to remember where I actually was. I could clearly remember Sarah giving me the injection in the complex, falling asleep and then…waking up in that really weird scene. Did that really happen, or did I just dream it? Where was I now? I could hear the sounds of cars very close by, and the faint sounds of people talking. It felt as though I was sitting upright. I began to slowly open my eyes.
Now, I had a surprise! I was sitting behind the steering wheel of a car, and was a Porsche! I’ve never liked the bloody things, and there I was behind the wheel of one. I looked around to see where I was. It looked like I was parked in a motorway service station. I had obviously fallen asleep in my car, or at least, I assumed that this was my car.
 I again started to look around the inside of the car, before lifting my hands to look at. Yes they were my hands, and then I looked at myself in the mirror. Well, that was me – no doubt about it. I had a good look above my eye and, unlike the time before, there is no scar there. I was definitely a different Martin. So that made three of us. There was me, the last Martin I had been, and then there is this Martin, whoever he was. The last time I had done this I could remember waking up in Caroline’s bedroom, absolutely terrified of where I was. This time was different. This time I knew and expected to find myself in a place that I did not know. How long would I have to sit there before the other Martin’s conscious mind made some form of contact with my own? I did not know, but I did expect that experience to be very confusing.
After sitting in the car for perhaps fifteen to twenty minutes, I had yet to experience anything strange, and I still knew exactly who I was – I had never expected this at all. I decided that I would get myself out of the car to stretch my legs, and to walk around a little. It was only after I had got myself out of the car that I really noticed what I was wearing. This Martin was very flash. I found myself in a very fancy expensive designer suit, with expensive chunky cufflinks, and silk tie, as well as fancy shoes. I looked at my new watch – it was a Rolex and it was definitely genuine. I did not know what this Martin did for a living, or how he had come by his money, but he was rich, and he liked to show it. What a bloody show off! I myself was pretty well off, but I had never dressed in clothes like these – I wondered who he really is?
I took myself off to the men’s toilets so that I could have a good look at myself, or this new Martin, in a proper mirror. And there I stood - what a strange sensation, looking just as I always had done, except for my new ridiculous clothes. I didn’t feel flash at all. In fact, I felt that I was more like a clown. I really did feel most uncomfortable.
I walked back to the car. This was damn funny, I was still me, but in this other Martin’s body. This was not how it was supposed to be. So what on earth was I supposed to do if I stayed like this? I looked at the car – another problem, I couldn’t just stay here. I had to drive the car somewhere, but where? For a start I didn’t even know where I, or rather, this Martin lived or worked. Was he even married?
Realising that I felt thirsty, I started to walk towards the café, before stopping abruptly. Money? I felt in my pockets and pulled out a large fat wallet from my inside jacket pocket. No problems there! Whoa - this guy was loaded – I had never seen this much money in a wallet before. Was I a drug dealer? I chuckled to myself with the thought that I was in the body of drugs dealer, or was he a hit man? Maybe he was a pimp! I delved deeper into the wallet, pulling out numerous credit cards, all embossed with ‘Mr M Chalfont.’ No secret names in there, only my name, but no clues to where I worked or lived. I sighed and decided to get myself a drink now that I knew I was okay for money – but I was still no further forward with who I really was.
I got myself a coffee and sat down in the café. Sipping my coffee I remembered the really odd sensation I had experienced as I crossed into this dimension. It definitely seemed very real, that weird connection with Sarah, just standing there, not moving. Was it all real? Did it really happen? Or was it just a dream, before waking as this Martin? It certainly felt real, but if it did happen for real, what did it all mean? I didn’t know. It was all so very wearisome, and then of course there was now my new predicament. There I was, giving not me, but this other Martin a drink of coffee? Did he even like coffee? This really was a strange situation to find myself in. Just what was I supposed to do?
With my coffee finished, I aimlessly headed back to the car and just as I reached for the door I heard a mobile phone inside the car stop ringing. I wondered who had tried to call me? I was intrigued. I got in the car and picked up the phone to look at. It informed me that I had missed one call, and there was one text message waiting for me. I had not thought about going through the contact list in the phone before, and so that’s what I did next. Strangely, I found that there were only two numbers saved. One was ‘Home,’ and the other was ‘Office.’ That did not really help me – I could hardly phone my own office and ask for directions, and what about phoning home? Who was I going to speak to, and what would I, or could I say?
I accessed the text message and frustratingly only a number was displayed with no name. I decided that I would open the message. It read ‘where are you? Missing you…deeply xx.’ I laughed to myself, just who was missing this Martin? Should I reply? I thought about it for a few minutes. After all, if I were to answer, I could really be interfering with somebody else’s life. However, I couldn’t help myself, and typed in the reply, ‘Will make it up to you. Missing you too.’
I had no idea if this Martin would have answered this message, maybe he didn’t even know her. Maybe it wasn’t even a she! I laughed again before finally pressing ‘send.’ Oh well, what the hell, it was just a bit of fun!
I opened the glove compartment to find a bundle of business cards – brilliant, just what I needed. They all read ‘Pannikin Instrumentation.’ And there was me, ‘Mr M Chalfont, Sales Director.’ So that’s who I was – a Sales Director, and clearly a successful one too! However, most importantly as far as I was concerned was the company’s address. ‘Pannikin House, Connaught Close, off Tamara Road, Kenwyll.’ So that’s where I worked, all I had to do was to work out where I was, and then somehow get myself to Kenwyll, wherever that might be – I had never heard of it before.
I again sat there thinking what I should do next; I couldn’t really turn up at the other Martin’s work could I? What about trying to find my way to where Martin lived? If I was not going to do any of these things, then what? I had not noticed at what time I had become this other Martin, but I was more than sure that it was well over an hour, and yet I was still me.
Just then the phone beeped, there was another message waiting to be read. I picked up the phone. Should I read this message? I had already been just a little mischievous by sending a cheeky reply back to a private message that was not meant for me. I reasoned that if I did stay as me inside this other body, the only way that I might get some answers to my current predicament was to grab at any opportunity that might come my way. This could be just one of those opportunities – I would read the message. Once again there was no name, only a number to say who had left it and I couldn’t remember if this number was the same as the last. It read ‘Darling, I need you back at the office…I want you xx.’ I sat there thinking for a few moments. Was this my, no not mine, but the other Martin’s girlfriend back at the office? It did not look like the sort of message sent from his wife…so he probably wasn’t married – or maybe he was! I didn’t know. Should I answer this message? It was very tempting, but I shouldn’t really, should I?
I got out of the car and made my way to the shop in the services. I stopped and looked at the top of a newspaper. It was Friday, the same day as when I left. I wonder why the guys on the project always sent me somewhere on a Friday? Who knows? Who cares? Then I found what I was looking for, the road map on the wall. It was one of those maps that for some reason boasted where all their other motorway service stations are located around the country. I never understood that one. Anyway, for once it was now doing something useful as it showed me exactly where in the country I was. I was parked in a place called North Bridgecoat, now I had heard of that and I knew just where I was. I made my way over to where the road atlases were being sold, and quickly located the small town of Kenwyll. I reckoned it to be about an hour and a half away and, before putting the road atlas back on the shelf I memorised the route.
Having returned to the car I was again at a loss to really know what I should do next. I was keenly aware that I could not just stay here, and realistically could not drive myself off just anywhere. In fact the more that I sat here doing nothing, the more it was going to impact on the other Martin’s life. Whoever had sent Martin the text message had sent it from his office, and it would seem that he was expected back. I looked at my expensive Rolex, it was ten past two. If I drove to the office, I would be there easily before four o-clock. By the time I got there, the other Martin may have got his conscious mind back, and if he hadn’t, well I would have to think about the problem then.
I picked up the phone and retuned the text message, ‘Be there in 90 minutes. See you soon.’ Well, I might as well have just a little more fun! I just hoped that I wasn’t returning messages to one of Martin’s stalkers – I really had no idea!
The car engine roared into life as I turned the ignition key, and for the first time I began inspecting the instrumentation in front of me. And there it was - a Sat-Nav. I fiddled with it for three or four minutes until I worked out how it functioned. I carefully entered my destination. Brilliant, I would let my new toy take me to my new office.
My journey was very uneventful and, as far as I could make out, my new world that I was now living in was just the same as where I had come from. The Sat-Nav had done its job and I now stopped the car. There in front of me was my new office, Pannikin Instrumentation. It was quite a large modern building – it certainly had the appearance of being a wealthy company. I took a deep breath. I was still me, lost in this new world. I was beginning to come to terms with the fact that I may well remain like this for some time, maybe even for all the time that I remained in this other dimension. If I drove into the car park and walked into the building I was certainly going to have to think on my feet, and very quickly. That was about the only advice Davila had given me before proceeding with both runs, ‘To think on my feet.’ I made up my mind, I would go in. I could feel my heart starting to pound that little bit faster. 
I drove into the car park and quickly found my own reserved parking bay. I began to walk towards the entrance of the building. My heart was really doing its stuff now as I could feel it pounding away. The large automatic doors parted as I reached them. There was about a further twelve feet to walk, and then the second set of automatic doors parted, letting me through. There on the other side of the doors was the security man waiting to evict, or greet me.
‘Good afternoon Mr Chalfont, isn’t it a lovely day?’
I looked at the nametag above his pocket before replying, ‘It certainly is Roger, let’s just hope it remains like this for the weekend,’ and I purposefully walked past him towards the reception desk. I can recall thinking to myself, ‘That’s one down!’
Sitting behind the desk was a woman who I reckoned to be in her fifties with a face that did not tell me if she was going to be friendly, or just plain difficult. Just before I got to her desk she answered the phone. ‘Good afternoon, Pannikin Instruments, Anne speaking, how may I help you?’
After she finished dealing with the call I said to her, ‘Good afternoon Anne, any messages?’
‘Nothing here for you Mr Chalfont, I think Sarah must have got them all for you.’
‘Good, do you know if she is still here Anne?’
I could see her thinking for a moment before answering, ‘I am pretty sure that she is still in your office.’ As she finished talking, she pointed up.
I could only assume, and I hoped, that she meant my office was upstairs. ‘Thanks Anne,’ I replied as I turned and made my way towards the stairs behind the desk.
I walked up to the first level. Damn, there was a second floor, so where is my office? I began to search this floor, looking at all the names on the doors. Only some of the doors had names on them, this could turn out to be very interesting indeed. Unable to find a door with my name on it, I now made my way back to the stairs. I had almost reached the stairs when I heard a voice behind me.
‘Martin, I didn’t think you’d be back today.’
I spun around to see a total stranger in front of me, dressed in a smart business suit. He obviously worked here, and he clearly knew who I was.
‘Well you know me, can’t keep away from work, that’s what it is’ I answered him.
He winked at me and smiled as he replied, ‘Of course it is. I believe your office is another two flights up, I’m sure you have a lot of work to catch up on! Anyway, I’m away home – you have a good weekend.’
What was all that about? ‘Yes you too,’ was the only thing I could think in reply as I quickly turned and made my way up the stairs. 
As I slowly made my way up the stairs I could feel my legs beginning to feel heavy and I was getting rather light headed – what was I getting myself into now? Maybe I should just turn back now. It was a mixture of thinking, ‘So far so good,’ ‘That was too bloody close for comfort,’ ‘My office is on the third floor, when I had only assumed there to be two floors,’ and, ‘What the hell was that cryptic answer from the man that I didn’t know all about?’ I could still feel my heart pounding away and now here I was, on the third floor. There are only two doors. One marked ‘Private’ and the other door marked ‘Mr M Chalfont, Sales Director.’ I stood at my door for a few moments, hoping that once I entered the room, I would finally start to get some clues to the other Martin’s life.
I opened the door, and stepped through. I found that I had actually entered a small reception area, and to my right was the door that led to my office. To my left was a reception desk, and on the front of the desk was a nameplate. It read ‘Miss Sarah Soames.’ I was stunned, and simply could not believe what I was looking at. Anne on the main desk had told me that ‘Sarah’ had got all my messages. Was this the same Sarah? It had never crossed my mind for a moment. It’s funny how so many things can go through your mind within just a matter of seconds. The very first thing that entered my mind was the relief that Sarah was not at her desk. I then began to reason that Sarah was not only Martin’s personal secretary; she was in fact much more. It would seem that she was also his girlfriend, and if that were true, then that’s who had been sending those silly text messages. I also quickly concluded that some, if not all, of the staff knew of this affair going by what my colleague had said just a minute ago down-stairs.
Then it dawned on me, Sarah and I having an affair, no not I, but this other Martin, this is exactly what the other Sarah had said in my own world. She had said that the feeling she had whenever we were in close contact was as if we were once lovers. What an extraordinary thing, how could I begin to reason that one out? I heard the door to my right begin to open, and turned to see who it was.
‘Martin, where have you been?’ enquired Sarah. She stood in the doorway, dressed in a very sexy business suit, although judging by how short the skirt was, I was not entirely sure that you could really call it a suit. She was just as I remembered the other Sarah, very sexy and very sultry. I realised that I was going to have to think very quickly on my feet – this was going to be more than interesting!
‘Sorry I’m a little late Sarah, how are you?’
‘Much better now that you’ve come back to me. I’ve got your messages on your desk Martin. Shall I go through them with you now?’
‘Good idea,’ I said following her into my office. I noticed that she not only closed the door behind us, but she also locked it as well. Just as I was about to pass Sarah to get to my very expensive looking chair at an even more expensive looking large desk, she grabbed and embraced me. We then passionately kissed each other as we held each other tightly. I was enjoying every moment of this. It was as though I was on autopilot. I was just getting carried along with all of Sarah’s leads, and after all, I was only doing what the other Martin would be doing, wasn’t I?
We finished kissing and then Sarah stood back a little before saying, ‘I know your text said that you would make it up to me Martin, but that was some kiss!’
‘I like to keep my promises,’ I responded as I now completed my journey round my desk and sat in my chair. Sarah sat in the chair on the other side of the desk and I could see she was trying to compose herself after our embrace a moment ago. I didn’t know about her, but the only thing on my mind just now was Sarah. In fact, I was unable to have any coherent thoughts about anything else at all.
‘Where shall we start? asked Sarah, trying her best to look like she was now my secretary.
‘I’ll let you fill me in.’
I listened to Sarah going through her notes for around five minutes. I did my best to look interested and tried to judge when it was best to nod and acknowledge what she was saying to me.
‘And that’s about it Martin,’ she said getting out of her chair. She now slowly walked around my desk and very deliberately sat on my knee so that I could see as much of her legs as possible. I could feel my heart beginning to race again. This other Martin was a lucky bastard! What an incredible life he had, what a sexy girlfriend, and what sexy long legs she had! She took my hand and placed it high on her thigh and then she leaned forward and once again we kissed. I was again getting carried away on autopilot - this sure as hell felt good. 
Before I even realised what I was really doing we had made mad passionate love on my large desk. Several items had flown off the desk and were lying on the floor. I can remember thinking that I was not really doing anything wrong - I was simply living the life of the other Martin. I might as well enjoy it, and I was doing just that! As we were both dressing, I could not see how I could have got myself a better deal. There I was having an affair with a gorgeous sexy young girl, and there was absolutely no danger of any come back on me at all, because it wasn’t really me! What a deal, this was going to be great! I just hoped that I didn’t finish my time in this world too quickly. An amusing thought went through my mind. This was more than likely going be very embarrassing to the other Sarah when I begin re-telling my adventures on my return!
Sarah came up to me and kissed me on the cheek before saying, ‘Thank you Martin. So what changed your mind then?’
‘About what?’
‘You know just what I mean,’ she responded. I returned her a blank stare, and she added, ‘You know, your little golden rule – no sex in your office. So what changed your mind?’
‘Your legs Sarah…I just couldn’t help myself.’ As I replied I realised that without thinking or realising it, I was actually changing what Martin did and didn’t do. Mind you, I really didn’t think that what I had done would really impact greatly on his life. After all, they were definitely a couple and clearly in love with each other.
Sarah was now busy gathering up all the items that had very unceremoniously fallen to the floor from my desk.
‘Oh dear,’ she exclaimed in a very insincere manner. ‘I’m afraid the glass has broken on your favourite picture,’ she said as she passed the picture to me.
I carefully took the picture from her and turned it over, and there was Caroline. It was a picture of both Caroline and myself, looking like the perfect couple. My heart started to sink. Was this my wife? Was Sarah just my bit on the side? I looked long and hard at the picture before again looking at Sarah.
‘Martin, why do you have to put up with her?’
I knew right then from Sarah’s tone and mannerism, that Caroline was my wife. I didn’t feel quite so any more. Not after what I had experienced with the other two Caroline’s. It was becoming very clear to me that I was having quite a serious affair with Sarah. What I didn’t know, was how I related to the Caroline in this world.
‘Haven’t we been through this before Sarah?’ I was sure that we must have discussed this before.
‘I know Martin, I know. It just doesn’t seem fair that’s all. We both know that she doesn’t love you. The quicker you can leave her the better, then we can be together, all of the time. Do you really have to go back to her tonight?’ as she finished talking she came over and again embraced me. She started to kiss me before saying, ‘We could be together tonight.’
I returned her kisses and replied, ‘There is nothing I would want more Sarah – you know that, but it’s like I said before, I really do have to go back this weekend. I will make it up to you. I promise.’
She sighed before resting her head on my chest, and I began to slowly stroke her hair.
‘I know it’s not fair on you, and for that I apologise. We will get this sorted out, but I must go back this weekend. I suppose we should be finishing up now,’ I said glancing at my watch. ‘It’s just gone five.’
We kissed and cuddled for another few minutes before we said our goodbyes, and finally she left for the weekend. I returned to my chair and just sat there for a good few minutes, looking blankly into space contemplating yet another difficult situation I was in. Why does it always seem to be so damn difficult and complicated with all these different Martins? I was now beginning to understand why Sarah and I had shared that weird connection in my own world. Well no, I didn’t understand, but nevertheless it must surely have something to do with the relationship between them in this world, mustn’t it?
If I could begin to get my mind round that one, what about this strange triangle of relationships that also took in Caroline? The very fact that I could interact with three different Caroline’s as well as two different Sarah's in the way that I had, and was still doing, seemed to be beyond any form of logic, or at least it did to me. It was as unexplainable as finding my very own car in the very first magazine that I bought when I did the first run. None of this made any sense at all.
I carefully went through the desk drawers for ten or fifteen minutes, and at last I found what I was looking for - my own address. At least I knew where my house was. Finding the address was the easy bit. All I had to do now was to decide what I was going to do next.
It could have only been about an hour ago that I had been having the time of my life with Sarah right there in the office, on my desk. In fact just thinking about our brief time together was still putting a smile on my face. I was really looking forward to the rest of my time here in this world, but now everything seemed to have gone pear-shaped and horribly complicated - yet again. I suppose on balance I really should go back home to see Caroline. I really didn’t know what to expect. Did she know about the affair? Maybe she was the unreasonable party in all of this, just as Sarah had indicated. However, I had this nasty nagging feeling that the only guilty party here was this new Martin – me. From what Sarah had said to me, and the way she had said it I was convinced that Martin had been screwing Sarah and promising her the earth, and that also included telling her he was going to leave Caroline for her. Judging from the fancy show off-clothes that he wore, I was sure that I knew who this Martin was – he was a bit of a bastard, and that included his attitude to both Caroline and to Sarah. Of course, I could have got it completely wrong, and the only way to find out was for me to go and meet Caroline.
I left the office and got back into my car – the Porsche. The very fact that he was driving this car should have warned me about him from the start – not to be trusted! It had got quite cold outside, and there was also a little drizzle in the air. The weather was very much like my mood - pretty miserable and dark. I again input my new location into the Sat-Nav. At least this device knew where it was heading, unlike me who was totally lost in a strange world.
Before I set off on my new journey, I remained sitting in the car for a few minutes reflecting on what I had just done. I had managed to fool everybody, and nobody had for a moment suspected that it was me, and not the ‘real’ Martin. I had handled that pretty well I thought. Yes, it definitely did make me feel pretty good and more positive. There was certainly no doubting that I had enjoyed my time with Sarah. That was some experience, and now I simply couldn’t stop thinking about her! It was only now that I could think back on it that I realised that I had not at any time, had any weird or strange feelings when I was in her company. I had no idea what that really meant, but it was duly noted, and would be reported on my return. The project: I wondered how much more time I would have here in this world before I returned?
Before driving out of the car park, I noticed that it was almost six o-clock. I wonder how far away I lived? I didn’t really care, and although I was feeling fairly relaxed, I had to contemplate how I was going to have to handle my next adventure - meeting Caroline. I just knew that it was going to go horribly wrong. When I was back in my own world I had been looking forward to meeting up with Caroline again, even though I realised that it was going to be a different person. But now, after I knew that this Martin was having a very serious affair with Sarah, well it has changed everything. It was funny, in spite of the fact that I knew that there was only one Caroline and one Sarah in my own world, and that I had no relationship with either of them, I was nevertheless finding it very difficult coming to terms with my own emotions. I had no idea what to expect, or how to act when I finally reached my new home. How many homes did I have? I began to realise that my ‘what if’ imagination was getting a little too weird, and so I determined to concentrate on my driving instead.
The traffic was pretty grim and very heavy, more so in the driving rain, and I had also forgotten about the wretched Friday evening rush hour. However, my little Sat-Nav did a wonderful job, and it eventually informed me that I was entering ‘Merton Close.’ and there was my house, number seventeen. I parked the car on the driveway directly behind the car sitting there already. Was this Caroline's car? I turned the engine off and glanced at my watch as I got out of the car. It was now half past seven. I looked at the front door, and my heart was again starting to pound away. I really did hope that this is where Martin lived, if I had got it wrong, this was going to be very awkward and difficult.
I looked around so that I could take in what sort of housing Martin lived in. I was fairly certain that most of the houses around me were built in the seventies, and they all looked to be three or four bedroom detached houses. It was clear that this was an affluent area, and the more upmarket cars sitting in the driveways all shouted ‘money.’ So, Martin had an expensive car, expensive clothes, an expensive house, and judging from his job title and size of office, he was very successful in his current job. Successful with the ladies as well!
I looked at the keys in my hand. It was obvious which one was the car key, but which was the front door key? There were three other keys on the key fob. I was sure that I could dismiss one of them, so that left me with a choice of two. I approached the door, and had to look very hard to find the lock on the door, as it was getting quite dark. I found it. Now all I had to do was try one of the keys. I inserted the first key and turned it. I could feel the lock turning, and with a click, it unlocked – success! I pushed open the door, and stepped into the well-lit hallway. I closed the door behind me, with a rather loud thud. Was there anybody home? In the background I could hear what I assumed to be the television in the room to my right. That’s where I would start.
I walked into the room that was clearly the sitting room. My eyes were immediately drawn to the very expensive set of brown leather chairs, as well as the expensive-looking large television sitting in the corner of the room. Nobody here then. I started to take in the room. It was a large sitting room that was ‘themed’ with a Spanish feel. They had clearly spent a lot of money in this room. I walked up to one of the pictures so that I could give it a better look.
‘Hello Martin,’ came the voice from just behind me. I knew it was Caroline, I recognised her voice immediately.
I spun around and there she was. I could feel tingles going right through me - she looked so much like the first Caroline I had briefly known. She was very well dressed, radiated confidence, and she was really very pretty.
‘Hello Caroline. How was your day?’ as I finished my question I moved forward to kiss her on the cheek, but she deliberately moved her head away. I knew in an instant that there was something wrong, but what?
‘My day was just fine Martin. Just what do you think you are playing at?’
I did not know what to say, I didn’t know what she was getting at. However, I could pick up very quickly the very negative attitude aimed in my direction. I returned her a blank stare.
‘And how was your day Martin? Did the office bike manage to keep her hands off you, just for once?’ came the bitter response from her.
Bloody hell – just what the hell had I got myself into? So it wasn’t only the rest of the office that knew about the affair. How long had Caroline known? Where were we with our relationship? I had absolutely no idea, and I really was at a loss as to what to say next. I only had myself to blame. After all I could have stayed away, but no – I could not keep away and I had to drive here to see Caroline. Now she wanted some answers, or was it an argument? It didn’t matter, I had to answer quickly.
‘My day was pretty good Caroline thanks for asking, it was only work, and nothing else.’
‘Of course it was. You know your trouble Martin? You don’t know the difference between business and pleasure, that’s your problem. And I know you, working in the same office as her, don’t even try to tell me that it’s over. You also forget Martin that I know when you’re lying to me.’
‘Caroline I really don’t know what you expect me to say to you.’
‘Good, then why not try saying nothing then. At least you won’t be lying for a bloody change!’
‘Can’t we change the subject?’ I asked really more in hope. 
Caroline gave me a very long ironic look before replying in very angry tones, ‘And change it to what Martin? What would you like to talk about? When was the last time that we really sat down and talked together? I know, I have an idea - lets not talk about us at all Martin, why not talk about Sarah? You remember, Sarah the girl that was made to be your secretary, when apparently she cannot even so much as type a letter. So tell me, what is it like to be working in the same office, with the very same girl that only last month you went and did the dirty to by breaking off your little romance? It must be very difficult and awkward. The poor girl, she must have been so upset when you told her that it was really me that you loved and that you could no longer go on seeing each other. All those months that you were screwing each other. Remind me again Martin, ah yes you were screwing in her flat, in your car, oh yes and let’s not forget in our bed upstairs. I bet she really got a thrill out of that one! And God knows what goes on in your office, very little work I suspect. All those stolen little moments when you whispered sweet nothings in her ears, all those little gifts, all for nothing as now it’s over. She must be absolutely heartbroken. But why should I really be so upset with her, when it was you all along. But we are not going to talk about us, are we Martin? You would rather change the subject, but to what? What shall we talk about?’
‘Caroline I know I have been selfish, inconsiderate, all of those things and…and I suppose I have been a fool and a bit of a bastard towards you. I know these things, and for that I am sorry, I really am. I cannot turn back the clock, I wish I could. The last thing I wanted to do was to hurt you. I don’t expect you to forgive me for what I did. I also know that saying to you that it really is over between Sarah and me and that I really am sorry is not going to resolve anything between us. I know these things Caroline: I just wish I knew what I should do now.’
I didn’t like this new horrible scene that I found myself in, however, I did realise that I was not really part of it. I could therefore really say or do whatever I wanted, and be safe from any fallout from whatever I had said. I had also quickly come to terms with what was really going on around me, and it was just as I had originally thought. This Martin was lying through his teeth to both Caroline and to Sarah, and he really wasn’t overly concerned about any of the repercussions. So, I had apologised to Caroline as best as I could, on behalf of the other Martin. I was sure that he would never offer such an apology in the way that I had. At least when I said I was sorry it was genuine, in a very strange roundabout way.
I looked at her who in turn was now staring back at me. I could see her thinking for a moment or two before she said in a much calmer voice, ‘Sometimes I really don’t understand you at all.’
I was now sure that the other Martin had never apologised to her, she was clearly surprised, if not actually taken aback by what I had said. I watched her as she sat herself in one of the chairs to watch the television.
I needed a little space, and so I said to her, ‘I’m going to have a shower.’
She looked in my direction and answered, ‘Okay’ before turning back to watch the television, at least she had stopped snapping at me! I left the room and went upstairs to find a change of clothes, and to also find where the shower was.
I found the bathroom right at the top of the stairs. There were four other rooms to investigate. I felt as though I was snooping in somebody else’s house and that I had no right to be there. In fact on reflection, that is exactly what I was doing, and it made me feel quite uncomfortable.
I opened the first door, this was strange I never expected this, it looked like a children’s room. I went around the room looking at the various movie and pop star posters that were pinned to the walls. I could tell by everything in the room that this room probably belonged to a young girl. Who was she? Did we have a daughter? Wow, it had never crossed my mind that we might have kids. I had only recently accepted that I was married. No - this I had not been prepared for. I wondered where she was? I wondered what she looked like? I sat on the bed so that I could take in everything in the room and then I saw it, there was her picture beside the bedside clock radio. I picked it up to look at her. I had no idea how old the picture was, and I could only assume that it was her. She had the biggest grin on her face, and had a large Mexican hat on her head. She was sitting upon the back of a beautiful white stallion that was flanked by Caroline and myself. The proud parents? I looked even closer at her; she was without doubt Caroline's daughter. I could see it in her eyes and cheekbones, even her smile. I didn’t know if I was the father. I wondered what her name was? I turned the picture over and pulled the photograph out of its frame. She had written ‘Cordoba, Spain, 2011. Mum, Dad and me. Great holiday.’ I returned the picture to its frame. The picture was only a few months old then, and I reckoned that she must be about nine, possibly ten. I walked over to the messy desk and found several school books to find she had written the same name on each of the inside covers, ‘Pauline Chalfont.’
I left the room and opened the door of another room. I knew straight away that this must be our room. Before investigating any more rooms, I decided that I should really find my clothes and then have my shower. I looked around the room and found a very welcoming en-suite bathroom. Perfect. I couldn’t wait to get showered and have a few moments of peace and relaxation.
It took me ages to find the clothes that I wanted, but at last I had them, and I also found myself a towel. Caroline came into the room and asked, ‘Shall we get a Chinese in?’
‘Yes, good idea.’
‘Fine,’ was her reply as she left the room.
Then it hit me. Chinese food on a Friday - that’s just what the other Caroline and Martin had done when I had done the first run. How strange. They had a different house, this Martin was very different to the first Martin, there was a daughter in this world, and yet they still had Chinese food on a Friday.
I got myself undressed and went into the shower. I stood there for ages waiting for it to get hot, but it never did. It just remained icy cold. I kept fiddling with the stupid controls, but try as I might I could not get the damn thing to work. I was getting really pissed off and I was bloody freezing.
‘Are you mad or what?’ Caroline shouted behind me. I turned around to face her.
Realising that I had nothing on, I held my towel in front of me, completely forgetting that we were married. ‘I can’t get any hot water!’ I replied.
‘Of course you can’t, it’s broken. What’s wrong with you? It’s not been working for weeks!’
Shit! Now what was I going to say? There was only one thing I could say, ‘Bloody hell! I had forgotten Caroline, I don’t know what’s come over me. I will go and use the other shower,’ I said wrapping the towel around me as I walked past her to get to the bathroom. I could see her questioning looks as I walked past her.
I got this shower going and began to finally relax under the hot steaming water. This was some bloody adventure I had found myself in. The quicker I returned to my own world the better. There were far too many complications in this one for my liking. It was difficult enough having to tiptoe around Caroline, and now I might have to do the same with my daughter, Pauline. I wondered where she was? How much more difficult is it going get?
I thought back to my time back at the office with Sarah. Now that had been good, should I feel guilty about what happened? I don’t know really. However, there is one thing that has been playing on my mind. Is it possible that the other Martin was trying to distance himself from Sarah, only for me to get the wrong idea and end up by making matters worse? I just didn’t know - how could I? I realised that the longer I remained here and interacted with all of them, the more I would end up actually interfering with their lives. I knew this was very wrong.
I finished showering, got dressed, and hesitantly made my way downstairs to find Caroline preparing the table in the dining room. I was convinced that whatever I said or did in front of Caroline, was going to land me in even more trouble. However, I knew that hiding was not an option, I had to face this and now. I would just try my best to be as diplomatic and helpful to Caroline as I could.
‘Would you like me to go and get the takeaway Caroline?’
She stood and looked at me in a very puzzled way ‘Martin, you have been acting like a different person ever since you came home. I don’t know what it is, but it’s bloody weird. I can’t put my finger on it. First, you come home and your mannerism no… no, your body language is completely different to normal. Then, you forget that our shower is not working, work that one out if you will. And now you ask if you should go and get the food. I have already ordered it by phone, and it’s on its way, just as we always do. What’s got into you Martin?’
‘I don’t know Caroline, I suppose I must be tired or something.’
She leaned across the table a little so that she could address me directly, ‘Martin, I hope you’re not trying to play one of your silly games…’
‘What do you mean by that?’
‘You know just what I’m talking about. Trying to look a little lost, looking for a little sympathy from me. Is that your game?’
‘Of course it’s not. It’s like I said, I must be a bit tired I…I don’t know, but I’m not play acting’ was my bumbling response.
Caroline now stood upright and fixed me one of her stares before replying, ‘I just hope so Martin, because I’ve had just about had my fill of your crap and…’
The doorbell rang - thank goodness. Caroline left the room to get our newly delivered food. Saved by the bell!
Why me? Why did I have to land in this new ghastly world? Why is it that each time I travel to another world, I end up by somehow upsetting Caroline? I can clearly remember parachuting into enemy territory during the dream sequence given to me back in the lab. That all seemed so easy, and it was pretty much child’s play in comparison to the predicament I was now in. I really could not wait to return to my own world and normality and the sooner the better.
I could hear Caroline in the background preparing the dishes. I had no idea what I should be doing to help, so I decided that it would probably be best to stay out of the kitchen, and harm’s way.
She appeared with our food and started to put the dishes onto the table. ‘Martin, the wine?’
Oh bloody hell! And just where do you keep the wine in this house? That’s what I really wanted to ask, but I knew that was out of the question. I was already in enough trouble. This was getting worse and worse by the minute. I could only assume that the wine was to be found somewhere in the kitchen, and where would I find the bloody corkscrew?
‘Yep, I’ll go fetch the wine,’ I replied marching into the kitchen. The kitchen wasn’t too big - where shall I start? I could hear Caroline walking in behind me.
‘Martin it’s getting cold, what are you doing?’
‘I’m getting the wine – you did want wine?’
‘Are you trying to piss me about or what? You know that the wine is under the stairs – God I’ll get it myself,’ and she stormed out.
Resigned to my fate, I slowly made my way back to the table. As I began to take my seat at the table, she reappeared with the wine, and corkscrew in her hands. ‘I’ll open it,’ she said looking at me as though I was completely bonkers. I decided that I would not say anything more about anything – just shut up and eat.
Caroline poured the wine for us both and we now started to eat in complete silence, which pretty much suited me. As far as I was concerned, the less said by anybody the better. It was definitely a lot safer that way, especially as the atmosphere around the table was pretty grim and serious. We were not quite the happy couple that I had seen earlier in the photograph in my office. We must have been about half way through the meal when I began noticing Caroline giving me some funny intermittent stares.
‘Everything okay Caroline?’
‘Have you done something to your eyes Martin?’
That was a strange question, what on earth was she getting at now?
‘My eyes?’
‘Yes your eyes. Now I realise what’s different about you since you came home. They’re different, there’s something funny, or not right about them. I can’t put my finger on it, but I’m sure about it.’
Then it came back to me. The first Caroline had also commented that my eyes were different, and now this. Maybe this Martin somehow had my eyes now? I didn’t know, but it must be something like that.
‘Well I feel fine Caroline, maybe it’s just because I’m tired. In fact I think I will turn in after dinner and take a book to read in bed. I could really do with an early night.’
Caroline was giving me her puzzled look once again, and shaking her head at me she silently returned to her meal. With the food finished, I had the last of my wine. I had it all planned. I would leave the table, take my plate to the kitchen, find myself a book, and head straight for bed.
‘What time shall we leave tomorrow Martin?’
Tomorrow? Now that was a bloody good question, and I knew that my answer whatever it was was going to get me into even more trouble. 
‘I hadn’t really given it too much thought. What time would you like to leave?’
‘Well I promised your mother that we wouldn’t be late for lunch this time, so just to be on the safe side, I don’t think we should leave any later than half ten.’
My mother? Was I going to see my mother tomorrow? I had completely forgotten about that. I could feel tingles going right through me as I came to realise that I could actually see my mother again. Was I pleased? I didn’t really know…
‘Martin? Are you okay?’
‘Yes? Oh…yes, I’m fine. Tomorrow, yes half ten. How long will it take?’ Oh shit, why did I ask that stupid question? I wasn’t thinking was I?
‘How long will what take?’
‘No it’s nothing Caroline. It’s okay, I was just daydreaming that’s all.’
Caroline stood up and started to take the plates into the kitchen. Before she reached the doorway she stopped and looked round at me, ‘I don’t know what the hell has got into you,’ and then she disappeared through the doorway.
I left the dinning room and walked into the sitting room. Where had I left my book? I glanced round the room, yes - there it was, on the speaker. That’s where I had put it down a couple of evenings ago. I picked it up and looked at it’s cover, ‘Fifteen Tents and a Mountain,’ yes, quite a funny book, and just what I needed right then. Taking the book with me I made my way to the kitchen to find Caroline.
She was about to go out the back door with the rubbish. ‘I’m going to bed now Caroline. Goodnight.’
She barely looked in my direction as she replied, ‘Night, Martin. See you in the morning,’ and then she disappeared out the back door. I left the kitchen and started to make my way up the stairs.
Bitch! Instead of making my life a misery, why can’t you do us both a favour and step out in front of a lorry? I could then be with Sarah, at least she understands me, and we have great sex together.
I got to the top of the stairs and made straight for the spare room. After firmly closing the door behind me, I got myself comfortable in bed and picked up my book to read. What page had I got to? I scanned a few pages, yes - page eighty-seven. I had barely begun reading before I slowly closed the book and put it down.
What the hell was going on? Where was I? I looked around the room. How did I get in here? I began to retrace my steps. I was in the kitchen, after finding my book I made my way up the stairs. I remember thinking about Caroline and Sarah. Bloody hell…was I going mad? I never thought that about Caroline did I? Why did I think that? I looked at the book I had just put down. I really felt that I was losing my mind. I had never seen this book before – what was it doing in my hands? This was damn funny and unsettling. I knew where I was of course - I was in the spare room, banished from our room. I knew that, but how did I know that? This was getting very weird and spooky again…
After looking into space and racking my brains for a few minutes it finally dawned on me what must be happening. For just a few minutes there I had become the other Martin and, I had experienced what he was thinking and doing. His mind must have been more conscious and alive than mine for a while. Was this a sign that his mind was becoming more dominant? Was I soon going to have to view this world through his eyes, just I had originally done with the first Martin? I didn’t know, and although I could guess what was going on, I nevertheless understood that guessing was all I could do. I really did not understand what was happening to me. However, the thought that I could become this other Martin sent a chill through me. I did not like him at all; he really was a bit of a bastard.
I sighed to myself, what the hell was tomorrow going to bring? Would I wake up still stuck in this world? Assuming I remained here, would I become this other Martin, or would I remain as me? Maybe it would be both of us, just to confuse us both. I had never really thought about the other Martin before. Was he seeing through my eyes what he was doing, but under my control? Maybe he felt trapped, rather like a prisoner in his own body, unable to control what he thought or did. I didn’t know - I only wanted to return to my own world.
The door of the room opened and in walked Caroline. She was still talking into the phone, ‘Here is your father, darling yes…yes, see you tomorrow.’ She passed the phone to me. ‘It’s your daughter,’ she said leaving the room as quickly as she had come in.
I held the phone in my hands for a few seconds, not knowing what to say to a daughter I didn’t know. This was going to be very difficult and awkward, yet again.
‘Hello,’ I said trying to sound as cheerful as I could.
‘Daddy! How are you?’ shrieked the excited voice. I could only assume this to be Pauline. I did only have one daughter, didn’t I?
‘I’m just fine darling, and what about you – what have you been doing?’
‘Granddad took me to see ‘Little Guzzumby’ this afternoon. It was really great.’
Little Guzzumby? What the hell was that? ‘Did he now? And I bet Granddad bought you too many sweats as well, didn’t he?’
I could hear a girlish giggle before she replied ‘Not too many Daddy, but he did get me a little Guzzumby hat. It’s great! You want to hear it?’
I decided that this could only be Pauline so I now answered, ‘Go on then Pauline, let’s hear it then.’
‘Right, now listen carefully as I put it to the phone.’ There was a few moments silence before I heard a ghastly electronic voice saying in sickly loving tones, ‘Hello my name is little Guzzumby and I love Pauline. She is my best friend.’ There was silence for another few moments and then Pauline said down the phone, ‘Isn’t it just great Daddy?’
I could tell from her voice that this toy, or whatever it was, was for the moment the very best toy that she ever had. ‘I suppose its okay…why did little Guzzumby say your name and not mine?’
‘You’re being silly Daddy.’
‘I know, it is great darling. I just hope that you’re not going to use up the batteries too quickly. Anyway, how’s Granny and Granddad, are you looking after them?’
‘They’re fine, Granny wants to speak to you in a minute,’ there was silence for a few moments from Pauline before she then asked, ‘Are you and Mum talking now?’
Before I could answer her I realised that I would be talking to my mother again – and soon. I could again feel myself getting warmer, with my heart beginning to race very quickly.
‘Things are a little better with your Mum and me,’ I responded in not very convincing tones. I really had no idea how to answer her. I had no idea if she knew what had really been going on. Did she know about Sarah?
‘I hope so. I don’t like it when you are both fighting - I love both you and Mum.’
I took a deep breath; I couldn’t believe I was having this conversation ‘I know darling it’s…it’s not been very fair on you.’
‘Granny is here. Right, bye then.’
Before I could answer or even think to myself I immediately heard my mother in a very stern voice, ‘I just hope that you really heard what your daughter has just said to you Martin.’
‘Of course I did. Hello mum, how are you, it’s been a while?’ as I finished my response I could feel my mouth becoming very dry. It was so damn strange, I could remember her funeral as though it were yesterday, and there she was mouthing off at me over what I had done to Caroline and Pauline.
‘We are all fine, which is a lot more than I can say for you and Caroline. So tell me Martin, when you come to collect Pauline tomorrow, what kind of a home will she be going back to? The war zone that she left? The war zone that you alone created!’
‘It will be okay Mum, we are working this out…’
‘Are you Martin? I really hope that you mean what you say, I really do. I still find it difficult to come to terms with what you did to poor Caroline. If it had been me, I would have thrown you out. Your father is still so angry with you that he is making a point of not going to be here when you arrive tomorrow. And as for Pauline, well I just hope that you have really thought things through, I really do.’
‘Look Mum, I know I have created this situation, but we are working this out.’
‘So you keep telling me. Look I’m not going to talk about this anymore, and just now I have nothing else to say to you. You just think about how many people you are upsetting Martin – and get it sorted out.’ And the phone went dead - she had hung up on me!
I could feel myself smiling and shaking my head, almost as if in disbelief as I stared down at the now silent phone sitting in my hand. I just sat on the edge of the bed, starring at the open door for what seemed an eternity. I could feel a tear roll down my cheek, I wasn’t sure why. I suppose it must have been because I had heard my mother’s voice again. It’s funny, after everything that had been said to me I was actually feeling guilty about what had happened. I don’t know why, I knew I hadn’t done anything wrong - it had been the other Martin. I got myself up and closed the door. After turning the light off I climbed into bed and began to think back on my roller coaster day.
My first real memory was back in the office and what happened between Sarah and myself. It was really strange, I felt absolutely fantastic when we were having sex, and even for sometime afterwards I still felt on top of the world. I can even remember being amused at the thought of returning to my own world and then telling the real Sarah what we had done. How could I have thought such a terrible thing? I couldn’t tell her that, not only was it going to be very embarrassing for her, but for me as well. What the hell had come over me, and just what would I say when I returned? I would worry about that then; as far as I was concerned I had a lot more to worry about right then.
What on earth was tomorrow going to bring? It could only get worse for me, far worse. I could see me having to go through the motions once again with Caroline. It was pretty obvious that she despised me, and I could only guess that she had caught Martin and Sarah in bed together. How else would she have known about it? As far as I could see, the only reason that they were still under the same roof was because of Pauline. There was really nothing left for them, not now.
Then of course I would have no idea where I was to drive in the morning, and once that little problem was resolved we would then be in the same car together. What would we talk about? It was going to be hideous, and just thinking about it was making me cringe. Assuming that she had not killed me en route, I would then come face to face with my daughter. Talking to her on the phone was difficult enough, but trying to act as a father to her, for real? How was I going to pull that one off?
I would also be coming face to face with my mother, once again. Under any normal circumstances anybody given this once in a lifetime opportunity would be overjoyed. But this was different, I could tell by the anger in her voice that tomorrow was going to be very unpleasant. I could picture her waiting for me with a rolling pin. Tomorrow was going to be bad, and I knew it.
I turned over in the bed to get more comfortable, and within a few minutes I could feel myself falling off to sleep. I really hoped that when I did awake, that it would not be in the same room. The sooner I could escape and return to my own reality the better – for everybody.

Chapter Twelve

I felt myself slowly coming out of my deep slumber. Without opening my eyes, I stretched, and turned under the covers. It certainly felt that I had a good long sleep. All I had to do was open my eyes, and discover where I really was. Did I want to find out? Would I back in the lab, or would I find myself to be still in the spare room? I really wished that I had returned to the lab, and to some sort of normality.
I thought back to yesterday, Bloody hell that was without doubt one pretty grim day. Now I was sure why I had never married! This new other Martin, what a horrible guy – I really did not like him one bit. How is it possible that I could be so different to him? Caroline, poor Caroline. I clearly remember sharing the other Martin’s thoughts for just a few minutes - what a selfish bastard he was. He was deceitful, could not help himself from constantly lying, cheating on Caroline, and he certainly had no respect for her. And what about Pauline? It’s very odd, there I was worrying over a wife and daughter that were not mine, it was just so strange. Then of course speaking to my mother, or rather getting spoken to by her. It was just so difficult believing that all these events really took place. The more I thought back on yesterday’s ghastly events, the more I was desperate to find myself back in my own world. I really couldn’t see how I could get through one more day like that.
With some trepidation I pulled the covers down, and slowly opened my eyes. I was back in my room in the complex. Great – I was really back! I quickly looked around, yes this is definitely my room, and I’m undeniably back! I punched the air with joy. It was as if a huge weight had been lifted off me, and I was instantly transformed.  I could at last look forward to today. Not just today – I could at last look forward to getting out of this damn complex, and to finally get on with my own life once again. I closed my eyes again and as I did so, I could feel myself grinning with relief.
So, this time I had only been away for less than twenty-four hours, and today must be Saturday. No - it was Saturday in the other world, but I have returned here, so it was still Friday. Very confusing. I supposed that Alistair and the rest of the team would want me to stay for another day or two, that was okay – I could live with that.
Never again! There is no way that anybody is going to convince, or cajole me into doing another ‘little run’ for them. No way in hell. Doing one run was daft enough, but doing the second run, now that was plain stupid. No, I would leave in a day or two, and never return – never!
Still elated, I opened my eyes again to look around the room. In a few minutes I would get myself refreshed with a shower - I really couldn’t wait for the rest of the day. I certainly had one hell of a story to tell them all. What on earth was I going to say about what happened between Sarah and myself? I suppose I could just leave it out, couldn’t I? At the very least I could change or alter the story a little. Yes that’s what I would do - after all, they would be none the wiser.
As I continued thinking about what I should and shouldn’t say, I began to realise that there was something rather odd about me being here. This room, I shouldn’t be here, why did I find myself in this room? I should have woken up in the dentist chair in the lab - not in this room. In fact the more I thought about it, the stranger it became. I now reasoned that I should have been only in the chair for around ten to fifteen minutes, and then I should have woken up. What the hell happened? Maybe I did not wake up properly after the run, and they bought me to this room. Did they get the sedative wrong, and I simply slept for too long? It was all so bewildering and very strange. However, I was sure there was a logical explanation to this, and I would find out very soon.
I glanced over at the bedside clock to see what time it was. It read 06:20 – that was not right, it couldn’t be the morning, could it? It should have been the afternoon, Friday afternoon. So what was going on? There was something else that was strange - it was the clock. I’m sure that it was somehow different to how I remembered it. It was different, of that I was sure. I took another good long look around the room. I don’t know why, but I was beginning to think that there were subtle differences as I looked about me, but I wasn’t sure. Maybe I was just imagining it all - yes that was probably all it was. After what I had just been through, imagining that things were a little different around me was the least of my problems. But what about the time on the clock? That couldn’t be right. Something was not right…
Once I got myself showered and dressed, I was pretty sure that everything would come together and hopefully make more sense. I could remember how paranoid I had let myself get after I completed the first run – I was not about to do the same thing. I knew once I was fully awake and had spoken to Alistair and the rest of the team that it would all fall into place. I was sure, wasn’t I? I could feel a chill go right through me, and I decided to take that shower.
I didn’t know how long I had been showering, but it must have been for quite some time as the whole bathroom was full of thick steam. I could hardly see a thing. Surrounded by the swirling clouds of heavy steam I stepped out of the shower and began to dry myself. I was feeling an awful lot better already, and definitely much more relaxed. I would go and get myself dressed.
I opened the wardrobe door and was immediately taken aback at the clothes that I was staring at. These clothes were not mine. As I examined them all a little more closely it was clear that none of my clothes were here. It was only then that I realised that the dressing gown I had put on after I had dried in the shower was not mine either, it was very similar, but not mine. So what on earth was going on? Now I knew why I thought this room was a little different to how I remembered it…it was because this was not my room! I had woken up in somebody else’s room…but why had they put me into another room? None of this made any sense to me, and just how was I supposed to get myself dressed?
Was this Alistair playing some sort of a prank on me? I wouldn’t put it past him…put me into a different room, change the time on the clock. Well if that was the case he had better have my clothes ready when he finally came to the door! What else could it be? If indeed it was Alistair up to no good, it still did not explain why I had not woken up in the lab – that was very odd, and try as I might I just couldn’t get my head around that one. I checked the time again, it was just gone half seven. What was I supposed to do with myself with no bloody clothes until eight or half eight? That was the usual time that somebody usually came to collect me for breakfast. I looked at door of my room. That’s what else was different with this room, there was no wall mounted telephone beside the door. Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t even contact anybody.
I had had enough. I knew full well that I wasn’t supposed to just walk out into the corridor on my own - I didn’t care. I would walk out and wait to be accosted by one of the many soldiers. With all those secret cameras hidden away around the complex they would soon spot me. A civilian walking around in only a dressing gown and barefoot would not impress them for a moment - I would get my clothes pretty quick then, and have a little fun myself – that would teach the jokers in here!
As I got to the door, I reached out and turned the handle. It was locked! These rooms were never locked from the outside before. This was getting less funny by the minute, and I was becoming very frustrated. I banged on the door, only to find that it was so solid that hardly any noise was made. No point in trying to bang the door then. I headed back to the bed and put the television on. I had no choice in the matter - I would just have to wait for somebody to come and collect me.
I was very quickly becoming very annoyed, and frustrated, with the ridiculous situation that I was in. In fact I was so wound up, that after about twenty minutes I found that I wasn’t really paying any attention to the television at all. Realising that I was getting myself worked up, I decided to try and calm myself down by doing my best to concentrate on the news that had just started.
Was this some kind of a joke? This could not be the news. Who or what are they talking about? I had never heard of these politicians before, and I certainly did not recognise any of them. And as for ‘Ukazonne’ the company involved in the scandal, who were they? No - this was unquestionably not the real news, no way. This could only be some previously made-up news piece that was played back to me when I put the television on. This was very much like the dream sequence they had given me before I had done the first run. They had already made one false reality for me, that much I knew, so if they had done it once before, surely it would have been easy enough for them to put this film together? Was this Alistair’s doing as well? Wait till I saw him…that was another thing I would get him for!
I continued to watch the news in disbelief. It was all fabricated – all of it. It was almost as if I were watching some comedy spoof, or part of a film. Although I did have to admit to myself that it was actually very well done, but it was definitely not the news. I glanced over to see the time and it had just gone eight twenty. At that very moment, I heard the door unlock. I turned to face the door just as it was opening.
In walked a man, dressed in what looked like a white male nurse’s uniform. I had never seen him, or his uniform before. Who was he? He slowly came towards me.
‘Good morning Martin. How are you today?’
Once again I could feel a chill going right through me - I knew instantly that something was very wrong here. There was something about the very matter of fact way he addressed me, almost as though he knew me. So what is going on? I picked up the remote control and turned off the television. I sat myself up in bed so I could see him better.
‘Yes good morning. I’m as well as can be expected, thank you,’ I replied, deciding not to ask who he was, or why I was in this room. I could now see him properly as he stood about ten feet from my bed. He definitely looked as if he were some sort of a nurse. I reckoned that he was in his mid thirties, probably just under six feet tall, generously built, although not what I would call fat and had short ginger hair. He was purposely examining the notes that were on his clipboard, before looking up to give me a long hard stare.
‘It’s nearly half past eight Martin and you’re not dressed,’ as he spoke I could see him carefully studying my reactions. ‘Did you have another one of those dreams?’
This was damn funny. It was almost as if I had woken up as a different Martin in yet another different world. But I couldn’t have, could I? I didn’t know, and my mind was now going into overdrive as I thought through all the various possibilities. I was at a loss to know how I should respond, and so I simply returned him a blank stare.
‘I see. This is third morning in a row Martin. I can see that you have completely forgotten who I am, and probably everything around you. Am I right?’
‘You seem to know, why don’t you tell me.’
‘Okay Martin, we have done this before, and I’m sure it’s not going to be the last time. You’re not dressed because you think that the clothes in the wardrobe are not yours. I know this because we keep having to do this. What I will tell you just now is that they are actually all your clothes – you have just forgotten. So this is what we are going to do. I am going to leave your room and return at nine. That will give you around half an hour to dress yourself, and then we can go and get some food. We can then sit down together, and talk this through afterwards. Okay with that?’
‘Whatever,’ I replied.
‘Good. I’ll see you shortly then.’ He turned and left the room. I could hear the door lock behind him.
I could feel my heart pounding away, and I was again feeling very hot and uncomfortable. I was again utterly confused, and at a complete loss to understand what on earth was going on. I jumped out of bed and made straight for the bathroom so that I could have a good look at myself in the mirror. The steam had now gone and I could see myself very clearly in the well-lit large mirror. I now slowly prodded my face, trying to see if I could tell if I were slightly different. I had no strange scars or anything else strange for that matter, and my hair was just as it was yesterday - as far as I could tell I was exactly the same. I was me – and nobody else. No, I really could not see that I had become another Martin - that just did not seem possible.
Still utterly confused I left the bathroom and made for the wardrobe. I pulled out all the clothes and carefully laid them all out on the bed so I could get a good look at them. No, these were not my clothes. I have never seen any of them before. I gave them another good look over. They were definitely not mine, but they were nevertheless the sort of clothes that I probably would wear, and they did look to be my size. I picked out the jeans, a shirt and a jumper. What about the underwear? I knew I had to dress myself, but in somebody else’s underwear? I did not much fancy that. I pulled out some socks and some underwear. I sighed to myself, well there was not much else I could do if I wanted to dress myself was there?
I finished dressing and made for the mirror in the bathroom. Everything fitted pretty well and all things considered, I didn’t really look half bad kitted out in these unfamiliar clothes. I returned to the wardrobe to look at the footwear. I had a choice of either the brown leather shoes, or the set of trainers. I decided to try the trainers as I had jeans on. Before I put them on I gave them a good look over, and found they were not exactly what I would call new. Yuk, first it’s somebody else’s underwear, and now it’s used shoes! Refraining from giving them a sniff, I gingerly put them on.
These clothes and the trainers were all a perfect fit. I could understand the clothes, but somebody else’s old trainers? How on earth could they be such a perfect fit? That just did not seem possible, could it? I paced up and down the room trying to work out how this could be. I did not believe for a moment all that crap that the nurse, or whoever he was, had said…there was nothing wrong with my memory. There must be some other logical reason behind this, there must be. Was this Alistair’s doing? If indeed it was, I could not see how or why. It just didn’t make any sense. Nothing did, not any more.
My confused mind was quickly snapped out of its various wanderings as I heard the door behind me unlock and open. I spun around to see the same man again coming into the room. Who the hell was he, and why was he dressed as a nurse?
‘Good you’re dressed. Shall we go and start the day with some breakfast Martin?’
It wasn’t only his question to me that I found unsettling, it was his whole body language. It was as though we had done this same routine many times before. I did not like this one bit, and I could feel myself getting more and more wound up with anxiety.
‘So how do I look in my clothes then?’
‘Fine, just fine. Shall we?’ he asked as he gestured towards the doorway.
Feeling that I really had no other options, I reluctantly concluded that for now all I could do was to go along with what was being asked of me.
‘Yes, let’s get some food,’ I replied. I followed him out my room and into the corridor.
If I was confused and disorientated before, I was doubly so now. My room was almost the same as I had remembered from before, but this corridor - this was completely different. This can’t be, I must surely be in a different place. Am I still in the complex? If I had not returned to the complex, where could I possibly be?
The moment I had left the confines of my room it was as if I had stepped into another world. My room was as pretty much as I remembered from before, including the unfinished rock walls. But now I had the distinct feeling that I was walking through the corridors of some hospital. No heavy duty round steel doors here, or military personnel - this is not the same place at all. Where the hell was I, and more worryingly, how on earth did I get here?
As we continued walking through more corridors and swing doors, the more I became convinced that I was in some sort of hospital. Not only did this place look and smell like a hospital, but the man beside me was definitely dressed as a nurse – and he wasn’t the only one either. Since leaving my room we had also walked past a few other people who were similarly dressed. I was in a hospital – of sorts, no doubt about it. We turned the corner of our current corridor and I could smell food. It was only then that I realised that I was actually feeling rather hungry. The nurse beside me stopped walking and I did the same. He turned to me and said in a rather apologetic manner, ‘Martin I’m sorry, it has only just dawned on me. My name is David,’ and he now thrust his hand out for me to shake.
I paused for a few seconds before I finally did shake his hand and replied, ‘Don’t tell me David, this isn’t the first time you’ve told me who you are.’
He didn’t respond to my remark, instead he simply said, ‘Let’s go into the canteen Martin and get our breakfast,’ and he gestured for us to proceed to the end of the corridor. Following his lead we walked into the canteen. Dotted around at the various tables were differently dressed people. Clearly some of them were nurses, both male and female, and it was quite possible that some of them were doctors. Now I was sure, this was without doubt a hospital. Or was it some sort of an institution? Is that where I found myself, in an institution? Confused or not, I was now directly behind David at the food counter and my thoughts quickly turned to food. I was starving, and I decided to take the Full English Breakfast. The waitress behind the counter came over to attend to us both.
‘Morning David, and what are we having today?’
‘Give me two of your pancakes with all the trimmings please, Margaret.’
‘And how about you, Martin, just the usual?’
It’s kind of funny; I was already starting to accept everything weird around me. This strange place, standing beside me there was David dressed as a nurse, and now Margaret behind the counter, who for whatever reason seemed to not only know me, but my usual as well. After everything I’ve been through, I might as well bluff my way through this as well. I wonder what my usual was?
‘I’m not so sure Margaret. What do you think I should have today?’ I replied with a smile. After all, we were all old friends in here.
I could see that my answer had not been what she had expected. She gave me a sideways glace before resting her forefinger just below her lips as if in knowing acknowledgement. Pointing her finger at me in a friendly gesture she replied, ‘You know who you are today don’t you Martin?’
‘Were you expecting somebody else? I can go out and come back in, would that be of any help to you?’
For the first time I began to take notice of her as she burst out laughing. She looked to be in her early twenties, she was incredibly thin and must have been about five and a half feet tall. Behind her very large glasses she looked quite pretty, and I could see from the few wisps of hair poking out from beneath her catering hat that she was a brunette.
With her laughter subsiding she replied, ‘Oh you crack me up, Martin. This is the first time in nearly two weeks that you have recognised me. God you’ve had some really weird dreams. I don’t think you’re normal, but you make my day that’s for sure.’
I had no idea what was going on. Was she play-acting just like all the others here, with the intention of trying to fool and deceive me? I didn’t know, but at least I could have a little fun and enjoy myself. I glanced over at David, who I realised had been very carefully studying us both.
I turned back to Margaret as she said, ‘I think it best if you start your day off with the Full English Breakfast – your usual. How’s that sound Martin?’
That was bloody strange. When it comes to food in canteens, I don’t have a usual. So how was it that my usual happened to be just what I wanted? A coincidence? Maybe – but very unlikely though. Yet again this was beginning to turn out to be another ghastly day.
‘Sounds fine to me Margaret, and don’t forget to put it all onto David’s tab!’
She was again convulsed in fits of laughter. I didn’t think I was that funny, but at least she had cheered me up. Composing herself she said to us, ‘I’ll bring your food to your table in a few minutes when it’s ready.’
We both thanked her before we turned and I followed David to a table in the far corner. Those few moments of fun with Margaret had relaxed and cheered me up. However, as we began to take our seats my mind quickly returned to much more pressing matters. Where the hell was I? Who or what was David? And more importantly, why did I not return to the complex as planned? Maybe I did return to the complex. Was I part of some inexplicable experiment? No, I could not see how that could be. But then again, how could I begin to explain any of this?
‘Was that you just having a bit of fun back there, or can you really remember any of who you really are Martin?’ enquired David.
‘I thought you were the expert. Don’t you know?’
‘I’m only trying to help you Martin, we all are. There really is no need for any silly games. So tell me, do you know who you are?’
As much as I wanted answers to my current predicament, I did not trust anybody anymore, and that included David. I saw absolutely no reason to co-operate on his terms at all. As far as I was concerned, the less I told him the better, and if that meant being difficult to everyone around me, so be it.
‘Well, I know who I am, and not only do I remember yesterday, but I can also remember all of the rest of my life as well. How about you David?’
I could see on his face that David was not sure if I was being straight with him. ‘If, as you say you do know what’s going on, why the pretence when I first came to your room? You didn’t seem too sure about anything then. So what’s changed?’ I could see David carefully studying me before I answered him.
‘Look at it from where I’m sitting. How do you think I feel when I can’t remember where I am every day? I woke up this morning feeling just fine, no funny or weird dreams. No today I am just me, plain old normal Martin. So why shouldn’t I have a little fun from time to time. If I offended you I apologise - I was just getting rid of some frustration. You do know where I’m coming from don’t you?’
Before David could respond, the lovely Margaret appeared with our breakfasts. I decided that I would try to prise some information from her before she left us.
‘Thank you Margaret, once again you’ve done us proud. Now here’s one for you to puzzle over. Yesterday, I didn’t know who you were right?’
She nodded with a smile.
‘And today I knew who you were. So, have I known you for only a day, or is it longer? In fact how long have you really known me?’
I could see her opening her mouth to answer, however, before she was able to utter a sound, David quickly said in a very imposing manner, ‘Thank you Margaret, you can go now.’ He continued to glare at her as she turned and left in a hurry. He then turned his attention to me.
‘Very clever Martin, yes very clever. You know you almost had me convinced there. So why did you need to ask poor simple Margaret how long you’ve been here?’
‘What’s wrong with trying to make a bit of conversation?’
David smiled at me as he picked up his knife and fork and replied, ‘I’ve known you too long Martin, too long. Let’s forget it for just now and eat. We’ve got the whole day ahead of us.’ Once he’d finished talking he now started tucking into his horrible-looking pancakes.
I was completely at a loss to understand what had just happened between David and myself. That little remark of his made it sound as if we often sparred with each other. I really had no idea, and he clearly had the advantage over me – and he knew it. I looked down at my ‘usual.’ I had seen better, but on reflection I suppose I had seen worse, and I was very hungry. At least it looked a lot more appetising than the hideous looking pancakes sitting in front of David.
No sooner had I started into my meal when Margaret reappeared. I noticed that she looked a little more sheepish following the warning she had received from David a few moments ago. ‘Hello Martin, I’ve got your medication for you.’ She now placed the little saucer she was holding onto the table, before hastily leaving. I looked down at the saucer in front of me. At its centre was a small glass of water, and just beside it was a rather large looking yellow capsule. The more I stared at the yellow pill, the more I became aware of something gnawing away at the back of my mind.
David stopped eating and fixed me with a long hard stare, clearly waiting to see what I was going to do next. Then I remembered. The yellow capsule - was this the yellow pill that Caroline had told me about in the Gautier home? Is this where I now found myself? I could feel a chill going right through me as I continued looking down at this yellow thing, whatever it was.
I could feel David’s eyes burning through me as I continued to stare down at the pill. I just knew he was waiting for me to take it. Just what was I supposed to do? The easiest and probably most sensible thing to do was simply to take it – wasn’t it? But, there was no way in hell I was going to swallow that yellow thing. I had no idea what it was, and I knew that I did not need it. I was going to have to make a stand.
I avoided his gaze and continued with my breakfast. We both ate in complete silence, and I never once looked up from my plate. What was he thinking? What was he going to say or do? As I had finished eating, I determined to be as confrontational as I possibly could. We both looked at each other as I pushed my empty plate away.
‘That wasn’t too bad I suppose,’ I said with a bit of a smirk. I leaned forward and very deliberately picked up the glass of water, slowly examined it as though it were some expensive wine, and then downed it in one gulp. I let out a sigh of satisfaction and then returned the empty glass beside the yellow pill.
‘Nice of Margaret to bring me some water – made all the difference,’ I said, looking directly at David.
It was me that was now studying him, trying to work out what he was thinking. However, he was giving nothing away. He just continued to stare at me blankly.
‘Martin I really don’t care, it’s your call, but like I said to you yesterday, this is your final chance. We are only trying to help you Martin. This is a two-way process and, at the end of the day, it’s down to you to work with us. Still, there it is - yet again you refuse your prescribed medication. I will return you to your room, do my report, and then we’ll see. Shall we go?’
He gestured for us to leave the table and we both began to walk back in silence towards my room. I really was at an absolute loss to know what I should say or do, and so I stayed silent. As we continued through the corridors I was suddenly confronted by the sight of a man strapped to a trolley pushed by an orderly. As they crossed corridors ahead of us I could clearly hear him crying out.
‘You can’t do this to me, you have no right. I demand to see somebody else, somebody in authority, you can’t do this it’s…it’s not right…’ his words fading as he disappeared out of sight down one of the corridors.
I felt really quite shaken by the bizarre scene I had just witnessed. I had no idea if the poor man was genuinely being helped, or was his distress genuine?
There was now no doubt in my mind as to where I found myself. This place was some kind of psychiatric unit. It had to be. What else could it be? David stopped us walking and said pointing in the direction of where the man and trolley had gone
‘That could well be you tomorrow Martin. Too late now eh?’
I could tell from the look on his face that he was enjoying this. Doing my very best to not look bewildered or scared, I simply returned him a blank stare and shrugged my shoulders. We continued to walk in silence until we reached my room that was just around the corner. David unlocked the door and gestured I go in. He remained by the door as I walked passed him.
‘Well Martin, I’m going to get my report done, and somebody will be along soon to get you sorted out. Don’t worry…it will all work out. It’s for the best. Be seeing you.’ He closed and locked the door as he left the room.
The moment I stepped into my room I immediately realised that something had changed. It wasn’t just something. The whole room was different. What had happened to the rock walls, dug out of the mountain? This was just a normal room – a hospital room! All the furniture, the size of the room, and the layout of the room, was all as it was before. But, it was transformed into…what? I was pretty sure that we had walked back to the same room as before. I was sure, wasn’t I? How could this be? What was happening to me? I could feel a horrible chill going right through me.
I took a deep breath before lying down on the bed. Confused, I stared long and hard at the ceiling. What the hell was going on? Try as I might, I could not even begin to work it out. I was completely mystified, and very frightened. Surely I must have somehow woken up as yet another Martin – it was the only explanation I could think of. But if I had, and was indeed this other Martin, why was my new room just the same as the one back in the complex when I first awoke? Then it struck me – if as I suspected I was another Martin, then at some point in the future, possibly even in a matter of hours, I would then return back to the complex, and I would be myself again. Yes, now that I had stopped panicking like some deranged madman, when I thought things through logically, I really did not have anything to worry about did I? All I had to do was wait.
That was all well and good, but what about my immediate predicament in this hospital or wherever I was? What were they going to do with me – and why? What were they going to do with the guy in the trolley? Or, was that all part of some fantastic charade for my benefit? As far as I was concerned they may well have simply wheeled out the trolley just as I was walking through the corridor. But if they had, why go to all the trouble, just for my benefit? No, I could not fathom it out – I just hoped my adventure here would be at an end soon.
My mind was still in its overdrive mode when I heard the door of my room unlock and open. I sat up to see yet another male nurse in white uniform. He remained at the door for a few moments before saying, ‘Okay Martin, we’re getting you moved to another room.’
‘Why the move?’ I asked.
‘It’s for your own good. Come on, let’s be having you,’ he answered as he opened the door a little wider.
I saw no reason to protest any further and did as instructed. We walked around the corner of my room and into an elevator. As we got in I noticed we were on the fifth floor – there were twelve in all. We ascended to the seventh and got out. We then proceeded along yet another maze of corridors, until we came to the door of my new room. The nurse, or whoever he was, unlocked the door and showed me in. This room was similar to my last one, but this had two beds.
‘Your bed is on the right Martin. The administrator will be along later,’ he said locking the door behind me.
Between the two beds were two chairs. In front of the chairs was a small table, with various magazines on top of it. There was nothing else for me to do, so I decided to sit in the chair that was closest to what was going to be my new bed. I just hoped that when I next fell asleep my current nightmare would over, and I would awake back in the complex.
I wondered what my new roommate would be like. I hated sharing rooms, but on the other hand I might get some much-needed company. Knowing my luck he, or possibly she, was going to make my day even weirder. It was just as Alistair had promised me, weird all the way! It’s funny, now that I thought about it, Alistair, the project, the complex, all of it - it all seems so far away. It’s almost like all of this had a dreamlike quality about it. Was any of it real? Was I just in a dream?
I looked down at the magazines; maybe there was something to read that would help take my mind of everything. Before I was able to reach down to any of them I heard the door unlock and open. A female nurse came through the door pushing a man in wheelchair. He was looking a little dazed and had a white towel wrapped around his head. He did not seem to be aware of my presence at all.
The nurse looked in my direction and said in a very matter of fact way, ‘Hello Martin, I am returning Simon. He’s just a little confused just now, and his short-term memory is a little funny – but he’s okay. You don’t mind looking after him for a bit, do you?’
‘Isn’t that your job?’ I enquired.
‘Simon is perfectly well, he doesn’t need any medical help, just a little hand-holding that’s all.’
‘Is that why I moved rooms, so that I could baby-sit? He doesn’t look too good to me. What’s wrong with him?’
‘Nothing is wrong with him. Don’t be so bloody pedantic Martin. We all know what you’re like. Now stop pissing about, and just keep an eye on him for a bit,’ she said as she started to close the door.
‘Why don’t you all burn in hell!’ I shouted back at her just before the door closed. And there I sat, looking at Simon, in his wheelchair, just sitting there, not moving or saying anything. What was wrong with him? Or, what had they done to him? Was this all part of a charade?
I continued to sit in my chair for a good three or four minutes and still no signs of life came from Simon. I sighed and reached for one of the magazines. As soon as I had begun to lift one of them, Simon slowly began to look in my direction.
‘Hello Simon. Are you okay?’ I asked. He stared at me in an almost drunken fashion for a few moments before answering.
‘Is no use you know.’
‘What’s no use?’
‘The magazines. They won’t tell you anything,’ his voice was a little faltering. I had no idea what he was trying to tell me.
‘I don’t understand, why do you think I was after anything from the magazines?’
‘Information. You won’t find it, these are special magazines. God, my bloody head hurts. Bastards! I never told them though. They won’t get it from me.’
‘Simon, I’m afraid you’ve lost me. What information? And what won’t you tell them? And who are these people?’
I could see from the look on his face and body language that he was beginning to wake up a little. Had he been drugged? He smiled a little before answering.
‘The magazines, any written material, it can help you work out where you are, or more likely where you are not.’
I stared back at him, I obviously was not getting it, and I could now sense his frustration as he continued, ‘For God’s sake, wake up man. You had bloody well get it together, because they are coming for you next!’
‘What the hell are you on about Simon, who’s coming for me? And why?’
‘It’s all gone wrong see. You’re not supposed to be here at all. They don’t want you running outside telling everybody, and they will make very sure that you don’t.’ As Simon finished his latest incomprehensible ramblings, he began to slowly lift himself out of the chair. I quickly moved forward, as he looked very unsteady on his feet. However, he held up his hand and said very firmly, ‘No thank you…I can still manage on my own.’ Slowly he made his way to his bed, sat on the side and fixed me with a long hard stare.
‘You haven’t worked it out yet, have you?’ he said.
‘Nothing, not a bloody clue,’ I answered.
‘Maybe that’s for the best then, because if you knew…mind you, it doesn’t change anything for you. They will probably give you your first treatment tomorrow. They don’t care.’
‘What treatment are you talking about?’
‘The ECT, that’s what!’
‘What are you talking about? What’s ECT for god’s sake?’
Simon looked at me for a few moments; I could see his disbelief with my questions and answers. 
‘ECT, its electro-convulsive-therapy, and you don’t want it. Its Shock treatment if you will, and I’ve now had my fifth treatment. Makes your fucking head hurt. They will tell you that it’s for your own good, but I know what they are doing. Trying to muddle up my memory that’s what, first its short term memory loss, then…then well who knows?’
‘They can’t do that to me, there’s nothing wrong with me. Why would they want to muddle my memory? Anyway, I have not given them my consent for any shock treatment,’ I protested.
‘You really don’t remember anything do you Martin? The last time we spoke together was, God when was it? Six, yes six days ago. You were the worst of all of us here. You couldn’t remember a bloody thing. That’s why you’ve been here so long. Anyway, you told me that you would not let them give you ECT, no way. You were going to do a runner and said I should do the same. That’s what you said.’
As he finished talking Simon got to his feet and slowly started to stretch and walk near his bed. As the room fell into silence I realised that I still did not know where I was, who these people were, or even who I really was. I needed some answers.
‘Simon, I am still none the wiser. Can you please tell me what’s really going on here.’
He made his way back to the edge of his bed before answering, ‘Martin, they are going to start your ECT tomorrow. They want to make you forget who you really are. I saw Jenkins two days ago - you don’t remember Jenkins, do you? Doesn’t matter, well I can tell you the man’s a rambling idiot now. Bastards! They did that to him. They are going to do the same to all of us. Bastards! You have to get out Martin, tell the world what you know, for all of our sakes!’
‘Tell them what? I don’t know anything. Anyway, why do I have to get out? Assuming I can get out, why didn’t you escape and save yourself? Simon, nothing you have said stacks up – and you still haven’t told me anything about this place.’
‘Martin, believe me when I tell you that for just now, in this place, the very fact you don’t know who you really are, or where you are, is a godsend. In fact it’s what has spared you till now. Unfortunately, your time has run out and they are going to get you tomorrow. Why did I not escape? Same as everybody else Martin, we never got the bloody chance to. The only person to have nearly succeeded was Jenkins, but they got him. And now I…I don’t know what those bastards did to him, now he just sits there - completely dead inside. You have to get out Martin, for your sake and ours.’
‘So how the hell can I get out, if nobody else has?’ I demanded.
‘Some of us including Jenkins planned this out – the last part, getting out of the building, you have two options. Unfortunately Jenkins chose the wrong one, and he got caught. I knew what he was going to do, and what he did wrong. So you should be able to get out. It’s up to you Martin.’
‘If it’s that simple, why don’t you escape yourself Simon? In fact, if you do know how to get out, why has nobody else escaped?’
‘You have to be able to run very fast downstairs Martin. It’s the only way to make your escape good. And I can’t run, not with my legs. Ain’t no way I can get out – but you can. You have to - you must get out and tell them what’s going on.’
‘But I don’t know what’s going on Simon. Who would I tell? And, what would I tell them. I don’t know this place, and I don’t even know you. You could be telling me anything – and I would be none the wiser.’
Simon smiled at me and tapped the temple of his head with his finger ‘But you do know Martin. You are the only one here that can remember back to the beginning, you know who you really are. You know why you have all these different memories. What you don’t know is how all of this really happened. Even if you did know and understand all of this, who would believe you? Nobody, anybody you told would think they were listening to the ramblings of an idiot. That’s what they are trying to do here Martin, turn you into an unreliable freak show. You have to get out, and soon.’
‘So what would I tell anybody? You said yourself that nobody would listen to me. So what’s the point?’
‘Do you know where in the building we are, Martin?’
For a few moments I returned him a blank stare before answering, ‘All I know is that we are on the seventh floor – there are twelve in the building, I can remember that much from going in the lift.’
‘Exactly Martin, we are on the seventh floor. You need to run down the stairs down into the basement. That’s where they keep all the records, in the room marked ‘Laundry 2,’ that’s where you will find the records, in there. Your file is in there, it’s a big dossier, and inside the front cover is an electronic record as well. Not only will the dossier tell you what you need to know, it’s also your proof Martin. That’s what you need to show the world. It’s all there, you just need to get it, get out, lie low for a few months or so, and then when the heat’s off, tell the world what these bastards are doing.’
I didn’t know if I should just laugh at him, or try to take any of what had been said seriously. Within half an hour of meeting a complete stranger - with a towel wrapped around his head I am told that I must escape, steal my own secret dossier, and tell the world about all these diabolical people. What was I supposed to think or do? Fantastic charade or not, one thing I did know for sure was that I did not want any bloody shock treatment – no way. If that meant I had to escape, then yes I suppose I would consider that option. Secret dossier? I could not begin to think who would have a dossier on me, but I was intrigued. If there was such a dossier, what did it say about me and all of this?
Two or three minutes must have passed since Simon had finished telling me that I should escape. I wasn’t too sure how I should now respond. I let out a sigh before saying, ‘Simon this is all very difficult to accept as fact, so if you don’t mind I think I will just lie on my bed for a while and think things through’. As I finished talking I left my chair, got to my bed, and once again lay on my back to look at the ceiling. There was no response from Simon as I heard him getting onto his own bed.
I had to make some sense out of all this. Was Simon mad, or a plant? Was this all a charade, or was this all a bad dream? I closed my eyes and tried to relax myself before going through it all in my mind. My name is Martin Chalfont. I am forty-two, recently retired from a very successful career in the city working in the bank. When I returned to Upper Monkham I met up again with Alistair – it was he who introduced me to the project. I was taken to the complex, told about infinite dimensions, shown the amazing multi-coloured floating machine that gently hummed in its gold cavern. I can remember it all, like it was yesterday. These are my real memories, they must be. Meeting Caroline, my wife in another dimension, and cheating on her in another dimension with Sarah – now that was weird. And what about all those strange shadow people I kept seeing out of the corner of my eye? And then I woke up as this other Martin – I must have jumped into yet another dimension. 
I thought back to what Simon had told me. Run down the stairs he had said. Run down the stairs! Great escape plan! His story sounded ridiculous – No, it sounded outrageous. But, what were my options for the here and now? I did not want any shock treatment, and what had I to lose in trying to escape?
‘Okay Simon, let’s for the moment assume that I believe what you have told me. How do I get out of here?’ I asked as I sat myself up.
Simon got himself sat upright and stared at me for a few moments before answering, ‘If you are serious Martin, you don’t have much time. I expect the administrator will visit you very soon. It’s all bullshit Martin. She will spend a couple of minutes here, tell you how disappointed she is that you refused your medication, blah blah blah, and that’s why she is sanctioning ECT for you. All of course for your own good. Like I said - all bullshit. Then tomorrow morning they will come for you, and that’s it, then it’s too late. So if you want out, we got to do it after the administrator visits. It’s up to you. So what’s it to be Martin?’
‘Tell me what I need to know – I want to get out of here.’
Simon came over and sat beside me on my bed. He must have talked for well over half an hour as he explained in absolute detail how I was to escape, taking my secret dossier with me. He then gave me a couple of keys for the stairwell and laundry room. I did not ask how he had got hold of them – I didn’t really care! For whatever reason, I was pretty sure that he was genuine. I just had no idea if he was completely mad. I thanked him as he returned to his own bed.
I again resumed my stare at the ceiling – was I looking for some sort of divine inspiration? Possibly, but I would much prefer If I were to fall asleep and awake back in the complex. That was all I really wanted, just to go home and put all this behind me.
I again focused my attention to where I was now. I could only be in some type of institution – I had to be. Was this ghastly place the Gautier home? Perhaps. I looked over towards Simon and asked, ‘Tell me Simon, how is Caroline? Is she still here?’
However, before he had the chance to answer, the door unlocked and opened. I was astonished to see who now walked through the door. It was Davila. But how was this possible? A male nurse followed her in and stood beside the open door. She marched straight up to me and stopped about three feet from the end of my bed. She had a smart business suit on; she looked just as I remembered her.
‘Mr Chalfont, let me introduce myself. I’m Dr Lebronska, the administrator here.’
I quickly interrupted her, ‘What the hell are you playing at Davila, what are you trying to do?’
‘Who told you I was Davila? Nobody is allowed to use my first name in here. No matter. Lets not get sidetracked shall we? I think you know why I’m here so I’ll get straight to the point. We have all been very patient with you Mr Chalfont. We have done our very best in trying to help you but clearly it’s not working. That’s why I have sanctioned the ECT commencing tomorrow morning. Now I know you, like everybody else, objects to this form of treatment, and I do understand. However, we believe this to be the best course of action to take. I will come back and see how you are responding to the treatment in around two weeks. I’m sure we will see some improvement then. Good day to you, Mr Chalfont,’ and she turned on her heels and made for the door.
I was completely dumbstruck as I watched her now disappear out of the door. The door started to close, and then it slowly re-opened a little. Davila stuck her head through and said with a slight wink, ‘You never did tell me about that office party Martin!’
She left, the door closed, and then it was locked.


The End. 


Epilogue

Has the story ended? Clearly not. Do you remember the Introduction of the book? I think you should read those couple of pages again and then perhaps you will realise why the story is far from over and continues to unfold even as you read this. Will you hear more of Martin’s story? Perhaps… 

Andrew Weaver

