Maureen Gilliland, writing as Nell Gavin				The McKenna Anomaly
2320 Sycamore Ln							Word count: 90,000
Kalamazoo, MI  49008						Adult Science Fiction
972 935-6692							Email: nellgavin0524@gmail.com 

THE MCKENNA ANOMALY
Sunday, March 14, 2021, 1457 Hours, Washington, D.C.
A police car was stopped at the light. The officers inside the vehicle watched Terrence Jackson strolling across the street, right there in the middle of it and not at the corner. That was illegal. The officer driving the vehicle turned on the siren and ran through the red light to turn left and swerve in front of oncoming traffic so he could pull up and stop beside Terrence, who reflexively put his hands in the air and then froze. 
One of the officers leapt out of the police car with his gun drawn while the other officer double-parked the police car nearby with its lights swirling. He then exited the vehicle. He joined the first officer and held his gun with both hands and his arms extended. He pointed his gun at Terrence Jackson, who had highly reactive PTSD from his two tours of duty in Iraq and his roadside bomb injuries, but who had not moved or reacted just yet. He would react momentarily.
Avid calmly found a place on the sidewalk where he would have optimal access to all the witnesses who would be gathering shortly, and prepared himself to record the death of Terrence Jackson.
Avid Burhan was a Historian who was assigned to the United States, 2020/2021 Racial Unrest Mission. His team consisted of Historians who all had facial features and skin tones that did not suggest any particular race or ancestry, so they would not become the target of violence from anyone who was inclined to attack people of a specific race. When an assignment involved twenty-first century racial unrest the Mitigators deliberately sent light-skinned Historians who were neither White nor Black nor Hispanic nor Asian nor Middle Eastern because they enjoyed a neutral position that drew nobody’s attention or, with any luck, anyone’s ire.
Last year his team had had a busy summer attending Black Lives Matter protests and recording violence, looting and murder as it cropped up in various places throughout the United States. The perpetrators of violence were all identified in the historical records and tagged by name, political affiliation, and background information even though contemporary law enforcement could not identify many of them and would never arrest them. Twenty-eighth century scanner records knew exactly who they were. These perpetrators all thought they’d escaped detection, not knowing that there is no such thing as “historical privacy,” or that they would be held up as a shameful example of what not to be long after they died.
His mission had been active for so long that Avid had taken up nearly permanent residency at the control station. He commuted back and forth to his assigned events by travel pod, and then was dropped off or picked up at an obscure location where local witnesses would not see it. Once he arrived, his scheduled Uber picked him up and transported him to his assignment. When his assignment was complete, Avid obtained the address and coordinates for travel pod pickup and took an Uber to what was usually a darkened industrial neighborhood or wooded area. The travel pod would be waiting for him there. After Avid boarded, it would leave the area at such a high speed that it was gone before witnesses could question what they thought they might have just seen. (A strange streak in the sky that was…what? A bird, perhaps?) It then traveled above the Atlantic Ocean before diving into the water immediately above the control station, and then completed its journey underwater.
The control station was on the ocean floor thirty miles off the coast of the mid-Atlantic region, where scanners had once determined that this specific undersea area would never be disturbed or discovered by contemporary witnesses until well into the twenty-sixth century. By then the world’s population had been expanding into the ocean for some time and was aware of the compound anyway, so it was no longer necessary for the location to remain a secret. 
The Mitigators had built it in about AD 900 to observe the Native American tribes before the arrival of the Vikings, and to document the Viking settlements when the settlers finally came. Later when the Pilgrims and subsequent European settlers arrived it would serve as a very busy station from which time travel staff could observe and record their interactions with the natives. It was already in place to cover the rise of the United States with Washington D.C., the hub of the world for a time, only a few short minutes away by air.
The construction of control stations continued until the underwater complexes became sprawling cities with tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of time travel support staff and Historians in each one during particularly busy and eventful historical eras. This was one of those historical eras, so the control station was almost full to capacity, while construction on new buildings continued as quickly as possible. 
The mid-Atlantic control station became particularly busy during times of political upheaval, when large twenty-eighth century aircraft hid in the clouds to monitor and record satellite transmissions and action on the ground, dodging local aircraft whose occupants were too afraid of mockery to report them as “UFOs”. 
Hundreds or even thousands of Historians were dispatched to record a myriad of internal high-level meetings among world leaders who met in Washington, D.C. and New York. The Historians who were assigned to these roles typically resided on land and passed as “locals,” working as interpreters or clerical staff in the innermost offices of the government. Others monitored a myriad of important publicly accessible events outside of government buildings and across the entire eastern half of the United States and Canada. When access to an event was impossible, scanner footage recorded it, and someone from the Historian Project filed it away in the Educator database. 
Today Avid was to attend the Terrence Jackson murder in Washington, D.C., where six-hundred-and-thirty-two years ago (from Avid’s perspective) police officers had stopped an unarmed Black man and arrested him for jay walking. They would kill him today, March 14, 2021. Avid would be the witness who would submit his report to the twenty-eighth century Educator database so that older schoolchildren could view the video footage and read Avid’s telepathic interviews with the local witnesses to learn history as it actually happened.
Avid was early, so Terrence Jackson, a tall, genial-looking bald man of about forty-five years old, was still amiably chatting with a street vendor and laughing. When traffic cleared he decided to walk toward the other side of the street to grab some throat lozenges at the drugstore before heading home.
Avid’s assignment had begun.


Sunday, March 14, 2021, 1508 Hours, Assignment
“I can’t breathe…I can’t breathe…”
Someone shouted, “Fuck, man! You’re killing him! Stop it! This is just exactly like George Floyd!” A young White man grabbed his hair and raised his chin and elbows with frustration to the sky. He grimaced and threw his head back. He shrieked, “Stop it, dude! Just stop!”
In response, the backup police officer placed his hand on his holster and took a step toward the shouting man, who lowered his arms and helplessly dropped his shoulders in defeat. “Someone help us, man. Somebody help us here,” he muttered to himself, his voice shaking. “Dear God, please.” He turned away and then turned back, forcing himself to be a witness, shaking, exchanging glances with strangers in the crowd who returned expressions that were sympathetic, supportive, and angry. With no other recourse, he pulled out his smart phone and began to record.
The backup officer scanned the crowd, and then relaxed. He was unperturbed by the sight of seven people holding up their cell phones and recording him. He was confident that he and the other officer would never serve time for a crime because the officer who killed George Floyd had not yet been sentenced. A few months later that officer would receive twenty-two-and-a-half years in prison, and this officer would suddenly be rightly concerned.
Avid Burhan wore a burgundy hoodie with “Washington” imprinted in yellow across his chest. He wore an N-95 face mask in deference to the Covid-19 pandemic even though he was genetically immune to the virus. He was tall, slender, and of indeterminate Eurasian ethnicity, with skin the color of coffee mixed with lots of milk, not dark, exactly, but not quite “Caucasian white.” He was a well-built man who appeared to be about thirty years old, and who had an athletic build suggesting he worked out or was involved in sports. He had his hands in the front pocket of the hoodie, and stood motionless by the sidelines, blending in with the crowd.
Once again, Terrance gasped, “I can’t breathe…” The man said this several times until his breath was gone. Then he grew limp and silent, occasionally suffering spasms. The policeman continued to press his knee to the helpless man’s neck and looked at the crowd, impervious, triumphant, powerful, and superior. 
In a few months this other officer would also be surprised and concerned at the sentence given to the officer who killed George Floyd, but today he was not.
Avid paid no attention to the helpless man who was going to die in exactly three minutes and thirteen seconds, at 3:12 pm on March 14, 2021. He was not interested in the policeman at the moment. He was familiar with the scene because, to him, the video clips that recorded it were old news. Avid dutifully studied them in preparation for this assignment and went through extensive meditation exercises before his arrival, so he was largely inured to the murder he was witnessing. The drama had no deep and lasting emotional impact for him because it occurred six hundred and thirty-two years ago, and because he was trained to experience past events dispassionately. 
The shouting man was absolutely correct. This particular murder was jarringly similar to the George Floyd murder Avid recorded last year. This was another aspect of the event that enabled him to detach from it emotionally. He had already experienced this.
Difficult assignments sometimes required mental wellness checks throughout the event, but so far he felt comfortable and was not in emotional distress. Everyone at this event had been dead for hundreds of years. He once studied it as a student. Students studied this specific event ─ the contemporary reports of the Terrence Jackson murder he was now witnessing ─ for decades, hundreds of years from now. Avid had recently attended and reported on the afore-mentioned George Floyd murder, and had studied that event in school as well. 
He knew the outcome of the criminal trial. He knew that the media would publish the statements of the victim’s lawyer, family and friends within twelve hours, and he knew those statements word for word. Before he arrived here, he memorized everything. He knew the names of the victim’s family members. He was tuned into their grief and had telepathically experienced it. He knew everything they felt.
That was always one of the hardest aspects of the job, and it could cripple a Historian who was ill-prepared, so Avid prepared for it as he was trained to, with meditation and breathing exercises. He had felt it all, everything, in preparation for this assignment and was setting aside those feelings and compartmentalizing them so he could focus on his job. He cared, but from a distance, and did not fully care right now in this moment because he was distracted from the violence by his focus on other things.
This was a difficult assignment, but there were some assignments that were so difficult they were out of his scope. Historians who reported in depth on Nazi concentration camps, as one example, once required extensive mental health support when they returned. They could not accept new assignments until they were cleared for work again, which took time and significant effort. Afterward, some of these could only take on happy “fluff” pieces for preschoolers about puppies and dancing cockatiels, and could handle nothing more taxing than that for the duration of their careers. 
For truly horrific human events, most Historians could not summon detachment, no matter how studiously they prepared. Observing this during the early stages of the Historian Project, the Mitigators decided to only authorize Historians with high scores for psychopathy for the most difficult assignments. Psychopaths can witness human tragedy firsthand without internalizing it or becoming damaged from it because they have no empathy. This was an invaluable trait for people who must witness the worst of mankind’s behavior throughout history. In addition, psychopaths were cool-headed and stable under the worst pressure, and could perform their tasks no matter what kind of danger or stress they experienced. For this they earned the highest ranking and enjoyed the highest social status within the Historian community. 
Mitigators did not view psychopaths as “scary” or “sick”, and they had no concerns about their behavior. There was no threat to the public because there had always been more clinically verifiable psychopaths operating throughout history as industry CEOs, lawyers, salespersons, televangelists, politicians, computer hackers, government officials and robocall phone agents than there ever had been psychopaths who ended up as violent criminals. Psychopaths clearly could function at a high level without violence. This was particularly true in an era where time travel and scanner footage immediately located them at the site of a crime and implicated them if their behavior warranted it. Their calculated self-interest typically prevented them from doing something for which they would be immediately caught and punished.
The Mitigators’ strategy was to meet them where they were, not change them into something else, so they deliberately made no effort to stifle their psychopathic tendencies; those tendencies were precisely what made psychopaths valuable to the Historian Project. Most importantly, the psychopath’s typical quality of focused self-interest was uniquely useful to keep them in line, provided the Mitigators consistently enticed them with enough support and enough incentive for them to continue to willingly do their jobs effectively.
Psychopaths were motivated by status and reward. The obvious lure to motivate them into completing impossible jobs no one else could do as effectively was to give them very high social status and lots of rewards. They were dubbed “The Hero Class,” which stroked their egos, and they enjoyed the finest living conditions and the greatest perks. 
Psychopaths are known to be skillful liars, and the Mitigators needed their Heroes to lie smoothly, convincingly and effectively as they performed their on-land character roles and made themselves credible to the locals. They needed Heroes to be adept at manipulation in order to coerce the locals into cooperating with them so they could achieve their goals. Heroes could not shy away from exploitation when a situation called for it on assignment, so the Mitigators did not discourage even those tendencies. 
For all these reasons the Mitigators never punished Heroes when they engaged in those specific behaviors with the general public. The never tried to “retrain” them into being easier to deal with. They just created new laws against specific behaviors as a warning, then quietly compensated the public for the trouble they experienced whenever they had dealings with Heroes.
By Avid’s time, geneticists had discovered the precise combination of genes that predisposed people to psychopathy, so routine DNA screening of young children identified the potential psychopaths early. The medical team contacted the parents to congratulate them for having a “Hero child”, which brought with it immediate reward and high social status and celebration within the family. Then they attempted to obtain parental consent by stating they were providing necessary treatment for the child’s specific genetic tendency toward psychopathy. The rewards and social status softened the blow of the diagnosis and the confusion the parents felt, so they were mostly amenable as medical personnel described their proposed adjustment of the child’s brain connections, and presented them with legal documents. They were “managing the psychopathy”, they explained, but they specifically told parents they were not reversing it. If the parents requested a full reversal, they had to accept that the child would not qualify for the Hero program or any of the perks that came with it. 
Parental consent came with the same top-level living conditions and endless perks for the entire family that the Heroes themselves earned. Consequently, parents almost invariably agreed to the suggested treatment to enable their children to become Heroes. 
In the past, people had had to reach age eighteen before they could receive a valid diagnosis, but psychopaths in the twenty-eighth century were “manufactured” from an early age. The medical team wanted to place these children on the low end of the psychopathy scale so they were as close to “typical” as possible, but could still perform their jobs without suffering debilitating psychological aftereffects. 
As they grew, these children received recurring medical treatment that adjusted the connections between their ventromedial prefrontal cortex, the part of the brain responsible for sentiments such as empathy and guilt, and the amygdala, which controls fear and anxiety, to place them precisely on the psychopathy spectrum where they needed to be. 
In addition to consent, the parents all had to sign non-disclosure agreements about their children’s genetic tendencies and the reason for these medical efforts, preventing them from telling anyone including their own children that they were psychopaths. They all happily did this. Once the parents agreed, the perks began pouring in. The Hero child and family immediately enjoyed improved living conditions, along with immediate wealth and high social status. They could now request the best tables in the most expensive restaurants and time travel to the most expensive times and places (without clearance to interact) to the envy of everyone else. 
The public – and the Heroes themselves – were unaware that only psychopaths qualified for the Hero Class. The Mitigators did not want any sort of stigma to impact the public’s perception of the Heroes, whom they deliberately elevated and glorified within their society in order to keep them happy. The Mitigators, the medical team, and the parents were the only ones who knew.
Once they received parental approval, Educators separated Hero children from the other children. Specialized educators and support staff led psychopath-only classrooms (called Hero Classrooms), where they intensely focused on their interactions with others, and tirelessly taught them rules and proper empathy-emulating behaviors before they permitted the children to begin training as Hero Historians. Parents attended classes of their own to learn how to parent their psychopathic “Hero” children, and did this with ample resources and Educator support.
At the same time Educators carefully watched for anything that leaned toward gratuitous violence. They removed any children who could not manage those impulses, advised the parents and obtained their consent, then had the medical team reverse those children’s psychopathy altogether. Afterward the medical staff placed them in special classes to observe them as they experienced emotions and empathy for the first time, and to teach them to understand and manage those feelings. If they performed well, the Educators usually placed them in classes with typical children, not psychopaths. They could still be Historians when they grew up. However, without their psychopathy they could never be Hero Historians.
Educators’ primary focus was to train children, including psychopathic children, to behave in a manner that benefited society. A combination of rewards and the withholding of rewards, plus very clear behavioral expectations and the threat of being withdrawn from the program if they did not comply molded typical psychopathic children into adults whose behavior made them appear to be compassionate, even though they had very little or no intrinsic empathy. It was not unusual to view scanner footage of a Hero binding the wounds of a fallen soldier in a horrific battle and carrying him off the field. It was not unusual to view scanner footage of a Hero sharing food with other prisoners in a concentration camp; psychopaths were conveniently charming, cagey and manipulative enough to obtain this food, so the other prisoners loved them. The behavior was learned and reflexive, not from the heart, and their motivation was to keep their jobs and the status that comes with them, or to manipulate people by placing them in their debt. In the case of the concentration camps, it was to generate affection and hero-worship, which played to their egos. But the important thing was that they behaved, posed no threat beyond interpersonal mischief, and contributed greatly to society precisely because of what they were.
Avid was on the empath spectrum, which was the opposite end of the emotional scale from psychopaths. He was deeply attuned to the emotions and needs of the people around him, which made him an ideal candidate for the job of Historian, provided he prepared well for difficult assignments to reduce his potential trauma. In fact, most Historians were empaths, as were most Educators. It was one of the qualities the Mitigators looked for when they selected candidates for either career.
Consequently, Avid could never travel on the train that transported the European Jews to the gas chambers and ovens at Auschwitz or Treblinka. He could not go there anyway because his physical appearance would prevent him from blending in with any segment of German society during that era. That job assignment always went to someone from the Hero Class and the Caucasian Race Dynasty. The character role the Hero must assume determined whether the assignment went to a blue-eyed blonde, or to someone with a Mediterranean or Jewish appearance. 
The Mitigators had designated pools of Historians from which they could draw people who appeared to fit into societies that had little or no racial diversity. They called them “Race Dynasties,” which included people who were descended from that race and had the distinguishable physical features of that race, or who were genetically designed in vitro to be of that race and were then implanted into a mother or a surrogate through the Procreation Project. 
Anyone could choose to adopt a Designer Child at birth or carry one in a pregnancy and then raise that child for a likely (but not mandatory) future as a Race Dynasty Historian. This option was popular among gay couples, single parents, couples of mixed race, or couples who were from different dynasties. Designer children received automatic admission to Historian training classes, which were otherwise highly competitive and difficult to qualify for, even for those naturally born with “clean” racial DNA. If they were identified as psychopaths, Race Dynasty children had the highest status within The Hero Class. Otherwise, their status placed them immediately below the status of The Hero Class among the regular Historians.
The elevated social status of the parents, and the nearly guaranteed high-status career their children qualified for later on, encouraged many families to select this option when they decided to have children. All of the races were in demand, and none of them was considered “superior” to the others, so prospective parents were typically thrilled with any designer embryo they had had implanted, or any designer infant they’d adopted.
This tactic was necessary because the various races had gradually blended over the centuries so that most people in the world during Avid’s time had skin color of some shade of brown, with eye features that skewed Asian, but which were not Asian enough to qualify them for assignments in actual Asia. Avid was one of these. He only received assignments in the twenty-first century and later, when many of the world’s societies had already begun to diversify, and he blended in. His social status ranking fell below the Race Dynasties because of his limited capacity, but this meant very little in terms of the quality of his lifestyle. Avid was in a comfortable place within his society because Historians had high social status and were treated almost as if they were celebrities. 
Avid didn’t care about status, which some people strove for in search of self-satisfaction, the envy of others, and a sense of superiority…like his ex-wife. Significantly, status to him didn’t carry with it any really tangible rewards, like Hero perks, so he never sought it. His two Asian Dynasty daughters were at the behest of his ex-wife, who had always been very attuned to their social position. That was fine because Avid would have been thrilled with any child. He accepted his personally unnecessary higher status with a shrug, and still yearned for Hero perks.


Avid remained detached and focused, not caught in the immediacy of the Terrence Jackson event even though he was witnessing it firsthand and was surrounded by people who were reacting in the moment. He focused his mind on telepathically reading the people who surrounded him – that was his job – and was bombarded by their thoughts and emotions. He could not read the faces of about half of the people in the crowd because these people were wearing pandemic face masks, but he could read their thoughts.
He looked at a woman in a blue coat and gave the mental command, “Subject Data.” The holographic Alert screen displayed twelve inches from his face and provided the woman’s image and personal information. 
“Subject: Rosa Salinas Rodriguez. Born: Mexico, November 19, 1976. Died: May 1, 2043. Cause: Car accident. Occupation: Hairdresser, nail stylist. Married June 12, 1998. Spouse: Filipe Rodriguez, born Mexico, January 20, 1975. Occupation: Bus driver. Died: April 16, 2020. Cause: Covid-19. Children: Sofia, born Washington, D.C. July 2, 1999, Andrew, born Washington, D.C. August 18, 2001, Cristina, born Washington, D.C. December 4, 2003.”
The woman in the blue coat, Rosa, was weeping and bending over at the waist, hugging herself, looking up and watching the scene in obvious distress. Avid felt her helplessness and anger. 
“Stop it!” she screamed, lifting herself upright. “Let him go! You’re killing him!” Her screams were futile, but they were necessary for her to exist in this moment. She could not prevent the death of this man, but she could scream. Avid knew she wanted to vomit. He heard her wish to herself that she could “beat the living crap” out of the policeman with anything she could grab. However, she stood and watched, and she silently wept, dabbing her eyes with the sleeve of her coat, impotent, grieving, angry, shocked, stunned, betrayed... She suddenly stiffened and screamed, “Stop it! For the love of God!”
The backup officer looked over, but he did not consider her to be a threat and did not touch his holster.
Avid gave the mental command: “Save to file, today’s date.” The screen in front of him displayed a list of folder names. Avid identified and focused on “Terrence Jackson Witnesses”. The folder name turned blue when his eyes connected with it. Avid commanded, “Save”, and Rosa’s personal information uploaded to that folder. Avid then attached and uploaded his mental notes that described her emotional reaction to the event.
Avid scanned the crowd again. The slight-figured, small, Black teenaged male in the backwards red Nationals baseball cap was watching in terror. “This is me,” Avid heard him think. “This is how I die one day.” And then Avid heard, “How long do we have to keep fighting this? Is it always going to be this way?” And then, “Does anybody care?”
Avid felt the hopelessness turn to rage.
He would fight, the teenager decided, furious, terrified. He would find a way to fight back. 
“Let him go! You’re killing him!” he screamed. He did not know what else to do, so he screamed it again. He slammed his fist on a nearby parked car, denting its hood. He was sorry but not sorry, feeling futile but enraged and now suddenly energized. This was his purpose. He had found his purpose in this moment, and he would press forward to change things, no matter what it took.
The backup officer eyed him suspiciously and touched his holster. He took two quick, long, aggressive steps toward him. The boy slipped behind one of the other witnesses and angrily rubbed tears from his eyes.
“Subject Data.” 
The screen displayed: “Subject: Joseph D’Andre McKenna. Born: Washington, D.C. July 14, 2005. Died: March 13, 2097. Cause: Natural. Occupation: U.S. Senator, U.S. Ambassador to China, U.S. Secretary of State, U.S. Supreme Court Justice. Refer to the Joseph D’Andre McKenna historical file for extensive supplemental information.”
Obscured from the backup officer by a tall, heavyset witness, Joseph D’Andre McKenna spat on the ground and stomped his feet in fury. He punched his fists over his head – one-two-three - then shrieked, “You fucking motherfuckers! How dare you? God damn you, you fucking fuckers! God damn you to hell!” He smeared snot from his nose and tears from his eyes with a glove he’d pulled from his jacket pocket. The backup officer strained to see him, and watched him through the crowd for several moments with his hand on his holster. 
Avid mentally uploaded the Subject Data file with his attached observations to the Terrence Jackson Witnesses folder, then also uploaded them to the Joseph D’Andre McKenna historical file.
Avid uploaded everyone in the crowd, one by one. There were four white supremacists and one man with sadistic sexual tendencies who were enjoying the spectacle. They did not display any emotion as they watched, but Avid could telepathically sense their glee. Avid uploaded their files with his observations. Four small toddlers did not understand what they were seeing. Their parents were riveted, frozen in place, and should have removed them from the scene but did not. Three older children were quickly pulled away and shielded. Avid did not reach them in time to record their reactions. 
Seventeen of the people in the ever-growing crowd would die of Covid-19 at some point during the pandemic. Several had only weeks or months to live. Two of these were contracting the virus at this event, so Avid uploaded those files to a supplemental “Event Consequences” folder. 
A group of teenaged girls of different races in matching school uniforms were clustered together, pressed close, in shock, linking arms and holding hands, watching. Three of these would become social activists who required uploads to a supplemental historical records folder. One of the other girls would experience PTSD. Avid uploaded her data the “Event Consequences” folder as well. The rest would effectively push the event out of their minds and only refer back to it as a story they would tell from time to time.
Seven people were holding up smart phones and recording the scene. One of these turned his camera to the crowd and recorded everyone’s reactions, while three others were live streaming the event on Facebook. Avid felt from them all a sense of detachment – they were using the phones almost as emotional protection against the scene because the phone screens provided distance and made the participants appear small. However, all had an inflexible sense of purpose equal to that of Joseph D’Andre McKenna. Each person felt as if he or she was making history as, in fact, each one was. The names of the people with the phones would eventually be obscured and then lost, but the video clips they recorded would become a part of classroom discussion for centuries. These were the same videos that Avid studied in school.
Terrence Jackson was dead. The policeman stood up, poked the body with the toe of his boot, and then turned to the backup officer. Avid recorded their conversation and their personal thoughts, then uploaded it all. One of the officers radioed in to the station, and a few minutes later an ambulance arrived to remove the body and take it to the morgue. The people in the crowd angrily, excitedly spoke to one another and discussed what they’ve just seen, and how they felt. The white supremacists and the sexual deviant quietly slipped away. The videographers uploaded their recordings to YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram, and then dispersed. It was over.
“Locate Terrence Jackson videos, today’s date.” The screen displayed a list of all the websites where the seven videographers had uploaded their footage. Avid’s eyes connected with the files.
“Upload files to Terrence Jackson Witnesses, today’s date.” Avid chuckled to think that he was the one to upload the videos that he himself would study in school. He always enjoyed it when that happened.
Avid could now return to the control station.
He displayed his Alert screen and entered a pickup request with his coordinates. The control station’s system automatically scanned the area to determine a time and specific pickup point when and where there would be no observers, and then sent instructions back to him. It provided an address in Foggy Bottom, and instructed him to arrive at 4:37 pm, but no later than 4:51 pm when observers would suddenly arrive. 
At 4:39 pm the Uber driver left Avid at the far end of a quiet cul-de-sac. The instructions told him to walk between two houses at the location, and then into the backyard of the one on the right. Avid made his way back there and saw a small, unmanned travel pod hovering overhead, obscured from the street by the houses and trees. It scanned and identified him, then landed as Avid arrived. The door opened, and he boarded it. The travel pod rose, then silently sped upward and away at high speed. From the ground it looked like a black streak for perhaps half a second, and then it was gone.
Nobody saw it.


The mid-Atlantic region of North America was very active, which warranted the positioning and size of this control station. Before the control station was built time travel staff used “older” control stations in other parts of the world and traveled to North America from them. While they were technically older because they were built earlier in history, they were all constructed at roughly the same time from the perspective of Avid’s era. The building of newer structures was staggered over the centuries, so construction efforts were constant from the perspective of the inhabitants. Eventually there were dozens of densely populated control station scattered all over the world.
Historians depended on the mid-Atlantic control station with increasing frequency as the United States became more involved in world events and experienced domestic issues that required historical attention. The size of the station doubled, and then tripled around the time of the Revolutionary War. Construction continued on new buildings until the complex was expansive and sprawling. This construction was still underway, currently adding fourteen new buildings to the existing two hundred forty seven. When those were complete, construction would begin on even more.
Other control stations were built and positioned at various times throughout history. The control station on the floor of the Pacific Ocean near the coast of Peru housed Historians who were documenting the rise and fall of the Mesoamerican tribes: the Incas, the Mayans and the Aztecs. Historians from this control station also traveled north in much earlier times as populations migrated and settled, all the way up to the Bering Strait. Later, around the time of the Gold Rush they added a new control station off the coast of California. This one covered all of North America west of the Mississippi. They added one in the Great Lakes and another in the Gulf of Mexico as the population grew. And they kept going.
The earliest densely-manned control stations pre-dated the mid-Atlantic control station by tens of thousands of years, and monitored Asia and the South Pacific, Europe, and Africa. These enabled Historians to observe and record the migration, social constructs and languages of the earliest humans, and the rise of civilization. When they received assignments in other parts of the world during the prehistoric era, Historians commuted there by travel pod, using one of only that small handful of control stations as their home base. In addition, one sparsely-populated control station was built in pre-human times so they could record the earth’s early evolution.
The Mitigators began building control stations in the year AD 2712, when Avid was ten years old, in support of a massive effort by Educators to update their curriculum. Their intention was to replace the element of “history was written by the winners” with “history is a compilation of human experience.” This shift in focus was the very beginning of the Historian Project.
Until then, recorded history was incomplete and skewed by contemporary prejudices. It missed critical information due to widespread and extensive cover-ups, and relied on unsupported hearsay. It focused primarily on war. It was unreliable. It lacked commentary from the citizens who experienced history in real time, skimmed over their day-to-day experiences, lifestyles and emotions, and limited students in their efforts to fully understand and empathize with people who endured events such as the eruption of Mount Vesuvius, the pillage of Genghis Kahn, or the annihilation of the Mesoamerican civilizations by the Spaniards. 
The impact of droughts and floods on societies required more extensive study than had ever been conducted in the past. Abandoned ancient cities required investigation. Diseases needed to be tracked and categorized. Music, art and language required study. The history of early mass migrations and the origin of the various hominids relied solely on DNA tracking and archeological evidence, which were still inconclusive or incomplete in the twenty-eighth century. There was much work to be done.
Now, if an Educator or an archeologist had a pressing question, the Mitigators dispatched a Historian to uncover the answer and add it to the history files. 
The Mitigators took the position that dramatic and traumatic events always require respect and appreciation for the people who experienced them. They require meditative introspection and clear-headed Educator-guided observational judgment of human behavior and its real consequences. There was no better way to teach students to be responsible and empathetic with their actions and their goals than to show them the consequences of thirst for power, violence, personal aggrandizement, greed, and a lack of empathy prevalent among even people who were not psychopaths in what was a brutal, dirty history of the Human Race. This required a complete overhaul of the curriculum students had studied throughout the centuries.
There was no empathy in history books until the Historian Project. To experience empathy society had mostly relied on novelists and storytellers, who gave life to historical figures but oftentimes changed the facts to suit the plots of their fiction. Readers took the information on faith, so they were mostly misguided in their understanding of the real events, however empathetic they felt toward the historical figures they read about. And then many people began to lose interest in reading because there were so many gadgets to entertain them, so works that evoked empathy became increasingly passed over - or they became choppily-edited motion pictures that only touched on history, but did not fully explain it. It was a critical situation. 
There would be no more denial or detachment from sordid events, the Mitigators decreed. Everyone must see them with a clear, unflinching eye. There would be no more looking away. There would be no more rationalizing of poor behavior or spinning it into a triumph worthy of celebration. There would be no more recitation of the dates of wars and conquests in the classroom. Human experience was a continuum, and important events occurred between wars, not just during them. History was about the entire human experience itself, not just its most shameful episodes.
Wars would now be treated as societal and leadership failures, studied mostly to observe the victims of war and as a means of identifying, dissecting, and studying the incompetence, poor judgment, and personal flaws of the leaders who engaged in them.
Students were now required to immerse themselves in the traumas of the past, and view history as the experience of real, specific individuals with names and lives, whom the Historians had identified and telepathically interviewed. 
In the earliest school grades when children were small, Educators showed them holographic videos with numerous examples of charity, helpfulness, kindness and love. Children watched children sharing and comforting other crying children. They saw children playing well with other children. They received effusive praise and applause from the educators, staff and other children when they emulated those behaviors.
They were shown videos of sick or injured puppies, and of heartwarming transformations to healthy and playful because of someone’s kind intervention. They watched funny videos of dancing cockatiels and singing parrots. They saw animals that were natural enemies being friends and playing together, and were taught “no matter how different someone is from you, you can love that person.” 
Their days were filled with examples of sharing and loyalty, protection of the weak, and of generous encouragement, support, love and kindness toward everyone. 
As the children grew, the Educators slipped in darker examples, with simple straightforward events that demonstrated clear “good” and “bad” behaviors in uncomplicated situations. The curriculum of older children gradually included increasingly complicated and distressing trauma, still offset by heartwarming demonstrations of love and puppies. Children were always encouraged to feel what the participants had felt long ago in the darker examples, and to sympathize. They were taught to never, ever, ever engage in the “bad” behavior they witnessed in the events they studied.
When children reached their teens the message grew darker still, and they had to finally watch and study the worst of mankind.
Twenty-eighth century society did not have constant violent crimes and crime footage, or constant streams of war footage and death counts. The people there and then, especially the children and teens, were not dulled and inured to the shock of violence, and they did not accept it as an unavoidable part of the background noise. Students’ exposure to historical trauma had to be measured, thoughtfully spaced apart, and offset at a five-to-one ratio by carefully administered positive lessons. To prepare students for violent and disturbing historical events, Educators presented short “preview” clips to ease students into the worst of it gradually and acclimate them to the lessons before they were permitted to delve more deeply into them. Meditation was required before class. Breathing exercises were required after class. Hugs were generously given to students as they processed what they watched, and sometimes an entire class was intertwined, everyone holding onto each other in a group hug and crying while the Educator and staff support spread wide hugs across several students on the fringes of the huddle. Psychological support was on site, accessible, and mandatory. Everyone would see history as it actually was, and everyone would receive support in coping with the impact history would now have on every individual from this point forward. 
The objective of the Educators was to make historical events real to the students, and to make students learn about the aftereffects of historically poor behavior so that society would never repeat that poor behavior again. People had not learned from history before, and so they had continually repeated it. The Historian Project would break that cycle, the Mitigators hoped.
Forty years earlier a Mitigator had said, “History should not be dry. It should make us cry,” at a global conference in an effort to obtain support for the Historian Project before it was implemented. It became a catch phrase in their civilization.
The Mitigator ran an ancient news clip of Nazi bulldozers pushing emaciated, skeletal bodies into a ditch at one of the German concentration camps during World War II, then followed it with another clip of the aftermath of the Hiroshima nuclear bombing, showing confused and terrified Japanese citizens running down the street with skin and flesh detached and peeling away from their appendages. The audience gasped. While older children would all be familiar with these clips in the years to come, this particular audience was not because this approach was new and untested. The clips elicited sobs from many of the people watching.
“World War II was one example of our shameful and ghastly history. I’m sure you’ll all agree that our memories are still fresh as to what ‘ghastly’ looks like in modern times. We could provide examples of our last war and other wars for days…and I can assure you that every war was a failure in some respect, even if we’ve traditionally viewed the ultimate result as positive, as they did with World War II.
“What we propose is a deep dive into the thoughts, feelings and experiences of the people you see in these images, and in all the other images that will confront us in the upcoming years. We propose that we all respect - and honor - their hearts and experiences throughout history in all the events that we can record and show to you, and by extension the hearts and experiences of all the people whose images we can never see. We can study them, and we can learn.”
The project was successfully approved and launched. The effort began in earnest when Avid was twelve years old, when the control stations were in place and staffed with newly-trained support personnel, and the first wave of Historians had completed their studies. Since then, he had always dreamt of being a Historian, and studied diligently in his effort to become one. 
After the effort launched, the process of assigning, training, and deploying Historians became a worldwide-supported effort. Everyone wanted to be a Historian, in part because Historians and certain Historian Project control station support staff were permitted to travel into and physically interact with the past. The rest of the people could travel back in time to control stations, but were not permitted on land because of the havoc they could wreak on history without close supervision and intensive training. These people were limited to group tours led by a qualified tour guide who could interact with the locals, while the group tour “tourists” could not. However, the tours were very expensive and people usually only experienced a few of them in a lifetime, if they were lucky enough to experience any at all. The exceptions were prehistoric time periods or unpopulated locations, which people were free to travel to without supervision.
People scrambled to take advanced courses in telepathy so they could qualify as Historians, studied the technical aspects of the job, practiced their meditation and breathing techniques, and sat for 12-hour exams. Avid watched all this impatiently and waited for his turn.
Historians immediately rose in the social hierarchy, becoming celebrities of a sort. Admission to the program became more and more competitive as a result.
In twenty-eight century society, Mitigators were the top of the social hierarchy and acted together as world leaders. Educators were of the next highest social order, and Historians followed immediately behind them. Obtaining acceptance to a training class for Historians was a heady, giddy cause for celebration. Failure was crushing. Those who failed to qualify then usually attempted to join the Historian Project as control station support at some point in the past, applying for positions in maintenance, banking, housekeeping, restaurant staff, farming, currency distribution, wardrobe, and more. Many of those positions required them to go on land to perform various tasks in support of the Historians, and that was the primary lure of the project to many of them.
After each control station construction was complete, it maintained a permanent team of maintenance technicians who repaired and updated the structures. These oversaw the hydropower from the ocean currents, which powered the complex, they monitored air quality, sewage, and water desalinization, repaired the travel pods, and fixed the plumbing in the individual apartments. 
There was no need for air conditioning or heating because the buildings were completely insulated and the ocean temperature at that depth was stable, so the power was used for day-to-day living. It never shut down or ran out. Desalination pods provided fresh water. Sewage treatment buildings cleaned the waste. Control stations followed processes that left nothing in the oceans, and which eviscerated trash that meandered into their ocean space.
Each control station had one “forested” nature preserve building that grew full-size trees hydroponically, with soil and grass-covered flooring above the roots, and birds and squirrels, raccoons, deer, woodchucks, chipmunks and honeybees milling about to enable people to experience and enjoy a parklike environment.
The Culinary Project had fisherman who caught the seafood, and farmers who harvested edible sea plants outside the complex for the chefs in the main cafeteria and the control station’s luxury restaurants. They grew other herbs and vegetables in multi-storied buildings designated for hydroponic farming. These buildings had entire massive floors devoted to grains, like wheat, barley and oats, with a mill to grind them. Other floors housed hydroponically grown nut and fruit trees, berries and mushrooms, and a number of beehives that pollinated the trees and supplied honey to the chefs and bakers. 
Chefs fed the control station with the food the farmers delivered to the kitchens, while bakers baked with the grains they milled onsite, and the eggs, sugar and spices the kitchen staff procured in bulk on land. The menu was primarily seafood, vegan or vegetarian (persons who ventured on land sometimes sampled meat to see what it tasted like, and some became fans), so except for the spices, sugar, eggs and cheese, and certain other novel treats they brought down from on land sources, the complex was almost entirely self-sufficient, and had been since AD 900. 
The control station apartment building structures were all cylindrical, more wide than tall, with the common areas in the center of each building. They offered the occupants indoor pools and saunas, exercise rooms, recreation rooms, and rooms that offered people holographic virtual reality experiences within any time or place that they selected from a lengthy list. Residents had access to local television broadcasts and used twenty-first century computers to view contemporary websites on the Internet, but still had access to twenty-eighth century fare on their Alert screens. 
The Sports Project maintained a building at each control station with sports arenas and sports training, and held sports events with local teams competing against teams that arrived from other control station and other centuries. The Arts Project maintained a building with theaters that presented movies, live plays, dance performances and music concerts, and had an art/dance/music school with studios to support every type of musical, theater, filming or artistic expression, and a museum that displayed contributions from local talent. There was an entertainment building with an amusement park, playgrounds, “outdoor” swimming holes with rope swings, bicycle paths, and dog parks. There was an educational building where all the children went to school and where adults could continue their education.
The main building in the complex contained a basic cafeteria open to everyone for free, with the addition of several luxury restaurants serving different cuisines where people could pay for more superior meals with their perks. In addition, there was a community center, a bank, a commissary, a medical wing, and an entire wing of Historian assimilation support staff, who included people who kept and manually altered up-to-the-minute clothing in Wardrobe, assigned local identities and biographies to Historians when necessary, provided them with sufficient identifying documentation and cash, and most importantly taught them how to behave in the society they were about to visit. 
The inhabitants needed very little from the outside world, if the outside world did not have abundant resources at a particular time in history. People had comfortably lived this way for hundreds of years, since the very first ocean structures were built as a means of escaping climate change, long before building began on the worldwide control centers. It was a very nice life, with very little sacrifice or deprivation for those who lived and worked there. The tradeoff was that some of the residents would never set foot on land or see open sky in their lifetimes.
Most of the world’s population was traveling throughout time and scattered everywhere or was living in the ocean, which did not claim statehood. Geopolitical leadership was no longer feasible. Instead, the population was divided by “project”, with each project focusing on a different aspect of day-to-day life and societal development. People could move from project to project, but when they did they reported to new leadership and sometimes had to adjust to different laws and rules. The overreaching world laws and rules, however, did not change for them.
The Mitigators led the world as a team, together, replacing all the individual leaders who had traditionally ruled over geographic areas across the world, and who oftentimes decided to kill and conquer so they could increase their power and rule over other, additional geographic areas. The Mitigator team had laws to eject members who viewed leadership in that way, and to subvert anyone who attempted to reinstall that type of leadership into the world order. Fortunately, they had not yet had to enforce those laws. 
There were sub-factions within the larger team of Mitigators, and these split off to focus on specific Projects. The Historian Project, the Culinary Project and the Sports Project each had its own separate team of Mitigators. In some instances, they worked closely together on the same missions, or toward the same goals. Consequently, a person could report to multiple Projects at the same time.
The Criminal Justice Project team addressed law enforcement, which had changed significantly throughout the centuries. After the implementation of time travel and scanners one could no longer commit a crime without being caught, so persons who actually committed crimes under these conditions usually had psychiatric or brain disorders that required attention. They were committed to observation and treatment for varying periods of time, depending on the infraction or the medical condition, but did not go to prison.
Criminal Justice Mitigators worked closely with the Historian Project because Historians had the unique power to change history with a misspoken word or thoughtless action. Doing this and causing an Anomaly was a criminal act, even if it was unintentional. Because they were uniquely capable of committing intentional or unintentional crimes they were subject to special laws, and were more subject to possible imprisonment than any other group of people. The Mitigators could not prevent Historians from criminal infractions that caused Anomalies, but they, with the Criminal Justice Project, could instigate deterrents that made Historians more cautious and less likely to commit them. Historians were subject to the harshest laws and punishments of any of the Project teams, and they were subject to the most punitive form of punishment the Mitigators had devised. In that sense, the career was the riskiest of all of them, and was not suitable for people who spoke or acted thoughtlessly.
Yet another team that the Historian Project heavily relied on was the Finance Project, which focused on investment strategies to fund the control stations, and to supply currency to personnel who ventured on land. In more primitive times the Finance Project gave Historians shells and spices or gold, so they could barter with the locals. In later times they gave them whatever currency the society on land was using.
They obtained the money to support the control stations from investments. As the world economy grew the Finance Project invested in merchant ships, telephones and railroads, then later purchased hundreds of thousands of shares of Apple stock at less than a dollar a share in nineteen eighty-two, then jumped in to buy up Bitcoin in its early days. They continually invested in soon-to-be lucrative companies during their infancy, carefully managing their investments to prevent them from artificially moving the stock market, keeping the control station lights on for generations. With this parasitic piggybacking economic strategy there was never a shortage of cash because there was never a shortage of you-can’t-lose-if-you’re-a-time-traveler investment opportunities that the Finance Project identified throughout history. The end result was that the Financial Project bank balance of cash and perks could generously support, reward and incentivize the entire population of the world for thousands of years. Most importantly to the Historian Project, the Finance Project provided Historians with the money and the means to survive whenever they had to spend extensive periods of time on land. 
Other teams focused on education, or team and personal conflict strategies, space exploration, scientific ethics and innovation, technology, or civic planning, and more. The Mitigators who lead these projects all periodically came together to contribute input on world-centric goals, usually working together without conflict toward their common goal. They were stern but fair toward the population they led, addressing problems as they occurred and identifying common sense solutions that did not give unfair advantage or reward to anyone at someone else’s expense. Their mission, in layman’s terms, was to simply ensure that everyone thrived. Mitigators had a hands-off approach with the population for the most part, but intervened and provided varying levels of support to their project teams when an assignment was particularly rough or the issue was particularly sensitive.
Mitigators did not spend any time pandering to constituents, or raising funds so they could keep their jobs, because they all held their positions for a term of twenty years unless they voluntarily retired or were deemed unfit. Each Mitigator was carefully selected from a pool of nominees by the larger Mitigation team who closely evaluated their competence, intelligence, personal accomplishments and personal philosophy. One could not apply to be a Mitigator, or be promoted to the role, or be elected to the position, or inherit the role of Mitigator from a parent who previously served as one. Mitigators were identified and nominated because they had performed acts that significantly benefited society, and because they had views and temperaments that were consistent with the mission of the Mitigator team. Their promotion to Mitigator required a majority vote. 
Their ultimate world-centric mission was “lasting world peace.” 
Disagreement and internal strife occurred within the Mitigator teams at times, but Mitigators addressed this with mediated arbitration and were legally bound to first attempt a win-win situation. Failing that, they were legally obligated to accept and settle on a compromise, whenever necessary. For this reason they presented their positions to the group with a prioritized list, having already personally identified things they could lose in arbitration to satisfy a legal compromise. If any unexpected concessions caused ruffled feathers, the Mitigation Team subsequently held extensive mollifying gatherings to smooth them, and then always moved forward together like grownups.
There had been no wars since Mitigators had assumed the world leadership role and had put these tactics into place. So far so good, they tentatively concluded. But they would not be complacent because the world could not survive another war, and it was their sworn and sacred duty to ensure that it did not have to.
The Historian Mitigators drew up rules and laws specific to the Historian Project, covering the actions Historians could and could not take on land, and the things they could and could not say to contemporary locals when they went back in time. They could not anticipate every outcome, such as the issue with the Historians who went to Nazi Germany, so the Mitigators tweaked the rules as they observed the process in real time. 
One of the Mitigators’ tweaks required that Historians not leave any trash behind. The discovery of a modern metal screw embedded in a million-year-old rock formation bewildered and startled twentieth century scientists and caused some consternation in that community, which tentatively suggested it might have been left by aliens from outer space. The Mitigators found it totally hilarious but ultimately agreed it was inappropriate, so they took steps to correct it. Scanners now searched for forgotten items that were not from that era after historians wrapped up an assignment. If there were any, Mitigators sent the offending Historian back to fetch them and deducted one or more perks from that Historian’s bank account, depending on the level of carelessness. 
In the beginning the Historian Mitigators moved slowly to test the process with only a few assignments at once so they could observe and correct things that went awry, and then make changes as necessary. Now, after a few decades, the process was more improved so Historians and the events they had recorded numbered in the tens of thousands. However, they still hadn’t encountered everything, so the rules were still in flux. Avid frequently saw the rules change because of mistakes Historians had made that must be prevented in future efforts. He and the other Historians had to keep track of these changes and modify their behavior whenever they received notification of a new law or rule.
The very first Historians practiced their craft in prehistoric times and proceeded through that era without any problems. That effort was completely successful because, while primitive peoples immortalized Historians in sagas they told by the fire and repeated to subsequent generations for a few thousand years, there was nothing tangible left to history that required explanation or cleanup, aside from the random cave painting of travel pods, which archeologists invariably interpreted as something else…perhaps aliens from outer space. 
The problems began in Mesoamerica. The Mitigators observed that primitive societies worshipped the Historians as gods, described them in local myths, and created landmarks that survived for a few thousand years, resulting in centuries of speculation about aliens from outer space. This would not do.
The Mitigators were not familiar with the ”sky people” in Mexico when they first sent Historians to Mesoamerica, and had not drawn the connection between them and their own team of twenty-eighth century Historians until after the assignment was complete and the damage was done. They changed the rules, forbidding anyone to interact with the locals henceforth, unless they had received extensive training, received clearance, and were closely monitored. They made every effort to cloak any air travel in populated areas. They also recognized the need for Race Dynasties to make personal interaction less necessary in highly populated areas, the Historians themselves less noteworthy and saga-worthy, and physical attack less likely in the more primitive locations. 
They must remain unseen, or at least unnoticed in populous areas, so they were now pulled from a pool of Historians who looked like the locals. Race Dynasties now protected the DNA of people who looked like tribes of Native Americans from northernmost Alaska to the tip of South America, to Hispanics of every stripe, to Pacific Islanders, to Mongolian herders, to Aborigines in Australia. The rarer, less populous dynasties were frequently boosted by “designer children” with carefully-selected or sometimes manipulated DNA so there was an ample supply of available people to complete Historian assignments. To deliver Historians suitable for more ancient civilizations and tribes the scientists obtained DNA from individuals who lived thousands of years ago, then placed the genes that controlled their appearance into the embryos of otherwise modern DNA samples.


Sunday, March 14, 2021, Time 1716 Hours, Anomaly
The door to the transitional chamber opened as the travel pod coasted through the water to the parking area beneath Avid’s apartment building. The sound and vibration of the wildlife deterrent rang out as sea life scrambled to safety rather than follow the travel pod through the door to get trapped within the chamber. Then the door closed behind him.
The pod slowly made its way through the low-ceilinged first chamber, where it was still submerged. The door to the second chamber opened, and the pod passed through as the second door closed behind it. The pod rose to the surface of the water within a high-ceilinged chamber, where it coasted to its docking station between two walkways that led into the building. A few dozen other pods were parked throughout the chamber for travel between the buildings, and for aboveground travel for those who had clearance to go on land. 
Avid disembarked onto the walkway, entered the building, and went to the apartment he was staying in for the duration of this assignment. As he reached his door, the Alert screen displayed pulsing red in front of his face. It simply said, “Anomaly”.
Avid muttered “Whoa,” and went into his apartment, where he nervously threw himself onto the couch. He pulled off his Nikes, kicked them under the coffee table and tried to compose himself, rubbing his temples and taking deep yoga breaths. He stared out the wide, tall windows onto a glorious panorama of teeming sea life, hoping it would calm him down. He wanted to give himself a minute before he faced the bad news. He had never before triggered an Anomaly. This was a Historian’s highest crime and most chilling nightmare.
His apartment was furnished in a style that was consistent with the early twenty-first century era. That meant that much of the furniture was actually styled as “mid-century” from the nineteen-fifties but newer and fortunately not pink or turquoise. Instead, the décor leaned more toward mauve or teal. The Interior Design Team always tried to use locally-sourced furnishings, replacing them every ten years or so. This meant that the furniture in the room would be different if he returned to it one hundred years ago or one thousand years ago, or twenty years from now. The team made concessions for comfort in past centuries when people typically squatted over fires and slept on the ground, so the experience was endurable for historians who received assignments in more primitive times. For those people, maintenance staff moved furniture in from later centuries to complement all the requisite plumbing fixtures and appliances. 
Comfortable accommodations were the baseline, but more luxurious comfort was doled out to those with higher status rankings, such as Educators, Heroes or people who had earned perks for their service and accomplishments and had chosen to trade them in for living accommodations like these. Avid had been assigned a Hero apartment even though he wasn’t a Hero, so Maintenance had moved out the Hero furnishings and replaced them with items more consistent with his social status. His furnishings were pleasant and efficient, but largely obtained from Ikea. Until he earned enough perks and cared enough to swap everything out (which he did not – he would never squander his perks on furniture or an apartment), his furnishings would remain as they were.
His apartment had more and larger windows than he was used to. Expansive windows like these were technically above Avid’s status rank. This particular apartment should have gone to a Hero or that misguided someone who had cashed in a lifetime’s worth of perks. However, Avid fell into it by sheer luck because there were no available apartments suitable for his ranking when he checked into the control station at the beginning of his assignment. The Mitigators never permitted accommodation downgrades at the control stations (that would indicate disrespect and ingratitude for someone’s service, and would adversely impact morale), but they did allow for upgrades whenever necessary, and Avid was the happy recipient of one of these. 
His building connected to the closest six buildings, as well as the main building, with wide, full-ocean-view air walks where people strolled between buildings, exercised their dogs, jogged, or rode their bikes. There were also shuttles for people who wanted or needed to ride to their destinations in the other buildings, unless they preferred taking a travel pod.
His building’s proximity to the main building made it very desirable. Additional buildings further away had air walks, but they did not have main building access, so there was a waiting list of people attempting to transfer into one of buildings adjacent to the main one. Avid was only assigned to this building ahead of the waitlist because of the aforementioned rule that stated Historians could never receive accommodation downgrades.
Each building was a wide cylinder, about fourteen stories high. The individual high-status apartments, like Avid’s, jutted out from the outer edges of each cylinder’s uppermost residential floors like rounded, windowed, half-exposed disks. These outer apartments had three to five bedrooms and the finest views. Historian-status apartments, such as the one Avid should have received, were nestled between the Hero apartments on the higher floors, or comprised the bulk of the units on lower floors. These had one to three bedrooms and sufficient but not impressive window views. Apartments for control station staff had small windows and four to six rooms each. 
The lowest-status apartments were small one-room efficiencies with no windows at all. These were tucked between the outer apartments and the inner common areas just like the internal cabins on a cruise ship. The people who lived in these were recent students just out of training and newly independent, people who chose a simpler lifestyle, people who were serving time for crimes, or those who simply never progressed in their careers and never earned better accommodations. 
Avid’s apartment was on the prestigious tenth floor, with three bedrooms and a sauna he never used. He liked the hot tub, though. He was only one floor below the pools, the tennis courts, the hardball courts, and a world class virtual reality center. Above that floor was a recreation area with playgrounds and water slides. The floor above that had several nightclub areas with live entertainment, plus recreational halls residents could reserve for parties. The top floor was an observation deck with glass ceilings and walls, a bar and two upscale restaurants, and plenty of seating for people who just wanted to relax and enjoy the view.
The “half-exposed-disk” design of Avid’s apartment provided an impressive 180-degree view of the ocean floor, breathtaking because it looked out onto an underwater mountain range with colorful plant life and countless sea creatures. Avid had never lived in accommodations this exquisite, and he was thoroughly enjoying the experience. He just would never have been willing to sacrifice his perks to live there.
Outside his over-large windows the sea life was tranquilly beautiful, with fish swimming past and plant life calmly swaying in the currents. The surrounding ocean was essentially an enormous saltwater aquarium with fish and plant life performing hypnotically for Avid’s benefit, so he turned his eyes to the scene to brace himself before addressing the Anomaly.
A blue shark meandered past the window. Avid hoped this was not a bad omen.
“Proceed,” Avid instructed the display screen. He nervously bit the cuticle of his thumb.
“Revised instructions,” the screen read. “Conference.”
The screen then displayed the live image of Vendi, who was one of the Mitigators’ spokespeople. Avid had worked with her several times before.
“Hi, Avid,” she said. “Change in plans. Here’s what happened.”
Avid held his breath and chewed the cuticle of his forefinger. His upload of the Joseph D’Andre McKenna file reflected an Anomaly, Vendi explained. It indicated that something had occurred between the time Avid uploaded the files and the time he returned home to change the already-recorded continuum of events. New information indicated that Joseph would never become U.S. Supreme Court Justice, or anything else, because he would be lynched by a pair of white supremacists in eight weeks. 
“He’s a critical save,” Vendi said. “We can’t let this pass. In fact, he’s an urgent save. I’ve never seen the Mitigators this concerned before, if you want to know the truth, so we’ve already reassigned everything you had scheduled for the next eight weeks. You’ll be working with the Heroes on this one, so I’ve scheduled them to meet with you in fifteen minutes. We’re sending them to your place.” She looked past his shoulder. “Straighten the place up.”
Hearing the word “Heroes,” Avid peevishly moaned to himself, “No-o-o-o.” He neglected to erect mental thought barriers because it was only Vendi. They had worked together before, and he knew she felt the same way.
“I heard that,” Vendi said, projecting a frowny emoji onto the screen. Then she snorted and giggled over Avid’s annoyance until, finally, she pulled her face into a serious expression.
Avid quickly put up his blocking defenses so Vendi couldn’t hear him do the mental math about his dealings with Heroes. He had had extensive therapy sessions from the time he had first encountered them in school. There was something about him that prompted them to victimize him from the first time one of them had asked a favor of him and he had good naturedly granted it. The therapist had trained him to be hard around them and to never give in to their demands or wheedling manipulations, tears or threats, so he could be tough after all these years, mostly, but it was still stressful being around them. His therapist said the Heroes habitually victimized him because Avid was an “empath” and they “were not.” He left Avid to interpret that as he would.
Avid was thinking about all this with a curled lip. Then he suddenly froze and remembered why he was having this conference. He became contrite.
“Was it something I did?” An Anomaly was every historian’s nightmare. He could lose his job and perhaps his perks and his freedom because triggering an Anomaly was one of the worst crimes a historian could commit, even inadvertently. He was deeply frightened.
“We’re still looking into it and tracing it backwards. Someone showed up at the event who wasn’t supposed to be there, and we’re trying to figure out who and why. You’re not under any suspicion.”
What they knew thus far was that two of the white supremacists in the crowd at the Terrence Jackson murder had taken issue with Joseph’s behavior. They called themselves the Fairfax Freedom Fighters, an aspirational name for an organization with only two members. They had been planning a lynching in a rural pocket of Fairfax County, Virginia, and had been actively scouting for victims. Heroes had already been assigned to their upcoming lynching event because it was going to be particularly gruesome, but the urgency of the Hero role had just increased substantially because the subjects had decided to include Joseph among the group of young Black men they were planning to lynch. They had followed him home on the day of the Terrance Jackson event, taken note of his address, bookmarked it on their GPS apps, and were now making plans. 
In the event of an Anomaly, an all-new snippet of history inserted itself into the existing continuum. No one involved could predict what the outcome would be, other than to insert the new Anomaly event into the continuum projection and see what was likely to happen with these new changes. The goal of the Mitigators was to repair the breach with actions that might reverse the Anomaly, and create an outcome that ideally was identical to the original outcome. They wanted the pre-anomaly continuum to skip over that unwelcome Anomaly snippet of time, then progress seamlessly into the future, with the original continuum proceeding just as it had originally. Failing that, the future had to be close to identical when the original continuum resumed, with changes that caused no major disruptions in the upcoming sequence of events. 
Mitigators could not predict what would transpire between now and the lynching because a quick computer analysis of the current-day scanner footage would display several trajectories of the possible outcome based on the subjects’ currently unfinished plans. These plans would likely change in some manner. The Mitigators didn’t bother taking this approach because there were too many variables.
Instead, they had to devise potential scenarios one by one, called “snippets,” and then instruct the computer to enter each snippet’s code into the continuum projection and run a separate projection for each one. The computer then compared the new continuum projections against the original continuum, and provided potential success/failure results for each snippet with an accuracy rate of between eighty and ninety percent. 
The Mitigators needed to find the perfect combination of Historians, actions, and local players. They had to think of specific potential actions and contingencies, then apply them to specific Historians and local participants, while combining and recombining the players and the actions to create hundreds of scenarios within the first forty eight hours. They would continue devising more snippets until at least one projection suggested a high rate of success. The search for a solution wasn’t manual, but coming up with that perfect combination of Historians, actions, and local players was. The Mitigators had to think of every potential action themselves, seated in a closed conference room where interruptions were forbidden and food was slipped through the door and left on the floor for them. The process required surgical precision to identify the specific approaches and the specific players involved so they could assemble the perfect emergency team, and then hope for success. 
Just as an Anomaly was a Historian’s worst and most chilling nightmare, this manual effort was a Mitigator’s worst and most chilling nightmare. It was so fraught with potential failure that they only took this approach when the situation was dire, as it was in this instance. In the past they had encountered situations where they could not come up with a successful solution, or one or more of the actors failed when they attempted to correct the Anomaly. These were instances that permanently changed the continuum and created an alternate history. The Mitigators were terrified that this might happen with the McKenna Anomaly. This one, small, adolescent male was supposed to play a critical role in both national and world history. Losing him now would be the historical equivalent of assassinating Abraham Lincoln before he freed the slaves.
Everyone received notice that only Mitigators would now perform even the most minor and mundane tasks associated with the McKenna Anomaly. Scheduling a conference call or ordering lunch now became the job of a Mitigator, with Vendi contacting the appropriate parties to issue any instructions the Mitigators had for them. 
Two Mitigators left the room and returned to their personal stations to perform these minor side tasks, receiving and implementing instructions from the Mitigators who were still in that room concocting scenarios and crunching computer code. Mitigators performed the side tasks in four-hour rotations, returning to the conference room when their shifts ended, to be replaced by two other Mitigators, and so on. 
Two more Mitigators left the larger group to field critical issues that still came in from Historians concerning their assignments, leaning heavily on support personnel to resolve the more routine problems, again in four-hour shifts. They rotated these responsibilities amongst the entire team of Mitigators, each taking around-the-clock four-hour shifts in turn on the various tasks. They permitted themselves six-hour rest breaks for sleep every eighteen hours on a rotating schedule.
They had decided to have rotating Mitigators monitor live scanner footage of all the players involved in the effort, and to intervene with them as necessary, or to provide helpful information to the Historians if they hit a snag. Avid was therefore now under constant live surveillance by the Mitigators, who were not sleeping well in this moment. Vendi did not tell him he was being watched because the Mitigators advised her not to, just yet. She hadn’t even broken the news to him that he was now involved in the effort to repair the Anomaly. Mitigator surveillance would not be a part of that discussion. Let him ease into the assignment, the Mitigators had told her. He would find out that they were watching him soon enough. 
She began by describing the Anomaly repair effort to Avid.
The two subjects were James Stoughton of the three-hundred-year-old Stoughton Tobacco Farm, Inc., and Max Richmond, son of the CEO of the Richmond-Steinbeck financial conglomerate. They were both aged twenty-nine, residents of Fairfax County and graduates of Ivy League colleges. Their social ranking and financial situation was unexpected for the type of mayhem they were planning, but Vendi theorized that they presumed they would get away with it because of their parents’ money and influence. They probably viewed this as a naughty but legally escapable and forgivable joy ride. They had a history of alt-right political activities, which had thus far been buried and excused by their families and extended contacts, so they had become cocky. Until now, neither was considered dangerous. 
In the original continuum their luck ran out and James Stoughton served life in prison without parole. Max Richmond died in prison of Covid-19 while awaiting trial. 
The Mitigators were now studying different scenarios to determine what actions the Heroes could take to put the continuum back in order with minimal disruption, Vendi told Avid. Since the subjects originally had little personal impact on the continuum after the lynching, either in prison or dying while awaiting trial, killing them might be under consideration, if killing them would save Joseph. If they had to kill the two subjects before they’d completed the crime the Heroes would then have to lynch the other young men themselves to repair the continuum. If they killed only Max before the lynching and left the other subject to stand alone, the Heroes would have to ensure that the treatment of the victims was so ghastly that the murders warranted life in prison without parole for James. If they killed James before the lynching, they simply had to kill the victims in a scenario that ensured prison time for Max. 
Avid grimaced as Vendi spoke.
The subjects would point to the Heroes as accomplices. However, the Heroes would forever be “at large” from the standpoint of law enforcement, and their involvement would not change the outcome for the subjects. They were free to do whatever they needed to do to recreate the original outcome of the crime, once the Mitigators reviewed all the options and gave them the go-ahead.
As for now, the Heroes had to study scanner footage of the original event, and familiarize themselves with the actions the subjects originally took in order to make certain the crime they potentially committed was equally horrific this time around. They could not do the job halfway and risk a shorter sentence for James, unless the Mitigators found that this trajectory had him dying in prison before he was released or showed that he had no impact on the continuum after release. Continuum projections indicated this was too big of a risk. 
Vendi had told the Heroes to be prepared to commit a horrible crime without any assistance from the subjects at all, if they had to. At the very least, killing Max Richmond was a viable option because he was due to die in prison by late July anyway. The Mitigators had their fingers crossed that his death at the time of the lynching would be the worst consequence of this Anomaly, and they were now studying the various computer projections of other actions and consequences, attempting to avoid that scenario. 
Hearing all this, Avid was very grateful to not be a Hero in this moment.
“You’re being cleared for interaction with the locals. The Mitigators think that Max Richmond is persuadable. That’s why we’re going to attempt to redirect him so he reverts back to lynching only the original victims.”
“Who’s going to persuade him to do that? Not me, right?” Avid felt a cold rush of anxiety.
Vendi displayed the image of a woman and her personal data: Helen Andersen, Psychologist. Date of birth: June 5, 1953, New York, NY. Married on June 30, 1987 to Barry Anderson, born August 12, 1949, died September 1, 2017, stroke. Son: Lucas Anderson, born December 29, 1990, died April 15, 2017, suicide.” There was an additional link to her community involvement and awards.
Avid did not notice that this person’s bio information did not display her death date. 
“This is Max’s psychologist. She’s treating him for a personality disorder, so he obviously has serious issues. They’re working on his impulsivity and subservience – he’s susceptible to persuasion, and is a “follower”. He hasn’t exactly confessed what he’s up to, but he dropped some vague hints and she doesn’t know how to decipher them. If you can give her insight into what he’s telling her, the Mitigators think she can somehow persuade him that Joseph is an ‘impulse purchase’, as it were. To lynch him would be a setback in his treatment. Or something.”
Avid cleared his throat miserably and grimaced. The gravity of the situation and his involvement in indirect, third-party persuasion tactics seemed insane and doomed to fail. He wanted out.
Vendi tried to sound perky and positive. “He’s actually earnest and sincere about this treatment, believe it or not. That’s what convinced the Mitigators to take this route. It’s crazy, but it’s all we have to back up the Heroes. If that doesn’t work, the Heroes will cut the rope or something to save Joseph ─ they’ll let us know what they’ve figured out –but that could backfire because the subjects have lots of weapons. A lot of things can go wrong.”
When the Mitigators finally came to a decision, they would instruct the Heroes on all acceptable courses of action. The Heroes would then assess the situation in the moment and choose from those options, then do whatever they needed to do. But…if Avid Burhan successfully persuaded Max Richmond’s psychologist to talk him out of lynching Joseph, Vendi told him, the crime might take place just as it had in the original continuum, and the outcome might be identical to the original outcome. 
This was not Avid’s strong suit. He had never ever done anything like this before and he was afraid he was going to fail at it, then lose his job or his comfortable lifestyle and his perks. It was so tricky. It was so critical. He felt so incompetent in the face of it. He had never had to confront this kind of situation in his entire career. In fact, he had only ever had clearance to interact with the locals a few times before, and it was always more stressful than he liked.
“Are they sure they want me to be the one to take this on? I’ve never done anything like this. I’m not sure I can pull it off. They need to understand this. I really, really don’t know what I’m doing here.” He chewed the cuticle on his ring finger, then added, panicking, “Can’t the Heroes just sling some sort of bullshit to talk these guys out of killing Joseph?”
“They’re Heroes, so we’re fully confident they’ll sling whatever bullshit they must. I expect them to rain ample bullshit down upon these rancid motherfuckers.”
“Good to know. Nevertheless, isn’t there someone who can do this better than I can? I swear I don’t know how ─ I really don’t know how to do this ─ and this is too important.” 
He felt his heart rate rise, and he could hear his heart beating in his ears. It was beating far too fast. He had never fainted before, or had a heart attack or stroke, and he wondered if he was about to do all of that at once.
“You’re it, I’m afraid. Buckle up.” Vendi grew thoughtful and she studied him. Avid’s face was impassive but she telepathically caught his panic and self-doubt, and knew he wanted to pull himself into the fetal position and cry. “I’ll buy you dinner in whatever place and time you like when this is over, okay?” She said it gently, consolingly. “I’m serious. This is a tough assignment from every angle, and I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you.”
His heart rate had spiked at the words, “You’re it,” and was still racing.
He needed a hug right now. Sensing that Avid was emotionally paralyzed and about to experience a full-blown panic attack, Vendi sent him a long, warm telepathic heart hug. “You’ll be great,” she told him in his thoughts. Telepathic messages had far more impact than verbal ones, so she made hers persuasive and supportive. “We all know you’ll be great, which is why they assigned this to you. And besides. You’re just the backup. Nobody expects you to carry the full weight of the effort.” She gave him a second long telepathic heart hug as a booster to the first. It had a visible effect in calming Avid down, and it made him feel stronger.
He regained his composure and looked up. “Fine,” he said. “I’ll do my best.”
“It’s a small ask, really, if you think about it, to talk with a psychologist. Just talk to her the way you talk to me or anyone else. You even have clearance to tell her you’re a time traveler because she’s legally and ethically bound to not repeat anything you say to anyone.” 
Considering this, Vendi added, “You’ll probably have to tell her right away to get her to cooperate and to fully understand how serious this is.”
“Wow.” Avid pulled in a sharp breath. Vendi sensed the anxiety levels shooting even higher. “Hold on. Are you sure about this? Or are you setting me up for prison?”  
Under no circumstances was a historian ever – ever – permitted to admit to the locals he or she was a time traveler. People who told the locals they were time travelers were almost always lying. He’d never even heard of anyone doing it before in his lifetime because the penalties were so severe. Or rather, he had heard of a few who had told locals they were from the future, and they ended up locked away in primitive mental institutions. The Mitigators frequently left them there for a time as punishment. When the institution finally released them, or the Mitigators extracted them, they were relieved of their duties and sidelined from any sort of work for the term of their sentence, effectively preventing them from earning any perks until the punishment period expired. 
It was called “prison” but there were no cells and no bars. Criminal violators included Historians who admitted they were time travelers to the locals, Historians or other control station personnel who triggered Anomalies, or others who broke laws. They were moved into one of those tiny windowless apartments and had to permanently forfeit some or all the perks they had accumulated as a penalty. If they were permitted to keep any, those perks were frozen until the completion of their sentence.
Prisoners had only limited contact with anyone else, and were only permitted to speak to other people when they performed community service. However, they were prevented from earning perks, so their community service did not reward them as it normally would, except to give them human contact. Aside from that, they were essentially shunned by everyone, with unwelcome punishment for anyone who spoke to, or interacted with them. No one ever did because no one wanted to be punished. Consequently, violators were very eager to serve the community in any capacity at all, without reward. 
Whoever triggered the McKenna Anomaly would be facing this punishment for a very, very long time.
Criminals were permitted and encouraged to improve themselves with continued education, by serving society, or by contributing creative expression, such as art or music, drama, dance, etc. so their time in social exile was deliberately structured to not be empty and meaningless. But aside from self-imposed study, community service, or creative effort, they existed in a form of painful isolation and social exile in the midst of their peers for the duration of their sentence. “Prison” was an extremely effective deterrent. 
Of course, not every “time traveler” in a mental institution was a Historian, just a handful of unwise ones.
“How do I tell someone with the power to institutionalize me that I’m a time traveler?”
“I know it’s scary, but she’s totally trustworthy. We vetted her, so you can tell her anything you want, except for the usual basic restrictions. There’s a slight chance that she might think you’re delusional and try to hospitalize you, but local laws prohibit her from doing that without your consent, so I wouldn’t worry. We can extract you from the situation anyway if something like that were to happen.”
Vendi displayed a clearance document for Avid to review with the unusual ─ in fact unheard of ─ addition of a clause that permitted discussion about time travel with one person, Helen Anderson, PHD. The clause stated specifically that it did not extend to any other parties. It seemed legitimate. Avid reluctantly submitted his approval of the clause. His folded hands were shaking in his lap.
The “basic restrictions” Vendi had reminded Avid to adhere to prevented historians from referring to any future events when they were on land, even if they were not speaking directly to a local or thought they were alone. They also could not conversationally state to a local what Jesus was “really like”, for instance, and dish dirt on the water-into-wine situation or the healing of the lepers. They could not reveal who killed John F. Kennedy, whether or not the 911 attack was an inside job, or mention what they had learned in the future about any other widely-known controversial mysteries that had not yet been definitively solved. Anything they said on land had to be strictly appropriate for that date in history, and could only reference information that people of that time and place would already know, or could access online and confirm with a little effort.
Historians also could not interfere with anything that had occurred during the recorded past lest they impact recorded history in any way and trigger an Anomaly. Historians could not speak to the locals at all, even in passing, unless they were cleared for interaction. When they were, it was a frightening responsibility so Historians typically did not speak much. In fact, if a local attempted to start a conversation, Historians typically extricated themselves from the situation immediately and left without responding. 
The Heroes were almost always in situations where they had to interact, so they were almost always cleared for interaction. They were also required to adhere to the basic restrictions, with a few additional restrictions that addressed their enhanced risks and responsibilities. However, Heroes were unlikely to engage in what they largely considered a waste their time: discussing historical mysteries with the locals. If they weren’t permitted to do that, it suited them just fine. In addition, their propensity for lying made it unlikely they would ever tell anyone the truth about anything anyway. 
Of utmost importance, Historians could not warn people when they knew they were walking into danger, and they could never save them from it. All they could say was, “Goodbye,” and they could only say that if they were cleared for local interaction.
Vendi smiled. “I’ll need frequent updates from you. You’ll be great.”
Avid grunted because he had no words, and he shook his head.
“The Heroes are armed with ample bullshit,” she repeated. “Rest easy about that. Signing off.” The screen disappeared.
The Mitigators would soon learn that the McKenna Anomaly occurred because a Historian gave directions to two white supremacists who had heard about Terrence Jackson on the illegal police radio one of them had in his car. The subjects were supposed to have gotten lost on their way to the event, but the person they stopped on the street for directions happened to be a Historian who was sightseeing between assignments, and whose interference enabled the subjects to arrive in time for the event. The Historian did not have authorization to interact and responded without thinking, but even with clearance it was the type of interaction a Historian was never supposed to participate in. 
To address this Anomaly, the Mitigators immediately instructed the Language Technician team to adjust the language settings for all non-authorized Historians to prohibit them from speaking in the local language on land in any year or location, even if it was a Historian’s native language. Instead, what would now spew from their mouths whenever they spoke on land was an extinct and archived language from an ancient Native American tribe. 
Historians who triggered Anomalies were punished. The historian who was responsible for this one should be very concerned, particularly considering the critical consequences of the continuum break. Avid hoped it wasn’t one of his friends because in a situation like this one he might never be able to see or talk to that person again.


Local Interaction Clearance (LIC) involved significant preparation. The control station had a team of assimilation experts who specialized in cultural norms and wardrobe fashion, and dressed the Historians in clothing specific to the time period. Language Technicians adjusted the settings on the Historians’ language implants so they spoke in the local dialect with local accents, and style experts styled their hair and, as appropriate, makeup or facial hair. Social Assimilation experts taught them appropriate behavior for both the location and the year, and created the Historian’s Character Biographies, which Historians would refer to conversationally, as appropriate, whenever they interacted with the locals. 
Assimilation for regular Historians primarily involved wardrobe and setting up local identities with government ID cards. Everyone also got a smart phone with a local phone number, which they would use to communicate with locals, if necessary, and to hold up to their ears to appear to be speaking on the phone as they conducted conversations on their Alert screens (in pre-cellphone eras Historians slipped into phone booths, or hid in a secluded spot so they could converse unseen). They provided driver’s licenses if necessary, and various other identity-confirming documentation or public records and social media accounts that would support the efforts of the Heroes in particular, and regular Historians on occasion. After the assignment ended, the Assimilation team went back and purged any of the public records that referred to the false identities.
One of the Social Assimilation Experts created biographies for the characters these two Heroes would assume, describing wealthy parents and past participation in a particularly raucous Ivy League fraternity, Beta Gamma Delta, which the subject Max Richmond had also belonged to. 
Typically this expert referred to the Name Registry Database and then selected something from the more popular choices listed under the character’s birth year. However, one could not fully customize the name registry database just for the Heroes as he wished to, so this expert switched to a twenty-first century laptop and launched a browser, which opened to Google. He then typed keywords from the character’s biography into the Search field (in this case “ivy league”), and added the word “porn”. Then he viewed the results before making a decision.
One of his top search results was the porn movie, “Boys on Call” about two Ivy League gigolos. The movie looked very lively, so he assigned Azuka Hämäläinen the name “Chad Ford,” and called Kirill Volkov “Dirk Van de Kamp” after the movie’s two main characters. However, he took the precaution of switching the characters’ last names in case the subjects had seen that movie. Then he created their social media accounts and printed out the identification documents. 
Since their characters were “rich” the pair of Heroes shopped for vehicles that cost more than $200,000. Chad bought a red Tesla Roadster and Dirk selected a roomy, high-end black Range Rover with tinted windows in case it became necessary for him to transport dead bodies or hog-tied prisoners. Another Assimilation Expert was now teaching them to drive in empty parking lots on land. They were also learning how to plug in the Roadster to charge it, and to fill the tank of a Range Rover with gasoline. They would soon learn how to use the windshield wipers and the door locks. Neither was successfully learning how to parallel park. 
The Assimilation Expert had misgivings about their general performance behind the wheel and shared her concerns with the Mitigators. The Mitigators received the update and instructed the Human Resources team to assign each Hero a driver. Those drivers had to be Heroes because of the nature of the upcoming event, even though they would not actually be participating in the action or interacting with the locals. They found two who were not scheduled for any pressing events and were on record as being experienced twentieth and twenty-first century drivers, so the Time Travel Technicians dropped them off at the Mid-Atlantic control station on March 19, 2021. 
These new drivers disembarked from the Time Travel portal in a far wing of the main building wearing voluminous hoop-skirted garb from the American Civil War, hauling their belongings behind them in large, over-packed, wheeled suitcases. Four residents of the control station assisted them by pulling or carrying the rest of their belongings for them. The Heroes smiled at the people who assisted them, but didn’t think to thank them.
Their arrival gave them three full days to familiarize themselves with Chad and Dirk and the vehicles, do a little research on the time period, and map out their travels before they met up with the subjects on March 23, 2021.
And so Nectar and Janicyl moved into Hero apartments and excitedly awaited their instructions to drive extremely upscale vehicles for a couple of other Heroes for a few weeks. This was a very nice assignment, they agreed, particularly since their recent experience as Civil War field nurses had been extremely distasteful. All that blood and dysentery was disgusting. The smells. The cannon fire and the guns. The screaming and the sobs. The filthy, crusty bandages that they, Nectar and Janicyl, were tasked with changing. The maggoty gangrenous wounds. The limb amputations with no anesthesia. The stinking piss pots. All those dead bodies drawing flies. 
Janicyl’s debriefing report wherein she commented on the previous assignment at its conclusion began with the single word: “Ew.” The remainder of the report listed her preferences for her next assignment and made no further mention of her experiences and observations in the American Civil War. 
This new assignment met Janicyl’s preferences very well indeed, was a well-earned respite, and was significantly more to her liking than the Battle of Shiloh and its aftermath. She was settling in happily.
Nectar and Janicyl immediately coordinated with the Wardrobe Assimilation Experts to get their hair styled and makeup done, and to prepare for their new assignment and its upcoming event. Before going to Wardrobe they had spent significant time prowling the Internet for tips and ideas, scrolling through Instagram and YouTube for inspiration.
Janicyl was a very slender, dark-haired, green-eyed woman with preternaturally pale skin. She preferred a severe look, and had her hair styled to look like the lead actress in the movie Amelie, circa 2001, with very short bangs and a straight blunt cut that came an inch below her ears. She liked smoky eyes with dark cherry red lips and bold metal jewelry in geometric shapes. She had an overall dominant and confrontational look that made you hesitate to encounter her in an alley.
Nectar was a petite blond with a sweet and engaging face, and a look of childlike innocence. She had huge dark-lashed blue eyes and long, soft blond curls. She preferred her clothing to be long, flowing and soft, like her hair, with floral fabrics and lace. She had a beautiful smile, teeth like pearls, and creamlike skin. She was the one you would run to rescue in an alley, only to have her turn around and cut you, then steal your wallet and kick your shins while calling you insulting names. 
They did not like the shoes the Wardrobe Experts offered, so they applied for approval to obtain shoes and handbags on land that were more to their liking. They insisted that they needed at least ten pairs of shoes each, as well as multiple handbags ─ Janicyl liked Hermes in this time period, and Nectar was delighted with Valentino Garavani ─ and demanded that the balance on their prepaid debit cards for this shopping adventure be increased to forty thousand dollars each, with no limit on daily or individual expenditures. Wardrobe experts would not mind, would they, if they also went shopping for clothes? When they examined the stack of blue jeans, Nikes, long-sleeved t-shirts, and blouses, skirts, and dresses that were suitable for the workplace, they determined that Wardrobe clothing was not adequate for their needs. The money was a totally reasonable request, they insisted. After all, they also needed to get their nails done and were in dire need of a spa day after their sad experience in the American Civil War. 
With an eye roll, a Historian Mitigator signed off on the request the Wardrobe Expert had escalated for approval, including the unapproved clothing choices, and then increased authorization for the women’s debit card balance to eighty thousand dollars each. They would spend it all in less than three weeks, the Mitigator knew, but an insufficient balance would only result in them ceaselessly hounding staff until they got more. The Mitigator was familiar with them, knew exactly what to expect, and predicted they would come back complaining about their inadequate allowances before the assignment concluded. In the meantime, a ridiculous allowance would buy everyone a few of weeks of peace and quiet. With the McKenna Anomaly to deal with they needed to be left alone and not be harassed over handbags. 
The Heroes themselves were pleasantly surprised that their allowance and clothing requests had all been approved, particularly the one about them selecting their own wardrobes. They had never been permitted to do that before. It made them feel emboldened by their critical importance to the project.
The two Heroes spent all day Saturday, March 20, 2021, looking for upscale boutiques and shops where they could try on cute clothing and shoes, and spend money. When they finally found one that was willing to allow them in the door provided they wore masks, they spent hours and thousands of dollars. Then they located a spa that was open during the pandemic shutdown, where they could each receive a salt rub pedicure and manicure for only $400, along with complimentary wine or cucumber water, their choice (they chose wine) plus a scented neck and shoulder rub. They would return for a more thorough spa experience in a few days when they had more time.
An Assimilation Expert handed Chad an American flag decal to affix to the back of his car. Chad dutifully placed it on the bottom of the rear window, admiring how the red stripes and that dash of blue complemented his bright red Tesla. Flags and nationalism meant nothing to people in the twenty-eight century, although Chad recognized it as having something to do with God and Country. He primarily felt the decal was an excellent design choice. 
Dirk received a Confederate flag and placed it on his rear bumper. When he requested information about the flag, his Alert screen had to inform him that it represented the losing side of the American Civil War. That confused him. Why would he deliberately display a flag for the losers in a war? The Alert screen explained that the flag was a popular choice among white supremacists. That was fine because of this assignment, but it just didn’t sit well with him, that the flag they’d given him suggested that he was a loser. Why had he gotten it, and not Chad? It almost made him pout.
There were other details in the brief, which Chad and Dirk carefully studied and pondered while downing vodka and shooting darts at a picture of an Educator they had both had some years back, whom they did not particularly care for. (They swapped out the picture for anyone or anything that seemed appropriate for their mood. Then they annihilated it.) 
It was a primitive game, darts, but they liked it. Dirk had ordered the set from Amazon.com and had just retrieved it from an Amazon locker on land. 
They were lounging in the main building in the Community Center near the Commissary, newly named and calling each other “Chad” and “Dirk” to get accustomed to it, enjoying their vodka and their darts, reviewing the aforementioned brief between dart throws, and planning their upcoming assignment. They had been issued IDs and phones, and had debit cards with insane cash limits. They had actual paper cash in Gucci wallets and Burberry Chase London money clips. They had impressive vehicles and two luxury condos, one each, for entertaining the subjects. 
They had visited Wardrobe and had procured their costumes, taking extra clothing and shoes with them to fill the condo closets in case they needed a change of clothing on land, and to make the space appear to be lived in, should the subjects go snooping. Their bathrooms were filled with luxury shaving equipment, fluffy monogrammed towels and bathrobes, expensive skin care products for men, and a basket of bath bombs next to each massive raised marble tub. 
Their bathrooms had heated floors and voice-controlled heated and scented bidets, sauna and steam rooms, and $40,000 Spa Circolare Ceiling Mount Single-Function Flat Dream Light Chromatherapy Showerheads (Chad found the product online and requested it. Dirk agreed that he needed one too, as he felt that his character’s shower experience should always involve an LED light show.). 
Finally, the Translation Technicians adjusted their verbal translation setup so that when they spoke on land their speech inflexions would sound like someone from the upper classes in twenty-first century Fairfax, Virginia, with a hint of Ivy League. 
Residents of the control stations spoke Hinduese. However, when Historians traveled on land the language implant automatically shifted their speech to whatever language, accent or colloquial inflections the language experts had programmed into their settings. Their accent might be Spanish, Chinese, or French, as the situation called for, as soon as they set foot on land and spoke, and they could do nothing to control it.
The Translation Technicians made certain that whenever Historians spoke, the translation implants automatically recognized their mental “speak” commands and translated their thoughts into the speech characteristics of their assigned characters. The implants also filtered out anything they did not specifically intend to say out loud. This filtering element took some training and practice, initially, but eventually became second nature to the Historians. The Heroes were particularly adept at communicating with the locals because they were almost always cleared for local interaction, so they used the implant almost constantly. People like Avid, who used it infrequently, found it slightly more difficult to sound “normal” to people on land.
When the Historians listened, the translation setup automatically identified the language of the speaker from the vast language database, no matter how obscure that language was, and enabled them to understand what the other person was saying. If they heard an unfamiliar word or term, they mentally requested the Alert screen, which defined the term and provided informational video footage with details so the Historian could respond appropriately. This was critical, not only because of their unfamiliarity with the time and place, but because English had gone the way of Latin, and few people spoke it anymore as a first language. English had been phased out by a new language, “Hinduese”, which was a mixture of Hindi, Russian and Chinese. This new language evolved because dominant world languages typically follow the language of whichever country dominates economically. China, Russia and India had each taken its economic turn in the past six centuries. With globalization the languages simply merged, as did the races of the world.


All four Heroes belonged to the Caucasian Race Dynasty. Their membership in a race dynasty gave them top status among the Heroes, and they liked this very much because it validated their own astute insight that they were superior to most people, including other Heroes. 
Chad was a tall, muscular, blue-eyed blond Finn whose biography indicated he had once been a rugby player. Dirk was a smaller, thinner black-haired Russian with beautiful, deceptively kind-looking dark and melting doe eyes, which he used to full effect. His biography had him dabbling in the Arts, while being fully-supported in his artistic endeavors by his trust fund. Neither Finland nor Russia existed anymore, but the men still proudly referred to their heritage, as did everyone who could identify a dominant ancient heritage from the mishmash of DNA most people now had. The two of them were now preparing to perform the role of wealthy, well-educated, subversive alt-right terrorists who seemed to have much in common with Max Richmond and James Stoughton, and their looks suited the role. 
They both received instructions to meet with Avid Burhan in his apartment in one of the buildings adjacent to the main building they were now in. There conveniently was an air bridge between the main building and Avid’s building that enabled them to easily stroll over there in just a few minutes, so they grabbed the bottle of Kirkland Vodka they had swiped from behind the bar in the Waterloo Restaurant and headed to the travel pods to ride, rather than walk to the building. 
Avid heard the doorbell and braced himself. He accessed all the coaching he’d received in therapy to put up boundaries against them, and took a deep breath before opening the door to these assholes. For him, the moment was tense. Two smiling Heroes, one of whom was enticingly holding out a one-third-empty bottle of vodka, greeted him when he opened the door. Avid waved them in.
“I’m Avid Burhan,” he said, responding to their open, friendly smiles with a guarded squint. “Nice to meet you. Come on in.” He took the bottle of vodka from the dark-haired Hero because it was apparently what he was supposed to do. He didn’t actually like vodka.
“I’m Chad.” The blonde one touched prayer hands to his chin and bent over in a respectful Namaste bow. “We’ll be working together for the next few weeks,” he said as he returned to an upright position.
Avid stuck the bottle under his armpit and returned the bow.
“I’m Dirk. It’s such a pleasure to meet you.” Dirk smiled beatifically as if he had never in his life met anyone as worthy and charming as Avid. His Namaste bow went nearly to his knees. His smile was still beaming when he reestablished eye contact. 
Avid knew better than to be disarmed, especially after noticing that Dirk appeared to never blink. That alone was disconcerting. He bowed his head and did a quick dash upward with prayer hands without adding any depth to the effort. It was more of a quick nod and a wave. “Have a seat. I’ll get us some glasses.”
The two Heroes wandered through Avid’s living room effusively admiring the Ikea bookshelves and Costco couch, touching everything and commenting on its value and tastefulness. Then they wandered to the windows where they lingered, watching a school of shiny, flashing fish meander past, with the rock formations on the base of the mountain range sprouting colorful plant life in the distance.
“So beautiful!” Dirk gasped in a low, reverent voice. “And so many windows! I need to paint this view!”
Chad was standing to the side, tapping the window to get the attention of a fish that was sucking the glass, searching for algae. The fish studied him for a moment, and then swam away.
Avid had always noticed that Heroes kept their thoughts entirely closed to any intrusion. They were always mentally blocked, so he could never get a telepathic sense of what they were thinking. Furthermore, he could never tap into their emotions at all. Those mental blockages were always airtight, and this meeting was no exception. They controlled every interaction, forcing everyone they interacted with to take them entirely at face value.
One did not ever give a Hero the upper hand, he had learned from both experience and from extensive therapy. Avid was already blocked himself, but he raised his own mental and telepathic defenses and locked them tighter in response.
And they always flattered and sucked up to you when they wanted something, he thought. They were shameless suck-ups just before they stole your life out from under your grasp and left you naked and alone at the side of a desert road. He had shared the stories. Everyone shared the stories. It was alarming and worrisome to Avid that they were sucking up to him right now. It only added to his mounting stress.
“You paint?” He said that with a smile that did not reach his eyes. Dirk didn’t paint. Avid would bet his life.
“I dabble,” Dirk replied, referencing his biography. “Exquisite!” he sighed breathlessly, holding up a thumb as he had seen artists do in popular cultural depictions, analyzing the view.
“You must have had some impressive accomplishments, to live here,” Chad commented with a wide toothy smile. “My sincerest admiration.”
Avid interpreted that to mean that Chad had evaluated him and found him undeserving of the apartment, or much of anything else really, because it was public knowledge that he had fallen into this apartment by sheer luck. Chad was rubbing it in because he thought Avid was an idiot, he concluded. 
It was already starting, only five minutes after they’d met, with weeks to go…
“Thank you,” Avid answered, walking to the kitchen. “I’m honored that you like my humble home,” he said with his back turned.
He pulled three shot glasses from one of the kitchen cabinets and returned to the living room where the Heroes had finally taken seats on the Costco couch they loved so very much. Avid placed the glasses and the bottle on the table. The two Heroes immediately poured themselves shots, drank them, and poured second shots.
Avid poured himself a shot after Chad passed the bottle to him, put the bottle onto the coffee table and settled back into his armchair, facing them. He sipped to be polite, then set the shot glass down.
“Thoughts?” Avid asked them.
“What do you know about all this?” Chad countered.
The Heroes exchanged glances then looked at Avid expectantly. 
Avid sighed, resigned to his role in this. “There’s a kid who’s going to be lynched and I’m supposed to back you up. We need to stop it, and I have to do what I can to help in case something goes wrong for you guys. Right now I have to get a psychologist to talk Max Richmond into dropping his plans to kill him. That’s all I know.”
“That’s right,” Chad said ingratiatingly with a quick glance toward Dirk. “You’re here to back us up. We appreciate your help. Can’t do it without you! You’ll be great!” He smiled at Avid like a game show host.
“Save the little dude,” Dirk remarked, lifting his shot glass in a solemn toast. “That is our sacred mission.” He nodded in agreement with himself, his brow furrowed and his kindly eyes melting with altruistic concern for Joseph. 
“This changes our original assignment,” Chad said. “We were originally just going to record the lynching. Now we’re going to work these guys from both ends, together, you and the two of us. You’re going to work with the psychologist. We’re going to work with the subjects. If we can’t stop them from killing the kid on our end, your psychologist might be able to do it on your end. If that doesn’t work either, we need to explore other options. We’re waiting for clearance on what we can do.”
“That’s all I know too,” Avid said, shrugging. “Not much to go on, is it?”
Chad nodded. Dirk gazed at the scenery out the window with a contemplative, peaceful smile, posing innocently, much like Norman Bates during interrogation after getting caught dressed as his mother in the movie Psycho.
“We plan to accidentally run into the subjects at a sports bar near Capitol Hill next week on Tuesday,” Chad continued. “The twenty- third. Make friends with them. Invite them over for cocaine and porn, convince them that we want to help them lynch some socialist motherfuckers (Dirk interrupted to say, “Black motherfuckers, not socialist. The attack on socialists is our next assignment.”), then see if we can get them to include us in their plans. If they don’t, we’ll need to force our way in somehow. We’re still thinking about it, and we still need to find out from the Mitigators what our options are, like we said. Nothing is firm.” 
“Cocaine and porn?” Avid asked. 
“Or a deep discussion about tobacco futures and financial derivatives. We’ll play it by ear.”
Avid scratched his chin. “I haven’t gotten in touch with the psychologist yet, so I don’t know when I’ll have information for you. I don’t know how easy it will be to get in to see her, or when I even can. Vendi didn’t tell me anything about that, and I’m a little worried that I might be on my own.” He was experiencing anxiety over every aspect of this mission.
“Just tell the psychologist you’re going to kill yourself unless she sees you immediately,” Chad suggested helpfully. Dirk nodded in firm agreement. “Tell her you’re calling her from the roof of a building.” Chad reached for some mixed nuts that Avid had in a bowl on the coffee table and threw them up in the air, trying to catch them with his mouth.
“I’ll do that,” Avid said, with an expression of seemingly interested gratitude. “Should we get together the day after you meet the subjects? I’ll know more then.” 
He stood up in a way that indicated the visit was over. He was very proud of himself for having taken the dominant role in ending this discussion.
“I need to try and set something up with the psychologist right now, though, if that’s okay with you guys. It’s getting close to 4 PM and I need to get through to her before she leaves for the day.”
The two men rose, grabbed what was left of the vodka, and smiled. “Wednesday next week it is, my good friend,” Dirk said. We’ll send you an alert, and then we’ll meet.”
Avid smiled distractedly and led them to the door, then closed it behind them and immediately sent an alert to Vendi requesting a conference. It took a minute to reach her, and then Vendi appeared on the Alert screen.
“Hey,” she said. 
“What do I say to the psychologist to get in to see her immediately? Do you have any forms or legal documents? Do you have a police warrant or anything? I’m not sure how to approach this.” Avid’s voice was edgy and higher pitched than usual.
“It’s all set. We already made an appointment for you tomorrow at 10 AM. We ended up having to go back several months to do that for you because she books up in advance. I was going to send you an alert as soon as I finished what I was doing, but then it slipped my mind. I’ve been so busy with this Anomaly. It’s crazy. Sorry!”
She pushed the belated alert out to Avid, who read the instructions, and nodded. 
“Breathe,” she told him. “Twenty minutes of deep breathing and you’ll be fine.” 
“Okay.”
“She’s just starting to take in-person clients now because she’s vaccinated, but she may ask you for Skype sessions after the first one,” Vendi continued. “Do you have your vaccination card? Three months ago when we talked to her the vaccines were still just rolling out and she said she was going to require proof of vaccination by March or she’d only see you on Skype. And just to be safe, bring your mask. She’ll tell you if she wants you to wear it.” 
Social Assimilation Experts had issued covid-19 vaccination cards and N-95 masks to everyone, even though everyone working in this time period had already been thoroughly genetically inoculated from every possible contemporary disease before arriving.
“Sooo…how did it go with the Heroes?” 
Avid abruptly dismissed the screen and Vendi disappeared.
Vendi redisplayed the screen so Avid could see her pointing her finger at him and laughing. Then she closed the screen again.


Monday, March 15, 2021, Time: 1000 Hours, Dr. Helen Anderson
Dr. Helen Anderson opened the door to her office and looked down at Avid, who was sitting in the waiting room playing Solitaire on his smart phone to calm his nerves.
“Avid?” He looked up and nodded. She smiled and waved him into her office, then followed him through the door and pointed to a chair, into which Avid anxiously seated himself. “You’re vaccinated, correct? I think you mentioned it on the phone but I’d just like to be sure.”
Avid dug his wallet out of his pocket and pulled out the vaccination card the Assimilation team had given him.
Helen’s glasses were hanging from her neck by a chain. She raised the glasses without actually putting them on, and glanced at the card. 
“Moderna. Me too. Any side effects for you?”
Everyone wanted to know which vaccine everyone else had received; this was a typical conversation starter during these weeks as the vaccines rolled out, and people were approved to receive them based on their age, health status, and occupational exposure to the virus. Everyone wanted to know everyone else’s side effects, both in person and on social media. Helen and Avid exchanged the obligatory description of theirs. Avid claimed he only had a sore arm (he, of course, was making that up). Helen admitted to fatigue for a day.
She was a tall, attractive, older blonde woman with loose medium length hair, a wide, easy smile and circles under her eyes. She wore a brightly colored flowy pair of silk pants with a complementary top, long silk jacket, and an objectively excessive amount of oversized chunky jewelry.
“Water? Coffee?” 
“Water, please.” A glass of anything would give Avid something to hold onto while he thought about how he was going to begin this conversation. He had been up for most of the previous night going over all of his options in his head. By morning he hadn’t picked one.
While Helen fetched the water, Avid quickly requested her bio data from the Alert screen to remind himself of the information he’d skimmed over earlier. She was widowed after 41 years and had lost her only son to suicide, he learned. All of this had happened only within the past four years.
He tuned into her telepathically. She was thinking about the grief group she facilitated and was reminding herself to buy snacks for the next meeting. She was unhappy with her car mechanic and was thinking of anyone she knew who might possibly recommend another mechanic who was competent with BMWs. She was tired and depressed, running on fumes and wishing she could take a vacation...but she had no one to go with because she no longer had a family, so she kept working instead. She was rapidly approaching burnout. She was almost always on the verge of tears. She never had a day off from grief and weariness anymore, and often wished she could simply die. 
Avid still did not notice that her bio data was missing a date or cause of death and did not mention anything about her accomplishments beyond today’s date. If he had noticed, he would have immediately realized that he would never be able to access any information about Helen Anderson’s future because he was not permitted to see his own future. It indicated that Helen was going to be a huge part of his life. That might have reassured him that he was not going to fail at this assignment and go to prison. 
Instead, his nervous fears of failure were fully intact. His eyes looked panicked.
She handed him a chilled bottle of water with a bright smile. “So happy to meet you!” She sat down in the chair across from him, in front of the desk rather than behind it, so she did not appear imposing or distanced.
Avid marveled at how effortless her smile seemed, and how energetic she appeared to be when he knew that she was exhausted and drained. 
“I’m happy to meet you too,” he said.
“What brings you in? The forms you filled out online didn’t really describe the problems you’re having.”
Avid gulped and looked away. He looked down. He looked over. He looked back. He never had picked an option of what to say, when he’d played this scenario over and over in his head all night. 
“I’m here about Max Richmond,” he blurted.
Helen gave him a startled look and leaned back in her chair. She studied him.
“Who are you with? Are you with the police? Did his mother send you here? He’s my client. I can’t discuss anything with you.” She stood up and turned to walk toward the door. “I think I should see you out. I have nothing to say.”
Thus, he had now learned from Helen’s reaction that the option he’d chosen was not the correct one. He asked his Alert screen: Can we rewind time and try them all until I hit one that works?
His Alert screen immediately answered him with, “No.” Avid would have to blunder his way through this with a bad start, which did not help his confidence. Perhaps he might get through this without making any other mistakes.
“No, I’m not with the police.” He twisted the lid off his bottle of water and took a gulp. “It’s okay. I’ll just tell you why I need your help with Max Richmond. All right? I already know a lot so you can just listen.” Was that placating enough?
No. It was not.
“Tell me what?” Helen tilted her head irritably. “What’s all this about?”
“I already know what’s going on with Max Richmond, so you don’t have to violate any confidences. In fact, I can recite his therapy sessions back to you, what he said and what you said, word for word, if you want. I know everything you know, but I know a little more and I need your help. You don’t need to say anything. You really won’t be violating his confidence. Just please let me explain what’s going on.” 
He could tell from reading Helen that he had picked yet another bad option. He blamed the Mitigators for not permitting him to start over. But it was done. Now what?
Avid had planned to issue a request to his Alert screen to display a transcription of one of their sessions. That would prove he was a legitimate time traveler. Even though he knew from Helen’s thoughts that this was not going to impress her, he made the mental request for their session last week. Then he changed his mind and asked the Alert screen to display a session where Max had given Helen hints about what he was planning. The screen displayed their session from January 14, 2021. He kept the screen open so he could refer to it when he needed it.
Helen’s eyes widened with a flash of anger and her lips tightened. Then her eyes narrowed into a squint.
“Again, who are you?” She looked around her office. “Am I being bugged? Have you put bugs in here? Are you threatening me?”
Ah. In this time and place you can only observe people by secretly bugging them. He was now getting thoroughly exasperated. He told them he wasn’t the right person for this assignment. Honestly, how was he supposed to know about bugging offices without any sort of assimilation coaching? Why hadn’t anyone given him any coaching? He knew they were busy with the Anomaly, but wasn’t he, Avid, kind of important to the success of the mission? Wasn’t he, Avid, the primary backup to the Heroes? He shot that thought to the Mitigators with a touch of betrayed resentment. He also blamed Vendi because she was his contact and the face of the assignment for him. He would take issue with her later. How was he going to dig himself out of this?
“I don’t know how to say this.”
“Say what?” she snapped. She was getting angry and he knew she was considering a call to building security to have him removed. That would kill his mission, and he might be punished. He sank into despair for a moment, and then just said it because he had no other ideas on how to ease into the subject.
“I’m a time traveler.” Avid said it bravely, stoically, proud of his courage for having uttered those words on land to a local without fear of prison because he had signed a contract that gave him permission. 
He then was surprised and a little insulted when Helen relaxed and smiled at him. Gone was the anger. Gone was the impulse to send him away. What calmed her down was her observation and conviction that Avid was psychotic and delusional. She was now in her own realm and no longer off-balance or afraid of him. She was in her wheelhouse. Crazy was her specialty.
“How do you know Max Richmond?” She asked this pleasantly, showing sincere interest. Then she reached over to her desk for a legal pad and a pen. She was poised to write. She was suddenly very intrigued by Avid.
“I don’t know him. I never met him. But I actually am a time traveler.”
“Why do you say you’re a time traveler?”
Avid bristled. He had expected her to have that reaction, but he had not expected this to be his reaction. 
“The fact that I’m a time traveler makes me say that I’m a time traveler,” he responded tersely from nervousness. 
He caught himself. It would not help the situation if he aggravated her. There was nothing about this meeting that was within his control, and everything was spiraling. 
“I can prove it to you.” Could he really? What other sad hell was he about to unleash?
“I hope you can. I’m excited to meet a time traveler, if you are one. I have so many questions.”
She might have been saying that to placate him, but she did, in fact, have so many questions. Avid picked up that she half-hoped he would prove himself to her because it would be one bright spot in her otherwise anguished life. She loved science fiction. She loved Dr. Who. When she was a schoolgirl she fantasized about being picked up by a UFO. Furthermore, whether it would be in fifty years or fifty thousand, scientists were one day going to figure out time travel, right? It was inevitable. And then…one of them might visit her time! A hopeful part of her accessed that little dream right now and wanted this to be real. Because what if it was? It would make her so happy! If not, well, this man was her job.
Avid requested that the Alert screen display something that would happen momentarily, live, and about which he could tell Helen in advance so she could see it for herself. He saw the response on the screen. The Historian team that was covering gun violence and mass shootings had had some busy years, and he knew that someone on that team would be on assignment at the CVS pharmacy in the Woodland Park strip mall at this very moment.
In seventeen minutes a man would enter the pharmacy and begin shooting. Seeing the event on the Alert screen, Avid had no doubt that the Mitigators had arranged for him to be in Helen’s office at this specific time so that he would be with her when the shooting occurred. Vendi’s effort to find “an appointment with Helen” was an effort to find an appointment with Helen at this very specific date and time, when a local shooting would occur and Avid could use it to prove he was a time traveler. They clearly wanted Avid to make a dramatic impression with her. This kind of manipulation of events was how the Mitigators operated. They always crossed their T’s and dotted their I’s. He silently thanked them.
“In about…it’s about sixteen minutes from now, I guess…a gunman will enter the CVS pharmacy in the Woodland Park strip mall and begin shooting. One will die at the scene, and four others will be wounded. One of the wounded will die on the way to the hospital. The gunman will shoot and kill himself.” He looked up. “CBS will air the story first. Go to their website right now.”
Looking taken aback but curious, Helen got up and grabbed her laptop. She went to www.cbs.com, then clicked its Live Stream link. She nudged aside a table lamp and set the laptop on the end table between their two chairs so that both of them could see it. 
A team of three morning hosts was discussing a local story about a high school that was trying to plan a no-contact virtual prom because of the pandemic. Then it moved to local sports.
“What if there really is a shooting, but you’re involved somehow so you know about it in advance?”
He hadn’t thought that part through either. He sighed. 
“Good question. Give me a second,” Avid said. He requested something that would happen on live TV that could not have been planned. The Alert screen told him that a host on CBS Late Morning was going to spill his coffee live on air three minutes before the shooting. That was very convenient. The Mitigators had sent him to CBS for the coffee spill so that Helen wouldn’t even need to switch networks when it came time for the shooting. It was nice to know he had backup.
This Anomaly and Avid’s assignment had captured everyone’s attention at the control station. There was talk. Avid had heard that the Mitigators were taking a hands-on approach with this one and were not even allowing trusted and experienced staff to take part in any decisions or participate in any aspect of the effort, aside from Vendi’s communication role with Avid. And she might have had a Mitigator sending her telepathic instructions on what to say to him. Everyone but actual Mitigators had been completely shut out of the McKenna Anomaly recovery effort. Actual Mitigators were doing everything, down to the most mundane details, so an actual real live Mitigator had to have set all this up, Avid realized. Not Vendi. That was probably the reason for the holdup that prevented Vendi from providing the therapy session details sooner.
He also suspected that he was being studied and evaluated from a live scanner stream at this moment by those actual live Mitigators. Typically Historians were tracked by scanner footage no one ever viewed, unless it was to assess a problem after the fact and determine fault and liability. In order to view scanner footage, you had to go through the Legal Project to obtain a warrant. He tried not to think about being studied live because he might have a panic attack. 
On the plus side, he could count on live, breakthrough Alerts to guide him when he got stuck because the Mitigators would know what he should say or do. Typically those alerts were automated, but in this case Avid knew absolutely, and with severe anxiety, that they were not. His Alerts were coming directly from a Mitigator... It made him tense up with stage fright.
“We’re already on the CBS site, right?” He looked at his smart phone for the time, “In about ten minutes Josh Durkin is going to spill his coffee live on air. It’s live, remember. It hasn’t happened yet. Then they’re going to cut away from that broadcast to tell us about the shooting.”
Helen went back to her laptop’s browser and clicked Full Screen on the CBS live feed display.   
“So, what should we talk about for the next ten minutes?”
“Max Richmond.”
“I can’t discuss Max Richmond.”
Avid shrugged. “I can, though, right?”
Helen nodded and shrugged, then studied him with narrowed eyes. She was in “analysis” mode. Whatever Avid said or did was going to go through her filter of analysis and be subject to dissection. He was being dissected by everyone in this moment. 
This was job stress.
But he thought again about the Mitigators being his backup, and how they had helped him thus far. It was almost as if he was doing this with them cheering him on, fully prepared to catch him if he fell. He decided to look at it that way. His heart rate went down a bit.
“He’s been telling you about some things he has planned, but he’s only been hinting and saying vague things to you so you don’t actually know what those plans are. We have to stop him.”
“If you tell me something about Max Richmond, I can’t confirm it one way or the other. You’re wasting your time.”
“You know that he’s a member of the Fairfax Freedom Fighters, correct? They’re a white supremacist group? You know he’s a white supremacist?”
Helen did not know this. She said, “I can’t tell you what I know or don’t know about Max Richmond.”
“You didn’t know. It’s okay. He didn’t actually tell you. What he did tell you was that he was a staunch patriot – remember your session on January 14 this year? It was right after the attack on the Capitol. He was there for the attack and even made it inside the Capitol building with the rest of the mob. Did you know he was there? (Helen did not, Avid could read). And in your January 14th session he told you he was a ‘staunch patriot.’” 
Helen stared at Avid trying to analyze him, but she did not respond. 
“What he meant by that was he wanted things to go back to the way they used to be in this country, back to the ‘real’ America, when White men had the upper hand. Do you remember that from the January 14th session? He told you he wanted to be the one to trigger the change? He’s calling what he plans to do ‘the change’ Do you remember that? It all ties in now, doesn’t it?”
“Again, I cannot discuss Max Richmond with you or anyone else.” Avid heard her going through that session in her head. She didn’t know how she had missed his comment about triggering change as a staunch patriot, but now that Avid mentioned it, she remembered he’d said something like that. That comment should have put her on high alert, and she missed it. She must have had her mind on something else, because normally she would catch that kind of verbiage and address it immediately. For a moment she felt a sense of failure and helplessness.
“It’s okay that you missed it. Don’t be so hard on yourself. We’re addressing it now,” Avid told her. 
She blinked at him in surprise. 
“And you don’t have to say anything. I’ll do all the talking. You just listen.” Avid checked his smart phone. “We have seven minutes before the station interrupts this talk show to report the CVS shooting at the shopping center. That means we have four minutes until Josh Durkin spills his coffee on live TV.” 
Avid paused. 
“Max is planning to kill someone.”
“Seriously? You mean he’s the CVS shooter?”
“No. He’s planning to lynch several Black men in eight weeks. He’s not being impulsive. He’s carefully planning this out with someone else.”
Helen leaned forward without speaking and stared at him. Avid could almost hear the wheels turning in her head. She was an extraordinarily fast and thorough thinker, going over the possibilities with both Max and Avid at lightning speed making it difficult for Avid to follow her thoughts. It was like watching one of those drug commercials they have on television in this time and place, where they scroll through a long list of possible side effects so quickly that you can’t read them. Helen was a mental titan. 
“We can’t save those men. They were killed in the original timeline, so we can’t interfere with those killings. But Max is now also planning to lynch a boy who’s about fifteen years old. This kid wasn’t part of the original lynching, and we have to stop it.”
“Original timeline? Original lynching? What are you talking about?”
“We had an Anomaly.” What a mess he was making of this. “That means that someone from the future did something in your time that changed the course of history. We have to put history back to the way it was originally in the original timeline, before that person from the future screwed things up for everyone.”
Helen blinked again and began to go through her spinning mental gymnastics. Then she gave up. This aspect of Avid’s session was not in her wheelhouse. She just sat and listened.
He appealed to Helen’s maternal instincts. “His voice hasn’t even changed yet. He’s small for his age and underweight. He looks to be about eleven years old, if I’m honest. I’ve seen him. Max is planning on lynching this boy. A Black boy. A child, really. A boy. He’s planning on killing someone who is still almost a child. He’s going to lynch him.”
Helen curled her lip. “I don’t believe you.”
“This particular young man is not supposed to die at the age of fifteen. He’s supposed to grow up to be an extremely influential national leader who’s going to change a number of things in his lifetime. His accomplishments will be far-reaching and staggering, and the Mitigators absolutely cannot allow Max Richmond to lynch him.”
“Who are the Mitigators?”
“It’s time. Turn up the volume on your computer and let’s watch.”
Helen turned up the volume just in time to see Josh Durkin twist around to speak to the weatherman and accidentally catch his sleeve on his coffee cup, which fell over and spilled. Hilarity ensued on the television set as he quipped about the puddle of coffee, and the other hosts joked about his clumsiness. He made an exaggeratingly comical show of trying to wipe up the coffee with his hands.
“There you go,” said Avid. “Coffee spill. This is live TV.” Helen looked at him, and then looked back at the laptop screen.
“Breaking news.” The screen cut away to a newscaster and a picture of the CVS pharmacy in the Woodland Park strip mall. “We’re interrupting this broadcast to bring you a breaking story. There’s a shooting in progress at the CVS pharmacy in the Woodland Park strip mall.” He named the intersection where the shopping center was. “At this moment the shooter is still active, so we’re advising the public to avoid the area until further notice. Police are on the scene. We don’t know the details yet but we’ll keep you informed. Stay tuned.” 
The Alert screen flashed a new alert, again from one of the real live Mitigators, and it directed Avid to Facebook. It provided the screen name for a person who was recording the shooting and streaming it on Facebook Live.
“Go to Facebook,” Avid ordered Helen. “Pull up the account of TimeTvl28cent and view the live stream of the shooting.” He spelled the username for Helen who nervously typed it in. Clearly from the handle the person uploading the footage was the Historian who was covering the event. The Mitigators must have arranged this.
Helen displayed Facebook, hurriedly opened the TimeTvl28cent account, then clicked on the live stream, which displayed a gunman blasting bullets throughout a drugstore. The person recording the video appeared to be doing it from behind a counter at floor level. There were two people lying face down and injured within the frame of the recording.
“Oh my God,” she breathed. “Oh my God.”
“Four wounded, one dead at the scene, and the gunman kills himself. One of the wounded dies on the way to the hospital. Write that down please.” 
Helen wrote that down.
“You can confirm all that after our session because they won’t report the full story for another hour or so.”
Helen stared at him, appearing to be almost on the verge of tears. She tilted her head. She was feeling all the emotions.
“What year are you from?” she finally asked softly, in a whisper. This was a dream come true for her. She felt lighthearted and uplifted for the first time in years. The little girl inside of her was jumping up and down.
Avid smiled. “Will you help me stop Max Richmond?”
“Yes, of course. Of course I’ll help you. Yes.” He could feel her eagerness and elation. He had brought her a gift that would distract her from her grief and emotional exhaustion. She was powered by renewed energy – not exhausted at all anymore – and grinning widely.
“I’m from the year twenty-seven-fifty-three. Your help is going to be of historical significance. You need to know that. Historical significance. This is incredibly important.” He lifted prayer hands and touched his chin. He bowed his head to her. “So we all sincerely thank you from the bottom of our hearts. All of us.”
Helen clasped her hands under her chin and grinned. She gave a little bounce in her chair.
Avid then explained his job to her and described the Terrance Jackson event and the Anomaly so she would understand how this situation came about. Helen listened, rapt, leaning forward with her hands still clasped. When her phone reminder dinged that the fifty-minute session was over, she let out a loud, “Argh!” and shook her head in frustration.
“We need to discuss this some more. Can you come to my house later? After I get off work? I’ll feed you dinner. Seven o’clock?”
Avid telepathically heard her wondering if she should ask her next door neighbor Al to check up on her this evening in case Avid was a violent nut cake like the shooter. 
“You can ask Al to check on you, but he can’t come inside,” Avid told her. “This is completely confidential. You can never, ever tell anyone what we talk about. Not ever.” Avid sighed and shot her a skewed smile. “And I’m really not violent. I promise.” He paused. “Is ‘nut cake’ a psychiatric term? I’m not familiar with it, but it seems kind of insulting.”
“Damn,” Helen said. “You’re scary.” Then she burst out laughing and wrote her address on a Post-it note for Avid, who took the note and slipped it into his pocket.
“I’ll see you at seven,” he said, and left.


The travel pod dropped Avid off in an obscure location behind an office building. An Uber picked him up out front a few minutes later and dropped him off on O Street in front of a beautiful Georgetown semi-detached row home, which had its porch light on for him. He could smell the food cooking from the street.
He rang the bell, and a woman answered. She was a small, thin, wiry lesbian with a nose ring, and long teal-colored hair with her head shaved on one side. She had tattoos going up her neck and onto her shaved scalp. She was wearing a chef’s jacket and holding a wooden spoon. He introduced himself, and she then led him through the living room to an opened door in the back. The woman pointed her spoon to direct him into the office, where Helen was sitting at her computer.
Helen looked up and grinned. “Avid! Have a seat.” She waved to a chair, and Avid dutifully sat down in it. “I hope you like Italian? Nelda is a fantastic cook, and she’s doing Panzanella Caponata with panna cotta and berries for dessert. Fabulous. Trust me.” 
She shut down her computer and turned to him. “Wine? Or do you like something stronger?”
“Wine is fine. White, if you have it.”
Helen rang a bell and Nelda appeared in doorway. “Could you please bring Avid a Chardonnay? Also, please leave the bottle in an ice bucket. Muchas gracias, my darling.” Nelda was not Hispanic. 
Nelda smiled. “Dinner will be in about ten. Remember to wash your hands. Covid.”
“Will do. And leave the dishes tonight, Nelda. You can go home right after you serve. We’ll take care of the rest. Thank you so much,” Hellen said with a smile. Nelda went to get the wine and the glasses.
“We’ll wait to talk until she leaves. In the meantime, let’s just get to know each other.”
“Sounds good.” 
“So, your story checks out. Four injured, two dead, and the gunman killed himself.” Helen looked pleased.
“I know.”
“How did you read my mind like you did?” Helen didn’t waste time.
“Basically we’re all genetically modified to be telepathic, and then they train us in school to be really good at it. If you become a Historian, like me, you have to take special advanced courses. We have to be really proficient at it to get this job.” He was very proud of his skill level. “Not everyone can do it as well as I can, just so you know. It’s a learned skill like anything else, with a little boost to our DNA.”
“I would have told you that you were a fake if you’d asked me yesterday. Mind reading. No such thing. Ha!”
“Why?” Avid was genuinely curious about why the people from the past were so frightened of anything that had to do with basic telepathic or psychic abilities. It made no sense. It was like being afraid of hearing, or tasting, or any of the other senses, and then denying that they existed. 
“Well, because we’re taught that there’s no such thing. So we figure that anyone who says he can read minds is a liar. Or sort of a kook.”
“If everyone is deaf, and only one person can hear, all the deaf people are going to think the hearing person is lying or a kook. ’In the Land of the Deaf, the hearing are insane.’ That’s how we view it in my time.”  
“View what?”
“The attitude of people from your time when it comes to anything they can’t experience with their physical senses. Anything beyond the five senses either doesn’t exist, or the people who experience it or believe in it are crazy.”
Helen was thoughtful about what Avid had just told her. She loved this conversation. 
“They call it ‘woo,’” she told him. “I called it woo, too.” She mouthed “woo too” several times to herself and grinned at her accidental wit. “The entire psychiatric community is on red alert when it comes to woo. We’re always looking for psychosis, and we figure that woo is probably going to lead us there. It’s a pervasive attitude in my line of work.”
Avid rolled his eyes and laughed. 
“Maybe I can teach you how to set up a mental block so I can’t read you. They start teaching us that in preschool, but we’ll need to find out if you’re even equipped to do it without genetic intervention. You have to know how to maintain your privacy, but you won’t need to block yourself much, except when I’m around.”
“Can you teach me to read minds?”
“In eight weeks? I don’t know. We can try.” Avid sent a request to his Alert screen for information about mind reading. It was historical and it must be helpful if the Mitigators sent it to him, but it was not what he had hoped for.
“I’ve just requested some data for you that you might find interesting. Right now, in your time, they’ve invented a device that can translate your brain waves and report on what you’re thinking. You have devices that can read minds right now. Did you know that? They’re not good yet because the technology is really new, but they will be.”
“Data? Requested it how? What data?” 
“On my Alert Screen. Go to your computer and Google ‘device that reads minds.’ There’s some information for you there that might explain it to you a little bit. They’ve just begun working on the technology for my Alert Screen in your time. Later on they add the other technology, like the holographic displays and all the rest. They implant the device that controls it in our wrists. We all communicate with each other and request information from databases on it. It’s kind of like your Internet, in a way, without a physical computer.”
Helen was genuinely confused, but she turned her computer back on and did the Google search. 
Avid wasn’t used to interacting with the locals and had to remind himself that Helen wasn’t familiar with things he took for granted. The Mitigators had redirected his conversation to explain the technical aspects of how he communicated and accessed information so Helen would be aware when he began to abruptly start talking to Vendi or stared at the space in front of his face. It made sense to him now.
“In my time we all get implants that display holographic screens right about here.” He waved at the area twelve inches from his face. “We control them mentally. So, if I want information, I focus on the area in front of my face and issue a mental command, like ‘devices that read minds.’ Or, I can ask for the definition of a word, or display bio information about people. Everything comes from this really enormous database that holds all the information all the historians gather from the Ice Age to my time–it’s an advanced version of what you’re looking at in Google right now. Everything about everything is in that database, and we’re not even done compiling it yet.”
Helen was rapt.
“The implant reads my thoughts and it displays the information on a screen that only I can see. Historians need it so we don’t look stupid or inadvertently create problems when we’re in times and places where we don’t know the culture or the social cues. When we put it on ‘automatic’ it monitors the situation we’re in and displays information when we need a prompt of some kind, like ‘Bow to the waist with your hands straight at your side’ or something. Like earlier today when I told you to look at Facebook. My screen was on auto, and it sent me that information without me asking.”
No, my screen was on “Live Mitigator Monitor,” he thought to himself. Since then they hadn’t interrupted him with any other instructions, so he guessed he was doing pretty well on his own.
“The Alert screen uses a form of telepathy, only instead of receiving someone’s thoughts and reading minds, you’re projecting your thoughts by thinking the commands in your head. Then the device picks them up from your brainwaves and responds to them. If you’re really good at telepathy you can also project your thoughts into another person, and if the person is really good as well, that person can receive your thoughts without the device.”
“And you have proof of this in your time?” Helen asked. 
Avid nodded and shrugged. It was like her asking him if they had proof of electricity. 
“So this device actually emulates the brain. Everyone is already wired for this, and to also receive someone’s thoughts, but the portion of the brain that controls telepathy shrank from disuse over the past twenty thousand years or so. It’s still there, though. Some people actually have more developed brains, even now, and they can do it without genetic enhancement. You call them ‘kooks.’ ”But in this instance I’m communicating directly with the device to access data from a database, or to communicate with other people as if we were on a Skype call. It’s still telepathy. I’m just communicating with a wrist implant instead of a person.”
Helen was amazed and happy, staring at him.
Avid held out his arm and ran a finger over a small bump on the inside of his wrist. “The Alert screen implant is right here.” He let Helen touch it. Then he held out his other arm and pointed to a small bump on the other wrist. “This is my language implant so I can understand you and talk to you in your own language. They control it remotely from the control station. It operates on the same principle, reading your brainwaves, but then it translates your thoughts into speech in any language, and that’s what comes out of your mouth. When you listen to someone speak in any language, the language implant translates their speech and then projects it into the language centers in your brain in a form that you can understand. We have no problem communicating with anyone at all. Literally.”  
Nelda appeared in the doorway and announced that dinner was ready. She again told them to wash their hands. “Covid,” she reminded them. She then put on her coat and left, calling “Goodbye!” as she shut the door behind her.
Avid and Helen washed their hands. The food was delicious. 
“Can you give me winning lottery numbers?” Helen chortled loudly over dessert and touched Avid’s sleeve. “Let’s go to the races! Woot!” She was on her third wine.
Then she looked at him steadily and said, “Your name is an adjective. Did you know that?”
Avid nodded, grinning. Usually he had to correct the pronunciation of people who thought his name was Arab … or something … and who called him “Ah-veed.”
“Is your middle name ‘Lee’? Then you can be an adverb. Avid Lee. Avidly. Get it?” Helen thought she was very clever, and looked very proud for having observed this.
Avid burst out laughing.
Avid was on his second wine, reaching for his third, and was leaning on one elbow, having enormous fun with Helen. They had laughed throughout the entire dinner. On an impulse, knowing he could never do this on land without the Mitigator approval he had received with Helen, he connected with her telepathically and sent her a heart hug. She didn’t remind him of his mother, but she was a mother he wouldn’t have minded having. 
He had never sent a heart hug to a local before. Normally that was illegal.
Helen felt the heart hug and went silent. She looked at Avid, eyes immediately brimming with tears, then clasped her hands together and pressed them to her chest. She looked down, trying not to cry. Alarmed by what he had just done, Avid got up and then hugged her from behind. She collapsed into heaving, wracking sobs, and he rocked her.
How separated and detached from each other the people are in this time and place, Avid thought to himself, holding her. How lonely it is for the people here. He was so glad he was only visiting and could leave. It was tragic for the people who had to stay.
“We need to clean up the kitchen,” Helen finally said, wiping her eyes and pulling away from Avid. “Will you help me?”


“So, what’s the deal with the language implant?” Helen asked. She was rinsing off the dishes and putting them into the dishwasher. Avid was still clearing off the table. “Do you not speak English?”
“No. Most of us speak a language called Hinduese that doesn’t exist yet, in your time. But you can’t tell, right? I sound like I was born here?”
Helen poured them each wine number four, and kind of gave an embarrassed shrug. She took a sip. “If I’m being honest, and I have to be because you can read my mind, you sound a little…generic.”
Avid requested examples of generic language on his Alert screen and skimmed them over. He couldn’t pinpoint the problem because he wasn’t intimately familiar enough with English to recognize how his speech was different from a local’s. He had always thought it was the accent that mattered, but she picked up that something was different because of the language implant’s word choices.
“I only even notice this at all because I listen to people all day long and use their tones and inflections to kind of identify things about them. Voices, speech patterns and word choices tell you a whole lot, if you know how to decipher them. And yours kind of tripped off a red flag because it was just the ti-iniest bit stilted and forced. Tiny bit. Just a little bit.” She squeezed her thumb and forefinger together and held them out for Avid to examine. “Like a robot, just a little bit.”
Helen paused. “Drink,” she ordered Avid. “Now that I know you’re being translated, it makes perfect sense. The implant isn’t putting a lot of personality into your words. You sound flat and dry, like you’re reading from a book about finance or physics. Kind of like canned speech.”
Avid frowned. He had never heard this about the translation implant. Should he report it to the Language team? Instead, he decided to elaborate on the functionality of the language implant.
“The Language Project manages everything. They work with the Language Historians, who go back in time and create records of all the languages, and then store them for Historians who go back to that time. They place the settings on the implant so the Historian speaks in that language.”
“Language Project?” 
“The Language Project focuses solely on language. They work to gather information about every language that ever existed, and they upload their findings into a huge language database. They also track accents from geographic areas and adjust word usage according to how the language evolves. For instance, in the nineteen eighties and nineties all the languages in the world were updated with computer terminology – it was almost an overhaul, with all the new words entering the lexicon all at once. Updates are constant and ongoing. What comes out of our mouths is very specific to the year, and the way we speak is specific to the place we either are in, or are supposed to be from.”
“Is the project like a team then?”
“Everything is team-based in our time, I guess you could say. We’re all divided into projects, and we work together with teams on specific assignments. There’s also the Finance Project, the Scientific Advancements Project, the Medical Advancements Project, the Education Project, the Child Development project, the Psychological Support Project, the Arts Project, the Sports Project, the Legal Project, the Manufacturing Project, the Technology Project…everything falls under a project. I’m in the Historian Project, but I also work with the Time Travel Project to move about in time, and the Education Project, which is where I send the reports that I upload to the database.” 
Helen perked up with interest at “Psychological Support Project. She was going to grill him on that one at some point. 
“That’s just a few of them. Every aspect of society has a project. Everyone has a spot in one of the projects. That’s what we all do. We train in one of the specialties, then we apply for a job in that project and go to work. We all work for one of the projects. Everyone.” 
“So you’re programmed for Washington, D.C. speech patterns right now?”
“Right. When we travel to a place and time, we have to check in with the Language Team to have our implant settings adjusted to the local language and accent. I’m set up for twenty-twenty-one English here, and I can’t speak my native language. The implant doesn’t allow it, unless I were to get special approval. And – here’s something – the Anomaly that happened around Max Richmond triggered a big change in language rules. The Mitigators set up a new rule where you can only speak this really ancient dialect from ten thousand years ago if you’re on land without clearance to interact with the locals. They could just use Hinduese, except that the language evolved from contemporary languages and some locals might understand some of the words.”
“Can you speak in Hinduese so I can hear what it sounds like?”
Avid shook his head. “I’m programmed for English. That’s all that comes out of my mouth when I’m on land. I can’t switch back and forth.”
“Who are the Mitigators? What do you mean when you’re ‘on land’?”
“We live in the ocean, and you live on land. We can travel back and forth, but we can’t talk to you unless we have clearance to interact with the locals. If we don’t, we speak gibberish whenever we leave the ocean and go on land.” He grinned. “I heard that that ancient dialect they programmed for people who don’t have clearance to interact sounds so guttural and alien that the locals freak out. One of them called 911 because she thought the Historian was having a stroke. So Historians are learning to keep their mouths shut, which is really all the Mitigators ask of them anyway.”
Avid held up a finger. “Let me check with the Mitigator team to see how much else I can tell you.” He was silent. When he had read the response on his Alert screen, he continued. “I can tell you anything I want to, with a few exceptions. They’ll tell me when we hit them.”
He explained how they created the control station city complex. The construction staff used an advanced form of 3D printing to build each structure underwater with a durable building foam. When the outer structure was complete they pushed wide hollow extrusion pipes up several meters above the ocean’s surface, then began the process of pumping the water out, spewing it back into the ocean at its surface. Other pipes pumped fresh air from the surface down into the structure to displace the water until the structure was eventually dry. Air pipes continually operated to keep the air fresh, closing automatically and retracting down below the surface during storms and high wave conditions. The extrusion pipes that removed water remained dormant and retracted, but accessible in the event of a flood emergency. The maintenance team fitted the three-inch thick windows on the internal side of the structure, sealed them, then cut the foam away from them on the outside of the structure to expose the view. When the building was complete and secure, they installed all the necessary fittings, decorated and furnished it, then filled it with people. They had control stations going back to the Ice Age, and during the current era and in the upcoming centuries they were virtually everywhere and held billions and billions of people over the full stretch of the continuum, more than the earth could support if they all lived on land at the same time. 
“The Mitigators are constantly building more control stations and expanding existing ones. You would never go to a control station and not see some kind of new construction, no matter what year you were there.”
“Who exactly are the Mitigators?”
“They’re the world leaders. They’re our world’s equivalent of your Joe Biden, Putin, Angela Merkel, Boris Johnson, Justin Trudeau, etc., and all the other leaders you have right now. We don’t have presidents, kings or dictators anymore. We have Mitigators who work together like a board of directors for a company that doesn’t have a CEO. No one holds a definitive leadership role anymore. They drew up a Constitution that makes it illegal for any one individual to hold that much power, even temporarily or by popular vote.”
Helen’s mind was whirring. 
“The Mitigators break out into smaller teams to lead the various projects. So I report to Historian Mitigators. People in other projects report to entirely different sets of Mitigators. In a way, you can think of our projects as ‘countries’, but the leaders of these countries work together as a team to make sure all the countries are on the same page, and that we’re all progressing satisfactorily as a civilization. Some overreaching laws go up for popular vote among everyone all over the continuum, but for minor things Mitigators just make the rules and we follow them. They aren’t competing with each other for the top spot, and nobody is trying to conquer anyone else anymore.” 
“You sound like a book about finance again, my poor darling.” Helen poked his arm to let Avid know she was only teasing. “But this is truly fascinating.” 
“So what Mitigators do is to solve the problems, figure out the best course of action in a global emergency, make the rules, dole out rewards and punishments, clean up all the messes and act like the board of directors. They remove obstacles so we can do our jobs and they provide the incentives for us to perform them.”
“Like good managers,” Helen inserted. “That’s how you can spot a good manager. A good manager serves the workforce, not the other way around. This sounds like that.” 
Helen’s mind was churning again, so Avid let go and let her progress through the spin cycle without trying to track her thoughts. 
“That approach really works, even on a world scale, doesn’t it?” She said that as a statement rather than a question.
“Yeah, I think so. People are mostly okay with the way things are. Nobody revolts against the leadership in my time. We haven’t had any wars in a while because who are we going to declare war on? The Accounting and Mathematics Project when we don’t like the numbers? The Sports Project when our team loses? Everybody has a place, and everyone needs everyone else equally. If we can sustain our current world order, we think we might make it to the end without any more wars.”
“Hallelujah,” Helen said. “We must look like knuckle-dragging apes to you,” she added, laughing. 
Avid laughed too, but he didn’t find it as funny as Helen did.
Helen handed Avid a towel so he could hand dry the pots she had just scrubbed in the sink.
“Tell me more about living in the ocean.”
Avid explained that it had begun as a reaction to climate change, when the population needed to find a place to live that was safe from fire, flooding, and violent storms. Real estate developers staked claims on the ocean floor near the coasts, and then began building and selling units there. That prompted the car manufacturers to design vehicles that could travel on land and underwater. In the beginning going home to the ocean floor was a pretty clumsy effort that involved going down in elevators, and then transferring to tiny underwater shuttles that ran on rails. Eventually, about three hundred years ago, they came up with the first travel pods, which can fly and travel underwater. Then the Mitigators built control center complexes to house the people who time travel so they could hide from the locals they were studying. 
“The Mitigators have a mission statement, which is, ‘We Want Everyone to Thrive’.” Avid laughed. “In Hinduese it’s a catchy play on words and it rhymes. In English it just sounds kind of lame, but that’s what the world aspires to in my time.”
Helen’s jaw dropped and removed her hands from a soapy pot. She did a slow, soapy clap. “Bravo,” she said. “Finally. The world makes sense. Well done, you.”
“So they take care of all of our basic needs. We all have basic food and housing and clothing and medical care, at least. Everyone has that. I mean, you shouldn’t elevate yourself by making certain there are always homeless people around to make you feel personally successful or superior. Am I right?”
“Someone told you that? It sounds quoted.” She had a skewed smile. She “read” speech and speech patterns in her line of work, and just knew those weren’t Avid’s personal words. Avid was impressed. He had telepathy, but Helen could do this without any mental enhancements.
“Yeah. I asked someone why there were so many homeless people here, and why nobody took a minute to help them, and that’s what they told me. You have to keep some people down in order to feel elevated yourself, they said. I see that in the racial assignments I get as well.” 
Helen raised and lowered her eyebrows, amused, but she did not disagree with Avid. 
“That’s just what they told me you all do here,” Avid continued, seeing her expression. “But you can’t do that when you live in the ocean. You can’t open a window and push someone out and tell him to go swim with the fishes just because he doesn’t have a job. Everyone needs the air inside of the control station, so everyone has a guaranteed place to live. If they’re lazy or incompetent at their job, or whatever, it doesn’t matter. They just get a simple life with no frills, no vacations, no fancy restaurant meals. Everyone has a place to live and food to eat. Maybe a not-so-nice place and really bland and basic food, but we don’t have an endless bottom that people can fall through, like you do here. We think that it’s the right thing to do.”
“So what if people don’t work?”
“Like I said, it doesn’t matter. All the basic things are free. So we don’t pay for basic food, clothing, shelter, childcare, medical care or education. Everyone needs those things, so everyone has those things. If someone has no ambition and doesn’t perform well and doesn’t care, they can live in really basic accommodations, which are just tiny rooms with no windows. It’s a no-frill life, and you have no perks if you don’t work. You eat and sleep, and you live in one room, but you can’t buy anything or do anything that requires discretionary income. Some people are okay like that. There are always going to be people who don’t need a lot and don’t care about luxuries, and who also don’t like to work. We call them ‘ascetics’. We don’t think it’s necessary to punish them for a lifestyle choice we don’t happen to prefer ourselves.”
“So how do you get luxuries then?”
“They pay us our salary in perks, and we can earn more by doing other things, like community service. The more perks you get, the more you can improve your living conditions and your social status. We don’t use money at all, except when we go on land and buy things from the locals. We barter in ‘perks’ instead of money. And we all have banks that hold our perks for us in accounts until we withdraw them.”
“What’s a perk?”
“Perks are a lot like your money. We have bank balances, just like you do, and we can spend perks on things, just like you do. But they supplement the basic necessities instead of going towards them, and we usually don’t withdraw them as cash. We don’t have to use them to buy food or pay rent, so we never have a negative balance, paying more for basic necessities than we earn, and having nothing left over but bills. That’s like being an ascetic, but with a job. Or two jobs. Or three jobs. You have lots of people like that here. Sometimes they end up homeless because of a medical expense or a raise in rent, and they’re the ones nobody takes a minute to help.”
Helen looked thoughtful. 
“Perks are always discretionary income. That’s the primary difference between our monetary system and yours. We earn perks for high performance at our job, or for doing kind and generous things for people, or volunteering for community service. That sort of thing. The more we benefit society, which is our goal as a civilization, the higher the value of the perk. So people are always helping each other and volunteering in order to earn something they want. It pays to be nice in my time.” 
“Your civilization’s goal is to benefit society?” Helen whistled through her teeth. “What a concept, huh? And it works?”
Avid looked at her. “Yes of course it works. We’re all focused on helping everyone to thrive. Why wouldn’t we all want that? What would be the point of tearing each other down? What would we ultimately gain from that except a false sense of superiority?” She wasn’t responsible for her society, but he still looked at her sternly.
“What indeed,” Helen pondered. “Fascinating.”
“So you can cash in perks for anything you want, as long as you have enough perk value in your bank account. We can take time travel vacations to various places with cash to spend, or we get to eat in the fancier restaurants at the control station, or we can earn nicer furniture or apartments, or just get cash to splurge when we go on land if we want. We have some EBay addicts at the complex who trade in their perks for cash to bid on everything on EBay just to win an auction. Some of them pick up things when they time travel, rough them up a bit and then call them ‘antiques’ and sell them on EBay to supplement their perks. It’s like a side job. Some people like online gambling or casinos on land. They like to feel that rush. It just depends on what you want. It’s just like it is in your time, except that everything you earn goes to whatever you like, instead of to bills and student loans.”
Helen suddenly looked at the clock and sobered up. “I have work in the morning. I need to go to bed. We have to call it a night.” She moved toward the door. “Are you okay to get home?” 
Avid nodded and sent his travel pod pickup coordinates through his Alert screen and received an address. He ordered an Uber on his phone. Then he looked up.
“I know this is an imposition, but we have only eight weeks to prepare, so we have to spend as much time together as possible. Is that okay with you? Can I come back tomorrow?”
Helen threw up her hands. “Of course! Dinner at seven o’clock again? Let’s plan on you coming over every night until it’s over, okay? Except Wednesdays. I have a group on Wednesdays. And you can come by during the day on weekends, and we’ll spend them together.” 
She smiled warmly. Avid knew he’d passed her tests. 
“I truly had a wonderful time tonight. I’m so happy that I met you.” 
She was brimming with happiness over having something really important to do, new things to learn and think about, something to look forward to, and someone to spend time with. Avid was happy to see that she wasn’t feeling at all depressed for the first time in four years. He could not detect any guilt or sadness at all.
Avid leaned toward her and gave her a hug. “Bon nuit, my darling,” she murmured. “Good night. Now off you go!” She opened the door and nudged him out.


Wednesday March 17, 2021, Time: 17:25 Apartment Swap
Helen was busy with her support group this evening, so Avid was at home in the control station and relaxing with a game of chess on his Alert screen when his doorbell rang. He got up and opened the door to find Chad standing there smiling, holding a bottle of wine and a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken, Original Recipe. 
The wine was a chardonnay, thoughtfully selected to complement the poultry. 
Avid looked up at Chad questioningly, without saying “Hello” or inviting him in. Finally, Chad broke the silence. 
“I have a favor to ask,” he said. 
Avid was not surprised and waved Chad into his apartment. He sat down on the couch and motioned Chad to a teal-colored accent chair. He wasn’t in the mood to entertain, but there he was, entertaining a Hero.
Chad placed the bucket of chicken on the coffee table, and then tilted the bottle of wine, resting it on his left forearm like a twentieth century French waiter, so Avid could assess its quality and vintage. It was a bottle of Trader Joe’s Charles Shaw wine, 2020, a vintage that had easily aged for several months.
“Do you have a corkscrew?” He asked. “You have to try this. It’s so much better than generic quick wine.” You could request any vintage from a quick wine dispenser, but the generic version was the equivalent of a house wine. It was the selection you made when you just wanted to get drunk on wine, not savor it.
Avid stood up and walked to the kitchen where he opened a drawer and poked around for a corkscrew. 
“And wine glasses,” Chad prompted.
Avid obediently grabbed two wine glasses and returned to the living room. He placed the objects on the coffee table, then sat back on the couch and let Chad open the bottle and pour the wine.
“And plates,” Chad continued. “Are you hungry?”
Actually, Avid was hungry and the chicken smelled good. He had been a vegetarian for most of his life, but had gotten pulled in by the flavor of meat, somehow, during his various excursions to destinations where meat was the sole or primary diet. He had never tried KFC, but he’d seen the signs alongside the road and his curiosity overcame his distrust. He stood up and fetched some plates and a roll of paper towels.
Chad, meanwhile, was unpacking a paper bag that held small tubs of mashed potatoes and gravy, coleslaw and green beans. He unwrapped the biscuits and placed them on a paper towel. He poured the Two-Buck Chuck into the wine glasses and took a sip with a satisfied sigh. He swept his hand over the feast and encouraged Avid to join him.
Avid sipped the wine and did not agree that it was superior to generic quick wine, but that was fine. He would not have requested this wine and vintage himself. However, wine was wine. You never noticed it, really, after the second glass if you were drinking to get drunk. Avid was not certain if he was drinking to get drunk in this moment, but a second glass might take the edge off of this visit, so he gulped to quickly make his way through the first glass. 
He still had said nothing.
Chad handed him a plastic spork.
Avid accepted the spork and examined it closely, turning it around in his hands. He took a second gulp of wine. He held up the spork and looked up at Chad blankly. The spork made no sense. 
Chad handed him a container of mashed potatoes and gravy, and said, “Eat.” When Avid continued to look at him questioningly, Chad pointed to the spork and said, “With that thing.”
“Ah,” Avid answered, and pealed the lid off the container. He sampled a bite with the spork. The food was strange, but not bad. It appeared to contain ample quantities of salt. The spork appeared to work, to a degree, so he took a second bite and then raised his wine glass to his lips. The third gulp of wine was, frankly, not too bad.
“Do you like white meat or dark meat?” Chad asked.
“It doesn’t matter. It’s all the same color brown,” he said, observing the fried chicken. He had never tasted chicken until he was twenty-nine years old, had never ordered chicken from a restaurant or discussed chicken with anyone in his life, and when he was served chicken during his various stints throughout history its color hadn’t come up in conversation. He had seen dark-colored chickens and white chickens, but had no idea what color chickens these were before they had been deep-fried and had taken up residence in a bucket. Therefore, he was noncommittal. 
Chad handed Avis a leg. Avis took a bite, raised his eyebrows and chewed thoughtfully. 
“Mmm,” he said.
“Good, right?”
“They put too much salt on everything here. But yeah, it’s really good.” He ate the meat down to the bone, which he discarded on his plate. He then tipped the bucket over to select another piece. He tried a different shape this time, a fat triangle. It was a thigh. That was good too, so he chose a smaller piece, a wing, and liked that as well. The only piece he hadn’t tried was that big shapeless thing, so he picked up a breast and took a big bite. All good, he thought, as he chewed. He had no preference, and still did not understand why Chad had asked him about light and dark chicken.
“Don’t forget your vegetables,” Chad said encouragingly, pushing containers of coleslaw and green beans toward Avid. He poured wine into Avid’s glass.
Chad watched Avid grow increasingly sated from the food, and mellow from the wine. He had created his own pile of chicken bones and plastic side dish containers on his plate, but was drinking his wine more slowly than Avid.
“I like these things,” Avid said, biting into a biscuit. “What are they?”
“Some kind of bread, I think.”
“Mmm,” he said chewing. He drank a large mouthful of wine to wash it down, then placed his glass back on the coffee table. Chad added more wine to the glass as soon as Avid’s hand moved away from it. The bottle was now empty.
“Quick wine?” Avid offered. He was now feeling a touch convivial, and didn’t even mind having Chad there anymore. He had not forgotten about the favor Chad would ask of him, but was feeling a bit more generous and gracious than he had before the Two-Buck Chuck.
Chad nodded, so Avid went to the kitchen where he poured a pitcher of water from the tap. He fished the cigar-shaped quick drink dispenser from the drawer and brought both into the living room. "Any preferences?" 
Chad shook his head, so Avid connected to the device from his Alert screen, selected a generic white wine and dipped the gadget into the pitcher of water, where it began to whir. The water took on a pale yellow cast, and when the gadget stopped whirring Avid withdrew it and set it on the coffee table. 
“Help yourself,” Avid said. “I asked for generic. Let’s compare. Better? Or worse?”
Chad poured wine into his glass, swished it around, then sniffed it and raised the glass to his lips.
“Which is better?” They both took a sip.
“Quick wine,” they both said at the same time, and laughed.
The quick drink dispenser was a ubiquitous kitchen gadget that recreated organic liquids from water, like various types of wine, beer, fruit juices, alcoholic beverages, coffee and tea. It offered a large number of variations of each. Nobody outside of the Technology Project understood how it worked (it was related to the same organic 3D printing that recreated food dishes, they presumed, only at a molecular level? Who knew?), but everyone had one, and every control station Commissary carried them in stock. The resulting drinks didn’t taste exactly like the originals, but were tasty enough to warrant extensive usage when one was short on groceries or alcohol, or living in a place and time where you had no ready access to either. Historians could carry them in their pockets and pull them out anywhere, so they always had any kind of drink that they wanted, provided they had a water source. They could even adjust the setting to have it disinfect the water, if they were uncertain about the water quality when they were on land. 
Chad still hadn’t divulged what the favor was that he was going to ask of Avid, and at this point Avid no longer cared that much.
“I have a favor to ask,” Chad finally said. Avid nodded genially. “Can we please swap apartments? I need to be closer to the main building.” He smiled hopefully.
“Why?”
“A woman,” Chad replied sheepishly. “She’s in this building. And because another woman I would like to get away from is in my current building. I would be very grateful.”
Avid thought for a second, then answered, “No.”
Chad was prepared for this. “You’d still be in a Hero apartment. In fact, mine is the same size as this one. It even has hot tub.”
“I have a hot tub here. I think I’ll stay.” The wine had made Avid brave.
Chad had a long list of persuasive tactics, and had only used tactics A and B.
“I’ll give you a perk.”
Avid’s head shot up. “What kind of a perk?” Heroes had the very best perks of all, and he had always wanted to share in those experiences.
“Five-star resort in Hawaii for one week. Ocean view.” Chad’s face showed no emotion, and once again he was blocking any telepathic invasion, but Avid had a sense that he could push this further with him. He had looked at Hawaii more than once when he cashed in his perks at the bank, but he had never been able to save enough.
“Okay. I want two weeks in that same ocean view resort, except that I also want a dinner cruise, a helicopter ride over a volcano and a parasailing ride – no two.”
Chad looked thoughtful, and then sighed and said, “Fine.” He pulled up his alert screen, accessed his bank account, gave the bank the list of items he wanted to withdraw, and then sent the contract to Avid. It popped up on Avid’s Alert display.
Avid read through the list of perks Chad agreed to transfer to him. It appeared to be complete. He accepted the offer, signed the contract for the apartment switch, and the Amendment that transferred Chad’s perks over to him. He then issued his own alert to Building Maintenance to move him into Chad’s apartment, which was some distance away. Chad issued the same alert to his Building Maintenance team, in reverse.
He didn’t really care that much about switching apartments. In fact, Avid felt as if he had cleverly conned Chad by making him give Avid all those extra perks. He actually liked the idea of having to walk eight hundred meters to the main building. He needed the exercise and he enjoyed the view. He was going to Hawaii. All in all, Avid was feeling pretty smug.


Thursday March 18, 2021, Time: 0947, No Perks for You
“What do you mean ‘the perks aren’t valid?” Avid had been awake half the night, planning his vacation to Hawaii. By the time he had made it to the bank in the morning, his entire existence revolved around a parasailing trip over the Pacific Ocean. No, two.
“Your first clue should have been that you didn’t receive the contract from the Legal Project. He gave it to you directly, person to person, and he added a clause. Move down to the bottom right of the text.” The bank representative sent an image of the contract to Avid’s Alert screen, with the clause highlighted in yellow.
Avid ran his eyes down the right side of the document display until he reached the bottom. 
“This agreement must be countersigned by Ajay Singh,” Avid read out loud. “So, we just get Ajay Singh to sign it.”
“Ajay Singh is dead. He’s been dead for a while.” The bank teller had a patient look about him, as if he were used to explaining things to people who were slow to understand. “Also, we don’t accept retroactive signatures, if you wanted to go back in time and ask him to sign this contract when he was still alive. That’s illegal…um…in case you were going to suggest that.”
“So we get Chad to remove the clause.”
“Okay,” the bank representative said, still patient. “You do that. Then come back.”
Avid got the distinct sense that the representative – who was telepathically blocked – was laughing at him.
“Is that all?” Avid was angry at Chad, but also angry at this man who was not being particularly helpful.
“I’m just wondering. Have you ever had any transactions with Heroes before?”
“No.”
“I see,” he said, nodding sagely. “No, that’s all. Thank you.” 
Avid stared at the man, whose face had no expression, then turned and left.



Friday March 19, 2021, Time: 1332, Tour of Chad’s Apartment
Avid had taken a travel pod to Chad’s apartment, not only to inspect it for his upcoming move into it, but to confront him about their contract to transfer the agreed-upon perks to Avid. The visit was prearranged the previous evening, and Chad had confirmed this morning. 
When Chad answered the door he was naked, and a woman behind him was throwing on a dress. She said hello to Avid, then paddled out the door barefoot and into the Historian apartment across the hall. This was apparently the woman Chad wanted Avid’s apartment to escape from.
“Come in! Can I get you something to drink? Have you eaten?” Chad led him into the living room and offered him a seat. “I’ve been looking forward to this so much! You finally get to see my apartment – I mean your apartment.”
“Weren’t you expecting me?” Avid asked, looking pointedly at Chad’s penis.
Chad laughed and went into the bedroom to put on some clothing. He seemed to be in a very jolly mood. Avid had no doubt that he was. 
Avid momentarily wondered if that woman knew that Chad was about to disappear from her life.
“Sit in this chair over here. It’s more comfortable,” Chad said as he came out of the bedroom. He walked over to a chair that had been transported to the mid-Atlantic control station in twenty-twenty-one from a furniture maker six hundred years from now. The chairs had been on sale, and Chad could not resist. Plus he had the perks to pay for shipping.
The chair was heaven. Avid missed home sometimes because of things like this chair. He sank into it and closed his eyes.
“So what would you like to drink?”
Avid opened his eyes and asked for a glass of water. Chad went into the kitchen to get one. Avid closed his eyes again, then reluctantly opened them and sat straight up when Chad returned. If he leaned back into the chair again he would be unconscious in minutes.
“So, do you like the apartment?”
Avid turned his head right and left and shrugged. He got up and took a tour of the place, moving from room to room, noting the piles of clothing, empty liquor bottles, fast food containers and trash, and a bathroom that appeared to not have been cleaned in weeks or months.
“Don’t you get room service?” Avid called back to Chad. “I thought everyone got room service.”
“People are too nosy. Robots are too noisy and they break things.” It was the “people are too nosy” statement that rang more true. Chad wanted no Maintenance Project cleaning staff poking through his things, even robots.
“Are you going to clean this place up before I move in?”
“You don’t like it?” Chad asked with dismay that seemed genuine. He seemed a little distraught over having disappointed Avid.
Avid didn’t answer. He returned to the living room and checked his water glass to see if it looked as if it had been washed. He noticed a ring of something dark in the bottom edges of the glass and put it back down. 
The bank teller had explained to Avid that the portion of the agreement that covered the apartment trade was separate from the Amendment that contained the additional perks (the trip to Hawaii). The apartment trade was on a standard downloadable contract that was valid unless someone tried to change the verbiage. When that happened, it required the Legal Project’s blessings, and they had to be the ones to deliver it. Chad had not changed anything in the apartment trade contract, so it was valid. The problem was with the Amendment, which was also a standard downloadable contract that required the Legal Project for any changes. Chad had added the clause that required the deceased Ajay Singh’s signature before the contract Amendment was valid, but had not run it past the Legal Project, where someone would have routinely checked to confirm Ajay Singh’s current viability, or lack thereof. 
So, the apartment trade agreement was binding, and the two men had to switch apartments. However, the Amendment was invalid so Avid would not receive his trip to Hawaii until Chad agreed to remove the clause and present Avid with a the original and unchanged downloadable Amendment form.
Avid just moved right into it. “The bank won’t honor the Amendment. Could you please redo it? It can’t have that clause at the end that requires a cosigner.”
Chad widened his eyes in lip-quivering dismay. He was being very genuine again. 
“I’m so sorry!” he said to Avid. “I didn’t have the perks in my bank. I blew them all on Carnavale in Brazil, 1979 last month. So I asked my friend Ajay to lend me some of his until I could pay him back at the end of the month. He told me yes, but he had to co-sign in order for the bank to pull the perks from his account and put them into mine. Simple. Just contact him and get him to sign it.”
“Ajay is dead.”
“No he isn’t! I just saw him last week in Mexico, 1910!”
“You apparently saw a younger version of him. He was probably assigned there years ago, but you just went there last week.” Avid gave Chad a headshake. “You do know how this works, right? He’s legally dead. If you’d done this correctly through the Legal Project they would have told you that.” Avid’s indignant tone of exasperated affront came from his having just learned all this himself.
A time traveler could not enter into a valid contract after dying. All contract dates were based on the date in the twenty-eighth century when the Legal Project recorded the signatures, regardless of the time period during which the contract was signed. 
The same was true with death dates. The Legal Project used the twenty-eighth century date on which they received notification of death, regardless of the historical year the person was living in at the time of death. If you visited a time and place where the soon-to-be-deceased had been before dying and you encountered that person there, that still-alive “deceased” person might be willing to enter into a contract with you, but legally could not if the legal signature date occurred after the twenty-eighth century death date. The Legal Project would reject the contract. If a person did not follow protocol and gave a revised contract directly to the other party, as Chad had, no one would honor it.
This law prevented exploitation of the soon-to-be deceased by the people who outlived them, and it protected the rights of their heirs. The Mitigators had had compelling reasons to draw up this law which was, interestingly, inspired by Heroes.
“I asked the wrong version of Ajay…” Chad slapped his forehead. “Gah! I’m such a dumb ass.” He looked at Avid confused. “But how do you ask someone if he’s dead in your time? How would he even know?”
“The Legal Project tells you.” 
Chad had no response, and no reaction.
Furthermore, Avid had a counter argument. 
“Say you are a dumb ass and didn’t know how to obtain a legal contract. Let’s think about the facts. How was a member of the Indian Dynasty ever sent to Mexico? Ajay didn’t look Mexican.”
“He was doing support in the control station, monitoring the situation on the scanner and sending instructions.”
That was a smooth answer. Avid wouldn’t be likely to know if Heroes from incongruous Race Dynasties were actually sent to work from home in locations that were inappropriate for them. Avid didn’t know anything about Hero assignments, so he couldn’t say it was a lie. If it was, it was well-played. 
He also didn’t know if Mexico, 1910 was Chad’s previous assignment before he arrived here last week. It was unlikely that a Caucasian Dynasty Hero would be dispatched to Mexico either, but realistically there might have been some Caucasians who participated in the Mexican Revolution because the United States was right across the border. He just didn’t know for certain. It seemed suspicious to Avid, but not enough to entirely discount Chad’s claim. Finally, he didn’t know if Chad was really broke or not. 
Was Chad a dumb ass? Or had he deliberately cheated Avid out of the promised perks?
“Can you wait until Tuesday? It’s just a few days. Then I get paid and I can rewrite the Amendment.”
“Tuesday. Then I report you.” Avid was stern. Pressure might be the only way he could squeeze those perks out of Chad.
“I promise. Tuesday.” Chad smiled charmingly. “I promise,” he repeated reassuringly. “Really.”
“Fine,” Avid said, and got up to leave. “What day do we make the apartment switch?”
“Monday,” Chad replied.
The score was: Chad 1, Avid 0.
Avid later conducted some research just to make certain he could not obtain a signature, and found that Ajay Singh had primarily focused on assignments in ancient India, and had only a few vacation side trips to the twentieth century. Mexico, 1910 was not in his travel history (neither was it in Chad’s travel history). Ajay died on a date in the twenty-eighth century seven years ago. Ajay was definitely dead for Avid’s purposes, and Chad was most definitely a liar.
The score was: Chad for the win.


Friday March 19, 2021, Time: 1509, Inconvenient Date of Death Law
After returning home and conducting his research on Ajay, Avid also researched the Historian Date of Death law, did not thoroughly understand it, and thus concluded that the Amendment was still valid without Ajay’s signature.
He went to the Bank and presented his discovery and his conclusions to the same bank representative to whom he had spoken earlier.
“The Amendment you signed is strictly for transferring perks from one person’s account to another. It’s a standard contract, unless one of the parties makes any changes to the wording, which means Legal needs to be involved, which they were not. In addition, it requires a counter signature from someone who is deceased and cannot sign. We have two issues here. That countersignature alone makes the Amendment invalid. See the introduction.” He sent the contract to Avid’s Alert screen with the wording highlighted in yellow. “Since one of the parties is deceased, the entire Amendment is void.” Avid was crestfallen. 
“And after all this time, anything Ajay had in his account would have been disbursed to his heirs, so there wouldn’t be anything left in there anyway.”
Avid looked at him sadly hopeless.
“Didn’t Chad agree to a new contract when you asked him?” He said this with a straight face.
Avid, again, got the distinct impression that the bank agent was laughing at him.
“He said he’s broke, but he gets paid on Tuesday. He’ll transfer the perks to me then.”
“Ah!” the bank representative said brightly. “Then all is most certainly well with you. Congratulations!” He smiled a perky smile. “I’ll see you back here on Tuesday when you come to cash in.”
Avid left uncomfortably certain that the bank representative was mocking him.
“See you Tuesday!” the man called after him with a wide smile, waving. “Have a wonderful weekend!”


Saturday, March 20, 2021 Time: 2013, Helen Learns Telepathy
“The problem is that they’ve been using genetic manipulation for hundreds of years to enhance the part of the brain that controls telepathy,” Avid told Helen. “Your brain doesn’t have those genetic enhancements, so I don’t know how much you can learn.” 
She could learn something, he guessed. Even in this time and place there were legitimate telepaths whose brains were more highly evolved in that area than average. Some of these taught mindreading classes, and there were books Helen could purchase online on the subject. There were even courses in communicating telepathically with animals; in Avid’s time this was a specialized skill some people chose to pursue. 
Avid didn’t know which of these classes and books, if any, were effective or if he should recommend them to her. He didn’t know if there were people here who successfully activated the telepathy segment of their brains from taking these courses. Maybe some? Maybe none? However, he did know from his own training that coaching and practice had improved his ability. Concentrated effort definitely helped, so that’s what they both needed to focus on.
He just didn’t know if Helen could learn this from someone like Avid who had never taught the skill to anyone before, and who never had to struggle to locate and activate that portion of his brain because it was fully functioning at his birth. It would be like trying to teach Helen how to wiggle her ears. Even if he could do it, he didn’t know which specific muscles he needed to activate or how, so he couldn’t explain to her what she needed to do herself. If he didn’t really know how his brain was different from Helen’s at the synapse level or what kinds of controls she might already have and how she needed to use them, could he teach her? Could he teach her? It might be hopeless. They should have assigned someone else to this, he thought again.
His Educators had taught him that you could train yourself mentally to hone in on and activate the specific part of the brain that controls telepathy. You could also ignore it and let it atrophy. This brain performance definitely occurred in nature because the geneticists had to have identified its specific inherent functionality and its location in the brain before they could begin to study and enhance it. They did not concoct it from nothing. 
From what Avid learned in school, this innate ability was present and in use during prehistoric times, but it had been mostly dormant since humans switched to spoken language. That segment of the brain could be nurtured in virtually everyone. However, the resulting telepathic functionality was usually very weak without genetic enhancement. You might be able to pick up extreme messages, such as that a loved one was in trouble or hurt, but you would not be able to read the actual words floating through someone’s mind, or would only catch snippets. Avid doubted anyone in the twenty first century had been born capable of achieving his skill level. Too much personal effort and physical intervention had gone into it for it to randomly occur in nature, he thought.
“Can we try at least?” Helen gave him an exaggeratedly pleading look. 
“We can, but I’m not sure how to begin,” Avid said to Helen. “I’m trying to think.” They were sitting on her couch about to commence her first mindreading lesson. Avid guessed that the effort was futile, but he didn’t want to disappoint Helen by telling her that. 
An Alert displayed immediately on his screen with a scanner clip of a preschool classroom full of tiny children, all of them about three years old.
“Thank you!” Avid said out loud. The image flickered off and then on again, as if the person on the other end was acknowledging his thanks. People who were viewing live scanner feeds could not communicate through them as effectively as they did on Alert screens.
Helen knew by now that Avid was talking to the Mitigator-on-duty and was looking at something on his screen. She picked up a nail file and worked on a nail to keep herself occupied while Avid watched the clip. 
An educator stood in front of about ten children sitting in a half-circle on the floor and raised her hand. “How many of us love Mommy?” She asked. 
All the children raised their hands as high as they could reach.
“Very good! We all love our mommies. And how do we feel when we love Mommy? Does it feel good?”
The children all bobbed their heads up and down.
The educator pointed to a little boy. “If you close your eyes and think about Mommy, does she feel a certain way to you? Is there anything about the way she feels to you that is just Mommy and nobody else?”
The little boy closed his eyes and thought about Mommy while the other children watched. He nodded his head.
“The way she feels is different from the way Daddy feels to you, or Grandma or Grandpa, isn’t it? She feels like Mommy and nobody else.”
The little boy nodded. 
She pointed to a little girl. 
“You have two mommies, but they feel different from each other, don’t they? Mommy feels different from Mama, doesn’t she? So, it isn’t being your mother that makes your Mommy feel the way she does to you. She feels the way she does because she is a person. Every person feels a certain way to other people, even you.”
The little girl grinned and twisted around to see if everyone saw how the teacher was talking just to her.
“Other people know you from the way you feel to them when they think about you – and it’s different from what they feel when they think about any other person in the world! It’s you! That’s what they feel. You!”
The Educator looked around the room. 
“I want you to all think about Mommy. This is just practice. We’re going to practice giving Mommy a big heart hug. When we learn how, we’re going to surprise her, aren’t we?”
The children all nodded.
“Will your heart hug make her happy or sad?”
“Happy!” all the children cried out. 
One little boy yelled “So happy!” and rolled on his back giggling. 
“So happy!” Several other children yelled in response, also giggling.
“Why will it make her happy?” She pointed to a little girl. 
“Because it feels good.”
“It feels good! It feels like love, doesn’t it? Do you know why? Because it is love! And love feels good!” 
She walked behind the children and lightly ran her fingers over all the little heads in turn. Then she returned to the front of the class. 
“We’ve all had heart hugs, haven’t we?” The children all nodded. “Sometimes I give you heart hugs. I gave heart hugs to a lot of you today. Did any of you ever notice?”
Several children raised their hands. She turned to a child who hadn’t raised his hand. “What if I were to give you a heart hug right now? Would you like that?” 
The child nodded.
“Okay, get ready for your heart hug!” She focused on the little boy and telepathically pushed her love into him. He squirmed and giggled.
“Did you feel that?” He nodded, grinning.  
“Me too! Me too!” The teacher went around the room and gave each child a heart hug. Afterward they all stood up and scrambled over to her laughing, and threw their arms around her neck, pressing their cheeks against whatever part of her they could reach. She was draped in little children. She wrapped her arms around the cluster of children for a minute as far as she could stretch. 
She pulled away and had them all line up in front of her. She gave each child a big physical hug, and then asked them all to sit still on the floor again. 
“Think about how a heart hug feels to you. Mommy gives you heart hugs, doesn’t she? That’s how she tells you she loves you. Anyone can give anyone a heart hug, though, and you can give a heart hug to anyone you want, but first we need to learn how to give Mommy a heart hug. She gets the very first one, okay?” 
“Then Daddy?” A little girl asked.
“Yes. Then Daddy. Then anyone you want, even me!” 
She pointed to a little boy. “When is a good time to give a heart hug to someone?”
“When they’re sad,” he said.
“That’s right! Anyone else?”
“When they’re scared!”
“When they’re hurt!”
“You’re all right! We give heart hugs to people when they’re sad or scared or hurt. We also give heart hugs when they’re happy, so they know that we’re happy that they’re happy! We can even give heart hugs just so people know we’re with them when they feel lonely.”
She walked around the room again while the children’s eyes followed her adoringly.
“We can do that sometimes with strangers too, if we feel sad for them. That’s harder so we’ll learn that last, but it’s very important. It makes them happy for a minute, doesn’t it? You can make sad people happy even though you don’t even know them just by giving them a heart hug! You’ll do a lot of that, once you learn how, won’t you? That’s right. We’ll all do that every day for someone who’s sad.”
There was more to the scanner clip, but Avid had seen enough. He knew what to do now, and closed the image. He interpreted the scene as indicating that Helen couldn’t learn telepathy, but she could probably connect to someone with her emotions, as the little children had. The higher she was on the Empath scale, the more easily she would be able to learn to do it. He had no idea where Helen placed on that scale, but it was what the Mitigators had given him to work with, and he trusted them.
“Okay, I’m ready,” he told Helen. She looked up with an eager smile.
“We’re going to start with heart hugs. They’re really basic. They’re the first thing they teach us in school.”
“What’s a heart hug?” She asked. Then her expression grew solemn. “That’s what you did the other night, wasn’t it?”
Avid knew that she had been deeply impacted by it – in a good way – but she wasn’t ready to talk about it. 
Avid nodded. “A heart hug directly connects you to someone else on an emotional level. It’s like telepathy, but you can’t hear the words, you can only sense the feelings. It’s basic maintenance in my time, like food and water. If you don’t connect on an emotional level with anyone, you can get angry, anxious, depressed, violent in some cases, physically ill, or you can die prematurely. It’s a primal need. In fact, nobody in my time would ever have allowed you to go on this way for as long as you have any more than they would have let you starve.” He sounded indignant. “Any one of us would have stepped in to prop you up at any time, if we saw that you needed it. I’m so sorry.”
Helen was reacting with shame and embarrassment for having been needy. It was not Avid’s intention to make her feel ashamed, and it saddened him.
She was like a desert, Avid thought. That’s what happens to most people here, isn’t it? That’s what happens when you haven’t connected with anyone for so long that even love hurts. He didn’t like this time and place. It was one of the worst he’d seen.
Helen sighed and looked down at her nails.
“They let you fall to the side, just let you be a gutter ball – I don’t know what that means. It’s on my screen. Thank you! And they don’t care about you after that because it’s not convenient or it’s not important to them. Sometimes people mean well, but they just don’t know how to care for someone, so they just ignore the situation or they blame the victim in order to rationalize their decision to just walk by.” Now he almost sounded angry. “The people here criticize and mock the gutter balls. The people here judge them and punish them. It’s not right.” 
Avid had pondered that situation for the entire time he had been in this era. In earlier times there was community support. But here, people had to carry so much alone without any help or backup. Families split apart and lived in different houses, different towns, different countries. Neighbors never spoke and didn’t even know each other’s names. People primarily kept track of one another on the Internet, with no personal face-to-face interaction. Religions pretended to fill the void, but they usually demanded that you think a certain way or be a certain thing, like heterosexual for instance, or they ejected you. It was all so disgraceful, that so many of the people here were walking wounded who committed crimes, committed suicide, got ill, were hurtful toward others, or died prematurely without any intervention at all. This society even begrudged some people food, shelter, and medical treatment. But there was nothing he could do about it. He couldn’t even give a homeless person a heart hug because it could impact the continuum. Of all the things he’d seen, that was the one thing that haunted him the most.
Helen looked at the ceiling. 
“Gutter balls are your job, and you can’t fix them with the tools they gave you. You can’t fix them when you’re a gutter ball yourself. You want to give up sometimes.” He was reading Helen’s mind. Those were her thoughts in this moment.
Helen looked at him sharply.
“But you keep trying.” Avid said to her gently. “I love that you do that, Helen. I really do.” His screen flashed. It was a message from the Mitigator-on-duty.
Avid read the message.
“The Mitigators want you to know that they’ve been monitoring you too, this whole time. I didn’t tell you that, but there you go.” Avid gave Helen a sheepish grimace. “Surprise, you live in a fishbowl, like I do, for as long as I’m around. Sorry about that. But they think you’re magic with your support group – that’s the word they used, magic – and they all want to tell you that they appreciate you.”
Helen’s face changed.
“Chinatsu is the Historical Mitigator who just sent you that heart hug.”
Helen laughed with tears in her eyes. “Love you, Chinatsu!” she shouted. “So I just got a heart hug from the historical equivalent of Joe Biden, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Can we pretend it’s the historical equivalent of Justin Trudeau?”
Avid laughed. Helen wiped her eyes and was herself again.
“So, let’s get started, okay?” Avid adjusted himself in his seat to face her.
“What were you watching on your screen just now?”
“They pulled a scanner clip of my first day of school when I was three years old, and they played it for me. They teach you about heart hugs on your first day, and they work with you until you can do them without help. The Mitigators were just reminding me to begin at the beginning.”
Helen was never going to be able to read thoughts because she wasn’t equipped. However, she could read emotions, Avid presumed. Human beings had had that emotional connection with other humans since the beginning of time - the Telepathy Project had verified this and reported back. No matter how atrophied the ability was after tens of thousands of years of neglecting it, that section of the brain existed, so Helen should be able to access it. Otherwise Avid would not have received guidance from the Mitigators to teach her how. His confidence grew a little.
“Let’s begin,” Avid said.
Helen nodded.
“Do you remember when your son and your husband first died, and you felt them around you?” Avid didn’t know that she had specifically experienced this, but he knew that everyone else did.
Helen looked alarmed. She’d never told anyone about that.
“That was really them. When people die, they surround their loved ones with their energy and embrace them. It happens with almost everyone. Don’t look so surprised. It’s more common than dirt. That’s an expression, right? “
Helen didn’t answer.
“And you knew it was them because there’s a part of your brain that recognized their energy.” He interrupted himself. “Do you know what a barcode is? Whatever that means. It’s on my screen. Thank you! It’s like everyone has an individual barcode, and when you sense a person’s energy your brain reads the barcode the way it recognizes a smell and ties it to a memory. Whenever you feel that specific sensation, you associate it with a specific person the same way a smell brings back a memory. You know exactly how they felt to you, so you know exactly who that person is without guessing. You just know, like you knew it was your husband and your son. It’s a kind of telepathy, but it’s so basic to your emotions and so universal that you don’t usually need to learn how to use it. You already have it. Everyone does, I think.”
Helen’s eyes were wide.
“Energy is energy, so the person you’re sensing can be alive or dead – energy can’t be destroyed so you can sense them either way - but I want you to just focus on the energy part of it and how to deliberately tune into it. Think of what it felt like when you felt your family. You’ll feel something like that now, but different because you’re going to tune into my barcode not theirs. We’re going to have you start with me. Poke around in your head until you sense something that you know is me.”
Helen looked at him a little warily. 
“If you were to close your eyes and think of me, do you sense something that’s only me and nobody else?”
Helen closed her eyes. After a few moments, she nodded.
“Okay. Now keep focusing on that. Don’t let go of it. Wait until I tell you to stop.” 
He let her sit there for two or three minutes and monitored how well she was tuning in to him. It came and went, but it was actually a pretty good first effort. 
“Now let go.”
Helen opened her eyes.
“This connection happens a lot when you fall in love with someone. That’s the best example I can give you. You just want to crawl inside of that person, so you poke around with your heart until you feel them on that level. Remember how it felt with your husband.”
“You don’t have to be in love to do this, though, right?”
“You don’t even have to be in like. It can be a total stranger. It’s just an action, like opening a door. But if you think about being in love, it brings you closer to understanding what I’m trying to teach you to recognize.”
Helen looked thoughtful and determined.
“After you connect, you focus on feeling love for this person. It can be completely impersonal love. Or call it empathy. We all have the capacity to love and connect to every other person on the planet, so you can do this with anyone. Then you rev up that energy connection that you’re feeling, and you push that love in their direction, toward their energy. They feel it. It’s nice, and it helps them.”
Helen’s wheels were spinning. Her first thought was of her patients. She was anxious to get to the stage where she could do this to anyone at all, even someone she didn’t know.
“Is this part of psychotherapy where you come from?” she asked.
“Yeah. It goes a little further than that, but yeah.” Avid was pleased that he actually had some experience with this. “I took a few psychology courses in school, so I can kind of explain the process to you.”
“How is that different from psychotherapy here? Other than heart hugs, I mean. How does it work?”
Avid didn’t know how to approach the subject delicately. Psychotherapy was in its very early infancy in this time and place, and it really wasn’t as effective as it needed to be no matter how skilled or well-meaning a therapist was. Only about seventy-five percent of people in therapy showed any improvement. The rest of the patients remained gutter balls. That percentage would be unacceptable in his world. 
Here, people received treatment that involved talking about emotions while the therapist retained a respectable distance, or it relied on drugs to numb you or adjust your brain chemistry. This all worked to some degree, but wasn’t one hundred percent effective one hundred percent of the time. It was too inexact and experimental. He didn’t want to insult Helen by disparaging her life’s work, but it all made him sad.
On the other hand, her own thoughts had been “can’t do this with the tools they gave me,” so she was aware of its limitations.
“I’ll show you. Give me your hands.” Avid held his hands out, and Helen placed her hands in his. “Don’t say anything. I do all the talking until I tell you.”
Avid energized the telepathic part of his brain that dealt with emotion and locked eyes with Helen, but his eyes were slightly unfocused. And yet they were “seeing” at the same time, Helen noted. They bore straight into her but it wasn’t frightening, and she didn’t feel exposed. She felt, “Thank God! You finally came!” It felt like someone had shown up with water when she was dying of thirst. She stared back, hypnotized. 
He began his telepathic probe, which did not involve mindreading at all. He could not hear her thoughts because he was channeling her emotions. At the root of it, his world’s psychotherapy was primal and visceral, not intellectual. He gently probed her to locate the sore spots. He knew they were there and he knew what they were because he knew Helen, but a trained therapist could do this without knowing a thing about a person. Avid had just enough training so that this type of probe was giving him all the information about Helen that he needed to help her.
Anyone hearing a “therapy conversation” would never be able to follow it, and it made no sense to anyone but the patient. Sometimes even the therapist didn’t understand, but the patient always did. As Avid spoke, he used telepathy to also send the words straight into Helen so she couldn’t dismiss them or misunderstand them. This boosted his words and give them more power. He was speaking to her both verbally and mentally.
“It wasn’t your fault, and it wasn’t your failing,” Avid began. “It had nothing to do with you.” He was probing the painful spot that involved her son’s suicide.” He gently applied salve to that wound, deliberately aiming love directly toward her pain. “The problem is that there’s a distance between a child and a parent. A parent can’t bridge that gap. There are always things your children can’t tell you, and things you can’t do to help and protect them even if you spend your life helping and protecting everyone else, and even if you’ve saved other people from the same things.
“Children always pull back and hide a part of themselves from their parents to protect their parents and themselves. Shame, sometimes. Shame most of the time. It doesn’t matter how desperate the situation is because a parent can’t ever access that gap between where the two of you meet, and where the child pulls away. This was a situation where he had to find someone else who could reach into that gap and help him, and he happened to not ever find that person. That was the tragedy, not what you did or didn’t do. We need to mourn the fact that he was lost and no one ever found him in that gap you couldn’t access. It was never your failure.”
Helen’s eyes widened. Avid had never seen her look so completely vulnerable. 
“And you didn’t fail your husband. You didn’t kill him. You certainly didn’t kill him with anything you failed to do to save your son. Whether or not he died of grief or shock – and we don’t know, do we? – it wasn’t you. It might have been in the cards for him to die when he did all along, even if your son had lived. If not, blame that gap and its consequences, not yourself.” Avid applied salve to that wound, focusing on her husband a little longer.”
Helen interrupted. “I feel my husband right now.”
“He agrees,” Avid said. “Listen to him. Let it go.” 
He continued to telepathically apply love to the wounds. Helen continued to stare at him with vulnerable, helpless eyes.
“What happened to you was preparation, not punishment. You apparently have some really important work to do that you could only do after experiencing that level of grief. The Universe doles things out with purpose. Always remember that.
“And the Mitigator told you that they all admire the way you manage your grief support group. Remember? How effective would you really be if you hadn’t had your experiences? And you got a compliment from a Mitigator. I know you have no idea what that means, but in my world you’d have bragging rights for the rest of your life. You need to feel so proud of the way you’re helping people. Really. You need to feel so proud.”
Avid let go of her hands. Helen’s hands remained mid-air as if she wasn’t prepared to let him go yet. Her eyes were almost pleading, and they were brimming with tears. It had been the most profound experience of her life, and she felt lighter now.
“Holy shit,” she breathed. “How in the hell did you do that?”
“Are you okay?”
“Holy shit. Wow. Oh my god.”
“Really, are you okay?”
“I’m wonderful.” She leaned over to hug him. “Thank you, my dear friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.” She released Avid and leaned back into the couch. “I have to learn how to do that. I have so many questions.” 
“Sure. We can go over it.”
“I didn’t say a word. I never said anything. It was all you.”
“That’s how it works.”
“But I never told you any of those things that you knew.”
“I knew about your husband and son. They told me in your bio.”
“But you didn’t know how I felt about it.”
“When you probe someone, it’s right there. I feel what you feel, and that’s what I felt, so that’s why I said whatever I said. It’s not magic. It’s brain wiring and practice with a little bit of assistance from the Universe. They have courses on it where I come from. You can learn it too. I think. I’m pretty sure you can. We’ll see.”
She looked into the distance. “Wow. Psychotherapy comes a long way, doesn’t it?”
“It has its own Project in my time. People devote their lives to fine-tuning it, and real psychotherapists are much more skilled than I was just now.” 
Helen responded with a jaw drop. Avid heard her wondering if she could ever meet a psychotherapist from his time and have a discussion.
“The Mitigators require this for everyone so we don’t become gutter balls.” Avid laughed. “We all get periodically fine-tuned with a booster session because it’s mandatory. But we don’t need many sessions to get through actual problems. Sometimes people only need just one.”
Helen turned her head toward Avid. “I can totally see that. Wow.”
“I was talking to you telepathically at the same time I was talking verbally. That would be how we do it. You might not be able to learn to speak telepathically because I don’t think I can teach you that. You’ll just connect emotionally and push love into the person while you describe what you sense from them. It’s really basic, but it works in a pinch.”
“Stereo. You were speaking in stereo.” Helen threw her head back and laughed. 
“We’ll practice it every day. Okay? But enough for now. I’ll order an Uber and let you settle in for the night.”


Sunday, March 21, 2021, Time: Evening, Heroes Explore the City
Nectar and Janicyl had met with Chad and Dirk in the morning for introductions, and they were all about to explore Washington, D.C., 2021. Nectar was going to drive the Range Rover, which was large enough for all of them to travel together. 
The last vehicle she had driven was a 1962 Nash Rambler convertible with controls that included an AM radio, a cigarette lighter, and a knob you turned right and left to control the heat. The Range Rover presented her with some challenges. Even getting into the locked car with keyless entry had left her stumped for several minutes as she tried to figure out how to insert the key fob into the door. The fob had buttons, so she pressed them. This made the car beep once, then beep twice. Finally she pressed the button that triggered a shrieking alarm that startled her and made everyone jump. 
Her Alert screen came to the rescue. The first order of business was to press the alarm button again to stop the noise. She did that. The second order of business was to press the button that unlocked the door, and then open it. She did that too. 
They all climbed into the car, Janicyl and Dirk in the back, with Chad sitting next to Nectar in the front.
Next she was confronted with the steering column and the dashboard, neither of which had a place for her to insert that key fob. She pushed the buttons again because they had worked before, but they did not work this time. She was stumped until her Alert screen automatically displayed a video of how to use the controls and turn the car on, shift it into gear and back it out of its parking spot. Nectar had to turn her Alert screen on “audio” in order to receive instructions without having to read them as she gingerly backed the car out of Dirk’s apartment parking spot, then crawled through the garage and slowly turned right to ease out onto the road. She proceeded at a brisk fifteen miles an hour, determined to drive straight until infinity so she would never have to navigate any other turns because they were too complicated.
She wasn’t afraid, exactly. She was primarily trying to avoid wrecking the car and appearing to be incompetent. Life was not worth living unless your associates feared and respected you. 
The graphic-heavy control panel distracted, confused, and annoyed her. She ignored it for now and followed her Alert screen instructions. So far so good. Growing in confidence, she pressed down on the gas pedal until her speed reached twenty-five miles per hour. Gradually she worked her way up to forty miles per hour. She might even make a turn, just to try it out, she thought.
Meanwhile, the three other Heroes created distractions with their animated conversation, and as a result Nectar had several near misses. 
She finally pulled over and hit the brakes.
“Shut up all of you, or get out,” she said ominously. Her words held power for a small, curly-haired blonde person dressed in a long floral dress hiked up to her knees so it didn’t interfere with the gas pedal, which she was able to reach only after she had pulled the seat all the way forward with help from her Alert screen. Everyone took note and shut up. Nectar pulled away and continued to drive in somber silence, gripping the wheel with both hands, bracing for the left turn she saw coming up on her GPS screen.
The Language Team had adjusted their language settings so that all four Heroes could communicate in both English and Hinduese. This way they could freely communicate with each other in Hinduese without the subjects understanding what they were saying. Hinduese was going to be safe in their limited assignment circle and was preferable in this situation because it didn’t have the shock value of the language Historians were now forced to speak on land to make them keep their mouths shut. The Mitigators made this exception just for the Heroes in this assignment because of that 911 call by that well-meaning bystander. 
They had intended to enjoy a very expensive dinner at a restaurant to discuss the upcoming plans to meet with the subjects on Tuesday. Then they planned to enjoy a night at the clubs. However, once the Heroes received Nectar’s permission to speak, they each consulted Yelp on their smart phones and conveyed to each other that most of the restaurants were only offering carryout, while most of the clubs were closed because of the Covid shutdown. So they placed an order for carryout at a restaurant that seemed to be very pricey and picked it up, then visited a liquor store and purchased copious amounts of liquor. They then went to Dirk’s on-land apartment, where they enjoyed their luxury carryout meal, and drank to excess. 
Nectar had already played with the scented bidet – she loved antiques – and was excited about the $40,000 antique light-show shower fixture after Dirk gave the ladies a tour, so she accepted Dirk’s offer that she experience it herself. While she was showering amid the light show Dirk decided to experience it with her, so the two of them were doing that while Chad and Janicyl sat in the living room smoking weed and drinking, and playing Grand Theft Auto on Dirk’s ninety-eight-inch screen television. Shouts and whoops came from both rooms.  
A short time later, Dirk returned in a towel to watch Chad and Janicyl blow up shop clerks and bomb civilians from airplanes, without mentioning Nectar who was drying her hair and getting dressed in his luxurious bathroom. When she returned to the living room she barked at Dirk to put some clothes on and stay the hell away from her, then sat and watched something on her Alert screen.
At about 2100 hours Chad remembered that he had to switch apartments in the morning, so he ordered pickup coordinates to return to the control station for the women and himself. Dirk remained behind, but would regret that later when everyone else reported back to him about the party. The three Heroes traveled home together in a travel pod with six full boxes containing the bottles of liquor.
Upon arriving at the control station, they all went to Chad’s apartment wheeling the boxes of liquor on a momentarily unattended wheeled push-truck they found near the entrance to the commissary. They left it in the hallway outside Chad’s apartment instead of returning it. The individual who was using it came back to find it mysteriously gone, and searched for it fruitlessly. 
The four of them had some more to drink and passed a smoking bong amongst themselves while Chad thought about what he needed to do, to prepare for his move in the morning. The marijuana was eroding his motivation to prepare, but the liquor demanded action so he invited forty-three other Heroes to join them.
They all came.
At some point the party got out of control. It perhaps began with the couch fire, which erupted when someone dropped a lit joint between the cushions. As the smoke rose higher the sprinkler system doused everyone and soaked the carpet. The water stopped when the fire was out, but everyone was wet now. Some of the people felt chilly and had begun taking off their wet shirts to get warm. At this point, Chad pumped the music up. Everyone found naked musicality to be very festive, so the other attendees began to strip, and some of them stripped naked. There was now a pile of wet clothing in the corner of the living room. After Chad raised the volume even further, the attendees began to dance maniacally with drinks and joints in hand.
Inspired by the sprinkler system, Janicyl found a bottle of champagne in Chad’s kitchen and shook it, then popped the cork and aimed it at the partygoers. What a good idea, the others thought, and raided Chad’s stash of champagne to spray the walls and each other. 
Having used up the champagne but still feeling inspired, they broke into Chad’s supply of red wine and poured it on each other, the walls, and the carpet. When that ran out they created quick wine and used that.
Feeling nostalgic for the couch fire and wanting to see the sprinkler system go off again, one Hero set fire to the drapes, thus prompting the sprinkler system to reenact its earlier life-saving efforts. The cold shower began again. The attendees laughed and danced with more fervor. The carpet was nearly liquid. But fortunately the fire was out again. 
Chad concluded that you could hardly notice the heavy smoke stains on three walls in the living room, or the fingers of smoke that spread into the hallway and the bedrooms. Avid would never notice. If he did, the apartment wasn’t Chad’s problem anymore.
And so the party continued until nearly dawn, at which point Chad sent everyone away and grabbed a quick hour-long nap in the driest bedroom before preparing for his move. When he awoke he packed his clothing and his personal belongings. His liquor was gone now and the empty bottles were scattered throughout the apartment, so his load was light. 
Next, he reminded the maintenance team that he needed Avid’s old apartment to be redecorated with all new furniture suitable for a Hero, except for his twenty-eighth century chair, which should be transferred over from his old apartment, as per his earlier move request. He was assured that they would make the change tomorrow. 
He added, finally, that he wanted his twenty-eighth century chair cleaned before they moved it to his new apartment.
Then he left.


Tuesday March 22, 2021, Time: 1115, The Morning Afterl
Chad was not in the complex, or anywhere to be found. He had completely disappeared after leaving his apartment for Avid to clean up, so Avid could not confront him about the perks Chad owed him. There was too much on Avid’s mind right now anyway. 
He had reported the issue and was waiting for the maintenance team to prepare his temporary apartment, where he would stay until they had cleaned and refurnished this one. He had brought his personal belongings, but found it necessary to leave them with a friend because there was nowhere dry to set everything down. 
He looked around his new apartment in despair. He found a merely-damp corner in one of the extra bedrooms, curled into the fetal position, and stared at the splattered wall. The place smelled like sour wine and smoke. All of Chad’s original garbage and dirty dishes remained where they had been when Avid had first visited, except that the fast food containers were now disintegrating into the wet carpet while used red plastic Solo cups seemed to be abandoned on every flat surface in the apartment. 
There, inexplicably, was a pile of wet clothing on the living room floor. It did not appear to be Chad’s because the sizes varied and the clothing styles applied to persons of both genders. The bathroom was even more disgusting than it had been earlier, as someone at last evening’s party had vomited in the bathtub without cleaning it up.
He was pressing his temples with his eyes closed and pondering his pointless life when his Alert screen flashed green. It read, “Happy Tuesday! You’re going to Hawaii! Come back to the bank for your perks!” 
This managed to bring some hope and solace to Avid, who immediately pulled himself into an upright seated position. Then he stood up and jogged through the hallways of the building to the travel pod garage with his wet shoes squeaking each time they hit the ground. He climbed into a pod and instructed it to take him to the main building, where he jogged from the garage to the bank. 
His bank representative was waiting for him, grinning. Several other people were gathered around him, smiling broadly, all looking at Avid as if it were his birthday.
Avid waited for someone to say something because he was thoroughly confused. A woman called out, “Aloha!!” Everyone laughed. Were they laughing at him? It was hard to tell.
His smiling bank representative led him to a seat, then said, “You can’t tell anyone what I’m about to tell you. Not anyone.” 
Avid nodded.
He sent a contract to Avid’s Alert screen and folded his hands on his desk. 
“This is a non-disclosure agreement. Once you sign it I can tell you what’s going on, and you get your perks.”
Avid reviewed the contract, and his eyes widened as he read through it. “Are you serious?” he asked.
“Completely serious.” 
After Avid signed, the bank representative reiterated what Avid had just read in the contract. The Mitigators had decreed automatic built-in compensation for anyone who ever experienced any negative dealings with Heroes. If anyone felt abused, cheated, or unfairly treated by a Hero, that person was to report to the bank, which would check the scanner footage to verify that person’s story, and then provide compensation amounting to a twenty percent upcharge from the standard compensation for typical social mishaps and victimhood. Whenever any Hero did something to Avid, one hundred and twenty percent of the standard perk reimbursement awaited him.
“We heard about the situation with your new apartment from Maintenance, which is what prompted us to reach out to you. My sincerest condolences. You get one perk for that, plus an extra perk because the Mitigators are feeling generous today. Also, your first transaction with a Hero gets you double the perks on top of the two we just gave you. That covers the bargain you struck with Chad before you swapped apartments, so now you can go through the Wish Book and pick something nice for yourself.”
“You asshole,” Avid said to the representative.
“Sorry,” he answered smiling. “We all live for this moment. We really do. This…” He gestured around himself at the bank. “…is a career from which dreams are made.” He sighed happily over his exceptionally fortunate lot in life, and then genially poked Avid in the arm. “We like to milk it a little for our own benefit, but it’s also an education for the virgins, letting them stew in it for a little while. Never conduct any dealings with a Hero. Now you know.”
The bank would actually deduct Avid’s perks from the Hero’s bank account, the representative continued, so Chad would be punished, in a way. However, he wouldn’t realize he was being punished because he would never miss the perks. Punishment ultimately didn’t matter, though, because it never seemed to deter a Hero. The Mitigators knew this.
“Hardly any of them keep track of their account balance. They earn so many perks that they never know what they have in their accounts. They only care that they have enough to do whatever it is that they want to do.” He added that if Avid were to occasionally run into Heroes who kept jealous track of their perks, the bank would pay Avid from a slush fund rather than tip them off to the fact that their victims were receiving compensation. The bank’s reasoning was that if the Heroes discovered anything about this, they would begin to play nice or switch tactics to something that might be worse. Primarily it was more fun for everyone this way. Plus, regular people got to live the Hero Dream by being their scapegoats and victims. Everybody wins.
“So Chad isn’t broke.” Avid said that as a statement.
“Chad will never be broke. He can’t use his perks fast enough, and they just keep accumulating. He’s a very wealthy man.” 
“And they let him get away with this?” Avid was indignant.
The bank representative shrugged. “The Mitigators draw the line at murder and violence and that sort of thing. Other than that, Heroes can do whatever they want to do most of the time, and the Mitigators don’t do anything to stop them. I don’t know why, they just don’t. What they do, however, is pay the victims for their trouble, and then some. And that is the best part of my job.”
He pointed Avid to the holographic kiosk that displayed the Wish Book. The other people in the background clapped for Avid as he stood up and walked over to it.
Avid thought about it, as he flipped through the holographic images and videos of various time and places, and realized that this could work to his advantage. He would have to ponder it. He might bring the subject up with Helen and see if she had any thoughts or ideas on how he could exploit this situation.
“Which plane to Hawaii has the best First Class cabin?” Avid asked, looking up.
The bank representative consulted his Alert screen and replied, “The DC-10 in the nineteen nineties.”
“I would like to fly from here to Hawaii on a DC-10 in First Class in the nineteen nineties. I’ll let you pick a good year for me.”
“We can send you straight to the mid-Pacific control center and then put you on a travel pod Hawaii, you know. You don’t have to fly there.”
“I really want a very long flight in First Class on whatever plane has the best First Class cabin.” Avid grinned. “I really love to fly. It has to be First Class on the best plane. That’s what I want.”
The bank representative entered Avid’s preference into his Alert screen form, which then displayed it on the Wish Book so Avid could request it. 
Avid began to arrange the vacation of his dreams, beginning with that first class seat on a DC-10 in the nineteen nineties. He requested two thousand dollars in nineteen-nineties currency. The bank representative gave him five thousand dollars instead, and told him to keep going. 
When he was finished, Avid had a three-week stay in a five-star all-inclusive resort with an ocean view, unlimited helicopter rides, unlimited parasailing excursions, and three separate tour cruises throughout the islands. He turned up his nose at scuba diving and snorkeling. He didn’t know why they even offered that, or who would choose it.
When Avid asked if there were any other activities that involved flying, the bank representative mentioned sky diving. Avid signed up for two of those.
“I’ll throw in a luau.” 
“Thank you.” He had no idea how he could possibly spend five thousand dollars when everything he wanted was included. Maybe he’d hire a private plane? Make a side trip to Fiji? He would give it some thought.
Avid was giddy with excitement. He had never had enough perks for a vacation like this, and was trying to mentally slow his heart rate so he didn’t pass out.
“Might I recommend something for your next perk?”
“Sure.”
“Would you be interested in going to the Albuquerque Balloon Festival?” He sent images to Avid’s Alert screen. Avid looked them over with a slack jaw and shining eyes. His heart began racing again. He bounced in his chair. “It’s less expensive, so I can put you down for three of those.”
“Yes!” Avid “Can I ride in a balloon?”
“We’ll make the arrangements.”
For his third perk Avid vacillated between the Woodstock Festival, 1969 and The Beatles in the Cavern Club, Liverpool England, 1961. He finally opted for Woodstock because it lasted longer and had Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin, whom he had heard about from other Historians. Furthermore, it was a Love Fest and everyone in the crowd was on psychedelic drugs, so he figured his non-Caucasian appearance wouldn’t bother people much. 
“And there’s more.” The bank representative reached under his desk and retrieved several objects that Avid recognized as his own. “Dirk stole these from your apartment. Here you go.”
Avid accepted the items, which the bank representative had thoughtfully placed into a shopping bag with handles. 
“Chad also took a few of your things, but he opted out of room service, which is why we don’t have them yet. Or, you might find them there when you return. I believe he left in a hurry.”
“Thank you,” said Avid, and happily rose to leave, giving a very earnest Namaste bow.


Tuesday, March 23, 2021, Time: Evening, Bad Clothing Choices
Having eschewed the knowledge and wisdom of the Assimilation Experts regarding their clothing, Nectar and Janicyl referenced their own styles and tastes, which they had developed over a variety of centuries, and most recently on the Internet. They modified their personal styles in deference to the year twenty-twenty-one based solely on their own research on YouTube and social media, without having a clear understanding of what styles were current in any specific year, and in particular, this one. In some instances their choices were arguably almost timely, but more often they did not quite hit the mark. 
However, the most important rule of clothing is that it must make you feel good to wear it. They felt good, and they were pretty enough to read as “sexy” regardless of how they chose to style themselves. The feedback they received from men confirmed to them the astuteness of their choices. They didn’t notice or care that they received the side eye from most women.
Janicyl was dressed up for their first meeting with the subjects, sporting her Amelie, 2001 hairstyle. She had borrowed her overall look from the Britney Spears “Baby One More Time” video, 1998, with a very short pleated school uniform skirt, complementary jacket, and a tailored white shirt that she tied just below her breasts to expose her midriff. She wore fingerless black lace gloves reminiscent of Madonna, 1985, with four-inch heeled ankle boots, black tights and a black chauffeur hat tilted slightly askew. Her look inspired comparisons to High School Dominatrix Barbi.
She arrived at Chad’s apartment early, and watched him while he tried various ways of artfully wrapping long scarves around his neck in the mirror to appear dashing, wealthy, and post-collegiate. He periodically turned to her for input, to which Janicyl invariably responded with a bored look and a shrug. She finally told him to ditch the scarf altogether, and so he did. 
Somehow the act of artfully wearing a scarf had made Janicyl lose respect for him. Chad didn’t notice, and if he had he wouldn’t have cared.
Nectar was wearing a long Christian Siriano gown, suitable for evening, with large hoop earrings. She preferred a “romantic” look and had a fondness for long skirts and dresses. She owned several and wore them whenever she liked, regardless of the time of day for which they were most appropriate. This dress would again interfere with her ability to shift from gas to brake, so she would still need to hike it up to her knees while driving. That was a small price to pay for Fashion. She wore her hair swept back into a loose bun with tendrils framing her sweet and angelic face. She looked like a very expensive early twentieth century Gibson Girl or somebody’s bridesmaid. 
She reported to Dirk’s apartment, where he answered the door and slowly looked her up and down. When he leaned toward her to kiss her hello she pushed him away with an exasperated grunt and took a seat in the living room, choosing a chair that did not permit Dirk to sit next to her. She glared at him with her arms belligerently crossed over her chest. 
Dirk was unperturbed but slightly annoyed. He had thought they had a moment together in the shower the other night before Nectar had screamed at him to leave her alone with the light show. He didn’t like it when women flip-flopped like that, disrobing in his bathroom and then screaming at him to leave, especially when he had extended his hospitality in order to allow her to enjoy all these impressive amenities. She owed him. 
He made a sharp comment about her obvious frigidity in response to her belligerent arms, but it evoked no shame from Nectar, as it should have. Furthermore, she was insultingly unmoved by his virility. That cut deeply. He wished he could find an opportunity to seduce her with his astonishing Disco dance moves, and show her how misguided she was to reject him. 
Dirk’s last assignment had been in the United States in the nineteen-seventies, when many men translated “free love” to mean that inviting a woman to dinner and paying for her meal was the equivalent of paying in advance for her sexual services. The woman was expected to willingly oblige because the aforementioned Free Love entitled men to enjoy sex on demand, particularly when they had already paid for it at the restaurant. If she declined, the man’s obvious course of action was to accuse the woman of being a “prick tease,” no matter how primly she had behaved. If she continued to decline, she warranted the disgraceful label of “frigid.” If she refused to even defend herself from the accusation of frigidity by taking off her clothes to prove otherwise, it was a man’s personal responsibility to demonstrate his affront at her insulting behavior and, sometimes, to simply rape her in order to extract compensation for his generosity. Dirk had come to embrace these principles himself, except that he had to personally draw the line at rape because the Mitigators required him to obtain advance approval for any sexual activity. That was a shame.
Dirk felt a deep yearning for that assignment. Had he any normal emotions he might have felt sentimentality and homesickness.
Dirk had assimilated a little too deeply into that era, and had spent ten years reinforcing thoughts and behaviors that his schooling and training had specifically tried to curtail. Heroes were given leeway for behavior that was typical for the era they were assigned, but it had apparently gone undetected at the time that he had become noticeably entrenched in the culture, and that his character role was no longer an act. His thoughts and ideas did not revert back to the thoughts and ideas he had been trained for, as they should have, after he was reassigned to another decade. 
Dirk and the other Historians, including the Heroes, had not been raised and conditioned by their Educations to treat women in this manner. Disrespect or abuse toward people because of their gender, or anything else they could not help, was a punishable offense. Punishable gender-related offenses were not just limited to rape. Everything related to touching another human required consent. Verbal abuse and verbal disrespect were also punishable. Somehow this slipped Dirk’s mind.
So Dirk knew better, but systemic misogyny and sexual predation were deeply-engrained in the culture of United States, 1970s, and were particularly prevalent in the drug-fueled urban club and disco scene Dirk loved so much. His emulation of that behavior was not really punishable in large city nightclubs of that era, provided Dirk obtained advance clearance of his local sexual partners from the Mitigators, and obtained actual verbal advance consent from those partners to avoid causing them trauma and triggering an Anomaly. He had actually done this. 
He had only left that era behind a few weeks earlier after spending the entire decade following a bevy of serial killers who included John Wayne Gacy, Ted Bundy and Son of Sam, to name a few. He considered that time and place to be “home” and was not adjusting well to leaving it all behind. (“It was the golden age of serial killers,” he liked to say. “I almost got there in time for Charles Manson too, but alas.”) Dirk was still mentally and philosophically sipping Harvey Wallbangers while emitting seductive whiffs of English Leather cologne. In his memories he was still carefully trimming and waxing his thick handlebar mustache, which the Assimilation Experts had shaved from his face only moments after he walked through their door. Unwillingly refashioned for the twenty-first century, he ran his fingers over his upper lip where the moustache once was, like an amputee reaching for his phantom limb. He kept his skintight polyester bell bottom slacks, his fitted, shiny, wide-collared polyester shirts, his eight-track and cassette music tapes and players, and his heavy gold chains in the box where he kept his most valuable keepsakes. He already missed the obliging “anything goes” ambience of Studio 54 and other nightclubs where he had learned to be an exceptional Disco dancer, to the overwhelming delight of every woman who was privileged to watch him. 
He remained living in that era in his mind, and was already planning to travel back there for his next vacation adventure by having the bank arrange for him to be an extra in Saturday Night Fever, the most iconic film of all time in his opinion, with John Travolta being history’s most iconic dancer. He first had to regrow his hair and moustache for that adventure when this assignment was over, but in the meantime there was Nectar.
Dirk’s abrupt appearance in the living room wearing just a towel the other night had not been because he was clean from showering. At the Battle of Shiloh there was an enormous number of flies in the battlefield and in the tents. In that time and place Nectar had learned the skill of killing flies on hard surfaces by swatting them with a wet rag, and had done this to Dirk’s genitals with a dripping washcloth. The trick, she explained to Janicyl during the Civil War, was to hold the rag diagonally with both hands from two opposing corners and stretch it taut. Lift your hands over your head like this, she demonstrated, reach backward a bit, then let go with your left hand and snap down hard with your right. It was amazing how accurately it hit the target, and how effectively it made flies flop dead on their backs. Janicyl had thanked her for the tip.
Dirk’s whoops had not been from pleasure, and so he had left.
Nectar would not let down her guard henceforth, but she felt no need to report him because she knew the Mitigator team was closely monitoring their movements for this assignment. She also knew that they did not tolerate sexual harassment, and felt supported. Her restraint was rewarded in less than ten minutes when Dirk cornered her in the hallway as she was returning from the bathroom. He leaned over for a kiss, and then stepped away with a surprised and pained expression on his face. 
The Mitigators had programmed his Alert Screen implant to inflict him with a burst of electric current whenever his thoughts turned to predatory behavior toward women. This approach was like a dog’s shock collar, except for men. It eventually trained men to behave properly, and the tactic was particularly useful with cocky teenagers. In the beginning the current was mild and located in the vicinity of the wrist, where the implant was. The level of the current increased with each violation. Failure to heed the warnings of the shock could result in a higher voltage in a more sensitive area. The Mitigators were confident from past experience that it would not escalate that far, but they were ready.
Dirk walked away from Nectar confused over what had just happened to him, but he would try again later, and would try again after that with the same result. He would make the same attempts with other women, and would suffer the same effects. By the end of the week he would cease trying with anyone, to everyone’s relief.
Their departure time was pre-arranged, so the ladies took the wheels of their respective vehicles, requested the location of parking for the sports bar from their GPS apps, and then turned on their engines. Dirk made himself comfortable in the back seat of his Range Rover. Chad found the back seat in his Tesla Roadster to be insufficient for his height, so he climbed up front beside Janicyl, pleased that her jaunty chauffeur cap clarified their relationship to anyone watching. He liked having a driver.
The sports bar where the subjects were to arrive was only open at fifty percent capacity, due to the pandemic. James and Max would be arriving this evening at 2118 hours, so the Heroes had planned to get there earlier to ensure they got into the bar before it hit capacity. They had made this plan prior to the addition of two drivers, so Janicyl’s concern was that the four of them might have locked out the subjects by filling too many available slots at the bar, thereby causing an Anomaly. Everyone on the team was now very averse to Anomalies.
Chad requested a scanner report, which indicated that there would be room for James and Max until 2211 hours, so they relaxed and settled in to observe the crowd. Had there been a problem with capacity they would have had to eject two or more people from the club by spiking their drinks to make them sick for an hour or so. Then those unfortunate people could return later when the nausea and vomiting subsided, provided there was room for them then. The Heroes had nausea drops handy, as always, but that effort proved not to be necessary.
The Assimilation Experts had advised the team against wearing masks to the assignment because of the political leanings of the subjects. Those political leanings apparently made James and Max believe that the pandemic was a hoax perpetrated by the opposing political party, so masks would immediately trigger their distrust. They noticed that only a few people in the bar were wearing them, and these were employees. 
Historians in general were never permitted to drink or take any substance that might impair their judgment while they were on assignment. Heroes were especially forbidden to imbibe because they usually had to interact with the locals in general, and their subjects in particular, and because that interaction always required quick thinking and sometimes challenging improvisation or fast, reflexive action. Consequently, the men ordered non-alcoholic beers in glasses, and the ladies ordered virgin cocktails.
Chad and Dirk soon noticed the dartboard and abandoned the ladies at the table for a loud and lively game of darts with two other patrons. 
The ladies reminisced about the Battle of Shiloh for a minute or two while they awaited the arrival of the subjects. Then they planned their spa day. At that point the two women ran out of things to discuss with each other, so they sighed, rested their elbows on the table and leaned their chins on their fists. Nectar then silently looked around the bar with a bored and empty expression, and eventually buried herself in her phone. Janicyl perused the men in the vicinity and locked eyes with the ones she found attractive. 
Several of Janicyl’s men approached the ladies to buy them drinks and socialize, but Nectar’s steady, deadly look gave them pause. When she snapped at them in sharply-worded Hinduese, they quickly edged away, 
“Stop it,” Nectar hissed at Janicyl. “We’re working.” 
A disappointed Janicyl pushed out her lower lip and slouched.
At 2118 hours the two subjects walked into the bar. All of the Heroes had been checking their phones for the time, so they had all become alert and were all watching the door when James and Max walked in. 
The ladies turned away and resumed chatting to each other, watching from the corners of their eyes. The men continued the dart game to its conclusion, and then begged off another game. They wandered to the bar and casually stood near Max and James, who were ordering their first drinks. 
Chad made the first move.
“Max? Max Richmond? How are you?” He leaned over with his hand outstretched, and Max took it, confused. “I can’t believe I’m running into you after all this time. It’s been years since college.”
The mention of college gave Max a steadier footing in this exchange. He smiled genially and said, “I’m sorry…?”
“Chad Ford! From the fraternity!” His Alert screen displayed personal information and video snippets that he could describe to Max. “I can’t believe I’m running into someone who was at that Halloween party during sophomore year because I was just telling a friend of mine about it. What a weird coincidence, isn’t it? What was that girl’s name? The one who fell into the punch bowl? Do you remember that party? You came dressed in a toga? Oh my god. And Cal Preston was dressed as an ape. Passed out under the stairs. What a dick. Do you remember him? Majored in synchronized baton twirling or some shit. Total loser.” He paused and grimaced. “I’m sorry. I hope he isn’t a friend of yours…?”
Completely charmed because Chad was so charming, Max laughed and punched Chad in the shoulder. “I haven’t thought of Cal in years. What happened to him, I wonder?” 
“I shall find out,” Chad said, pulling out his phone. “Cal Preston,” he said to Siri with an impish glance at Max.
Siri displayed a list of links.
“Wall Street. That asshole. Would you have guessed that?” Chad said. “He’s making a fortune apparently.”
Max laughed. “His father has an investment firm. Cal could have majored in anything and eventually gotten rich. In fact, I’m pretty certain that he flunked out in Junior year and never graduated.”
Chad laughed appreciatively.
He leaned over and paid for the subjects’ drinks. They thanked him. “I didn’t introduce Dirk,” he said apologetically. “Dirk, this is Max Richmond, an old friend of mine from college. Max, this is Dirk Van de Kamp. Our parents are friends and we grew up together.”
“Van de Camp. Fish sticks? Is that your family?”
Dirk’s blank expression prompted an Alert screen image of a package of frozen fish sticks. “Hell no,” he said to Max. “I get that all the time. I’m thinking of changing my name.” He laughed. “Have you ever tasted a frozen fish stick in real life? It sure ain’t sushi, am I right?” 
Max threw his head back and laughed. “Never,” he said. “I’m allergic to seafood.” 
The two of them bonded over fish sticks, while James held out his hand to Chad. “James Stoughton.”
“Happy to meet you! I’m Chad Ford.”
“Ford, as in cars? Any relation?”
Chad pretended to be embarrassed, and admitted that yes, he was a member of the Ford Motor dynasty.
“Here’s something for you,” he said to James conspiratorially. “I never learned to drive.”
Max heard the admission and he and James both laughed. It was so… vieux riche (old money)…to not know how to drive when your fortune was built on the automotive industry.
“Janicyl is my driver.” 
He pointed to Janicyl, still sitting at the table in her jaunty chauffer hat. He waved to her. She adjusted her piercing green eyes to full effect and gazed at Max and James, alluringly seductive, but a little bit scary. She gave a small wave in return.
Dirk somewhat redundantly and unnecessarily also waved to the ladies, who curled their lips in response. He then invited James and Max to join them. The four men moved toward the table. Chad pulled up two extra stools for the subjects.
“Our drivers don’t speak English. They’re both from Kazakhstan.” Chad had recently watched “Borat Subsequent Moviefilm” on Amazon Prime Videos, where he’d learned about the supposedly muddy, impoverished and backward country of Kazakhstan. “My father has a manufacturing plant there – cheap labor – so Dirk and I went there for a few years as interns. We even learned the language. Then the ladies asked if we could sponsor them for American citizenship. So we said yes. They needed jobs, so we hired them.” He shrugged. “So, now here we all are.”
“This is my driver, Nectar,” Dirk said offhandedly. He could see the two men were greatly impressed by their drivers. “Check out her tits. Nice, aren’t they? That’s why I picked this one for the job.” He laughed, not noticing Janicyl’s steely stare at being dismissed as the less attractive of the two women. “I can say that because she doesn’t understand a word of English.” 
The men all laughed and laughed.
Dirk sent an appreciative look toward Nectar, who glanced back coolly and levelly. Then she looked adoringly at Max. 
“Did you go to school with these two?” Dirk asked James, laughing, gesturing toward Max and Chad. “What a shit show that must have been, am I right? I’ve heard all the stories.”
“No, I went to Princeton. But yeah, I would agree to that, from the stories I’ve heard. I actually was in the ROTC program so I never joined a fraternity.”
“Yale, here,” Dirk answered. “We had our own shit show there.” He laughed. 
“Do you remember that girl’s name?” Chad resumed that thread of conversation with Max. “I’ve been trying to think of it for days now.”
“Jessica! Did you know Jessica?” Max was warming to the conversation. He remembered the party. He remembered the girl who lost her balance and fell backward into the punch bowl. He remembered his toga costume. (He didn’t have a lot of imagination; he’d stolen the idea from the movie Animal House.) He didn’t remember Chad at all, but why would he? He really only noticed the women when he was in college, and furthermore he was usually drunk or high. He suspected nothing.
“I thought she was hot, but no. I didn’t know her. I wanted to, though.” 
Chad turned to James with intense interest. “ROTC, eh? Do they teach you anything about guns?”
James nodded. 
“Very cool.”
“Why do you ask?” James was testing Chad.
“I collect them. I just wondered if you did too.”
James nodded, then began to describe his gun collection in detail. Chad responded by reciting a list of various guns and their meaningful attributes one by one as they displayed on his Alert screen. His enthusiasm for that lengthy list was infectious and convincing. The two men bonded as compatriots in that moment, or so it seemed to James.
“I’d like a gun,” Dirk said thoughtfully in a voice that sounded a little drunk. He ran his finger around the rim of his non-alcoholic beer and pretended to suppress a belch. “I could use a gun, I think,” he said. “I think I might buy one. Maybe I’ll buy a few. I think we’ll all need guns with the new administration taking over and destroying America.”
Chad gave Dirk a sharp look and made a point of kicking his leg in an obvious way so that James and Max could see him do it. He wanted the subjects to think that Chad and Dirk were hiding terrorist secrets and intentions like Max and James were.
“Sorry,” Dirk said. “Let’s not get political tonight.” He slapped his thighs and stood up. “I’m just going to get another beer. Does anyone want anything?” He repeated the question in Hinduese for the ladies.
Nectar looked at Dirk with surprised gratitude at the offer and replied, “Nice tits? Go fuck yourself sideways, you fucked up asshole.” She smiled, wrinkling her nose, and nodded.
Dirk smiled back at her. “Got it,” he said in English. “Calm down,” he said to her in Hinduese, looking offended. “I’m an actor playing a role. My character is from this time and place. This is exactly how the men view the women here. It is therefore completely appropriate for men to say things like that about women behind their backs.” 
“Play a different character,” she replied, smiling. “Or I will destroy your life. Do you understand me?”
Dirk nodded and said in English, “This little lady wants an umbrella in her drink. I have no idea if they serve umbrella drinks here. We shall see.” He went straight to the bar without looking back at Nectar.
Nectar was not impressed by Dirk’s show of wounded affront. She was also disappointed in the Mitigators, who apparently did not believe that Dirk’s insults were worthy of a painful shock because Dirk was not wincing in pain right now. So, Dirk was right, and this kind of behavior was typical of some of the men in this time and place. The two subjects were clearly of that type because Dirk’s crude comments had landed with them just the way they were supposed to.
Revenge must be hers alone. 
It would require some thought and planning.
Janicyl was waiting impatiently for all the attention to shift to her. When it appeared that it would not shift without her intervention, she turned to James, who was sitting next to her, and smiled, then lowered her eyes shyly. It was interesting that she was able to emulate “shy”. One would never have guessed.
James perked up and moved an inch or so closer to Janicyl, shifting on his stool to somewhat face her. She smiled at him and James smiled at her. He was at a loss as to how to communicate with her, so he decided he would keep plying her with drinks until she was either compliant or unconscious. 
Dirk returned and placed the two faux cocktails in front of the ladies. “No umbrellas, I’m afraid,” he sighed regretfully. Then, to Max and James he added, “They both get virgin cocktails this evening because they have to drive.”
James looked crestfallen as Dirk returned to the bar to collect the rest of the drinks, including seconds for Max and James. It was fortunate that the subjects were not drinking beer, so there was no risk of accidentally switching non-alcoholic beers for the real deal. Everything about this evening was moving smoothly.
“Maybe after this we can go to my place and get the ladies liquored up for you.” Dirk emitted a short but virile and manly “ha-ha-ha” laugh. 
Janicyl sent him a telepathic: Fuck you, you fucking pimp. Are you trying to get us raped?
Nectar’s telepathic message followed: I warned you, you asshole. I’m coming for you. 
Dirk laughed. “I’m only kidding about liquoring them up. They’re actually saving themselves for marriage, so liquor wouldn’t do anyone any good, unfortunately.” 
“But one can always try,” James said, raising his glass with a wink. Again, the men all laughed and laughed, while the ladies exchanged furtive death glances before looking down.
James tried to process whatever it was that Dirk had just said about the ladies and liquor and saving themselves for marriage, and was trying to guess whether or not he stood a chance with either of them this evening. Which of Dirk’s statements was the actual joke? He did not know, but he was interested in finding out because fifty percent of Dirk’s statements leaned favorably in his direction. Those were decent odds for a Tuesday night.
“So, what do you think? They can leave both cars in my garage and take a cab home, so they won’t have to worry about driving. Ergo, they can drink.” 
Chad and Dirk both looked encouragingly at James, who pretended to be hesitant. He finally sighed and acquiesced just exactly as if he hadn’t hoped that either Chad or Dirk would make that kind of an offer. The ladies sipped through their straws still looking down.
“I’m in,” he said to Max. “How about you?”
Max appeared to be thinking it over, and seemed to be inclined to take a pass. All of the Heroes heard him leaning toward bed and masturbation.
Nectar fixed her eyes on Max and gave him a tentative smile. She turned to Dirk and instructed him to tell Max that she wanted to know if he was married.
“Nectar would like to know if you’re married,” he said to Max. 
“No,” Max replied, flattered. “I happen to be very single at the moment.” He returned Nectar’s smile. Then he turned to Chad and Dirk. “I’m in too,” he said. “Do you live far?”
As it happened, they did not.
The subjects had taken an Uber to the bar, so Dirk offered them a ride in his Range Rover. Max and James followed the group to the parking lot, where they both showed a high level of appreciation for the Tesla. Chad agreed to let James ride with Janicyl so he could experience both the car and its driver. James was visibly excited as he climbed into the vehicle, and he slapped the dashboard happily before settling back into his seat.
Max pointed to the Confederate flag on the Range Rover and gave Dirk a thumbs-up. Dirk smiled, and let Max sit in front beside Nectar. 
After they all arrived, Max and James made themselves suitably comfortable in Dirk’s luxurious condo, and were enjoying the carefully composed and masterfully-directed ambience. A fire was crackling in the huge carved marble fireplace. The music was soft and soothing. The lighting was warm and low. The ladies were beautiful and spoke no words. The unwitting subjects were happy and completely taken in by the illusion.
Dirk served $300-a-bottle wine to James and Max, which he prominently displayed in a sterling silver ice bucket on the coffee table with several other bottles of wine. Then he offered the Heroes a non-alcoholic version from one of two differently-labeled bottles that he had whipped up in the kitchen with the quick drink dispenser.
At some point Dirk resumed his discussion about needing guns because the opposing political party was destroying America, and Chad let him explore the topic without giving him a leg kick. James and Max were both receptive to Dirk’s message, and eventually offered some restrained insights of their own.
Dirk confessed that he was tired of the police being scapegoated by the Black citizens who were dying at their hands, and wished there was something he could do to fight back in order to save America.
Max and James exchanged glances, but remained silent.
One more bottle should do it, Chad said to Dirk telepathically, and reached for the corkscrew. 
Eventually the word “lynching” came up in conversation in connection with someone’s bitter joke about race relations and the state of America. Once they’d crossed that line it was not difficult to get the now very drunk Max and James to confess to their plans, and it was not difficult to get them to agree to include Dirk and Chad in them. 
Janicyl rewarded James by sitting next to him and edging closer to him on the couch. When James moved his arm behind her on the back of the couch, she leaned into it and sighed. James was very pleased with his new friends, overall.
The gentlemen all exchanged contact information and agreed to meet again at Dirk’s condo in a few days to discuss the logistics of brutally killing multiple people. 
The Heroes’ effort was moving forward splendidly. 
Having settled all that, Chad sorrowfully confessed that he had to get back home because he was still hungover from the previous night, which was completely true, and because the additional drinks he had consumed tonight had exhausted him. Dirk stood up to walk him to the door, and Janicyl slid off the couch and away from James. Nectar yawned and reached for her three thousand dollar handbag, then stood. 
Max and James understood the signals that the party was over. 
Nectar pulled out her smart phone to arrange a ride with Uber. She and everyone but Dirk would ride together. The Tesla could wait until tomorrow, Chad said, because Janicyl had had too much to drink.
All told, it was a productive evening, except from the perspective of Max and James, who both went home alone.


Tuesday March 23, 2021, Time: 1848, Ebay Auction
Nelda answered the door and gave Avid a quick hug. Then she returned to the kitchen.
“What’s for dinner?” Avid called after her.
“You’re going to France!” she called back. She grabbed a bottle of chilled French wine and poured it into some glasses. Then she quickly ran over to Avid with his glass.
“I love you so much,” Avid told Nelda when she handed him his wine. She kissed his cheek and laughed. Then she went back to preparing the appetizers.
“Where’s Helen?”
“She’s on Ebay trying to win an auction. It’s over in a few minutes. She likes to swoop in at the last minute and conquer. She’ll be out soon,” Nelda assured him. “Watch TV while you wait, if you want.”
Avid tuned into the last few minutes of the Nightly News and watched ancient history unfold. He still sometimes felt disoriented when he tuned into local broadcasts, but found it fascinating.
Helen whooped and screamed from her office. “I won!” she screamed. “I won!” She came running out to hug Nelda first, and then Avid.
“What did you win?” Avid asked.
“Art deco jewelry,” Helen answered, elated. “Diamonds and aquamarine. White gold. An entire set with necklace, earrings and bracelet. I’m swooning! Oh. My. God!” She sat down next to Avid and gave him a hug. “I won. I won. I won.” She clapped her hands and reached for the glass of wine that Nelda had left her on the coffee table.
She turned to Avid. “So how was your day? Did you move into your new apartment?”
Avid had almost begged off from tonight’s meeting with Helen after seeing what he had to contend with at home. Then he decided to come after all because he couldn’t stand to be there. He told her the apartment needed straightening up. He didn’t tell her all the background information about the agreement, about the apartment trade, about the perks, about Chad, about Dirk, about anything, really.
He couldn’t tell her now, with Nelda so close by, so he told her he would get her up to speed when they were doing dishes. Instead, Avid said, he would like to see the jewelry she had just purchased.
Helen pulled out her phone and swiped to her recent auction win. She handed her phone to Avid, who issued all the appropriate compliments, but who also had his Alert screen capture a quick image of the jewelry and the listing. He stored it in his personal file, and handed back her phone.
French accordion music began playing over the sound system when Nelda left the kitchen with the first course. The music continued throughout the meal, while Helen and Avid shifted into the same banter and laughter they had begun on the first day they met, only now it was peppered with private jokes. 
During their now-nightly kitchen cleanup, Avid told Helen about his day. He described the Heroes, who they were and what they did, described the frustration everyone had in dealing with them, described his experiences with Chad and Dirk, described the apartments swap and the trashed apartment, described the fake Amendment to the contract, and described the remarkable perks he had earned for suffering at their hands.
“So I’m waiting for Maintenance to prepare a temporary apartment until they can hose down and fumigate the one I’m supposed to live in now.”
“Stay here. Move in until they straighten everything out. It’s no problem, and I have plenty of room.” Helen tugged his sleeve and led him up the stairs to a guest room that was remarkably cozy and beautiful. “Do you like it?” she asked.
Avid loved it.
“Stay as long as you need to. Stay tonight.”
Avid nearly wept with gratitude over the fact that he would not have to go back to the control station. He hugged her. 
Helen was fascinated with the Heroes and wanted to learn more. Avid shared stories he had heard over the years, and Helen responded to them with spin thoughts that he could not telepathically catch. 
“So apparently the Mitigators know they’re assholes because they automatically approve a hundred-and-twenty-percent perk compensation for anything a Hero does to anyone. And they apparently don’t monitor the bank when it reimburses you because the guy was hurling perks at me that went way beyond that hundred-and-twenty-percent. Double or triple. That’s why I got so many great perks. They were not stingy. But the Mitigators never punish them. That’s what kills me. They let them steamroll over everyone. They even make you sign a non-disclosure because they don’t want the Heroes to find out they aren’t getting away with it.” He added, “I wish you could meet them. They’re kind of strange. This one Hero, Dirk, doesn’t even blink. It’s creepy.”
Avid caught Helen thinking the word “psychopaths” at a moment when her mental whirling slowed. For whatever reason, that made him feel confused and defensive because Chad and Dirk weren’t raging criminals, and they weren’t the despotic autocrats he’d learned about in History class. In his time they most associated the word “psychopaths” with various world leaders who hadn’t led properly throughout history. 
The Heroes were simply raging assholes.
“They are not psychopaths, Helen. That’s crazy.” 
“It is. I know that. I can’t diagnose them without meeting them, and they have to go through a series of tests,” she said. They’re totally psychopaths, she thought.
“Oh come on. Are you serious?”
Avid’s Alert screen flashed, and a non-disclosure agreement displayed. Avid read through it with his mouth open.
“Holy shit, Helen.” Helen’s favorite expletive had rubbed off on him. “You’re right! The Mitigators just asked me to sign a contract stating I can never tell anyone that the Heroes are all psychopaths.”
Helen clapped her hands and burst out laughing. “It’s so perfect,” she said. “It’s pretty brilliant, actually. Kudos to the Mitigators once again.”
Helen explained to Avid why it made perfect sense to give the most harrowing jobs to psychopaths. It also made perfect sense to give them free rein within limits because it boosted their egos, which needed to be continually stroked. 
“They’re probably considerably worse than they would be if they were scattered throughout society and had to maintain a certain level of normal behavior as a front for the neurotypicals. Lumping them all together to reinforce each others’…proclivities…and then giving them sketchy boundaries has to make them insufferable. But they do have limits, I would guess,” she said. “Am I right?”
Avid thought of the various laws in place, and realized the Heroes did have limits. Then he thought back to his school years and slumped in defeat.
“They’ve been tormenting me since school. Not lately as much because we don’t work on the same assignments, but I still have the many, many scars.”
“I’ll bet you do,” Helen said fondly.
Avid looked at her. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You’re an empath.”
“How do you know that? I never told you.” He realized the question was dumb as soon as it left his mouth.
Helen gave him a look and rolled her eyes. “It’s my job to spot you guys.”
“So?”
“Psychopaths can smell the blood of empaths, like sharks. Once they identify you as an empath, they suck you dry. It’s nothing personal. It’s just their nature. You know, like the sharks. You can’t blame them really. They’re just being who they are, looking for easy prey. Which you are.”
“Great. I feel better now.”
“But consider that the Mitigators made it right with you, did they not?”
Avid nodded. 
“And Heroes take on assignments you could never do yourself, am I right?”
“True.”
“And why couldn’t you do those assignments?”
“I’d probably have a breakdown. Or I’d get into my own head and fail in a crisis.”
“Exactly. The Heroes are keeping you from having a mental breakdown because they do all the worst jobs. And think about it. Those jobs don’t impact them at all, do they? Isn’t that what you said? They show up after some unthinkable, terrible tragedy as if they just got back from a day at the beach. That’s because psychopaths can experience the fight or flight response, but they have no emotional reaction to a crisis. The Mitigators assign them the jobs that would give anyone else PTSD. It’s perfect.” 
She thought some more. “The Heroes are just having a little fun with you. It’s actually pretty benign, when you consider that you come out on top with the perks, afterward. I’d milk it, if I were you.”
“What does that mean?” 
“Encourage them to screw you over. Don’t get angry. Pretend you believe them when they say they’re sorry, or that the situation was out of their control. If you do that, they’ll think you’re a sucker and mess with you even more. The more they mess with you, the more perks you earn.”
Avid thought for a minute. “I could get rich off of them.” He’d planned on asking Helen for her advice, and now that she had offered it, he liked it.
“And furthermore, it should lower your blood pressure to recognize that they can’t help being what they are, and that it isn’t personal, like I said before. Let them play right into your hand, and don’t get upset about any of it. The Mitigators always have your back and everyone else’s, from what I’ve seen, so you have nothing to lose.”
Avid’s Alert screen flashed again. The Mitigator-on-duty had sent him a thumbs-up emoji, Avid told Helen. 
Helen shouted, “Love you, Mitigators!”
The Alert screen responded with a big red heart.


Wednesday, March 24, 2021, Time: 1001, No Meeting with Heroes
Avid was expecting to meet with Chad and Dirk sometime today, but had just received an Alert that said the two Heroes had successfully settled everything with the subjects, and that everything was going exactly according to plan. There was no reason to meet for now. They would schedule something with Avid if the situation changed, or if they needed his help as backup.
That was fine with Avid. He still needed time to recover from the apartment exchange, and didn’t want to see Chad right now. Or ever.
He was also moving into Helen’s house today, so a meeting would be inconvenient. The assignment was all working out from his perspective as well.


Wednesday, March 24, 2021, Time: 1854 Avid Moves to Helen’s
Avid appeared at Helen’s door with cardboard boxes of his clothing and possessions. He didn’t bring much because he didn’t really intend to stay long. Furthermore, he would be traveling back and forth to the control station, and would have ample opportunity to grab things that he needed whenever that need arose.
Nelda answered the door, with Helen standing behind her. Helen was on her way out to meet with her grief support group, so she gave Avid a quick hug and dashed away. Nelda led Avid up the stairs to the guest room, carrying his suitcase while Avid carried two boxes.
“You aren’t cooking tonight, are you? Aren’t you off tonight?”
“I cooked her an early dinner and was just about to eat myself and clean up. I saved you some,” she said, and walked downstairs to the kitchen. Avid followed her.
Nelda scooped some chili into a bowl, then pointed Avid to an array of things to dollop on top of it: sour cream, chopped green onions, grated cheese, jalapeno slices. She pried a wedge of cornbread from a cast iron skillet, put it on a plate and offered Avid the choice of butter, regular honey, and honey infused with jalapenos. She then placed a tossed salad on the plate and handed him a bottle of Ranch dressing.
Nelda prepared a bowl and a plate for herself, and placed them on the table across from Avid. “You don’t mind if I join you, do you? Mary’s working tonight and I have nothing to go home to. I never look forward to Wednesday.” She shrugged. “Loneliest night of the week for me.”
Avid was thoroughly pleased, and grinned welcomingly with a full mouth, nodding his head. He watched her pour the ranch dressing on her salad, not knowing what it was for until then, and then followed suit. The jalapenos kicked in. His eyes widened and he looked helpless.
“Too hot?” Nelda asked. “Grab a spoonful of that sour cream to tone it down.”
Avid obeyed, then gulped from his glass of water.
“I’ve never had these before.” He was mentally adjusting his pain receptors to dull them so he could enjoy the meal. Then he decided to halt the dulling process before it was complete so he could have the full experience of chili with jalapenos. He actually enjoyed that little kick, he discovered, once it was more manageable. Eventually he would learn to love jalapenos full force.
“I wondered if you were like my brother when you threw that many onto your chili,” she answered, smiling. “I have a brother who can eat jalapenos raw by the fistful, but you have to work up to it. You also have to be a little bit nuts to eat jalapenos raw by the fistful. He is.”
“It’s really good,” Avid said, nodding enthusiastically. It was. He was now completely focused on the cornbread, which he found to be divine. He reached for another wedge of it from the plate of cornbread Nelda had placed on the table, and smeared it with butter and honey. “This is incredible,” he breathed between bites. 
“If you’re hungry later, grab it from the fridge and put it in the microwave for thirty seconds. Or have it for breakfast,” Nelda said. “I’ll leave the honey out for you until you find your way around the kitchen.”
“Thanks.”
“No, thank you.” Nelda looked serious. “I’ve been wanting to thank you for a while.”
“Why?”
“Helen. This is the first time since her husband and son died that she’s been herself again. She said you were some kind of freaky New Age therapist and that whatever it is that you did, it worked.”
“It was nothing.”
“It was everything, and I am really grateful to you for it.” Nelda teared up. “I love Helen like my own mother. I love her more than my own mother. My mother is a bitch who disowned me when I came out.” She caught her breath in a sob and tried to wave the tears away with her hand. “Helen saved my life. Literally. I was planning to deliberately overdose.”
Avid did not know this, or anything else about the relationship between Nelda and Helen. What he had primarily gotten from Nelda had been her choice of ingredients as she prepared the food, the steps to prepare it, and the time each item took to cook. When she was finished her thoughts moved to going home to Mary. Now that he was probing her, he felt waves of pain and gratitude, and saw more evidence that Helen was on this earth be a Helper.
Nelda told the story of how she was imprisoned for selling methamphetamine, and had lost most of her teeth from using it so she now had to wear dentures. She was part of a group therapy session that Helen was conducting in the prison. Helen looked past everything and saw Nelda behind the tattoos and the teeth and the fearful, hurt anger. She was gentle and kind, and when Nelda was paroled Helen offered her a job as her personal chef based solely on Nelda’s word that she had gone through culinary school and had worked in restaurants before getting strung out on drugs. She hired Nelda without ever tasting her food. 
At first Nelda had cooked for the family. It was tough because she was earnestly trying to stay clean, and Helen’s son was a drug user who would sometimes try to share drugs with Nelda when he visited. He was in and out of rehab, Nelda said. Clean for a month, and then using again. Nelda tried to avoid him whenever he was around, but he saw in her a kindred spirit and followed her, trying to nudge her into furtively using with him out in the backyard. It scared her that one day she might accept something from him in a weak moment, and be back on the streets, or dead. 
“But, thank God, I never did. Never. It would have been a betrayal after everything Helen did for me.”
Avid was now getting more seriously pulled into this time and place. He was now emotionally connected to two people. He stopped himself from giving Nelda a heart hug after seeing how it had affected Helen, because he didn’t want to have to explain what it was to her, which would mean explaining who he really was. He just listened.
“You can’t fix someone else’s addictions,” Nelda said. “Helen felt like she should have been able to do that for her son because, honestly, she had kind of done that for me by giving me something to live for – that’s all I personally needed – but beyond that you just can’t. He had to do it himself. Finally he just gave up and deliberately overdosed to end it all. He left a note telling Helen and Barry not to blame themselves, but they did. Then Barry died, and Helen became this half-dead creature. It broke my heart. I could never, ever leave her, not even for twice the money, because I have to always be here to make sure she’s okay. Then you showed up with your New Age therapy and you hung out with her, and it’s like a light switched on. I have my Helen back.” Nelda burst into embarrassed tears. 
Avid got up and hugged her from behind, the way he had with Helen once. He rocked her while she sobbed. Avid did not have permission to interfere with Nelda – even hugging her was a risk at an Anomaly – but the Mitigators weren’t interrupting to stop him. Apparently nothing about this evening would change the continuum.
“We’ll take care of her together,” Avid said. “We’ll be a team.” Avid could literally check in on both of them for the entire rest of his life and theirs, going back in time to do it, helping Nelda and Mary for as long as he needed to. He had the sudden realization that these women were now his family.
Nelda wiped her eyes and Avid stepped away, then sat down in his chair again, reaching for another wedge of cornbread and honey.
“We’ve already gotten everything in place through Helen’s lawyer,” Nelda continued. “Whenever the time comes, Mary and I are going to move in and be her caretakers. Helen will never, ever go to a nursing home as long as we’re alive to take care of her. She chose someone to oversee the whole arrangement – I don’t know law, so I don’t know exactly what the agreement is – but if anything happens to Mary and me, there are people who will step in, so everything will be okay no matter what happens.”
Avid nodded. Everything Nelda told him checked out with what he was seeing in her thoughts when he probed her. He could tell from something in the back of her mind that she was Helen’s sole heir, but Nelda didn’t think about that as having any significance. If Helen wanted to leave her anything, it gave Nelda something to remember Helen by, and that was all that mattered to her. Nelda was a Helper too.
If Avid had to be stuck in this time and place, these were the two people he was happy to be stuck with. It almost made sense for him to be here. He was almost grateful to be here just to know these two incredible women.


Friday, March 26, 2021, Time: 2154, The Solution to Abortion
Avid and Helen were sitting on her couch with glasses of wine, watching Rachel Maddow on MSNBC. When the show was over, Helen turned to Avid and said, “You never have any opinions on what’s going on here.”
Avid shrugged. He had figured it was best to keep his thoughts to himself because he was pretty certain his opinions wouldn’t sit well.
Helen poked him in the arm. “Come on. You have to have an opinion about something. Tell me.”
Avid turned to her and gave another shrug, then shook his head.
“What we just watched. Say something about what we just watched. Abortion, for instance. You saw the story.” She leaned over and grabbed his arm, then shook it with mock aggressiveness. “Say something about abortion. What do they do about abortion in your time?” 
Avid attempted to appear noncommittal about the story they had just seen where the U.S. Supreme Court seemed primed to make abortion illegal. 
“We don’t need abortion all that much in my time. It’s legal, but it isn’t an issue. Most of the women who have abortions are carrying non-viable infants or their lives are at risk. Aside from that, most babies are wanted.” 
Helen cocked her head. Apparently we finally figure out the solution to abortion, she thought. Fabulous!
“How did you do it?”
Avid turned to her with a curled lip and sighed. This time and place was so exasperating. They seemed on the surface to have some level of intelligence…and then they absolutely did not. They couldn’t see the obvious. 
He had been here too long, since last year, and couldn’t let just let go of this society’s foibles and shortcomings the way he usually could when he went to a place and time for an assignment, and then left without staying long or forming ties. He needed to schedule an appointment with a therapist. He needed to extend his morning meditations by another hour, and he needed to do his breathing exercises twice a day, instead of once. Otherwise he would be consumed by anger and affront. It was beginning to percolate, and that was unacceptable because anger and affront would not save Joseph D’Andre McKenna.
“You people all like to wear your right shoe on the left foot,” he finally said, peevishly accusing.
Helen her threw back head and laughed. “How so?” But her interest was piqued. She shook Avid’s arm again because he had turned back to the TV, looking taciturn. “What do you mean?”
He turned to her.
“You punish women for something they didn’t do and you give the actual criminals a pass.”
“Criminals?”
“The men who impregnate them without their consent,” he answered.
“True enough. It’s always been that way. Minds are difficult to change when we’re used to seeing things a certain way.” Helen was intrigued by his word choice. “You call them criminals?”
Avid suddenly decided to share his opinions. 
“In my time, consent for sex and consent for pregnancy are totally separate things, with separate laws. Impregnating a woman is treated as an assault unless the man obtains her signed contractual consent prior to conception. If she didn’t willingly sign the pregnancy contract and she gets pregnant, the man gets a prison sentence. That’s how we solved the abortion crisis. It wasn’t all that hard to figure it out. Honestly. Not that hard.”
He looked at Helen and tapped his forehead as if to imply that her people were all idiots.
“Really. Wow.” 
“The woman doesn’t have to file charges. She would only do that if the man wasn’t honest about the fact that he was fertile, and he impregnated her against her wishes, without her knowing he was placing her at risk for a pregnancy. Full disclosure is the law. When that happens, the man gets nine months of prison. From the first day to the last you can’t drink alcohol or eat any of the foods they recommend that pregnant women avoid. For the second and third month they administer a drug that makes you nauseated, so you can’t ever hold food down before noon, plus sometimes randomly later in the day, at their whim. At the third month they strap and lock a weighted pregnancy simulator around your waist. They increase the weight of it every two weeks until you’re carrying about sixty pounds at the end of your sentence. You can’t even take it off to sleep or shower, and it has an embedded device that randomly kicks you in the stomach, particularly at night. The kicking gets harder and more frequent, the further you are into your prison sentence. You don’t really sleep much, I’ve heard.”
Helen was grinning broadly, leaning into the conversation. “Nice,” she thought. Avid heard her.
“You can’t interact with anyone when you’re in prison. Nobody is allowed to talk to you, and you can’t talk to them. They move you to a small one-room apartment with no windows, and they socially isolate you from everyone, except when you’re doing community service. You can only talk to other people when you’re doing community service.” 
“What’s community service like in your time?” Helen asked.
“It’s different for different crimes. For illegal impregnation it’s mandatory, every day, and they usually make them chase after children in the playground without many opportunities to sit down. That’s to trigger back pain, and to make them appreciate what pregnant women have to deal with when they already have children.”
“Interesting,” Helen murmured happily.
Avid’s read on Helen was that she was thoroughly enjoying this conversation, even though she didn’t comment much. She was pressing her lips together to fight that grin and keep them shut and unsmiling, but her eyes were dancing.
“By the fifth month in prison, when they’ve been nauseated for a couple of months and the Medical team induces hemorrhoids, the men mostly all understand what they had actually done to another person. Usually they suddenly feel empathy – which is the entire point of their punishment – and they opt to undergo sterilization, but they freeze their sperm so they can still have children. The ones who don’t feel empathy decide to be sterilized so they don’t have to go through this punishment again. Suddenly life isn’t all about protecting their sperm count.”
Helen sighed wistfully. 
“After the seventh month the simulated pregnancy weight is about forty-five pounds, and the kicking gets harder and happens more frequently. That’s when they let them have a desk job.”
“Do they put them through any labor pain at the end of the nine months?” She asked this dispassionately, with a yawn. However, Avid heard her thinking, Please yes, oh please yes.
“They do. On the last day of their sentence the medical staff induces abdominal spasms that hurt for twelve hours and increase in intensity and frequency toward the end. Then they give them a big pain surge in their groin. After that, they’re free to go back to their lives again.”
“Wow,” Helen said. “Do they inject them with hormones for nine months? Give them water retention with elephant ankles? Because that would be so fun.”
Avid didn’t know. 
“Here’s the thing,” Helen said. “When you want a baby, all of that stuff is part of the charm of being pregnant. I used to love it when my son kicked me. I laughed at my huge ankles and all of the discomfort. I adored every aspect of being pregnant. But I was privileged. I didn’t have other children, I had a supportive husband and a large bank account, and I didn’t have to stand all day serving fast food or cleaning houses. I was privileged enough to be happy that I was pregnant, and being happy about your pregnancy is a privilege. Not every woman is that lucky. Some women’s lives are ruined.”
Helen was thoughtful for a moment, and then thought again about how men in Avid’s time got to share in the experience.
“Do they actually have repeat offenders?” Helen asked.
“Not that I know of. The longest holdout I ever heard of was someone who lasted until they induced hemorrhoids at month five. That’s when he asked for sterilization. I’ve never really heard of anyone going the entire nine months without getting sterilized.”
“And it works?”
“What do you think?”
Helen laughed.
“Abortions went down to nearly zero. Problem solved.”
“Nicely done,” Helen said. 
“Yes it was. Because making the criminal accountable for his crime usually works better than punishing his victim. Making the punishment fit the crime usually works. Making the punishment be a teachable moment that forces someone to learn empathy for his victim works.” He geared up to forcefully hit the concept home. “Because you’re putting the right shoe on the right foot.” 
“You really think of the women as victims there?”
“Did they impregnate themselves against their own will?”
Helen laughed.
“Unwanted pregnancy is a life-changing event, and can even be a life-ruining event. What other things can you do to negatively disrupt someone else’s life, physical health, and financial security and have it not be a crime? I can’t believe you don’t see them as victims yourself.”
He looked at her to make certain she understood that this was the root of the problem, and that he was angry. She understood, but he could also read that she had to readjust her perception of unwanted pregnancies because she lived in a world that thought that women didn’t have a lot of value. If they had to endure an unwanted pregnancy, give up their schooling, their careers, or a comfortable lifestyle, most people were unfazed. She also was helpless to change it because men in her time were still in charge for the most part, and they would never agree to something that benefited society in general, and women in particular, if they had to make a personal sacrifice or suffer the inconvenience of managing their own fertility and its aftereffects.
“It’s a paradigm shift I’m happy to make,” Helen assured him. “I can easily think of women as victims and the men as criminals…” She thought of some of the things her clients had experienced, and shuddered.
“So, after their sentence they have to report for mandatory community service for four hours a day for the next eighteen years helping watch over toddlers and preschoolers. Every day. No days off. If they have to miss a day, the Mitigators tack it to the end of their sentence. And if they don’t perform the job satisfactorily and enthusiastically the Mitigators make them take child rearing classes and early education classes, then extend their sentence and increase their daily hours. The Mitigators take child development very seriously, so you can’t mess up with it. They don’t stand for it.”
Helen stared at Avid with no expression, then abruptly burst out laughing. She had tears streaming down her face and was bent over, holding her stomach. She began choking and coughing, then moved past that to laugh some more. She took a breath. She looked at Avid through tears, and then burst into a whole new barrage of laughter.
“Don’t have a stroke,” Avid cautioned her. That set Helen off again. 
She caught her breath.
“If you tried that here, the men would all say that the punishment is too extreme and inhumane, especially the eighteen years of community service with children. They’d scream. But they have no problem with anything that happens to women.” she said with twisted smile. “And the Mitigators came up with this?” 
Avid nodded. 
“Oh my God,” she said. She loved the Mitigators more and more every day. She wiped her eyes. “You know, I’m not surprised that men opt out of fertility at only the third month – and I’m guessing it isn’t because they feel any empathy toward women. Meanwhile you have women who endure this over and over again, and some of them actually die at the end of all that. Or the men reject them because their bodies don’t go back to the way they were before they got pregnant. But who cares about them, right?” 
Her last remark had tinges of bitterness and anger. She had spent most of her life being angry about the things women had to endure because she’d spent most of her life trying to piece women back together, and she was tired. 
Avid picked up on this.
“The men in my time actually do feel empathy for women. We’re taught to. It’s ingrained in us. When we don’t learn it on our own we have laws that force us to. The whole time those men were in prison, they had therapy that reinforced it. They came out of it different.”
Helen had doubts, and Avid heard them.
“Really, they did. But regardless of why, the punishment acts as a deterrent and the deterrent works because I haven’t heard of anyone committing the crime in years.”
“I’ll just bet they haven’t,” Helen chortled. 
“When they first passed the law, there were men who didn’t want to be sterilized. It’s always a choice, so they opted out.” 
Avid made a contorted face of mockingly bewildered disbelief. 
“It’s a painless procedure and it’s reversible,” he said with exasperation. “It’s a lot like your vasectomies today. It’s not a big deal. You can reverse it as soon as you get consent, and if you never reverse it they still have your frozen sperm for in vitro pregnancy, so it isn’t as if you can never have children. Who knows? Maybe you’ll decide you want a Designer Child instead, right? Most men never reverse it because we don’t want to pay that kind of price for an accident. It makes no sense to not opt in.”
“Some men think that having a vasectomy emasculates them,” Helen said. 
“You get drunk with a woman, and the next thing you know you’re wearing a pregnancy simulator and bracing yourself for nine months of hemorrhoids and stomach kicking, then twelve hours of simulated labor pains and a huge kick in the groin. I should think that that would be emasculating to men. So it mystifies me when men opt out.” 
He stood up and waddled a few steps with his hands cupped around an imaginary pregnant belly. “Manly,” he said dryly, looking at her sideways. 
Helen had a mouthful of wine in that moment and spewed it all over Avid. She hopped up to grab a towel and then patted him dry-ish.
“So that didn’t last long,” he continued, sitting down again. “Other men heard the stories and stopped balking at sterilization. Now it’s a right of passage, like a Bar Mitzvah (his Alert screen had just provided that reference). You choose to have it taken care of as soon as you have viable sperm to freeze, even if you’re gay, because you get a really enormous perk for doing it. Then everyone throws you a party.”
“Very clever.” Helen’s mind whirred for a moment. “And that’s how you effectively ended abortion.” She went back to her mental whirring, considering all the factors and the end result. The Mitigators nailed it, she concluded.
“Right. But you all act as if abortion is going to stop if you make it illegal and close abortion clinics. You’re vicious, with the signs and the protests and the shouting at the clinics and all the laws you pass, and the sanctimonious judgments. How has that approach worked for you so far? It’s as if you aren’t quite bright, you know?” 
He rolled his eyes and tapped his forehead again. “Nobody ever sees the men as the problem, only the women. Right shoe, left foot.”
Helen nodded in thoughtful agreement.
“But what about if you’re married? Do women still need to sign the consent form?”
“Yes, because it would be like a wife deciding for her husband that he has to donate his kidney to some random person she’d chosen, and then forcing him to do it against his will. He has to endure the risks and the outcome without any say in the matter, while she doesn’t suffer any risks or pain at all, even though she’s responsible for it happening.” 
“Except that childbirth is worse and has more risks,” Helen added grimly. “And more pain. And it completely upends your life forever, if you keep the baby. Or it can cause long term emotional distress if you give it up for adoption.” She paused. “They forgot to have them experience financial disaster, an end to their education, and a subpar career.”
Deciding whether or not you can afford to work with the cost of daycare, Helen thought to herself. Getting attacked for needing food stamps and Medicaid by the same people who didn’t want you to have an abortion. It goes on and on. She sighed. Avid heard her.
“In our time all their basic needs are taken care of, and they can still work because we have free childcare. But it would make sense to add that punishment here. That might be an eye-opener.”
Avid was miserable and resentful that he even had to be in the proximity of this kind of abuse. In this time and place they left those people to deal with it alone, without help or support, and frequently with judgment and condemnation.
He felt himself spiraling. His wine hadn’t taken off the edge of his futile anger. This time. This place. It was all more than he could handle. He thought about the things he saw on the streets, and on the news, and at his assignments. He began to shake with fury. He drained his wine and poured another.
This isn’t real for me. These people are all dead, he silently repeated to himself. This isn’t real for me. These people are all dead.
But Helen wasn’t dead. She was right here, and he had gotten extremely fond of her. She was rapidly becoming his family. She was his very favorite aunt. This time and place had moments of light, like Helen. He couldn’t completely condemn and reject a time and place where Helen was. Where Nelda was.
Therapy. Meditation. Breathing exercises. He needed them now. He would schedule therapy tomorrow and meditate before bed tonight.
They picked the wrong Historian for this assignment, he thought hopelessly. I am not equipped for this. I cannot ever take another assignment that requires this kind of emotionally draining effort. He wondered if it was time to sign up for assignments involving puppies and dancing cockatiels.
He slumped in his seat on the couch and glared at his wine glass.
“What is it, Honey?” Helen asked gently. She took his hand and massaged it.
“I can’t stand it,” he whispered. Then louder, he said, “I go out in public and there’s absolutely nothing I can do to fix anything. They assign me these events that are truly disgraceful, and the people are violent and full of hate, and I can’t stop any of it. I see death and anger and hostility and it’s all so stupid. It’s all so stupid.”
“I know,” Helen said, still rubbing his hand.
“And then I see news shows that report on things I can’t see personally, things that are just as bad as or worse than the things I see with my own eyes, and I want to do something about the things I see, and I can’t. Like homeless people. I see homeless people and I want to scream because I can’t even give them a heart hug.”
Helen reached up and squeezed his shoulder, and massaged it. 
“We’re taught from our first day of school to take care of other people, whether we know them or not. If we see someone suffering it just takes a second to give them a boost. It’s free. It takes no effort. The Mitigators have clinical proof that heart hugs save lives and stop crime, and that the people we help usually pay it forward afterward, and that every single one of us in our chain of influence is happier. Just from one heart hug to someone who needs one. Just from that little bit of basic human connection.” 
He added, “Not one of us would walk past a homeless person without doing something to help. Not one of us. Not even the Heroes, and I’m pretty sure they would walk past their own mothers.”
He fiercely turned to Helen in frustration, with angry eyes.
“I can’t even give a hurting person a heart hug here when I pass them on the street. Just doing that one small thing might uplift them enough to change the continuum, so I can’t. Just walking past them without doing anything to help goes against every single thing I was ever taught, and I have to do that every single day. Every day I have to turn my back on people who are suffering. Every single day.”
He was angry and distraught, and he was close to shutting down. “I hate it here,” he muttered. 
Suddenly he felt something… 
Helen had successfully tuned into his frequency and was sending him a small, tentative, uneven but earnest heart hug. It was her very first, and she wasn’t entirely proficient, but it was clearly a heart hug and it had successfully reached him. 
He turned to her in amazement.
“You did that,” he said. “You did that!” he shouted.
“I did it!” Helen screamed. “I did it!” She got up and began to dance the Boogaloo, and then the Twist. She was referencing the nineteen-sixties, Avid noted happily. He had been there. So had she.
She was moving into the Watusi when he got up and hugged her. He twirled her around. She was giddy, laughing. 
“Think of what this can do for my patients!” She screamed. “I’m a rock star!”


Saturday, March 27, 2021, Game Night
Helen, Avid, Nelda and Mary were all gathered around the dining room table, setting up a game of Risk. 
“It has to be board games that use dice,” Helen explained to Nelda and Mary. “Because Avid cheats at cards.”
Nelda had prepared popcorn and served tortilla chips with salsa, and had handed a bottle of craft beer to everyone. She put retro rock and roll on the sound system. They all picked the color of their pieces, and prepared to slaughter their opponents.
They had plans to do this every Saturday night, playing all the board games Helen had had in her closet since her son was young. They had not been opened or used in over twenty years.
Avid had never played board games before, and was delighted. Saturday would now become his favorite night.


Tuesday, March 30, 2021, Time: Evening, Zipper Sabotage
The Heroes and the subjects had returned to Dirk’s apartment to discuss the upcoming lynching event, but were taking time off from that discussion to play everyone’s favorite, Grand Theft Auto. 
Nectar suddenly rose and addressed Dirk and Chad in Hinduese. 
“I think I’m having stomach issues right now,” she said. “It feels like it’s going to be bad. I’m going to go to your en suite, Dirk. It’s further away from here than the guest bathroom so the smell shouldn’t reach the subjects. Tell everyone to steer clear, okay? This is going to take a while.”
Dirk and Chad both looked a little disgusted, and had no urge to experience the scent of Nectar’s effluvients. They wouldn’t dare go back there.
Dirk had recently mentioned that he had moved everything from his apartment at the control station to this condo because it gave him ready access to the local bars, those that were open, anyway. So that meant he had brought all of his clothes, and Nectar knew that they were all right here, right now.
Nectar went into Dirk’s bedroom closet with a small pair of scissors and carefully cut out three teeth close to the bottom of the zipper on every pair of Dirk’s pants. He would not be able to zip up his pants so he would now have to face the world with an open fly.
Nice tits indeed, she thought.
Then she returned to the living room, holding her stomach and looking as if it were going to happen again.
The other Heroes edged away from her and focused on the 98 inch TV screen where the Grand Theft Auto world was exploding.


Wednesday, March 31, 2021, Time: 1055 Hours, Avid Meets Lady Heroes
Avid was with Chad and Dirk and the other two Heroes in the main building’s community hall. Avid had described his progress with Helen, and the Heroes had updated Avid on their progress with the subjects. This meeting simply an update and did not require any further discussion.
This was the first time that Avid had seen Chad in person since the incident with the apartment swap. Chad did not appear to think that anything untoward had happened between them, and he displayed no guilt, remorse or shame. 
Now that he had a plan Avid took a moment to tell Chad that he loved the apartment. He thanked Chad for swapping.
“Good doing business with you,” Avid said to Chad. “You left a bit of a mess, but I got them to clean it up, so now everything is perfect and I really like being in that building.
“My pleasure,” Chad replied.
Avid turned to leave, while the Heroes all watched him go, thoughtful but expressionless.


Saturday, April 3, 2021, Time: 2000 Hours, Sex toys
Avid’s Alert screen flashed with a “knock” from Janicyl. And so it begins, Avid thought to himself smugly as he answered the call.
Janicyl re-introduced herself and reminded Avid that they had met at the Heroes meeting the other day. 
Avid assured her that he could never forget a woman as beautiful as Janicyl.
Janicyl accepted this clear and obvious assessment of herself with a satisfied, “Thank you,” and went straight to the point. She needed help. Would Avid be available to help her? 
“By all means! I would be thrilled to help!” he told her.
“I’m tied up,” Janicyl said apologetically, “and I desperately need someone to pick up some things for me. Could you please do that for me, and bring them to Dirk’s apartment? I’ll pay you back as soon as you get here.”
“No problem,” Avid assured her. 
“Thanks much,” Janicyl told him. 
Avid’s Alert screen displayed a list of items with a holographic image of each. He blinked. He was going to an adult store to buy sex toys and porn DVDs for Janicyl and presumably Dirk. 
His Uber driver was willing to wait outside the adult store regardless, but Avid handed her a one hundred dollar tip for her trouble and thanked her. Then he went inside and looked around himself in wonder. So seedy! So fascinating! It was kind of delightful, in a way. He’d never seen anything like it.
He went straight to the counter and told the clerk he had a long list of items he needed to purchase immediately. Would the clerk help?
He would indeed. Avid gathered up the items in a nearly full shopping bag, including four porn DVDs that were originally filmed in the nineteen seventies. He pulled out his debit card and had them ring up the purchases, which totaled about twelve hundred dollars. 
Then he hopped back into his Uber and went to Dirk’s apartment. His Uber driver was willing to wait for him again while he went inside to drop everything off after he slipped her another hundred dollar bill.
Dirk, naked, invited him in and took the shopping bag from Avid. 
“Janicyl is going to pay me. Here’s the receipt.”
Dirk glanced at the receipt and said, “Janicyl’s tied up in there. She can’t come out and pay you just now.” 
“Can you pay me then?” 
Dirk gestured at his naked self and shook his head. “Bad timing,” he explained.
Avid heard the headboard bang against the wall as Janicyl twisted in her ropes and handcuffs to adjust her position on the bed. She called from the bedroom.
“Thanks, Avid! Can I pay you on Monday? I’ll meet you at the community center at noon. We’ll have lunch. Okay?”
“Sounds great!” Avid pocketed the receipt, said his goodbyes, and left.


April 4, 2021, Time: 1011 Hours, Nectar Retrieves Pants 
“I’m Dirk Van de Camp’s driver, and he asked me to pick up the pants you fitted him for the other day. Are they ready?”
The Wardrobe Expert checked his Alert screen and nodded. “I believe so. I’ll be right back.”
“Thank you.”
Nectar absently watched the wardrobe staff measuring and fitting Historians for their excursions on land, or custom tailoring their clothing on antique sewing machines. She still didn’t like their clothing options, but had safely averted their poor taste herself so they no longer had any impact on her happiness. 
“Here you go.” The Wardrobe Expert placed a pile of pants on the counter, and thanked Nectar as she grabbed them and left. 
She retreated to her apartment, where she opened the Amazon package she had just retrieved from an Amazon locker on land. It contained a seam ripper, which she tore out of its packaging and placed on the coffee table.
She lifted the first pair and studied the seams, deciding on the seam at the seat of the pants. Then she used the seam ripper to carefully cut the seam’s thread every inch or so from the waistband to the crotch. She folded the pants, smoothing out any wrinkles, and placed them at the side of the coffee table. Then reached for the next pair, and then the next, and then the next.


Sunday, April 4, 2021, Time: 1403 Hours, Nectar Returns Pants 
“I’m Dirk Van de Camp’s driver, and he asked me to pick up the pants you fitted him for the other day. So I picked them up and then found out he’s moved out of his apartment here and is living on land. I have to be here for the next several days and we won’t have a chance to meet up until Friday, so I can’t deliver them. Could I please leave them with you? Could you please tell him they’re ready and he needs to come and get them?”
The Wardrobe expert slid the pile of pants off the counter, placed them in a storage cubby for items awaiting pickup, and told Nectar he would be happy to oblige.


Monday, April 5, 2021, Time: 1245 Hours, Janicyl No Shows
Avid dutifully waited for forty five minutes after he was to have met Janicyl for lunch. This was the lunch where she was supposed to have paid him back for the money he’d spent on her sex toys.
He walked over to the bank and up to his usual bank representative.
“I have been egregiously misused,” Avid told the man.
“Indeed,” the man answered. “I’m so sorry. May I ask what you’ve had to endure?”
Avid described the incident with the sex toys and the money he’d spent to procure them. He produced the receipt.
The bank representative consulted the scanner footage and concurred with Avid that he had been sorely mistreated. 
“My cash out of pocket is twelve hundred USD. Can you add anything extra to compensate me for my shame and humiliation?”
“I can.”
“Thank you. Also, I tipped my Uber driver five hundred dollars because I knew that Janicyl would have wanted me to. She’s very generous. Could you please compensate me for that as well?
“Indeed I shall.”
“Thank you. But I have to tell you that Janicyl and I were supposed to meet for lunch. That’s where she was going to reimburse me. I was going to suggest to Janicyl that she and I have lunch at the Windsor House on the top floor, and I’m feeling victimized because of my disappointment when she failed to appear. Might I please have compensation for the perk value of the meal I was anticipating?”
“As you command,” the bank representative replied. “Do you have anything specific in mind that you would like to request as compensate for your sad misfortune? A wingsuit skydiving flight over a canyon near the Himalayas, perhaps?” He sent Avid a holographic video of someone hurling himself into the depths of a canyon, riding the wind in a special suit with nothing but that suit to support him.
“Yes, please. I’ll take that.”  
“Head to the Wish Book and put in your request.”
“Thank you.” Then Avid paused. “May I ask you a personal question?”
“That depends,” the bank representative answered.
“Did the Heroes make your life miserable in school?”
The bank representative looked away guardedly, and said, “Why do you ask?”
“Me too,” Avid said, and bent over in a Namaste bow. Then he went to the Wish Book and ordered his Himalayan wingsuit excursion.


Wednesday, April 7, 2021, Time: 1114 Hours Nectar Cancels Reservation
The Heroes were having their weekly meeting in the control station. Dirk was telling Chad that he had met a woman on land, and was taking her out to dinner. He named the trendy Michelin star restaurant they were going to go to, and told Chad that it had just finally opened up to half capacity. When the restaurant had made the announcement that it was reopening for indoor dining, the reservations had filled up so quickly that they were booked months in advance after only two days. 
Dirk knew the restaurant manager from having played darts with him at the sports bar. He had given him $200.00 to find him a table for two any evening before May 14th. The restaurant manager had demurred, so Dirk offered him $500.00. The restaurant manager had accepted, and Dirk was proudly telling Chad he had a reservation. 
When Dirk mentioned the date and time of the reservation, Nectar perked up. She slipped out of the room and sent an Alert screen message to a friend of hers who had clearance to interact. When the friend answered, Nectar gave him Dirk’s name, the name of the restaurant, and the date and time of the reservation. Then she instructed her friend to call the restaurant and introduce himself as “Dirk Ford,” and cancel it.
The friend complied.  


Thursday, April 8, 2021, Time: 1743 hours, Nectar Goes Shopping
Nectar left Dirk’s apartment and went back to the control station because he no longer needed her to drive him this evening. Consequently, she had the night off. On her way to her apartment she stopped off in the main building and went to the commissary to pick up some more non-toxic nausea drops from the pharmacist in case she needed them again. Heroes always kept some on hand in case they were caught in a tricky situation and needed to escape, and she had just run out.
While she was there, she purchased a “gag quick drink generator” that creates drinks that all taste like soap. She would replace it with the real drink generator before the subjects arrived, because serving their guests soapy wine would not serve the cause. Her plan was to pull out the real drink generator every week on Mondays and Tuesdays before the guests arrived, and then swap it out with the gag generator again after the subjects left. 
Then she went home.


Thursday, April 8, 2021, Time: 1831 hours Dirk’s Date Night
Avid’s Alert screen issued a knock from Dirk. Avid answered, and gave him a friendly wave and a Hello. He was now always happy to hear from a Hero.
Dirk didn’t know what to do and needed help, he told Avid. He was supposed to meet this woman for dinner, but he was running late. He’d spent five hundred dollars on a bribe to get the table, and someone had to show up for the reservation or he’d lose it even if he was just a few minutes late. Would Avid please show up as a placeholder, give them Dirk’s name, and grab the table so they didn’t lose it? He’d texted his date to go in if he didn’t show up right away, but he couldn’t risk her showing up late and losing the table, or getting impatient and leaving. Could Avid please sit with her just until Dirk arrived? He didn’t want her running off before he got there.
“I would love to. Do I get to join you for dinner and sample the food?” Avid chuckled “ha-ha-ha” like a co-conspirator. This was very fun.
“Absolutely not. Her name is Amelia, and she’s going to meet me in front of the restaurant at 8 P.M. Any later than that and I think she’ll be inside.” Dirk sent Avid an image of a lovely brown haired woman with a nice smile.
Avid explained the situation to Helen and Nelda, and then dressed nicely because he was going to be entering an upscale restaurant. He ate a few bites from a plate Nelda prepared for him, to be polite, then ordered an Uber so he would arrive at 8 P.M. 
It was not quite 8 P.M. so Amelia was still outside looking for Dirk when Avid climbed out of the vehicle. She was dressed for an evening out at an expensive restaurant, but looked comfortable in her clothing as if she was used to upscale living. Dirk was fishing in the “wealthy woman pool” for dates, apparently.
Avid approached her and introduced himself, explaining the situation with Dirk. 
“He’ll be here in a little bit, he’s just running late. He asked me to grab the table for him so he wouldn’t lose the reservation, and to keep you company until he gets here. He didn’t want you to be sitting alone.” Avid made that last part up. Dirk had said nothing at all about the comfort of his date, and in truth would never have considered it.
Amelia smiled and thanked him. They both walked into the restaurant, with Avid holding the door for her because his Alert screen had just told him to do that. This was his first venture into a local restaurant with a local woman in this century and he hadn’t really known what was expected of him.
The Hostess greeted them with a condescending smile, and checked the reservations for “Dirk Ford.”
“I’m sorry, sir. There is no reservation.” She had a French accent.
“Are you sure?”
“Quite sure, Monsieur.” She amped up her condescension just a notch. 
Avid pulled out his smart phone and called Dirk, who didn’t answer. He then sent him a text message.
“What should we do?” Avid asked Amelia. “I don’t want to stand outside and wait for him. Do you know of any other restaurants? I’m new in town and don’t have any idea which ones are good. Then I’ll text him to tell him where to meet us.”
Amelia thought about it for a moment and then suggested another pricey restaurant in the area. It was close enough for them to walk to it. 
Avid found the phone number on Yelp and called the restaurant to see if they had any seating available. Unbelievably they did, so Avid gave them his name and told them he would be there momentarily. He and Amelia walked the half block to the restaurant, chatting amiably about the weather. When they arrived, they were greeted and seated. Avid texted Dirk to tell him where they were. Then they ordered drinks while they waited for Dirk to join them.
When Dirk still hadn’t responded to his text message or the voicemail Avid had left for him, Avid excused himself and went to the Men’s room, where he held his smart phone to his ear so he would look as if he were speaking on the phone. He then tried to reach Dirk on his Alert screen. Dirk answered looking ill. Avid could see he was kneeling in front of a toilet.
“I don’t think I can come,” Dirk said. “Tell Amelia I’ll need to reschedule. I keep heaving.”
“What’s going on?”
“Food poisoning, I think. I’m not dying or anything, but it’s bad enough so that I can’t leave the bathroom.”
“What did you eat?” 
“Nothing all day. I started feeling sick after I had a drink tonight while I was getting ready. Maybe vodka doesn’t sit well on an empty stomach, I don’t know. Or maybe I’m coming down with something.” He paused to ask, “Aren’t we supposed to be immune to all known diseases in this time frame? I’m going to get checked out with Medical.” He shook his head, exasperated. “It came on all of a sudden. Nectar came over to drive me to the restaurant, we had drinks, and the next thing I knew I was face first in the toilet. It’s been about an hour and I’m starting to feel better, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
“Is she sick too?”
“No, she’s fine. It’s just as well, though. I picked up some pants from Wardrobe, and had to return them all for repairs. When I tried on a pair and sat down, the seat tore. Every pair was the same way, so I wouldn’t have anything good enough to wear out to dinner anyway. I don’t know what’s wrong with Wardrobe, by the way. They stuck me with bad zippers on that entire batch of clothes I picked up from them for the on land apartment. I might have to report them.”
Avid returned to the table and explained the situation to Amelia. Dirk wasn’t coming because of some kind of food poisoning. Then he asked if she would mind spending the evening with him instead. She didn’t mind at all.
Since Dirk was paying, Avid ordered several appetizers and several courses, plus a very expensive bottle of wine. Then he ordered a second bottle of wine. He encouraged Amelia to select the most expensive entre on the menu, then sighed happily as the server came with plate after plate of exquisite, very expensive food. They had no room for dessert, but Avid insisted on ordering it anyway.
He was satisfied when the bill exceeded eight hundred dollars. With a five hundred dollar tip, the total would be over one thousand dollars. The twenty percent upcharge he’d receive at the bank for being victimized by a Hero would be well worth his effort, which was a nice bonus for an evening he had thoroughly enjoyed. Even though Dirk had not deliberately made him a victim, Avid thought that the bank representative might compensate him for his time and the money he spent tonight. It was just a guess. 
It had been a delightful evening for both of them. The conversation flowed, they both enjoyed each other’s company, and dinner was fabulous. Avid and Amelia sipped their after-dinner coffee with sated contentment. 
Avid walked Amelia to her car, told her Dirk would be calling her soon, and waved to her as she drove away. Amelia went home with a far better impression of Dirk than she would have had if she had actually spent the evening with him. He would see if the bank would view that as “community service” and reimburse him for it.
Avid gave the Uber driver his now-standard five hundred dollar tip and then went up Helen’s front steps, unlocked the door, climbed the staircase and crawled into bed.

Friday, April 9, 2021, Time: 1301 Hours, Bank: Flight Lessons
“How many flight lessons will this get me?” Avid was cashing in on his dinner the previous evening. As he had expected, the bank representative reimbursed him for everything, including community service.
“Ten. You can have ten lessons.”
“Excellent! By the time I’ve used those up I’ll have more perks and can keep going.”
“It’s been my pleasure, and I expect to see you very soon. For now, I invite you to request your flight lessons from the Wish Book. You know what to do.”
“Thank you.”


Saturday, April 10, 2021, Time: 1615, Helen Feels Pain
Helen had been shifting uncomfortably in her seat as she practiced mentally connecting to Avid. Avid had sensed immediately when he first met her that she was experiencing pain, but it was getting more noticeable. She knew she had arthritis, but it was getting worse in her hips and was beginning to impact her walk. She had also been concerned about her eyesight and suspected she had cataracts. She was irritated that it all might slow her down, so she just kept pushing through and taking Aleve and CBD gummies to dull the pain, muttering sometimes, but not complaining. Avid could tune into her though, and saw that her problems with pain were increasing.
Avid sent a message to the Mitigator-on-duty without Helen’s knowledge to ask if they were willing to send a twenty-eighth century doctor to treat her. No one he knew of had ever made a request like this, so he was doubtful that they would permit it. However, he got the approval, and was immediately given an appointment time the next day, Sunday. The doctor would be arriving at 1400 hours, and Avid should advise Helen about the appointment so she could mentally prepare.
He told Helen, who was thrilled, less because she was going to receive treatment than because she wanted to see exactly what twenty-eighth century medicine looked like.


Sunday, April 11, 2021, Time: 1247 Helen’s Doctor Appointment
The future of medicine was one of the things Helen had the most questions about, right after the future of psychotherapy. She was as giddy as if she were planning a trip to Europe, waiting impatiently for “her” doctor, Gabai Dang, to arrive. 
“Will the doctor beam down right into my house? How does it work? How will he get here?”
“They land at the control station, then they take a travel pod to land, and then they get an Uber.” He had no idea what Helen was referring to when she said “beam”.
“No seriously.”
“I’m serious. That’s how we get around. Didn’t I ever tell you that? We take Uber and public transportation after we get dropped off on land.” His Alert screen displayed Captain Kirk saying, “Beam me up”, then showed him transmitting in a shimmery glow from a planet to a spaceship. It included an update on the progress of that effort by the Technology Project so he could tell her that they were working on making it more widely accessible. 
“We call that ‘extraction’ and we only use it in an emergency. If someone is injured or in a really dangerous situation, the time travel team can pull them out. Right now, though, they can only use it to pull someone out of a time period in the past and back to the twenty-eighth century. They can’t use it in reverse to send you back in time, and if we’re on land and traveling from place to place within the same time period, we have to take the bus.”
Doctors were frequently dispatched into the past to treat time travelers, or to recommend extraction if their condition was critical or the danger level was severe, as in a war zone. They also used it when getting to the control station was cumbersome or dangerous, or would take too long in places that had no easy transportation. Heroes in particular were highly subject to injury because of the level of their job difficulty level, and extraction for them was not infrequent. 
Doctors automatically received local interaction clearance for every assignment, so they all had language implants, as well as Medical implants. There would be no problem with communication. But doctors didn’t usually travel back in time to make house calls to locals complaining of arthritic joints. This was a new development.
When the doorbell rang, Helen leapt up and ran to answer it. Waiting for her on the other side was a youngish, slight, mixed-race woman wearing blue jeans and a sweater, with a denim backpack slung over one shoulder. She was holding a box of gourmet cupcakes.
“Dr. Dang?” Helen held out her hand. “I’m so pleased to meet you.”
Helen shook Dr. Dang’s hand enthusiastically and smiled widely. Dr. Dang permitted her to shake her hand without squeezing back because she wasn’t certain of the protocol and was too distracted by the interior of Helen’s home to pay attention to her Alert Screen instructions. She peered up at Helen with a confused look on her face as Helen pumped her hand up and down, while gaping curiously past Helen and into her house. She had limited experience with going back in time, and had never shaken hands with anyone before. 
“I’ve never had an assignment quite like this,” she said when the interesting handshake ended. “It’s really exciting for me!” She handed the box of cupcakes to Helen and told her they were a gift from the Mitigators, while looking around herself with obvious interest in everything she saw. It was as if she were drinking it in so she wouldn’t forget.
“It’s exciting for me too! Please come in!” She led Dr. Dang to the living room and invited her take a seat. Then she went to the kitchen where she arranged the cupcakes on a plate, brought them into the living room with paper napkins, and set them on the coffee table. She grabbed one, then motioned to Dr. Dang to take one as well. They spent a few seconds chewing and making noises of pleasure. 
Dr. Dang peered around the house with curiosity. “This is the first time I’ve ever been inside a local’s house. I don’t typically have permission to travel on land, and I’ve never been to twenty-first century America either, so this is all very fun for me!”
Helen insisted on giving Dr. Dang a tour of the house, upstairs and down, with a quick walk through the backyard. Dr. Dang smiled in awe the entire time, touching things and asking Helen what she used them for. Helen demonstrated how to turn on a table lamp and how to use an electric razor. “This is a paper shredder.” “This is the garbage disposal, and this is what it does.” “This is the garage where I keep my car, and this is how you open the door.” “This is the car.” “This is a lawn mower.”
Dr. Dang marveled at the antiquities and was fascinated with the television, then was completely enamored by the appliances in the kitchen. “I’ve seen these in images!” she cried, turning the gas stove burners on and off and giggling, turning to Helen so she could share her amazement.
Dr. Dang was particularly thrilled by Helen’s backyard. She kept peering up at the sky with a reverent look on her face. Then her jaw dropped when a plane flew far overhead, and she intensely followed its course until it disappeared. 
“Amazing,” she breathed. “Have you ever been up in one of those?” she asked Helen. 
Helen nodded off-handedly. Of course she had flown, she thought, amused.
Dr. Dang’s expression turned to awe and admiration.
“Did you love it? I don’t know of anyone who wouldn’t give a fortune to fly in a plane just one time. I’d love to fly in one of them one day and look down at the clouds. I’ve seen images. Did you love that when you flew? Seeing clouds?” Helen nodded, smiling. Dr. Dang added, “There isn’t much of a view from a travel pod. It’s all a blur.”
Helen had been amused by Avid’s obsession with the perks he had traded in for helicopter rides, balloon rides, sky diving, parasailing, and flight lessons. She had thought it was a personal quirk of his, but looking at Dr. Dang’s expression it seemed to be a deeper cultural yearning, to escape the ocean in order to fly in the air. 
Dr. Dang was still looking up, searching the sky for another plane. When she saw one, she grew visibly excited. She was completely focused on it as it crossed the sky.
There was something touching about her excitement, Helen thought. It made her feel a little more grateful for the things she had, not knowing precisely what she had that Dr. Dang did not.
Outdoor settings were exotic to people in the twenty-eighth century, and were normally only a holographic experience for them, unless they traveled to the nature preserves or visited prehistoric times. Dr. Dang suddenly squealed with pleasure when a bird flew down and landed a few yards in front of her, then clapped her hands with delight when a squirrel scurried up a tree. They did not have live animals in the holograms.
Helen hadn’t noticed either animal at all until Dr. Dang said something.
“Did you see that? It went right up that tree!” Dr. Dang cried, pointing. “What do you call that adorable animal with the fluffy tail?”
“You don’t have squirrels?”
“Squirrels? Lovely! We probably do, but they’d be housed in the nature preserves. I’m so busy I never get around to visiting. But after seeing all this…” She waved her hand around the tiny yard “I have to make a point of doing that soon! I love this!”
Then she squatted to study an ant hill, watching the ants with amazement. She gingerly put her finger down to gently push one aside so she could see what it would do. Then she did it to another ant, looking up at Helen and laughing. She reminded Helen of her son when he was exploring the yard as a three-year-old, which made her feel a rush of aching, protective affection for her. Something was really off, but she couldn’t quite pinpoint what it was. She wondered if Avid could explain it to her, or if he even noticed the doctor’s strangeness since he came from the same world.
Dr. Dang turned her face back up at the sky and studied the clouds for a minute or two, then stood with that look of happy peaceful reverence on her face. She closed her eyes and took several deep breaths, smiling.
Helen found the doctor to be charming but oddly disquieting. There was something deeply, unnervingly sad and poignant about her childlike delight with the backyard that Helen couldn’t identify. It was like watching someone who had experienced extreme deprivation taking her first step into a large fully-stocked grocery store. She was like someone who was colorblind wearing glasses that permitted her to see colors for the first time. It made Helen quiet and thoughtful, almost to the point of tears. For some reason she wanted to give Dr. Dang a hug, but didn’t dare. She wanted to keep her here with the birds and the squirrels and the ants and the planes, and not let her go back home.
Avid walked up and joined them. The doctor turned to him. “And you’re Avid,” she said. “I’ve been hearing a lot about you. Tough assignment they gave you, eh? Backing up the Heroes? But I hear you’re doing a great job.”
Avid thanked her and the two of them gave each other Namaste bows. They all turned and went into the house.
“We have cupcakes, Avid. Help yourself. They’re on the coffee table.” To Dr. Dang she asked, “Can I get you something to drink?” Helen was eager to please this poor woman.
Dr. Dang asked for a beverage Helen didn’t recognize because it hadn’t been invented yet. Avid nodded knowingly and went to the kitchen where he pulled out his quick drink generator and whipped one up for her. He made two more for Helen and himself, and brought the three mugs into the living room on a tray.
Helen tasted hers. “What is this? It’s good!” It was a kind of tea, similar to chai but with different spices and a hint of dark chocolate and mint. Then she looked at Avid, bewildered. “How did you make this? Do I even have these ingredients?”
Avid explained how he had made them and what the quick drink generator was, and promised to give her a demonstration later. He had never shown it to her before because the subject had never come up in conversation and Avid had never thought to use it because the kitchen already contained everything he might want or need. Helen was, once again, delighted at having one more thing to discover.
“Let’s talk a little about what you’re feeling,” Dr. Dang told Helen. “Hips, correct? Eyes? We’ll focus on them specifically in a little bit, but I first want to give you a full-body exam and a youth booster.”
Helen looked at Avid with a skewed and questioning smile. She mouthed the words “youth booster” then made an expression of surprise.
“With the youth booster you won’t age anymore. This is how old you’ll look for the rest of your life,” Avid told Helen. He had had no idea they would ever be willing to let her have one. He would have thought it would impact the continuum, but was thrilled for Helen that the Mitigators were willing to take that chance on her behalf. He had become increasingly aware of their fondness for Helen, and this was one more example of what they were willing to do for her.
“Have you had one?” Helen looked at him and studied his face. “How old are you, Avid?”
“I’m fifty-one. I have two grown children and a granddaughter.”
Helen stared. “You don’t look a day over thirty.”
“That’s usually how old we are when we get the youth boost. But I was actually thirty-four at the time, so that’s how old I should look to you, thirty-four.”
“You have a granddaughter?” 
“I do. She’s four years old.”
“And your wife?”
“Amicably divorced. I’m single.”
Helen sat in stunned silence. Nothing about Avid was anything like she had imagined. They had talked about his world and his time, but they had never discussed anything personal. She should have asked more questions.
The doctor had begun mentally probing Helen while she and Avid were talking. She didn’t touch her at all, but Helen could sense it. The full body exam the doctor promised was primarily a series of mental instructions to her medical implant, which then…did something that Helen could feel. Dr. Dang tested the various internal organs, joints, bones and chemical balances throughout Helen’s body, and noted any abnormalities. Then she mentally applied some kind of vibration to areas of concern. Helen felt her hips twitch intensely, then felt some pressure around her heart, and then she felt it in her eyes.
“The doctor has a medical implant,” Avid explained. “She’s looking at a screen like mine to see what’s going on with your body, and then she activates the implant to treat you with sound waves and whatever else the implant does. I have no idea how it works aside from what I just told you. I think it’s an advancement on the ultrasound therapy you have here. I’m not sure.”
Helen looked at the doctor for more information, but the doctor didn’t explain her process because she was focused on the task at hand. She just kept moving from one body part to the next, and the vibration followed her. Helen’s joints all began to tingle. Her hands began to ache and shudder while Helen watched the joints in her fingers go from swollen with arthritis to normal as the cartilage regenerated. She flexed her fingers. Her hands were perfect. Her hips weren’t in pain. 
“Can you read this?” The doctor held up a book she found on the coffee table.
“Yes! It’s all clear again! Wow!”
The doctor looked up. “You’ve just had a complete tune up. I found a couple areas of concern that were planning to cause you problems in the future, but I took care of them for you, so you should be fine. Just be sure to drink plenty of water for the rest of the day. You need to flush away the toxins I loosened up in your joints. I’m serious. Lots and lots of water. Do you have any questions?”
“I’ll never look a day older?”
“That’s right.”
“Wow. What about my prescription medicines? Should I keep taking them?”
“No, I corrected your arteries and your blood pressure, and your heart functionality is normal again. You can throw your medicine away if you want.”
“You’ve just healed the crippled and given sight to the blind!” Helen laughed and hugged her.
Avid suddenly received an alert telling him to handle her questions carefully so he didn’t break any laws. This was troubling and he began to feel anxious and fretful. What was Helen going to ask? What specifically had triggered the alert? But Helen didn’t have any questions right now. She was talking to Dr. Dang.
“Do you have any training in psychotherapy?” Helen asked.
“A little. What do you want to know?” she replied.
“Everything.”
Dr. Dang laughed and probed Helen’s mind a little so she knew what kind of knowledge she already had, and what she was looking for. She began to explain how they had found ways to correct the physical causes of mental conditions that were brain-related. She specifically referenced the psychopaths and the modifications they performed on their brains to make them as close to normal as they could be while still retaining all the qualities of psychopathy that enabled them to do their jobs. They had found ways to adjust brain chemistry without drugs. They could repair brain damage. Then, after they’d addressed all the physical abnormalities, they focused solely on the patient’s emotions.
“Psychological pain is an emotional experience, as you know. It isn’t an intellectual exercise for us, the way it is in your time. The patient doesn’t talk because we only have to probe in order to know what they’re experiencing. We can still verbally redirect someone into choosing better paths and taking healthier actions, the way you do with your patients, but it helps if we quell some of the pain first, and teach them how to endure it or minimize it themselves. The first thing we do is make them feel supported, safe, and loved before they even begin that kind of work. Then they have that same support throughout the entire process. I’m told you already experienced a short session. How do you feel about it?”
“Amazing!” Helen said. “I want to learn how to do it myself.”
“Your abilities are always going to be a little limited, but there are some things you can do. Avid is helping you learn them. You’ll be a stellar therapist when he’s done with you. Your patients are very lucky.”
Helen looked humbled and a little embarrassed by the praise. Avid couldn’t read her thoughts except to hear her client list in rapid passing, and the approach she hoped to take with each patient. She was very excited.
Dr. Dang, having completed her exam of Helen as well as her tea, rose to leave. Helen hugged her at the door when the doctor’s Uber arrived, then watched her hop down the stairs and into the vehicle, on her way to her travel pod pickup point and back to the twenty-eighth century.
“I can’t tell you how wonderful I feel right now,” Helen told Avid. She held her hand out at shoulder height, then attempted to kick it. She was successful.
“Oh my God!” she cried. “That was my bad hip!” She bent down and touched her toes. She got down on the floor, then lifted herself up again without any difficulty. “I have the body of a forty-year-old!” she crowed. “Hallelujah! And absolutely nothing hurts! Nothing!”
Helen ran up and down the stairs. “Hallelujah!” she shouted. She lifted heavy objects. She opened a jar of pickles. She tried to think of what else she could do without difficulty, then decided to surprise herself with it later. She sat back down, grinning.
“Could I please see your drink generator? Can you show me how it works?”
Avid went into the kitchen and held a pitcher under the faucet, filling it with water. He brought it back to the living room with glasses. He pulled the drink generator from his jacket pocket and handed it to Helen to examine.
“I control it from my Alert screen. It connects to the device, like your Bluetooth, and then I select a beverage. That commands the device to make that specific beverage from the water. It makes the water hot for tea and coffee, unless you expressly request cold. Then it chills it. He explained how it was necessary in times and places that didn’t have clean water or drinks that were palatable to twenty-eighth century tastes. “You don’t want to drink Viking ale, for instance. Flat, sour, awful. So, we make our own.”
“What specifically can you make?”
“I’m not sure. Hundreds of things, I think. Do you want a Starbucks coffee with soy milk and whipped cream?”
“No,” Helen answered. “I want to see you make wine.” There was something intense about the way she said that. 
“Any preference?”
Helen thought about it, and then named a very expensive wine and vintage that she and her husband had splurged on for their fortieth wedding anniversary. Avid entered the request into his Alert screen, then waited for the drink generator to connect. He placed it into the pitcher while Helen watched with completely focused concentration as it whirred and the water changed color. Avid poured her a glass. Helen stared at him while she raised the glass to her lips. She sipped.
“Oh my God,” she said. “Holy shit.”
“Good?”
“Perfect. Wow. How does it work?”
“It’s an organic version of 3D printing. You have that now, right? In your time they’re experimenting with it to create human tissue and organs with organic materials. They’ll come pretty far with that over the next six hundred years, and they also learn how to use that technology to create food and drinks by rearranging the molecules somehow in the 3D printing process. On a molecular level it’s the same as the real food.”
Avid’s Alert screen flashed a warning to him again. He was thoroughly confused over why that might be. He couldn’t read Helen’s spinning thoughts, so they were not giving him any clues either.
“So you can turn water into wine?” Helen asked. “And you can create food with this thing?”
“We need a different device for food, but yes.”
“And your psychologists can probe someone and dispel demons?”
“Demons? I don’t know what you’re talking about. What do you mean?”
“Correcting brain dysfunction and brain damage that makes people behave as if they’re possessed by demons.”
“Yes, I guess so. What does that have to do with – ”
“Do you have any sort of flotation device that lets you walk on water?”
“Of course. We live in the ocean. We can do lots of things with water.”
Helen stared at him. 
“Could your food generator make loaves and fishes? Was Jesus a time traveler with a medical implant and a food generator and a drink generator to turn water into wine?”
“What?” Avid’s Alert screen was flashing red. He was aiming that question at both the Mitigator and Helen. He was completely bewildered.
“Could the Mitigators have extracted him from the tomb after the crucifixion?”
“What tomb?” 
“Was Jesus a time traveler?”
Avid had never studied Jesus in any depth. He knew very little about him except from indirect exposure to Christians during his various assignments and from his education classes on historical religions in Sunday school when he was a child. Maybe Jesus was a time traveler. Avid had no idea.
His Alert screen flashed, “Tell her no, Jesus was not a time traveler.”
“The Mitigator says no,” Avid said to Helen. “Jesus wasn’t a time traveler.”
“I see,” Helen said. Then she laughed.
“It wouldn’t be possible because there’s a law against it.”
“Against what?”
“Against preaching to the locals about anything that can be construed as a ‘religion.’ It can create an Anomaly or an alternate history and send you to prison.” The Mitigators had learned that lesson from the Sky People, Avid thought.
“I see,” Helen repeated, raising her eyebrows, squinting at Avid. Then she let the subject drop.


Monday, April 12, 2021, Time: 1958 Hours, Personal Questions
“I have never asked you any personal questions, not really,” Helen said to Avid over dinner. “For instance, what kind of a name is ‘Avid’? I’ve been wondering this whole time.”
Avid poured himself another wine, and held the bottle over Helen’s glass. She gave him the go-ahead to pour. He did.
“My parents work for the Space Exploration Project, and the mission they were working on when they met was a series of space flights that were all called ‘Avid,’ just like the Apollo mission in your time had all those space flights called ‘Apollo’. They’re exploring black holes in my time, and trying to find out if we can use wormholes to travel out of this galaxy. That’s what my parents do for a living. They’re essentially ‘rocket scientists’, in your vernacular.”
“Wow.” Helen was suitably impressed.
“The specific spacecraft they worked on together was the ‘Avid Voyager’”. I was their oldest, so my name is Avid. My brother’s name is Voyager. If they’d had any other children the next one’s name would have been ‘Seeker’ because Avid Seeker was the next mission after Avid Voyager.”
“You have a brother? Is he also a historian?”
“He’s a musician, and he has a dual role working for the Historian Project and the Arts Project, like my dual role is working for the Historian Project and the Education Project. He’s cataloging ancient music and sending the information to the Arts Project. The Arts Project people only very rarely have assignments on land, and it’s usually to observe, not interact. But by working for both projects he still gets to immerse himself in the music division of the Arts project, which he loves, but he also gets the personal interaction with ancient musicians, which he also loves. So he’s learning the lute right now in fourteenth century Spain and recording the music they played on it. The earliest surviving piece of sheet music for the lute dates to the fifteenth century, so he’s very excited to see what they did earlier.” 
“I thought your appearance kept you away from those centuries. How is your brother able to go there?”
“I’m a standard bio child, but he’s in the Caucasian Dynasty so he can do that. My parents went for a designer child with him when they saw how excited I was about growing up to be a Historian. They thought they’d give Voyager the same opportunity, if he wanted it, so they gave him Dynasty status to boost his chances. He could always turn the opportunity down, they figured, but this way he’d probably be more apt to have that choice.”
“You mentioned your parents are still working?”
“Sure. They’re only in their eighties. They won’t retire for another thirty years or so.’
“You people live how long?”
“Average lifespan is about one hundred twenty with a high end of about one hundred and fifty years. My parents don’t look any older than I do, and the youth boost slows down physical breakdown, so they aren’t technically physically old, from your standpoint.”
“And they live in the twenty eighth century?”
“That’s right.”
“And your granddaughter is there too?”
“She’s with my daughter at the Asia Pacific control station during the Han Dynasty in about 100 B.C. She and my ex-wife and my other daughter are all Historians, all in the Asian Dynasty. I visit them a couple of times a week and schedule my return for a time immediately after I leave so it doesn’t look to you as if I went anywhere. 
Helen did not know that Avid had been traveling back and forth in time during his entire visit with her. There was so much about him that she didn’t know.
“I have a question about the twenty-eighth century,” Helen asked. “Why was Dr. Dang so excited to see my backyard? She acted as if she’d never seen a squirrel before. Does something bad happen in your time?”
Avid’s Alert screen flashed red, warning him to be careful with his answers. Avid thought about it with the Alert still flashing.
“We moved underwater because of climate change,” he tentatively began. “And the medical team is really busy, so they never have a chance to go on land. That’s all.” The Alert stopped flashing.
Helen had to accept his answer because she knew she wasn’t going to get another one. However, she didn’t think that answer was entirely complete. 
Avid heard her, but remained firm and didn’t say anything more.
“You’re almost as good as my granddaughter at heart hugs now,” Avid said, changing the subject. “And she has a genetic advantage. You picked them up really fast.” 
“I’m going to try one on Max tomorrow and tell you what happens. I’m feeling a little trepidation, but I’m really excited.”
“You have good instincts, so no matter what he does I’m confident you’ll know how to react.”
Helen nodded with pursed lips and concerned eyes. This was scary, she thought.
“We still have a month,” Avid reassured her. I’m looking for results that are cumulative, so you’ll have four more opportunities to reinforce the message with him. “I’m thinking we’ll move to the Vulcan Mind Meld tomorrow night, and see how you do.” 
Helen had begun referring to the process Avid had used when he conducted his impromptu therapy session as the “Vulcan Mind Meld” from Star Trek, and she’d been asking him to show her how to do it.
“So, tomorrow you try the heart hug during your session and tell me how it goes,” he said. “Then we’ll work on the mind meld after dinner.”


Tuesday, April 13, 2021, Time: 1400 Hours, Max Gets a Heart Hug
Max was sitting in the chair looking sullen and defiant. He always approached his sessions that way, then grew slightly more cooperative and opened up to Helen later in the hour. Helen greeted him warmly, and offered him coffee. He accepted.
Helen was aware of what was going on with the lynching, and kept looking for signs that Max was going to confess. He began a sort of ramble, angry, unhappy, scared. He wasn’t really telling her anything, though.
Helen listened. Then she tried to tune into him, the way she had done with Avid several times. It took her a minute, but it wasn’t really difficult. She pushed one of her heart hugs toward him, and watched to see if it had hit its target.
He froze and looked up at her. His eyes were confused and pleading.
So that’s how I looked to Avid, Helen thought to herself. Was Max going to cry too?
Yes. Max gulped and grabbed the arms of his chair, and twisted around so Helen couldn’t see him. That didn’t stop it. He choked and sobbed. This was unacceptable. Men did not cry like this, particularly in front of women. He was humiliated, and the humiliation made him furious. He glared at Helen, willing the tears away. He stared at her silently, defiantly, clutching the arms of his chair until his knuckles were white, and he said nothing. Then he looked down at his lap and sat there rigid and unmoving.
“I’m here for you,” Helen said gently. “It’s all right. Tell me why it hurts.” She leaned over and rubbed the back of his hand.
Max curled himself into a contorted twist in his chair, turning his face away from her, and then collapsed into sobs.


Tuesday, April 13, 2021, Time: 2021 Hours, Feedback on Max’s Heart Hug-
Helen had been waiting impatiently for Nelda to leave because she couldn’t contain herself. As soon as the door closed behind Nelda, Helen grabbed Avid by the arm and squeezed.
“It worked. I did it.”
Avid had already read her, but pretended it was a surprise.
“With Max?”
Helen nodded excitedly. 
“Tell me what happened.” He paused. “You know I can read your mind, right? I’ll know everything he said anyway, and I promise you that you won’t be violating his privacy because I won’t tell anyone. You can describe everything he said.”
Helen looked uncomfortable at the prospect of sharing. She had only planned to describe how Max reacted to the heart hug. But he was right. He probably already knew everything.”
She sighed. 
“He’s very closed off, so after two years I still didn’t know that his mother was verbally and physically abusive, or that his father sexually assaulted him regularly from the time he was four years old until he was eleven. I only knew that he was estranged from his father, and that he had issues of some kind with his mother. I figured it was something like that because of his diagnosis, but I’ve been waiting this whole time for him to tell me. And he finally did after I gave him that heart hug.”
“Did he seem better afterward?”
“He did, like a weight had been lifted. We set up a plan to address the real issues, instead of skirting around them with me guessing what had happened to him. He’s been dodging my questions for two years. I sometimes wondered why he even bothered to come see me. Maybe he’s been trying to work up the nerve this whole time, poor kid. I feel so sorry for him. He’s always struck me as a really, really tragic figure, and I always felt so bad for him. I always did, but now he’s really touched me and my heart is breaking for him.”
Avid nodded in solemn respect for Max, then shifted gears and grinned happily. “I cannot believe how good you got at this as fast as you did.”
“Vulcan mind meld then?” She smiled coyly and flirtatiously.
“Fine. We’ll give it a shot when we’re done cleaning up.” 
About thirty minutes later, the two of them were sitting on the couch. 
“I don’t think you can do this without the genetic modifications. It’s an emotional connection though, not telepathy, so maybe you can do it. I just want you to know that I won’t be disappointed if you can’t. I just hope that you’re not disappointed.”
“I’m fine, whatever happens. Primarily I’m curious. I want you to tell me what you do, and what you experience while it’s happening.”
“That’s a healthy attitude,” Avid said. “So we’re just going to pretend. I’ll walk you through it, and you don’t expect anything. You just pretend along with me, okay?”
Helen nodded enthusiastically.
“I want you to focus on the middle of your forehead right now. Pretend you have a searchlight right there in the middle.” He touched her forehead an inch or two above her nose.”
Helen began focusing.
“It’s called the ‘third eye.’ You can google it if you want more information. I’m not going to go into it now.”
Helen nodded.
“Imagine that there’s a stream of energy that’s forcing its way out of that spot on your forehead. It doesn’t have to feel very strong. You’re focusing a light, in a way. It isn’t a power force. It’s just a flashlight. You’re aiming that beam of light on me. Aim for my third eye. Imagine that the light is beaming out of your forehead and into my forehead, right here.” He tapped his forehead. “Now go into a kind of meditative state. You aren’t thinking, you’re floating. You’re meditating while you focus that light into me. Floating. Meditating.”
Helen’s eyes grew unfocused.
“Floating. Floating. Touch my third eye with the light from your third eye while you float.”
Helen focused. Avid followed her effort, and was surprised and impressed because he could feel the probe.
With her eyes still unfocused, Helen sighed. “I don’t know why I’m going to say this,” she says. “It’s like a compulsion.”
Avid sat up straight, flabbergasted.
“I just have to say this, okay? I could be totally wrong.” 
Avid nodded, excited.
“Honey, your parents don’t need you to be a rocket scientist. You’re so hard on yourself, and you think you aren’t making them proud so you’ve talked yourself into all kinds of self-doubt and insecurities you really shouldn’t have. They knew it wasn’t your path the first time you failed a math test. They’re so proud of you and your brother. They’re so proud. And remember, your brother isn’t a rocket scientist either. He’s just following his path, like you are. You see how proud they are of him, right? And that’s what your parents want for you. You both are so skilled at things they will never be able to do, and they know and appreciate this. Please stop shortchanging yourself. Please stop being so afraid of failing – that fear is choking you. It’s so entrenched you won’t even let your therapists reach you there, so you’re paralyzing yourself. Please stop second guessing yourself and apologizing for being the very wonderful person you are, and never ever again worry about being less than your parents want, because they want you just the way you are.”
Avid stared at her. 
Helen blinked. “I’m so sorry, Avid. I feel like I overstepped.” She looked embarrassed and startled. “I don’t know why I said those things. I mean, you’ve never confided in me. I shouldn’t have overstepped. I’m so sorry. I need some wine.” She stood up and went to the kitchen, then came back with two wine glasses and an open bottle of wine. She poured and handed a glass to Avid.
“Are you an empath?” Avid asked.
Helen sighed disgustedly. “Yes. Damn it. How did you know? It’s always been the bane of my existence. I have no idea how I’ve been able to do my job for as long as I have because it’s grueling to feel everyone else’s pain day after day. Ugh. So how did you know?”
“Because you did it.”
“I did it?”
“That’s all you do. The words just come. It’s weird, isn’t it? I don’t know where those words come from, but do I know that compulsion to say something about things that I have no business knowing. It must be strange to be a real therapist, I’ve always thought. The words that come out of your mouth don’t even feel like they’re yours. Don’t you think that’s weird?”
Helen nodded, confused and shocked. “I really did it? That was it?”
“Now that you know how, I have to warn you. When you connect to people in that way, you can never, ever, ever, ever give the person a negative suggestion. Not ever. In my time it’s illegal. They call it ‘psychic rape.’ You can only support and build. You can never tear down. You have someone’s psyche in your hands, and they’re helpless. The words go straight to their hearts when you do this, so you can’t betray them. Not ever.”
“I never would. I would never, ever do that.”
“I know you wouldn’t. It’s just a warning that you should never inject your own thoughts when you speak to the patient, especially negative ones. Just let the words flow. The words will always be the right ones, if you do it the right way.”
Helen looked stunned. “I did it. And it was weird. It was so weird.”
“You can practice on me again, as much as you like. Okay? And then when you’re doing it, I want you to try to give me a heart hug at the same time. It might be tough and it might take practice, but I want you to try to do both at once. And then the next time we’re going to try and focus that heart hug on specific things you feel from me. If something seems really painful to you when you’re poking around, focus the heart hug energy onto that pain. Okay?” 
“This is really powerful stuff.”
“It’s powerful stuff. I agree.”
“I did it.”
“You did it. And you have a week to practice before Max’s next session.”
“We’ll practice every day.”
“Every day. You’ll be perfect. You’re so great, Helen.”
“I rock,” Helen agreed. “I totally rock the house down. I’m a goddess, don’t you think? ”
“Totally. You’re totally a goddess. Cheers.” Avid held out his glass, and Helen grabbed hers and lifted it. They clinked glasses in a toast.


Monday, April 19, 2021, Time: 2015, Religion Twenty-eighth Century-style
“So what is religion like in your time?” Helen wasn’t religious, but she was curious.
“We have a church we can go to.” Avid was scrubbing the pots after dinner. Helen was loading the dishwasher.
He placed the pot in the cabinet – he had learned his way around the kitchen and the house, and was fully at home now. He made them both some tea and handed a mug to Helen.
“Is everyone Christian?” She was sipping her tea, happy, leaning against the counter and taking a short break.
“There’s only one church, but I don’t know what religion it is. They never talk about Jesus except when they have classes on historical religions, so I don’t think it’s Christian.” 
“We probably have thousands of different religions. And you don’t have that anymore?” She found this fascinating, and it raised more questions. “Where did the other religions go?”
Avid countered with a raised finger. “A better question might be, why do people in your time need more than one religion anyway? Why are there so many variations of the ‘truth’?” 
“We have freedom of religion. You can believe whatever you want.”
“We have that too, except that we believe whatever we want in the one church we go to.”
“But the various churches and the various beliefs appeal to different kinds of people.”
“Our one church appeals to different kinds of people too.”
“Our churches tell you what you have to believe. You pick one, and then that’s your truth forever. What’s the point of a church that doesn’t tell you what you have to believe?”
Avid looked at her, and said, “You want a church that tells you what you have to believe? Isn’t that precisely why you don’t go to church? Because church tells you what you have to believe?”
“True, but other people seem to like it.”
“So all these different churches tell people different things that they have to believe. Everybody believes something different. Everybody thinks that only their church is the true church.”
“That’s right.”
“And you need thousands of these churches, all telling everyone something different and all claiming to know the truth, which is different from everyone else’s truth. You’re saying you have thousands of variations of the ‘one true religion,’ and none of them believe the same thing.”
“Exactly right.” Helen was trying to keep a straight face. This was exactly why she was an atheist. If they all thought they were the “one true religion,” it meant that none of them were because they all canceled each other out.
“So do they have thousands of variations of science here?”
“Not thousands, but some of the religions have their own variations of science, like how the earth is only six thousand years old and dinosaurs were planted by Satan to test your faith. And some of those religions seem to reject science entirely.”
“Nice.”
“They think so.”
“So do they apply the same rules to science as they do to religion? I understand that you can’t be ‘saved’ unless you believe specific things in some religions. Do these religions apply that logic to science as well? Do the people who don’t believe in gravity fly up into outer space unless they accept the teachings of Sir Isaac Newton?”
Helen burst out laughing. “So, did you figure out which of the religions was the One True Religion in your time? Or did you just give up?”
“I don’t know. I’m not sure it matters, actually. At least, I don’t know of anyone who thinks it matters. Let me ask.”  
The Alert screen displayed a Wikipedia page. 
“It’s telling me Unitarian Universalism. That’s what our church is.”
Helen grabbed the kitchen counter pretending be shocked. Then she stood back upright, grinning. “Unitarian Universalism is the one true religion? Are you sure?”
“Apparently. That’s what they sent me. We just call it ‘church.’”
“What a strange turn of events. You guys all picked a religion that doesn’t make you believe in anything! Wow.”
“Yes it does. We have to believe in ethics, equality, and compassion.” 
Helen made a face as if to indicate that ethics alone would not carry a religion. Neither would equality or compassion. Religion needed burning bushes and virgin births to warrant serious consideration. It had to have metaphysical undertones and overtones, and exist primarily in the supernatural. In actual fact, though, she liked this kind of simple approach.
“The Mitigators are pretty keen on everyone understanding ethics and morality on a deeper level, so in my time those two things are critical. Our church just stripped away all the miracles and supernatural explanations for everything so we wouldn’t get sidetracked. We’re also supposed to ask questions and try to figure things out. If you don’t, you aren’t trying, so different people reach different conclusions and hash it out as an intellectual exercise. That’s probably why the miracles went away. Nobody takes offense because they can’t prove anything and neither can you. If you have a mind, you aren’t supposed to just accept things at face value and then attack or even kill other people to defend your beliefs because ultimately it doesn’t matter what you believe about God. Or what they believe.”`
Helen gave him a quizzical stare. 
“If believing made things true the world would still be flat,” Avid said in response to her look. “We don’t follow your religions in my time, and when we study them in religious history we don’t go into depth.” 
“Some people here still believe the world is flat. So there’s that. You might have to change the axiom for the audience around here.”
Avid looked at her with a pained expression. “I really hate it here, Helen,” he said to her seriously. “I really do.” She laughed.
Avid sighed then continued.
“But we aren’t atheists. Whatever it is that created heaven and earth is what put the rules and laws into place that govern them. Those are the Sciences. So in our time we treat science as the ‘word of God’.” Everyone has science in common, and it works exactly the same way for everyone. There aren’t a thousand variations, and you don’t have to believe in science in order for it to work for you. It never changes. I mean, sometimes we learn new things and our understanding of science changes, but the essential underlying rules and laws never change. So if you want to understand God in my time – or the Creator, call it what you will – you study Chemistry or Physics. The more you study them, the more perfect they are. So in our time we believe that God must be perfect based on our study of the sciences.”
“And death?”
“You look at Physics. One of the rules is that energy cannot be destroyed, it can only change forms. You call it a ‘soul’ but we call it ‘life force energy.’ That’s what I’ve been teaching you to tap into with telepathy and heart hugs. Our essential selves are energy, and energy cannot be destroyed, so our essential selves are eternal.”
“I’ve always thought that when you die you’re just dead.” She handed him the last pot from the back of the stove. Avid began scrubbing.
“That’s probably the only after-death option that science won’t let you have, so you’ll have to pick something else to believe. And it won’t matter because believing doesn’t change what’s true. Truth is what it is, whatever that is, and it’s still true whether you personally believe in it or not.”
“So what about heaven and hell?”
“Let me check.” He asked his Alert screen to refresh his memory on the concept of heaven and hell.
“They aren’t mathematically feasible,” he told her. “Another rule of Physics is ‘every action creates an equal and opposite reaction.’ You can’t possibly do enough good things or bad things to warrant an eternity of punishment or reward. Nothing you do in one short lifetime could ever add up to eternity, so that’s out. Physics says you can only get back exactly what you give.”
“Karma.”
“That’s right.”
“So…reincarnation?”
“Right. If you can perform a scientific experiment on energy once, you can perform it an infinite number of times, provided the same conditions are present. If your life force energy can take residence in a physical body once, it can come back again an infinite number of times.”
“Wow. I don’t like that. I don’t want to come back.”
“The Universe never asked you for permission.” Avid grinned. “The simplest thing for you would be to pick something else to believe. But that won’t change anything.” 
Helen looked thoughtful.
“So, you talk about ‘God.’ Do you really believe that there is a god?” she asked. “I don’t. Never have.”
The screen flashed Star Wars, and Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi.
“May the force be with you,” Avid read. “Is that a saying in your time?”
Helen let loose with a belly laugh. She slapped the kitchen counter and grinned. Avid probed to find out what was so funny and had to agree that it merited a laugh that he was quoting a science fiction movie to describe “God”. 
“You can use the Law of Probability to figure out if there’s a god. And, again, it doesn’t matter what you believe because you won’t change the truth. That’s why people in my time keep guessing and debating, and our scientists keep probing.
He sipped his tea.
“So, there are fifty-two playing cards in a deck, right?” Avid was getting this reference from his Alert screen.
“Right.”
“How likely are you to shuffle them so that they’re all in the exact order they were in when you first bought the deck? All the suits are sorted just the way they were when you opened the deck in the exact ascending order, one after another. Can you do that?”
“No. I’d have to sort them by hand.”
“And there are only fifty-two playing cards. So now tell me how many rules and laws apply to Physics.”
“Millions. I don’t know. Billions?”
“And they’re all in perfect order with no mistakes. Did that happen by accident? What are the odds that millions or billions of rules and laws shuffled themselves into perfect order by accident during the Big Bang?”
“Incalculable.”
“Pretty unlikely. So that leaves us with intent. The odds are that Physics laws and rules were all intentionally put into place because they could not have spontaneously created themselves by accident without there being mistakes or total chaos.” He read from his screen. “’Fifty-two pickup’. What’s that?”
Helen laughed again. “It’s a pretend card game we played sometimes as kids as a joke, usually on one of the little kids. It means you throw the deck of cards in the air, and then pick them all up.”
“So, chaos?”
“Right.”
“That’s the Universe after the Big Bang without intervention and intent. So, now add together all of the sciences, and all of their millions and billions of rules and laws, then calculate the odds that all of them are perfect, which all of them are. ‘Intent’ suggests that some kind of overreaching force created everything and put the rules in place. Otherwise, there would be chaos.”
“Hmm.”
“And again, it doesn’t matter what conclusion you reach. Believe or don’t. You won’t change anything because it is what it is. In my time we’re open to figuring it all out, but here you just decide what’s true and never question it. You don’t conduct any scientific research on it – even your scientists are atheists, a lot of them – and the religions here won’t look for proof either way, in fact they appear to recoil from deep examination. I suspect they view it as a threat.”
“So, so you guys ever pray?”
“Yes, I guess you could call it prayer. We believe that we’re all a part of a universal energy force – we’re all ‘one’ so to speak. That connectedness is what we access when we communicate telepathically. Prayer is really just a form of telepathy because you’re still communicating with just your mind, and if you believe that someone unseen hears you when you pray, then surprise, you believe in telepathy. The telepathy we use is just a little more exact. When people pray here, they send a telepathic help signal to the Universe and hope God answers it with some sort of supernatural solution, or a miracle. In our time we send up general requests for general help, which I guess you could say is ‘prayer’. We send it out there and hope someone literally hears it telepathically, or that the Universe dispatches someone to us who can help. But ultimately, sometimes dispatched people help and sometimes they don’t.”
“Dispatched people?”
“Scientists have a theory that the Universe intervenes from some other dimension to dispatch living people to answer prayers. Or maybe the energies of people who passed and moved into those other dimensions are doing it. They’re still trying to figure out what really goes on in the other dimensions, so right now we don’t know. They’ve established that we’re all visible to energies on the other side as if they’re behind a two-way mirror and can see us but we can’t see them, at least from some of the dimensions. They still haven’t figured out yet how lifeform energies in the various dimensions interact with each other or with us, or how we can communicate on demand. Psychic mediums do it, but they can’t control anything. They can only report what comes through, and the signals can be weak or the mediums can misinterpret or misunderstand them. Scientists are trying to figure out a way to communicate with other dimensions more directly, the way you do with your phone.”  
Helen gave him a look of astonishment and put down her tea to stare at him.
“So scientists are pretty sure that prayer really works on some level, but they aren’t sure where the help comes from. They think that prayer might trigger help of some sort from supernatural sources, maybe from one of those other dimensions. Like maybe your dead loved ones look after you. That’s one theory. Wouldn’t that be nice? Supernatural intervention is what the people in your time expect as an answer to every prayer, but right now that’s not what scientists think happens most of the time. They’ve observed that the Universe mostly – or frequently – just dispatches living people to address the problem. Maybe there’s a big computer out there, I don’t know, and it selects certain people for certain tasks, then nudges them to go to a place or be in a situation where someone needs their help. You hear about unbelievable luck and strange coincidences all the time. Abandoned babies being kept warm by animals and then found by someone who happened to be walking their dog, for instance. Scientists think animals can also be dispatched. Someone taking a different route for no particular reason, and being there to pull someone out of a burning car. That’s what I’m talking about. Scientists in my time are trying to explore the afterlife and the other dimensions and figure it out, and prayer is one of the things they’re looking into.” 
“So does praying for somebody else ever really help then?”
“It can, and in my time it does because people are telepathic and can literally hear cries for help. But here there are lots of people who cheat when they pray. I think lots of them were actually dispatched to help and decided not to because praying for the person who needs them is easier, and it lets them still felt good about themselves without them actually putting in any effort. They’re hoping someone else will do it, not them. If everyone prays and nobody actually acts to help, the result is still tragedy. Maybe it’s a worse tragedy, right? We believe that most of the tragedy you see in the world is the result of people who were dispatched to help but decided not to. For example, say that you pray and someone shows up. Your prayer was answered, but the person who was dispatched and showed up decided not to help. You’re out of luck when that happens. You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink. Is that a saying?”
Helen nodded.
“Someone came but then decided you and your problems were too much trouble, or else prayed for you instead of actually helping. Tragedy.”
“So you believe that when we pray we’re asking each other for help, not a ‘god’ per se?”
“I’m not sure, they’re still working on figuring it out. They don’t know who or what does the dispatching, but it only works if a dispatched person is willing to answer the prayer. But sometimes the help really does come from the other side. They think we really might have some backup from other dimensions.” Avid waved his hands in a general gesture to symbolically include everyone. “But that never lets you off the hook. In your time, most people don’t answer someone else’s prayers the way they do in my time. They just pray that someone else will.”
“So The Force is your god?”
Avid shrugged. “We don’t call it ‘God.’ We call it ‘universal connectedness.’ Or we just call it ‘The Universe.’ When they figure it all out, we’ll know better what to call it. But the point is we’re all connected, so we’re all responsible for everyone else, in a way.”
“So you believe in a higher power,” Helen stated. 
“We have to because of the Law of Probability. There’s no point in denying that something put the universe and the sciences into motion and made them perfect. Science is the Word of God in our time, so it’s our job to study the sciences to figure out the rules and to keep an open mind. We’ll never know everything, so we need to stay humble about what we believe. And if we’re in the proximity of someone who needs help, we have to presume we’ve been dispatched. We think it’s a good idea that we help that person. In your time, you think a quick prayer will fix things. In my time helping is second nature. In your time it’s an imposition, and I’m really not adjusting well to that.”


Tuesday, April 20, 2021, Time: 10:17 A.M. Max and the Vulcan Mind Meld Part 1
Max looked up at Helen with an open, trusting expression as Helen leaned over to hand him his coffee. She smiled at him as she took a seat.
“How are you feeling today?” Helen asked.
“I’m good!” Max almost smiled himself. He very rarely smiled. “I feel good.”
“How was your week? Anything you want to talk about?”
“Nothing in particular,” Max said. Helen didn’t feel discouraged. His sessions always opened this way.
“I was hoping to try something different today, if you’re onboard with it,” Helen said. “I went to a conference and learned a new technique. I’m looking for a guinea pig.”
Max looked at her suspiciously, thought about it, and then shrugged and nodded.
“Really? I was hoping you’d say yes! Thank you!” Helen smiled and shifted in her seat to get comfortable. “They call it the Vulcan Mind Meld. Have you ever heard of that?”
Max laughed and nodded. “That’s hilarious!” he said. Yeah, let’s do it!”
Helen, who had been practicing on Avid all week, prepared herself and then assumed the position. She held out her hands. Max almost involuntarily offered his hands to her, and she loosely held them.
“Just relax,” she said. “You don’t have to do anything.” She tuned into him and activated her third eye, then focused. She looked at him that way, seeing and unseeing at the same time, and she probed. 
Pain, she sensed. Terrible pain, physical and emotional. His father. Terrible pain. Awful. She worked on her heart hug, and aimed it toward the pain. Max’s eyes widened in surprise.
“Sometimes people are just evil and wrong. Sometimes you just happen to get in their way, and they hurt you. Honey, it was never you. You were never a bad boy. You were in the way of something evil and wrong, and it hurt you. You were never a bad boy. You just got in the way because you were there, and the evil was there. You got in its way.”
Max’s jaw was slack as he stared at Helen with his eyes welling with tears.
“Sometimes you can hurt, and then you want to hurt someone else so you can know in your heart that there are other people hurting the same way you are. I know that. But you don’t really hate those people that you want to hurt, do you? You just want someone to know how you feel.”
Max stared at her, and gave an imperceptible nod.
“You don’t really want them to hurt, Honey, do you? You don’t really want people to feel pain. You just want someone to know. You want someone to know how much it hurt you, to try to make yourself feel better.”
Mesmerized, Max nodded. 
“You’re a good boy, Max. No matter what they told you, and no matter what anyone did to you, you’re a good boy and it isn’t your shame. It was never your shame. You just got in the way by being there. That’s all. You were there, so it happened to you. It would have happened to any other child who was there, but in this case it was you. You were there. I’m so sorry you were there, and I’m so sorry they made you feel ashamed. But it wasn’t you. You’re a good boy. You just got in the way. It wasn’t your fault.”
Max nodded again.
“And you don’t want to hurt people, do you?”
Max shook his head.
“Because you’re a good boy. You want to help people who hurt, not hurt them more, don’t you? You know what it feels like to hurt, and you want to stop other people from feeling that way, isn’t that right, Honey?”
Max nodded.
“You’re such a good boy. I’m so proud of you.” Helen aimed another heart hug at Max. He shuddered. Then her eyes focused again, and she released Max’s hands.
Max sat there with his hands still extended, as if he didn’t want the connection to end. His face screwed up for a moment as if he were about to burst into tears, and then he composed himself and smiled. It was a real smile. Helen had never received a real smile from Max before. 


Tuesday, April 20, 2021, Time 1257 Hours, Girls go Sploring
Chad never used his apartment, and he never used his Tesla. The team primarily piled into the Range Rover and traveled everywhere together, with the now-proficient Nectar at the wheel. They always convened at Dirk’s apartment because he actually lived there. 
“Let’s go for a joy ride,” Nectar suggested. “Just grab the Tesla and go.”
Janicyl liked that idea very much and she had the key fob, so the two of them requested an Uber and went to Chad’s apartment, where they got into the car without anyone’s permission and simply left with Janicyl driving. She actually knew how to drive the car because she’d had several twenty-first century assignments, so she took off smoothly down the road with no hesitation.
Nectar had rolled down her window and was letting the wind blow her hair with her face toward the sun, as Janicyl smoothly maneuvered the car through traffic. People in other cars, mostly men, saw the Tesla and the ladies, and tried to get Nectar’s attention with waves and smiles. Nectar just closed her eyes and smiled and ignored them, and she breathed, experiencing a rare moment of total freedom. Janicyl hummed along with the music on the sound system and waved back at all the men, grinning.
They would come to do this every day, exploring the entire area and beyond without ever telling Chad or inviting him to come along.


Tuesday, April 20, 2021, Time: 2001 Hours, Session Failure
Helen was somber when she reported today’s session to Avid. The session had shaken her to her core.
“The words that came out were for a little boy,” she told Avid. I was talking to someone who was about five years old, not to a grown man.” She shook her head with bewilderment. “I thought I was doing so well, too, until that happened. What went wrong?”
“It’s this place. I hate it here,” Avid replied. Then he sighed. “You would never, ever see this in my time, and it’s a real tragedy. Nobody has ever done a thing for this man since he was a child. He’s been carrying this around with him for his whole life, getting sicker and angrier because of it, getting ready to commit murder because of it, and nobody really addressed it until you did, today. I’m sure he’s had contemporary therapy his entire life, talking about it, or maybe not talking about it, but nobody directly addressed his emotions. You were tending to that little boy because nobody else ever did, and that little boy still really needs help. Next time you might have to tend to the grownup inside of him I don’t know. You’ll have to see. But this is what happens when things fester. What you did was just exactly right. The words knew how to reach him, and you just said them out loud. You did everything exactly right.”
Helen nodded, relieved.
“You have to remember that the words aren’t yours. You’re channeling them, which is why you can’t ever insert your own thoughts or opinions into the session. Whatever you channel is the correct thing to say to this particular person in this specific moment.”
“Channeling them? What am I, a psychic?”
“Scientists are studying it and trying to figure it all out, so I don’t know exactly what it is, or how to describe how it works. They’re monitoring and observing the Arts Project too, and they’re trying to find practical applications for it in other areas.” 
Helen’s mind was whirring.
“If you’ve ever been around creative people you probably hear them refer to the “portal” or “drawing inspiration.” Or they just call it their “muse.” I’ve heard my brother mention it when he’s writing music. Empaths and creatives seem to have enhanced access to the ‘portal to The Universe’ – that’s what we’re still calling it until the scientists give it a formal name. They’re also trying to figure out why some people can access it and others can’t. When artists or musicians connect to that portal, they pull their creative inspiration from something outside of themselves. It flows into them, and they filter it through their own intellect, skill and experience to create the art or the music. But the source of it isn’t entirely them. They’re pulling ideas and inspiration from outside of themselves through that ‘portal’, like accessing a dream in waking life. Composers receive entire melodies. Writers get pre-written passages that just pop into their heads, complete. Artists get shapes and colors. That’s what you did. That’s where the words came from: a sort of waking dream while you were in a meditative state.”
Helen stared at him. “That’s so bizarre,” she whispered. “This happens a lot? Really? You never hear anyone talk about it.”
Avid’s Alert screen displayed. 
“You hear about it all the time. Here’s one. Paul McCartney from the Beatles received the song Yesterday in a dream. You can access the portal in your dreams too. Here’s another. There’s a documentary we can watch about a group called the BeeGees. Have you heard of them?”
Helen nodded.
“We’ll watch the documentary. Apparently someone named Chris Martin describes it for you. Do you know who that is?”
Helen shook her head.
“The Alert screen says he’s a musician. Cold Play? Is that the name of a band? We’ll see what he says about it when we watch.”
He paused and shrugged. 
“It’s all perfectly normal. Your reaction goes back to being afraid of anything that goes beyond your five senses. You’ve just been conditioned to steer clear of things like this. In my time, scientists study it. Now that you know you can do it, you’ll just flow with it and it’ll feel natural to you. It’ll be fun to find out how the whole process works, when they finally figure it all out. I’ll let you know if they do. But what it sounds like is that Max needs help going back all the way to his early childhood. That’s why you said what you said. So how did he react?” 
“He smiled at me. He’d never really smiled at me before. It was almost surreal.”
“See? You reached him, and it worked. I’ll be interested to know what he’s like at your next session, and what you have to say to him.”
“Me too.”


Thursday, April 22, 2021, Time: 1819 Hours, Jewelry Delivered
The package was sitting on the coffee table, waiting for Helen to return home from work. Avid had been sitting on the couch looking at it, excitedly holding the gift he intended to give to Helen to complement the items he knew were in that package. He wanted to thank her for her hospitality and her assistance, and he knew this would excite her like nothing else could.
When Helen walked through the door, he looked up at her grinning. 
“It came!”
Helen let out a shriek and ran to the package, tearing it open. She withdrew the gorgeous pieces of Art Deco jewelry that she had ordered on eBay, ran to a mirror, and began putting them on.
“Oh my God. So beautiful. I’m swooning. Oh my God.”
She studied and caressed each piece, and studied it again, and held out her wrist to admire her bracelet, and touched the pendant and the earrings as she posed for herself in the mirror. She turned her head left and right, lifted her chin and sighed happily.
“We have to go out for dinner so I can wear these. I’ll talk to Nelda in a minute so we can plan things.”
Avid nodded and held out what appeared to be a kind of a booklet.
Helen looked at it quizzically, and asked, “What’s that, honey?”
“Look at it.” Avid gave it to her and could barely contain himself as he watched her.
Helen took the booklet and opened it, bewildered. It was a series of pictures of women who all appeared to be wearing her jewelry. The earliest picture was of a man creating the jewelry in a workshop. The next picture was of a man purchasing the items from the jeweler’s storefront. 
Helen turned the page and the man was handing the jewelry to a beautiful young woman whose clothing suggested the year was in the early nineteen twenties. The next page was the same woman in a wedding gown, wearing it.
“What is all this?”
“I had them use scanner footage to compile and print out a history of your jewelry. These are all images of the actual people who owned it, starting with the jeweler who made it.” 
Helen was stunned, and hungrily flipped through each of the pages with an open mouth. Impatient, she flipped to the back of the booklet and found a picture of the man who had sold it to her. She flipped back to the beginning. Page after page advanced the years, and displayed the woman wearing it to various events as she grew older. Helen turned to another image of the young woman, now middle aged in the nineteen fifties. She was giving it to a woman who appeared to be her daughter. Then the daughter appeared in her wedding photo wearing the jewelry. The pictures showed the daughter wearing it on occasion after her wedding, but not often, perhaps because it was now out of style. In the nineteen eighties the daughter, now older, was handing it off to a woman who appeared to be her daughter, and who also wore it for her wedding. That daughter passed it on to another daughter in the early two thousands, who also wore it for her wedding. But then that picture was followed by images of a home robbery, a pawn shop, an antique auction, and ultimately the collector.
Helen grew silent. 
“What do you think?”
She looked up with tears in her eyes. “I can’t keep this. I have to give it all back. It’s not mine.
Avid hadn’t looked closely at all of the pictures, didn’t realize what the jewelry’s history was, and was feeling guilty for making Helen sad, and for being the reason she was going to lose something that had made her so happy.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t look through all of the pictures before I gave it to you. I really didn’t mean to do this to you. I’m so sorry, Helen. Really I am.”
“Did you get the names of these people?”
“I can do that.”
“I need to contact the woman who lost this jewelry and give it back to her. My heart is totally broken, but I have to do this.”
“I completely understand,” he said, hugging her. 
Avid consulted his Alert screen and received the name and contact information for the woman who was robbed. He also received the Mitigator’s permission to return the jewelry, pleased that returning it was not going to adversely impact the continuum. He then asked them to provide some plausible explanation for how Helen found out it was stolen so she would have a story when she returned it to the woman. He also needed to know what Helen should say about how she knew who to return it to.
The Mitigators provided him with a local Seattle news article dated May 30, 2019 detailing the theft of the jewelry, and its history. They gave him a back story of what Helen was researching when she stumbled on the article on the Internet, and how she located the owner on Facebook. Nobody would ever guess the truth.
He wrote the contact information down, told Helen what to say when she contacted the woman, and then sent her a link to the woman’s Facebook page from his phone.
“She won’t mind if I wear it to dinner just one time, right?” she asked, wiping away a tear.
“She won’t mind,” Avid assured her. 
“We’ll still go to the best restaurant in town, okay?”
“And you’ll look gorgeous.”
“I will, won’t I?” Helen threw back her head and laughed.


Sunday, April 25, 2021, Time: 2037 Hours, Eating Out in Jewelry
Helen and Avid were enjoying a spectacular five-course meal at the very expensive, well-below-capacity restaurant of her choice. Helen was wearing her Art Deco jewelry and thoroughly enjoying it as much as she was enjoying the food, even though barely anyone was in the restaurant because of the pandemic, and virtually nobody could see her wearing it.
She had received a reply to her Facebook message earlier in the day. The woman who had previously owned the jewelry was beside herself with gratitude, and mentioned in her message that she was crying for joy. Helen had asked for her permission to wear the jewelry just once before she returned it, and the woman replied with an enthusiastic yes, along with an offer of one thousand dollars to compensate her for what she’d spent on the jewelry, telling her to keep the rest as a reward.
Helen refused the money and when the woman insisted, Helen asked her to please donate it to a suicide prevention organization in Seattle, and to then send her confirmation that the organization had received it. She would send the jewelry to the woman by registered mail in the morning, she assured her. She took a picture of herself wearing it, sent the image to the woman, and then thanked her for letting her borrow it from her. 
The woman had responded with a big “Thank you” gif that exploded with animated hearts. 
“That’s a wonderful thing that you’re doing, Helen. You’ve made her so happy.”
“I was dispatched to return it to her,” Helen said simply. “What else could I possibly do with you looking right at me?” She made a face at him, and he laughed.


Monday, April 26, 2021, Time: 1946 Hours, Diuretics and Their Side-effects
The subjects were due at 8 P.M., as was usual for a Monday. The Heroes were in Dirk’s living room, amusing themselves with games on their Alert screens or fiddling with their smart phones. 
“Would anyone like anything to drink?” Nectar asked from the kitchen. 
“Tea for me please,” Dirk said. 
“Tea all around, I think,” Chad added. Janicyl nodded.
Nectar prepared the tea with the quick drink generator and gave Chad and Janicyl their mugs. Then she went back into the kitchen and dropped a diuretic into Dirk’s tea so his stream of pee would be blue the next time he urinated. She stirred the tea until the diuretic had completely dissolved, tasted just a sip to see if it would pass undetected, and frowned. 
“Dirk, do you want milk and sugar?”
“That sounds good. Yes please.”
She doctored up his tea with milk and sugar. The next sip told Nectar that this iteration of tea with diuretics would definitely pass. She gave the mug to Dirk and then settled back into her chair to enjoy her own tea.
While she was thinking of it, she asked her Alert screen to provide a list of the specific things one should never flush down a toilet. She made a mental checklist of the items she already had, then she reached for her smart phone and ordered the rest from Amazon, to be delivered to an Amazon locker on land.


Tuesday, April 27, 2021, Time: 1003 Hours, Max and the Vulcan Mind Meld Part 2
Max was sitting in the chair looking alert and engaged, and ready for his session. Helen smiled at him, handed him his usual mug of black coffee, and took a seat. He smiled back.
“How are you today?”
“Good!” he answered. “Real good.”
“What did you think of the Vulcan Mind Meld?” she asked.
“It was really trippy,” Max answered. “But I want to try it again, if that’s okay.”
“Excellent! I’d never tried it on anyone before you. You were my first. I’m glad you like that approach because I need the practice.”
“Bring it on,” Max said, chuckling.
This was new, Helen thought. This is not the Max she’d been seeing for two years. She held out her hands, and Max, with no hesitation, placed his hands in hers with a tiny smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
Helen’s eyes unfocused, and she probed. This time it was different. She found confusion. A magnet pulling him off the edge of a cliff. Betrayal. False friend. Misplaced trust. Indoctrination. Meek acceptance. Fear.
She aimed a heart hug at the fear. Max received it with a sigh and a twitch that suggested a smile.
“Sometimes we can’t resolve issues with the people in our lives,” Helen said, “and it haunts us. It can even cripple us. If we can’t face those people directly, we call in surrogates. We find people who are just like those people we can’t face for whatever reason, and we attach ourselves to them, hoping we can finally make things right. But sometimes we really can’t.
Max had a frightened expression this time.
 “Let your father go. Don’t ever try to replace him with someone else because the acceptance isn’t coming, not from him or his surrogate. Don’t try to emulate the surrogate. Don’t let him influence your thoughts and opinions. Don’t let him make you do things you know you shouldn’t do, and don’t want to do. Put up barriers when he tries to influence you, and stand strong. You‘re a good man with bad friends. Pull away.”
Max was stunned and silent, thoughtful, anxious. He twisted in his seat. 
Helen released his hands, and Max nervously placed them in his lap.
“Do you want to talk?” Helen asked.
Max shook his head, and sat for a minute in silence, looking at his hands. Then excused himself and left the room with thirty minutes left on his session. Helen didn’t stop him.
Later in the day he called to cancel his session for the following week.


Tuesday, April 27, 2021, Time: 2033 Hours, Max Cancels 
“What now?” Helen was distraught. “We only had two sessions left, and he canceled the next one. He might not even show up for the last one. What do we do?”
Avid thought about it. This was concerning. It was extremely worrisome to him. He was chewing his cuticles. Failure failure failure.
“We have to trust the words,” he said. “That’s all we can do.” He was reassuring himself as much as Helen.
“It’s his friend. What’s his name?”
“James.”
“His friend is a replacement for his father. He’s still looking for his father’s love and approval, and James is just like his father. James is apparently a real piece of work, evil as hell, and he’s behind everything. Max is just following along to earn his father’s approval in his mind, and he’s never going to get it.” She shook her head. “It’s so frustrating. And now I messed everything up.”
“You did not mess anything up,” Avid reassured them both. “You said the words that came through, that’s all. Blame The Universe. We have to blame The Universe. We only did what we could do. We did the best we could. It will be fine. It will.”
“We never even got to explore his mother. Ye gods. What a mess those parents made with that poor kid.”


Thursday, April 29, 2021, Time: 0954 Hours Nectar Needs a Favor
“Avid, could you please do me a favor?” Nectar was on Avid’s alert screen looking frightened and distraught.
“I would be thrilled,” Avid told her sincerely.
“I’ve had an emergency, and I have to take care of it right now.” Nectar sniffed in distress as if her emergency promised, or had already delivered, tragedy. She was a tragic, helpless figure on Avid’s Alert screen. She was a helpless, tragic figure. “I placed an order for some couture – “
Avid requested a definition for “couture” so he could follow the conversation, then nodded sympathetically at Nectar’s plight.
“ – and I can’t pick it up. I need it by 1500 hours. Could you please help me?” Nectar’s expression looked like a kitten’s, open and trusting. Only Avid could save her. Only Avid could make her purr.
“I would be happy to,” Avid told her.
Nectar sent Avid instructions on where to pick up her couture, and Avid signed off with a wide smile.
He arrived at House of Couture and walked through the door with a bounce in his step. He was assisted by a woman who smiled at him ingratiatingly, then went to fetch Nectar’s custom order. She hung the garments on a rack beside the cash register, covered them snugly with a plastic bag she tied in a knot at the bottom, then asked that Avid pay the balance due of seventeen thousand dollars.
“Happily,” Avid said to her, reaching for his control station-assigned debit card and calculating the twenty percent upcharge for that amount in his head.
The woman ran the debit card, smiled at Avid gratefully, and handed him the garments. Avid left the shop and reached out to Nectar on his Alert screen. He did this solely because it was a critical step in documenting the overall process. He already knew what the resolution would be.
“Nectar?”
Nectar nodded and smiled as he held out the garments for her to see, holding up his smart phone as if he were speaking to someone on Facetime, and aiming his camera away. None of the people on the street saw anything amiss about him.
“I have your clothes. Could you please have seventeen thousand dollars waiting for me when I get there?”
“Of course!” Nectar said. 
“I’ll be over as soon as I can,” he assured her, then ordered an Uber.


Thursday, April 29, 2021, Time: 1354 Hours, Nectar’s Emergency
Nectar answered her door, disheveled and distraught. She was sobbing. She grabbed the clothing from Avid’s hand, wailing, “Emergency!” then closed the door in Avid’s face.
Avid went straight to the bank.


Thursday, April 29, 2021, Time: 2109 Hours, Scanner Description
“What is this ‘scanner’ you’re always talking about,” Helen asked Avid. “I mean, I get what it does, but I’m trying to imagine how it works.”
Avid requested a description from his Alert screen that Helen would understand. His screen displayed an image of a Google Street View car, with a large three-hundred-and-sixty-degree camera affixed to the roof of the car.
“Do you know what Google Street View is?” Avid asked, reading from his Alert screen. Helen nodded. “The scanner is like the cars they use to take three-hundred-and-sixty-degree pictures of all the streets in the world. It’s telling me they do that with ambient radio waves.” Avid didn’t know what ambient radio waves were. He was just reading aloud.
“It says it has something to do with the ambient radio wave cameras your scientists are experimenting with now, but in my time we don’t need the cameras, so it’s invisible. I don’t know how it works. Google ‘ambient radio wave cameras’ and see what you find, but they’ve improved on it for six hundred years so the information you find will be really preliminary. Whatever they do now is beyond my scope, so I couldn’t even understand it to explain it to you. I just know that they input coordinates in our time, then the scanner records everything within those coordinates and lets you view the footage from any angle.”
Helen was Googling “ambient radio wave cameras” on her phone while Avid spoke. When she found it, she listened and read at the same time.
”The area can be as small as a closet or as big as a city. Then you can input a search for ‘living things,’ for instance, and it highlights anything emitting a biological heat source on the image or the video. You can narrow it down to type of living thing if you’re looking for a person or a lost pet, or whatever. You can set the parameters on the search feature however you need to, even drilling down to a specific person. You can also identify objects that don’t belong in that time and place and search for the locations where somebody left them. I think it’s a vibrational measurement of the object? Again, no idea, but there is something different about things that originate in the twenty-eighth century versus earlier in history, and the scanner can zoom in on it.” 
Helen had finished reading the article and looked up while Avid continued.
“We’re supposed to leave all twenty-eighth century items in the control station, and never take them on land, or else be extremely careful when we do. That feature alerts the Time Travel team, which looks out for things like that. If I leave my drink generator behind, I’ll get a notification to come back and pick it up, and then I’ll have to pay a fine for leaving it, just so you know.”
“I couldn’t use it anyway without your implant.”
“Right. So it comes with me. But let’s say we’re looking for a criminal. You enter the coordinates of the scene of the crime, and then enter a range of dates, and the scanner acts like security footage. You can see exactly who did what on scanner images or scanner video. If there’s any question of intent, a Historian who’s working in that time period gets assigned to the exact date and time of the crime, then telepathically watches the scanner footage and telepathically reads the criminal from a distance. Right now that only works if you’re viewing people live at the moment of the crime. You can’t get a telepathic read on someone from security footage after the fact. When we know the intent of the person committing the crime, we can eliminate charges against anyone who did something by accident. Except for carelessness. They’ll get punished for that if it applies, even if the event was unintentional.”
“Nicely done!”
“We like it. Except that there isn’t any aspect of our lives that isn’t archived and just waiting for someone to pull it up and view it. You get used to that, though. In your time people are getting acclimated to living their lives in a fishbowl, like the TV show ‘Big Brother.’ After a while they forget about the cameras and the live Internet streams, and they just live their fake TV lives with millions of people always watching. That’s kind of how we live.”
Helen nodded.
“You all live that way too, if you only knew.”
“Yikes!”
“Especially if you’re historically famous. Some famous people have their entire lives studied and scrutinized from the first trimester of the pregnancy.  Even their parents get the full study long before they’re born. If you’re in any way associated with anyone who becomes historically famous, you’re a scanner star.”
“Huh.”
“Knowing that doesn’t change your life though. You’ve been living under Mitigator scrutiny for weeks without suffering, right? No stage fright?”
“True.”
“You get used to it.”


Friday, May 1, 2021, Time: 1955 Hours, The Jewelry’s Owner 
Helen was checking her email when she opened one from the woman who owned the art deco jewelry. In the email message was a link to a local Seattle news story, a link to a video with a local newscaster telling that story, and a link to a GoFundMe page. The woman wrote Helen a long missive, thanking her, telling her again how grateful everyone in her family was, and expressing her sympathy for the loss of Helen’s son and husband.
She had done some sleuthing to find information about Helen before she called local news outlets to tell them about how she got her heirloom jewelry back. She suggested that Helen forward the links to local news in Washington, D.C. to see if they could keep the momentum to get more money for suicide prevention.
Helen clicked the video link first, and saw the newscaster reading the news while an image of Helen in the fancy restaurant wearing the jewelry displayed behind him. The newscaster told the story of how Helen purchased it on eBay, how she tried to find information about the jewelry online to learn when and where it was made and what company made it, and whether or not she could find a ring to match the set. Then she stumbled on a news story about how a set of jewelry identical to the set she just purchased had been stolen. The owner’s name was in the article, so Helen located her on Facebook and sent her a message. She returned the jewelry the next day, refusing a reward or reimbursement for the purchase, asking only that the woman donate her reward money to a suicide prevention center in Seattle.
“In looking for information about this good Samaritan, Kelly Romano discovered that Helen Anderson’s son had committed suicide. This explained her instructions that Kelly donate the money to a suicide prevention center. Kelly opted to donate the money to the Trevor Project, which provides suicide prevention services to LGBTQ youth, because Kelly’s own son is gay. Then she set up a GoFundMe account to try and obtain more funding in Helen Anderson’s name.”
The image behind him displayed the GoFundMe page, which had an astonishing donation balance.
“Her GoFundMe account has already received forty -seven thousand dollars since only yesterday, surpassing its goal. Donations keep coming in, and we hope that our viewers will take the time to donate a few dollars and save some lives. And now we turn you over to Bill Cooper for sports.” 
Helen craned her neck toward the living room where Avid was watching television.
“Avid!” she screamed. “Come here!”
Avid ran into Helen’s office, where she was frantically pointing to her computer screen. “Holy shit, Avid! Look!”
Avid watched the news story, which Helen replayed from the beginning. 
“Look at what happens when you do the right thing. It spreads...people get happy, lives are saved… Amazing, isn’t it? I think I might have really been dispatched to return that jewelry to her.”
“The Golden Rule is always a good one to follow,” he answered grinning. “We still use it in my time.”
“That’s good to know.” Helen grinned. “She told me to forward her message to local news here. I really think I’m going to. I’m about to be famous!”
She pulled up Google, searched for all the local stations, and forwarded the email to each one in turn, with a lead-in message explaining what had happened, in hopes that one of them would broadcast the story. Later it would broadcast on three live newscasts and seven news websites, and the GoFundMe campaign would be a complete success.


Monday, May 3, 2021, Time 2015 Hours, Max No Shows Again
The Heroes were sitting with James, waiting for Max to arrive. James heard his phone ding, and reached for it in his pocket.
He read the text. “Max can’t make it tonight,” he said. “Let’s just go to the bar.”


Tuesday, May 4, 2021, Time: 2034 Hours, Itching Powder
Nectar told Dirk and Chad in Hinduese that she didn’t want to leave for the sports bar with the subjects just yet because she was feeling a little nauseated. The men were discussing the logistics of the lynching, as they did every Monday and Tuesday evening, and they appeared to be about ready to wrap up that discussion and head out much sooner than she had expected.
Max was there, to everyone’s relief. He didn’t say much or give anyone any eye contact, but he was there.
“Did you ever report this queasiness to anyone?” Nectar asked Dirk. “Remember how you got sick too? I wonder if something is messed up with Medical these days. We’re supposed to be totally immune.” She suddenly looked prepared to vomit, and dashed toward the toilet in Dirk’s en suite. 
But she did not go to the toilet. Instead, she went to Dirk’s dresser, where she found his underwear drawer, and she opened it up.
Just then Dirk burst through the door with concerned eyes, looking around to see if Nectar had already vomited on any of his things in the room that he slept in, or if he had time to head her off before she did. 
He stopped.
“What are you doing in my dresser?” He asked. “Get out of there.”
Nectar looked at him, slightly irritated that she’d finally been caught in the act and had no Plan B. Damn him for being so unbelievably dumb and oblivious that she’d gotten lazy and sloppy.
“What’s that in your hand?
“Nothing.” Nectar held the hand that was holding nothing behind her.
“Let me see.”
“No! Let me go! Ugh!”
Dirk grabbed the can of itching powder from Nectar’s grasp and stared at it.
“You were going to put this in my underwear? Why?”
“You know why,” she hissed.
Dirk was bewildered. He honestly did not know why.”
“I honestly do not know why,” he said. He did not often speak the truth, but there it was: Truth.
“The comments about my ‘nice tits’ and the jokes to the subjects about getting us drunk so we’d have sex with them. You don’t set women up to be raped. You never disrespect a woman. It’s illegal, for starters. You were breaking the law.” She drew in a long hard breath. “And what do you mean, you don’t remember? How do you forget that you committed a crime?”
Dirk barely remembered saying those things, and he still didn’t think they were all that insulting. They certainly couldn’t be criminal, even though he knew on some level that they were. He’d forgotten that too. But still, she should have taken the comment about the tits as a compliment, right? And it was also a compliment when he repeatedly tried to force himself on her, even when she pushed him away. She should be flattered that he found her so attractive. And yet here she was, punishing him for something she should actually be thanking him for.
He raised the can of itching powder and said, “Have you been doing this sort of thing to me since then? That would explain a lot.” The more he thought about it, the more he realized Nectar must have been behind most of what had gone wrong in his life during this assignment. 
How dare she.
“What are you, a psychopath?” he sneered with a curled lip.
Nectar looked down at Dirk from her height of five feet and one-half inches, and raised her eyebrows. 
“I am a woman, Little Man.” She leaned into him with a steely stare. “I am also a professional, here to do a job. You do not denigrate me, or assault me, or serve me up on a platter to other men and then laugh about it. You do not conveniently forget you did those things to me because, for whatever reason – and you can explain it all to me – you don’t seem to view me as being worthy enough to even register on your radar of poor behavior. You don’t even remember doing all that to me.”
“I just forgot,” Dirk said in his own defense. Nectar visibly reacted with an expression and body language that indicated she thoroughly detested him. How could their relationship have gone so wrong, he wondered? 
“Because I’m insignificant?” 
Dirk rolled his eyes and blew air through his lips in disdain. He seemed to rely on disdain a lot in his dealings with Nectar. That was inadvisable.
“You’re always hysterical and overreacting. Calm down. I just forgot.”
Wrong answer. 
Nectar’s face hardened as she geared herself up to address Dirk’s insubordination.
“A mere male will never disrespect me or endanger me without experiencing repercussions. Either you will receive those repercussions from me, or you will receive them from the Mitigators. For the sake of keeping this mission under control and not demanding that the Mitigators swap you out for someone else, I turned to itching powder.” She pointed to the can Dirk was still holding.
Nectar’s face then settled into an expression of searing contempt.
“When a male’s penis distracts him to the degree that it overpowers his judgment and his focus while he is performing his job, that man cannot perform his job satisfactorily because his priorities are divided between his job and his penis. Furthermore, he creates disruption and distress when he imposes his predatory sexual compulsions onto his coworkers. This creates morale problems and a decrease in work volume and quality throughout his work group, undermining the successful completion of his coworkers’ tasks and the ultimate achievement of the group’s goals.”
Nectar had displayed one of the rules that governed sexual harassment in the workplace on her Alert screen and was reading it to Dirk, who was responding with a curled lip. 
“When this occurs, the Mitigators will reassign the man to a job that does not provide sexual distraction. The violator will henceforth only work with the gender to which he is not physically attracted. If he is bisexual or pansexual and shows overpowering on-the-job predatory penile compulsions that distract him with coworkers of any gender, he must work independently, remotely, and alone. In this way the man can regain focus on his job, improve his performance, and improve the job performance of the coworkers he sexually harassed. The Mitigators will replace him in his role with someone who does not have a penis, or someone who has demonstrated zero distractions, reduced job performance, or work group disruption while having a penis in the workplace. Punishment for violators will be determined on a case-by-case basis.”
Nectar had now finished reading the rule to Dirk. 
“I decided to administer those repercussions myself until the Mitigators can enforce this rule on you at the end of this assignment.”
“Was that fun for you?” Dirk asked sarcastically. He rolled his eyes. Again, this was inadvisable. “Lesbian,” he spat. That was a go-to accusation that men used on unwilling women in the nineteen-seventies to persuade them to have sex, and to eliminate any suggestion that the man himself might not be attractive. It held equal weight with “frigid”.
Suddenly Nectar’s five feet and one half inch grew by several inches while Dirk shrank.
“If I am a lesbian, the consequences will be significantly worse for you because there would never be a scenario where I would ever give you my consent, and your predatory attention would be severely undesirable and disruptive to me. Furthermore, it denotes disrespect for a group of people, which is illegal. If I am a lesbian, you just gave me another charge to file against you. So you had better hope that I’m not a lesbian. In the meantime, I’ll let you wonder whether or not I’m a lesbian while you anticipate your punishment.” She teasingly wrinkled her nose at Dirk and gave him a dazzling smile.
Dirk was trying to think of a retort that would stick. “Frigid” had already failed him with her. In the meantime, Nectar continued.
“The Mitigators weren’t intervening because they can’t do anything to you right now or risk killing this mission. So I took it upon myself to handle you alone, but I’ll leave you to the Mitigators after this is over. I have a feeling they’re waiting for you. In the meantime, other laws state that you must show me respect, both as a woman and as a possible lesbian. So that is what you will do. Do you understand?”
He looked at her with no expression. He still didn’t see any problem, rule or no rule, law or no law, and was irritated that Nectar was so sensitive. His job performance was sublime, with or without his harmless flirtations. Ask anyone. 
He bitterly missed the nineteen seventies when women were so much more reasonable. He had spent ten years living in a time and place where women were not only promiscuous (particularly when you lied, flattered, pressured, forced or cajoled them, got them drunk, spiked their drinks, or guilted them into having sex with you), but they understood in every aspect of life that men were in charge. Except for Women’s Libbers and lesbians, the women there all knew their place and were happy with everything. They liked and preferred their men to be men, as Dirk was. When he first showed up in nineteen-seventy, women couldn’t even apply for credit cards without their husbands’ signatures, and they appreciated not having to worry about money. Let’s go back to that, he thought, looking at Nectar. That decade was the best of all possible worlds, he had decided. He wasn’t used to this anymore. It was like being back in school.
“Do you understand me?” She then turned away from him and muttered out loud to herself, “What is wrong with him?”
She turned to face him again.
“I wasn’t going to jeopardize this mission by calling you out, but now I’m filing charges to increase the punishment the Mitigators are going to give you,” Nectar continued. “You’ll get punishment for what they’ve observed you doing, plus punishment for my charges and what I’ll demand as personal compensation.”
There was another inadvisable eye roll from Dirk.
“I’m taking this assignment seriously, even if you aren’t. I thought we could resolve this amicably, with me just making your life a little bit miserable. That might have been enough for me. But you didn’t even remember the time you tried to get me raped and then laughed about it with your friends right in front of me. You were involved in a conspiracy to assault me with people you knew were extremely dangerous, and even that wasn’t enough for you. You then had to insult me by not even remembering that you did that to me, and I do not take kindly to insult.”
“Conspiracy to assault you?” He did another pfft through his lips. However, he stopped himself from telling her to calm down this time. That was an excellent decision.
“When you told the men you were going to ‘liquor us up’ you were conspiring with them to rape us. The intent was clear enough, that you were promising to get two women drunk for the benefit of two assholes, dangling us in front of them and offering us up for sexual favors. That’s a crime, and I am filing charges. I wasn’t planning to before, but I definitely am now.”
“No, it was a joke. I backtracked when you got angry, remember?” It was all coming back to him now... 
It was all coming back to him now. Oops.
“We’ll send a Historian back to do a telepathic read on the subjects and see if they interpreted it as a joke. As I recall – I was there, remember? – as I recall from my telepathic read on those guys, which any other Historian will corroborate, the subjects didn’t think it was funny, and they were hoping to rape both of us, particularly James. Max just ‘liked’ me, and probably wouldn’t have done much, but we can’t be sure now, can we? Neither of us would have consented – you never checked with us before peddling our wares to those assholes – and I don’t think they would have been inclined to be respectful when we said no. James in particular wanted to get Janicyl so drunk that she’d pass out so he could do whatever he wanted to her. And he picked her to rape primarily because she was sitting closest to him. If he couldn’t do it to her, he would have done it to me. I don’t appreciate the risk you exposed me to.”
“I can’t be responsible for how people interpret the things I joke about.”
“You can stop them, though, can’t you. You were there. You would have heard him think it even if you weren’t telepathic because it was so obvious, but you decided your teammates weren’t important enough for it to matter what those two men did to us. Then you determined that we and our safety are so insignificant that you didn’t even need to commit your actions and the subjects’ intentions to memory. You deliberately jeopardized the team on the most high profile mission I’ve ever seen, much less participated in, and you don’t even remember doing it. Maybe you need a brain scan?” 
She did a “pfft” of her own, then continued. 
“Fortunately, Janicyl and I haven’t had any problems with them since we began keeping our distance and stopped paying any attention to them. No thanks to you. You should have stepped up and protected us.”
Dirk laughed out loud at the thought of “protecting” the very formidable Nectar. She did not take that well.
“You aren’t suited for this job,” she snapped. “They’re going to reassign you to some other project, and you’ll be working in a sea of men. Let’s hope they all find you attractive.” 
Nectar had no doubt the Mitigators would do that, for starters. The shock collar alone had told her that Dirk was under intense Mitigator scrutiny. They just couldn’t do anything about him until the mission was complete, and if Dirk pulled down the mission Nectar had no doubt it would mean prison for him. Then he’d surely long for the good old days of only having to deal with overflowing toilets and soapy wine. He should have been grateful for her attempting an approach that had minimal impact, she thought.
“Look, I’m sorry,” Dirk said. Why did she keep talking? She was so irritating, he thought to himself. He got her point. Stop already. Let’s please just move past this. “Just calm down,” he said to her again, irritated. He was back to “calm down” again. He was a slow learner.
“Too late for apologies,” Nectar replied, bristling dangerously at his order for her to calm down. “They’re going to issue a warrant and do a scanner review of your behavior when I file charges. Charges will also include the way you kept trying to force yourself on me. That alone is enough for a conviction. But if you also recall behaving with disrespect toward any other woman at any time since you’ve been here, you’re in big trouble. They’re going to freeze your perks and put you on administrative leave – or prison, we’ll wait and see – in the twenty-eighth century. They probably will anyway. No Saturday Night Fever for you, asshole.”
That last comment hit its target with spectacular, stunning precision. Nectar suddenly had Dirk’s full attention and respect.
“No, please,” Dirk begged helplessly. He must be an extra on the set of Saturday Night Fever. He must. He simply must dance in that movie for all posterity, and to impress the women he had yet to meet. The bank had finally confirmed his reservation back to the filming of the movie and had arranged for him to be on the set, but for some reason he had to wait for approval to go, and approval kept not coming. He had thought it was because of the mission he was working on, but had noticed the other Heroes taking side trips and vacations. Only Dirk was in this holding pattern, waiting. It was not until this very moment that he finally began to understand that he might be in some sort of real trouble.
“The Mitigators have been watching you on live scanner feed this whole time, dumb ass. They even had to give you the shock collar, which should have tipped you off to the fact that they’re evaluating your competence right now, and that you’re in big trouble. I’ve never even seen them use the shock collar on any man past adolescence before.” She curled her lip and glared at him. “What are you, stupid?”
Yes he was, Dirk concurred, stunned. He had to figure a way out of this. 
Dirk suddenly grimaced and grunted in pain. Apparently the Mitigator-on-duty had decided that Dirk required an electrical jolt right now, for no particular reason. He now absolutely understood on a deeper level that he might not ever be able to fix this. 
Seeing the pain on Dirk’s face, Nectar turned and calmly went back into the living room, then later drove everyone to the bar.
From that point forward Dirk treated Nectar humbly, contritely, and with the utmost respect. He was hoping that he could charm her and persuade her to reconsider. 
She filed the charges against him anyway.
Her charges prompted a new law that limited the period of time Historians and Heroes could remain on assignment, anywhere, to prevent the complete and thorough time period acclimation and rejection of their upbringing that Dirk had demonstrated. In addition to other punishments, the Mitigators would ban him from any further travel back to the nineteen-seventies. He could never go home again.


Monday, May 10, 2021, Time: 2231 Hours, End of World, by Helen Anderson
“So I’ve been thinking,” Helen said. “With time travel and the control center, there is no end of the world. Ever.”
Avid looked at her quizzically.
“Hear me out.” She gathered her thoughts. “Say we have some sort of disaster that causes the end of the world. All we have to do is take everyone and send them back in time, right? The world blows up but the people are still alive and safe somewhere in history, living their lives. So society makes its way back to the end of the world again, and they send people back in time again. Infinity. It’s a constant loop, and the world never ends because it’s still operating at some point in time, forever.”
“Interesting concept.” It was interesting, Avid thought. “Well here’s reassurance. The Mitigators can travel into the future. They’re the only ones who can, so they will know, or do know, when the end of the world is. They haven’t sounded the alarm and sent us all back in time. We still have a world in the twenty-eighth century, and the Mitigators are apparently confident that things are going to continue because there isn’t any sense of alarm in my time. We’re still carrying on.”
“But one day they’ll do it like I said, right?” 
“Probably. It’s something to think about.”
“I just bet I’m right.” She sipped her tea thoughtfully. “That’s how I’d handle the end of the world, anyway.”


Tuesday, May 11, 2021, Time: 1037 Hours, Max No Shows Yet Again
Max was a no-show for his therapy session. Helen paced back and forth, frightened, concerned and sorry. It was the last possible chance she would have had to get through to him, and now it was lost. She would need to fret for days – the lynching was on Friday, and this was only Tuesday.
And she knew that Avid would be fretting. The two of them would be basket cases until the mission was over. Avid actually had his freedom at stake – Helen’s failure could send him to prison. She couldn’t possibly live with herself. This was torture.
There was nothing left that she could possibly do. She wanted to cry.


Thursday, May 13, 2021, Time: 1112 Hours, Final Meal
Avid handed the bank representative the receipts.
“The five of us went to dinner to celebrate the end of our mission,” he explained. “We ordered everything, all of us, and had probably six bottles of two hundred dollar wine. It was like a Roman orgy of food in an extremely expensive restaurant. The price of the average entrée was over one hundred dollars, and even the appetizers cost about seventy five dollars each. Chad ordered two. Everyone got dessert. Chad ordered two. Then, on top of the wine they ordered specialty cocktails.”
“Go on,” the bank representative said, watching Avid wipe a finger under his eye and emit a deep sigh with a slow head shake. “I know you’re strong. You can tell me.”
“We ordered everything, as I said. Then, as we were finishing dessert, I left the table to go to the restroom. When I came back, everyone had left me there and the server was waiting for me with the check. The tab came to over two thousand dollars, as you can see.” Avid gestured toward the receipt.
“Closer to three thousand,” the bank representative said, studying the total. “Such a tragedy. I am so sorry.”
“And of course a five hundred dollar tip was insufficient for the exemplary service we received, so I felt compelled to leave a two thousand dollar tip.”
“Indeed. As would anyone.”
Avid nodded solemnly.
“And of course you need compensation for experiencing their cruel betrayal, no doubt?”
“I do.” Avid then sighed and looked down. “The Heroes had never once included me in anything before. Never once.” 
He looked back up at the bank representative, sadly. 
“I thought they wanted to be my friend.”
“Pain and suffering. Terrible. Just terrible.” The bank representative shook his head sympathetically. “I’ll add that in.”
“Thank you.”
“I feel an obligation to approve your request, considering all of the tragic factors you describe. What do you have in mind for your compensation?”
Avid perked up. “Downhill skiing. A week or two in a chalet? Lessons? Fashionable ski wardrobe? Top of the line equipment? Then I’ll see what else appeals to me in addition to that.”
“Of course. I have a number of options for you to examine. Let’s step over here to the Wish Book.”
“Thank you.”


Friday, May 14, 2021, Time: 0847 Hours, Six Flags
Nectar and Janicyl took the Tesla out for one final joy ride, and went to Six Flags America for a few hours on the rollercoasters before they slipped back into character and returned to Dirk’s apartment. 
Nectar did not wear a long dress today, but could still have shown up at a cocktail party and fit in without comment in her dazzling dinner outfit. Janicyl wore a black sports bra under a very expensive oversized silver lame bomber jacket, with slouchy, baggy designer cargo pants rolled up above her ankles, and her hair in stumpy pigtails. She had been online studying 2021 street fashion for the last few weeks and watching Project Runway, and was making an effort. They both wore low heels after consulting with Janicyl’s Alert screen.
They arrived at the park’s opening, and made every effort to see and experience everything they could before they had to leave at 3 P.M. They focused on the thrill rides, ignoring anything that didn’t have a warning for people who were pregnant or had heart conditions. They ate the Dippin’ Dots and the funnel cakes, tried the hotdogs with everything and a side of nachos, and then split a Philly cheesesteak. When they were fed and had ridden everything twice, they returned to Dirk’s apartment to prepare for the event. 
Janicyl parked the car beside the Range Rover in the garage. When Dirk let her in, she placed the key fob on the kitchen island per instructions from the Finance Project. Finance would come afterward to retrieve both cars and all the apartment furnishings, which they would repurpose for other assignments or resell. 
Chad had cleared out his own virtually unused apartment. He left the clothing because he wouldn’t need it anymore, but took some toiletries from the bathroom and anything that originated in the twenty-eighth century. He was now at Dirk’s, where he settled in and watched Dirk pack his belongings into liquor boxes. Chad’s own two boxes were in the gathering pile of Dirk’s belongings.
Nectar had the car running and was waiting outside of the garage entrance door for the other Heroes to gather up and carry Chad and Dirk’s belongings down to the car. She would take them to the travel pod pickup location so Dirk and Chad could transport everything back. The two men would unload it at the control station, then quickly return for their meetup with the subjects at the sports bar at 6 P.M. Nectar and Janicyl would be waiting for them, snacking on buffalo wings and fries, and sipping virgin cocktails.


Friday, May 14, 2021, Time: 1745 Hours, Find Max
Chad and Dirk ran into James outside of the sports bar as they were all about to enter it. James couldn’t reach Max, he said. Should they go to his place and see what was going on?
Chad and Dirk had a quick telepathic discussion about Max’s behavior before Chad shrugged and said to James, “He’s probably just in the shower. Let’s grab the ladies and go get him.”
The telepathic conversation resumed. This could potentially be urgent. Which plan do you want to follow? Dirk asked. Chad displayed his Alert screen and asked for Max’s exact location so they could avoid wasting any time. The response was that he was at home. He’s at home, Chad told Dirk. Both Chad and Dirk exchanged looks, then went in to fetch Nectar and Janicyl so they could head to Max’s house immediately. 


Friday, May 14, 2021, Time: 1801 Hours, Max Balks
Max answered the door looking disheveled and sleepy because he had taken anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medication with two shots of Tequila. The doorbell and then the pounding on the door roused him from a short nap on his couch.
Chad and Dirk had left James in the car. They both telepathically heard Max prepare to tell them that he was ill and couldn’t join them this evening, so Chad grabbed one arm and Dirk grabbed the other. Dirk thought to close the front door before they dragged Max down the steps and shoved him into the back seat of the Range Rover. Dirk went around the car and sat down beside him. Chad was in the front seat with Nectar, and turned slightly so he could keep an eye on Max. 
Janicyl, sitting in the far back of the vehicle beside James, kept a close watch from behind, just in case.
Nectar followed her GPS to the parking lot where James had left his van, dropped him off, and then kept driving toward the homeless shelter with James following behind. Max sat slumped over, staring at his phone. When they approached a red light, the Heroes all heard Max planning to open the car door and jump out as soon as it stopped. Nectar quietly set the child locks so that Max couldn’t open the door, and slowed to a stop.
Max surreptitiously tried the door handle as the car waited for the green light, then fell back in his seat, defeated.
The subjects had prowled Washington, D.C. for months looking for potential opportunities and potential victims. If the men they chose were homeless they probably wouldn’t be missed, so Max and James felt their chances of getting away with the crime increased. They settled on one particular homeless shelter, and studied the flow of traffic in and out of it for weeks, looking for nearby secluded or hidden places where the homeless might go to do drugs or deal drugs, or even to just have a private moment to enjoy a cigarette. 
Max and James had taken note of which ones slipped away to use drugs, so they knew they had a probable lure to get them into the car. They had come prepared with a variety of drugs to use as that lure. They focused on the men who seemed the most strung-out and desperate so it would be easier to lure them. They identified several, and in the original continuum had found four of these in the alley, smoking, at 2002 Hours.
James had a utility van with no windows. He pulled away from the Range Rover and parked the van in the vicinity of the homeless shelter in full view of anyone. Nectar circled back around and pulled up behind the van and stopped, then put the vehicle into Park, but kept it running.


Friday, May 14, 2021, Time: 2310, The End of the Mission
It was going on right now, in this moment. Four Black men were being lynched in a field in rural Virginia with the Heroes at the helm and, hopefully, in control. Joseph D’Andre McKenna may or may not be the fifth victim, depending on how well the Heroes performed. After weeks of work and effort and worry, it was terrifying to think that Avid might have failed the Heroes and their mission. 
Avid and Helen sat together on the couch without saying much as both of them silently obsessed over the situation, what each of them had done up until this moment, and how it was transpiring. Would the Heroes pull it off? Were they saving the world? Had Avid done enough to assist them? Was Helen’s therapy enough? This was job stress.
Avid was visibly unsettled and nervous. Helen watched him sympathetically but warily, remaining silent because she knew better than to offer him platitudes. She had her own internal demons that she was trying to fend off. Failure. Failure for both of them. This went beyond words, and she knew there was nothing she could say. She reached over and patted his hand and sighed while they both watched a show on her television, unseeing and unaware of what was being broadcast for their entertainment. 
They had wine they barely touched. Instead, they reached for coffee. Avid kept chewing his cuticles. They sat like statues, staring ahead, stiff and waiting.
And waiting.
At 2343 hours the Alert screen displayed a flashing green message, “Mission Successful”. The color green almost didn’t register with Avid. In his frequent nightmares the screen was always flashing red, underscoring his own failed role in the effort and sending him to prison. But it was green. All he could read was “Mission Successful” and take note of a link to the report with a more detailed description of what had happened and a brief outline of where the integrity of the continuum stood, now that the mission was complete. It all hit him suddenly and he was afraid to open the link just yet. He gasped for breath because he had been holding it this whole time.
“Mission Successful,” he said to Helen. “It’s done. They did it. I helped them, and you helped me, so we all did it.”
Helen’s head shot around and she grabbed his shoulder to shake it. “They did it? They did it?”
“They did it!” `
Helen hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek so hard it left a bruise. Avid was giddy.
“What happened? What does it say?”
“I’ll read it now.” Avid’s eyes fixed themselves on the link. Pausing through one trembling heartbeat, he caressed the link with his eyes, then gave the command to open it. As it opened, he shut his eyes tight. Then he opened them again and looked. A detailed description of tonight’s events displayed. Avid read it silently, growing more and more confused, and then stunned.
Helen watched him with impatient excitement until he turned to her with a look of astonishment and wonder.
“What does it say?” she asked.
“It’s the official report. It says I wasn’t the backup for the Heroes. It says that they were the backup for us. It says that you and I did this, not the Heroes. We saved the continuum. You and I. We did it, not the Heroes. It was us.
“What?” Now Helen was stunned.
Avid returned to the report, which stated that the hundreds of continuum projections the Mitigators had run at the beginning of the mission had determined that pairing Avid with Helen resulted in a projected 98.7% success rate in putting the continuum back in order. No other pairing of Historians with people close to Max or James gave a projection above 53%. No other scenario or combination of players had even been under consideration, once the Avid/Helen pairing displayed. 
“I’m afraid you’re it,” Vendi had told him. He’d had no idea the degree to which she meant that.
The Heroes were there to ensure that the final 1.3% of risk was managed properly, and they successfully did that. This was not to diminish their efforts, but their success was largely due to the fact that Max had lost interest in lynching Joseph or anyone else after experiencing Helen’s heart hug and Vulcan Mind Meld therapy. Helen’s therapy had reached him in a way that nothing else could have because Avid had patiently taught her how to reach him, and she had willingly learned. 
Just two therapy sessions had been enough.
There was a caveat with that projection, which is why the Mitigators had been so closely involved, listening to every word of their conversations. When the Mitigators ran the projection and entered a variable that made Avid aware of how critical his role was, the probability of success dropped to 24.5%. Therefore it was essential that everyone hide the critical importance of Avid’s role from him until the mission was complete. Everyone who was aware of the mission and its possible dire consequences was ordered to reassure Avid that the Heroes were the critical players in the mission, and that Avid was just their backup. If he were to have found out that everything depended on him, the mission would quite likely have failed. 
The Mitigators had been chewing their own cuticles, preparing themselves to leap in and lie to him about his participation in the project if he showed even the smallest indication of understanding his real role. They had an entire plan in place to manage his anxiety, and a therapist on standby if it came to that. All of the Mitigators had role played and practiced their plan in case they needed to use it. But they fortunately did not.
That explained why everyone who was familiar with the mission had kept pointing out to Avid that he was “only backup.” He had thought it was a little odd and a just little insulting, if you think about it, that everyone always pointedly telling him that he was just an “also-ran” in the mission. Everyone said that to him throughout the entire effort. When Avid thought back, he realized that all of those people had been blocked at the time they’d said it. The fact that absolutely nobody involved in the mission would permit him to read them should have raised his suspicions, but it didn’t. 
“We need to work more on your confidence and self-esteem,” Helen said to him fondly, ruffling his hair. “Does it tell you what happened at the lynching? I don’t want the details, please, just an overview.”
“Right.” Avid skimmed the report and paraphrased it all for Helen.
Chad and Dirk knew which four men had died in the original continuum, and when the Heroes arrived at the homeless shelter they needed to make certain that their group only snatched those specific men. To ensure that no mistakes were made they asked Max and James to wait for them behind the van as lookouts, and keep the rope and duct tape ready to hold the men down when the Heroes returned with them. 
The Heroes wandered into the alley where the four men were sharing a cigarette as they had in the original continuum, just where James and Max first found them. Chad offered a lit joint to them, then charmingly joked and laughed with them for a little while. 
Dirk had telepathically determined their drug of choice (he had brought a variety). It was meth, so he casually said he had some in the car, and offered to share. 
“You have crank?” one of the men had asked. 
Dirk said yes, and led them to the van. Just like that the four men willingly walked to their doom. Chad followed behind everyone to make certain none of the victims wandered away.
They opened the back door to the van. Dirk climbed in first. The men followed, and were greeted by Max and James, who were pointing guns. The Heroes grabbed and shoved the victims into the back of the van, hogtied them, stuffed their mouths with rags then duct taped them shut while James cocked his gun and glared. Max listlessly aimed his gun at the men without showing much enthusiasm, frequently looking away. When the men were satisfactorily roped and tied, James climbed into the driver’s seat and programmed his GPS to drive to James D’Andre McKenna’s address.
But Max said no. 
“We need to get away right now,” Max insisted. “We’ll get that little prick next time.” In reality, he no longer had the stomach for it, after his sessions with Helen. In fact, he no longer had the stomach for any of this. He was going through the motions because he did not know what else to do, or how to get out of it in that moment. It didn’t register with James that something was odd about the way the Heroes had assumed control of the lynching, and it didn’t register that Max was no longer really participating. The energy and enthusiasm of the Heroes drew his attention away from Max.
Chad and Dirk agreed with Max. No time. No need. He was a little punk. Who cared? Just a kid. Not even worth the trouble. Too much to worry about as it was. Let’s get the hell out of here before anyone saw them. Now. Drive now. Go.
Without waiting for James to object, the Heroes hopped out of the van, pulled Max after them, and slammed the van door shut. Then they climbed into the Range Rover, where Nectar put the vehicle into Drive, and drove.
A half-hidden witness none of them saw took note of the utility van’s paint design that displayed his company name, just as she had done in the original continuum, and took down the license plate number of the Range Rover. She then called the police and reported the kidnapping of four men from the shelter and gave all the information she had, including a description of the kidnappers. The police would never track the owner of the Range Rover, who had paid cash for the vehicle and appeared not to exist. However, they would ultimately locate the van.
“Pull out of here like lightning,” Chad told Nectar in Hinduese as she began to pull away from the curb. “Get out in front of James.”
Grumbling but overruled, James followed the Range Rover, which screeched out of there so quickly that it overtook the van and kicked up dust from the concrete road. The Heroes wanted to ensure that James was following them and would not lead the way to Joseph’s house, in case he planned to buck their dissension and regain control. But James himself agreed that it wasn’t worth it, and pulled away from the curb to drive to the field in Fairfax, not even thinking about making the side trip to Joseph’s house, considering the way things had turned out. This was just as the Heroes had hoped and planned.
In the van, the four men were face down on the floor, shaking, letting out muffled screams. One of them wet himself. Two of them were weeping. They had their hands tied to their ankles behind them, so they rolled and bumped on the floor of the van every time they hit a bump or took a sharp turn. James just drove on, not paying attention to the sounds of distress in the back.
In the Range Rover it became clear to the Heroes that Max was not going to cooperate anymore. He asked Nectar to stop and let him out, saying he was done. She had already locked the passenger door again so he could not get out. He fell back in his seat, slumping, staring out the window. 
Chad coldly told Max to stop being such an asshole. 
Nectar kept driving.
Max continued sullenly staring out of the window, hunched over throughout the entire drive to Fairfax.
They didn’t need Max. The Heroes had studied the wounds and the abuse Max had performed on the men in the original continuum, and were prepared to replicate every injury, just exactly as Max had inflicted it. James would do the rest. 
The event was gruesome and unfathomable, just as it was supposed to be. It was gruesome enough and unfathomable enough to earn James life in prison, which was everyone’s goal. Chad and Dirk allowed Max to stand at the sidelines and look away because it didn’t matter whether or not he participated. James would implicate him as a co-conspirator, so even though he had not done anything beyond the planning stages, he would die while awaiting trial, just as he had in the original timeline. His failure to kill did not affect the continuum at all.
Avid read that line to himself but did not tell Helen, that Max was going to die in a few weeks, because it would happen in Helen’s future, and she couldn’t know.
The ladies had waited in the vehicle as the lynching occurred, and played no role in the event. When the mission was successful, they drove back to Dirk’s apartment where Nectar left the Range Rover for pickup by someone from the Finance Project, and placed its key fob on the kitchen island, as Janicyl had already done with the Tesla’s. Then they all immediately returned to the control station. Since both Heroes had cleared out their personal items earlier in the day, they never needed to return again. 
The Heroes could no longer go on land in this time and place because James and Max had once taken pictures of them with their phones, which would soon be confiscated. Chad and Dirk would be wanted men from this point forward. 
Nectar and Janicyl would be wanted for questioning. The police were searching for an interpreter who spoke whatever the language was in Kazakhstan so they would be prepared when and if they located them.
Within four hours the police tracked the utility vehicle to one of the Stoughton tobacco farms and turned their attention to James as a person of interest, confiscated his phone, accessed its history and followed the GPS route he had taken to the field, where they discovered the bodies.
Chad’s report mentioned how sloppy their planning had been, considering how many weeks they had spent planning. The Heroes could not offer ideas or suggestions during their meetings, so they just listened and watched, and encouraged them to take whatever ill-conceived approach they came up with, marveling at the degree to which Max and James had set themselves up to be caught from the very beginning. 
James used his own company’s vehicle and carried his own phone, instead of abandoning an untraceable van and using a throwaway device for the GPS, so his route tracking history was intact. So was his child porn. He had removed the license plates, but the van still displayed the company name. Furthermore, James had stopped for gas at a nearby station that had security footage of him getting out of the vehicle to fill it up with gas. That was the mistake that caught him because it was clearly him on the footage, and not another employee. It all led the police to the Stoughton tobacco farm, where several employees identified James as the figure in the grainy gas station security footage, resulting in James’s arrest.
Furthermore, the men didn’t even think to park the van in a less open location or have one of them stand watch for witnesses. Instead, they posed with their guns in the back of the windowless van, out of which they could not see. 
“Unbelievable,” Chad wrote with disdain.
The Heroes were not concerned about protecting themselves, and they could not interfere with the continuum by evading any witnesses, which was how the men were caught in the original continuum. They were just doing their job and didn’t care who saw them. But the subjects…
James and Max had to have been on the outside of the van in the original continuum to lure the men into the van, Chad continued in his report. He guessed when they did have the chance to spot witnesses the first time, they never bothered to look around because the same person had reported them during both versions of the event. They both just probably felt that punishment didn’t happen to people of their wealth and social class, and because of that they were lazy. Or maybe they were idiots, like he’d said before. Either way, they had not earned Chad’s respect. The eye roll in Chad’s report was palpable.
The Finance Project resold the Range Rover and the Tesla as “low mileage vintage vehicles in pristine condition” forty years in the future, making a tidy profit. They also scanned the apartment buildings for a sufficient period of time when they could move about undetected, then cleared out everything, deactivating the security cameras first. They sold both of the condos, all the furnishings, and the $40,000 light show showerheads. Proceeds from the sale went to an untraceable corporation with an address that was a P.O. Box.
James threw his legal team into motion. They were looking for a plea deal, so they advised James to plead guilty and then implicate Max, even though he did not participate. 
He also implicated Chad and Dirk, who would be on the FBI’s Most Wanted List for many years, evading capture. Because of this the Heroes would not be assigned back to the United States until decades had passed. The FBI would never find them or any trace of them under the names and addresses that James provided. Both apartments were empty when the police went to investigate, and the building managers could not provide any security footage, traceable names, or forwarding addresses. Again, the Heroes had paid in cash. Then they left without notice.
Nectar and Janicyl kept the clothes, the shoes, and the handbags, and would leave with four large wheeled suitcases each, instead of three.
Three of the Heroes had already received their new assignments and would all be leaving for other times and other places in the morning. Dirk would be going home to face the Mitigators. None of them would think to say goodbye to Avid, who was relieved. They also would not think to say goodbye to each other.
Joseph D’Andre McKenna, who had been in his bedroom that evening studying for a Civics final, would pass the exam with an A. The following year he would begin taking college courses in addition to his high school courses, earning college credits for the next two years. Then he would receive a full four-year scholarship to Harvard, where he would graduate with a 4.5 grade point average and then continue on at Harvard Law. Projections showed him following his original life path and dying in his nineties of natural causes. Disaster had been averted.
“Poor Max,” Helen said. “I’m so sorry for that poor kid. He was finally making progress.” She looked emotional and wiped away a tear. “Poor kid. I’m so sad for him.” She covered her face in her hands, and then stood to hurriedly go up to her room and shut the door without saying goodnight to Avid.


Saturday May, 15, 2021, Time: 1503 Hours, Helen Grieves
Helen looked haggard at three in the afternoon, as if she hadn’t had any sleep. Avid didn’t know when she had woken up, if she had slept at all, because she hadn’t come out of her room until just now. While she was dressed, more or less, she wasn’t as put together as he was used to seeing her. She was wearing sweat pants and an old t-shirt, no makeup and her hair wasn’t styled. He had never seen her look so disheveled before.
Avid was watching a movie on Netflix when she wandered into the kitchen and grabbed the quick drink generator from a drawer. She pulled a mug from one of the cabinets, filled it with water and wordlessly walked over to Avid, who took the items from her hands and made her now-favorite tea beverage, which he handed to her. She nodded thanks, and plopped down on the couch beside him, looking at the television without actually watching it.
Avid didn’t say anything to her because he knew she wanted company but no conversation. He returned to watching the movie, monitoring her mood as he watched. She was bereft over Max Richmond. All her work, she thought. Everything she had worked toward, to keep him from killing Joseph, had been futile because the end result was the same. Four men were dead, Max had already been taken into custody with James, the story was all over the news nationwide, and there was nothing she could do to save him.
Avid couldn’t think of anything he could say to make her feel better. Explaining to her that it happened the way it had to would not console her. He was not privy to information regarding the disaster that Joseph’s death would have triggered, but he knew that the attention the Anomaly had received at the control station and the crisis mode it had caused were clear indications that it would probably have been catastrophic. He didn’t need to think about it because the crisis had been averted. He was simply sad for Helen that she could only focus on Max right now. 
Vendi popped up on his Alert screen. 
“Hey hotshot,” she said smiling. “Good job.”
Avid smiled back and thanked her. 
“I have some information to disseminate to you. Can you talk?”
Avid nodded his head and got comfortable. Helen glanced at him when he began speaking to his Alert screen, then looked back at the television, still unseeing.
“Perks for life, Avid. You have the bank account of a Hero now. You also have the rights to Hero living accommodations, including furniture. Congratulations.”
“Really?” Avid liked living in a Hero apartment, he was just unwilling to pay for one. This was great news. She was describing more perks than he had ever heard of anyone receiving for a single mission. He was more and more curious about the disaster they’d averted, just based on the way they were treating him now.
“The Mitigators would like to thank Helen for her contribution to the success of the mission. We can’t give her perks, but we can give her health care for life. We’ll send a doctor to check on her once a year and more often if she needs it. She can also get unlimited psychotherapy. She’ll be excited about that. Tell her we would do more if we could, and if she can think of anything else we can actually do for her, she should just let us know. Tell her we mean that.”
Avid turned to Helen. “The Mitigators are giving you healthcare for life, Helen! And psychotherapy! As much as you want! They really appreciate what you did, so they’re sending a doctor to you once a year and whenever you need one.”
Helen turned to him with a look of astonishment. Then she smiled. “Tell them thank you so much! Ask when can I have my first therapy session, okay?” She flexed her muscles. “Tell them I feel wonderful, and thank you again for the doctor visit! It was all unbelievable!”
Vendi instructed Avid to grab a pencil and write down a phone number. “Tell Helen to send a text message to this number whenever she feels ill or wants to make an appointment for therapy. Also whenever she needs anything we can possibly give her or do for her. It goes to the head of Medical at the control station, and she’ll arrange everything for her. From now on Helen can send texts to a local doctor from her phone. This doctor will be just as good as the one she saw before though, tell her.”
Avid got up and fished for a pen and paper in Helen’s office, wrote down the number on a Post-it note and stuck it to Helen’s computer screen. Then he walked back to the living room, carrying Vendi with him twelve inches in front of his face.
“I put the number on your monitor, Helen. Send a text to that number any time you feel sick or want some therapy. Or anything else, Vendi said. And don’t be a martyr. They absolutely want to do this for you, okay? It’s the only way they can repay you for everything you did.”
“Promise.” Helen’s mood had lifted considerably now. She was now facing Avid, watching him impatiently for the rest of the information he was receiving, excited for both of them. 
Vendi continued relaying her list of items. 
“You have unlimited visits to Helen with partial clearance to interact, and you won’t have to use your perks to do it. You can speak to anyone in Helen’s household, including Nelda and her wife, but you’re going to spew Hinduese if you try to speak to anyone else without special clearance.”
Avid was happy about that, and turned to Helen to share the news. “I can come visit you whenever I want. I’ll still come for Game Night every week, and your birthday, and Mother’s Day, whatever holidays you want, and we can travel together when you get vacation time. I’ll even leave all of my clothes in the guest room, if you’ll let me.”
She clapped her hands with excitement, then covered her mouth and burst into tears. She had been bracing herself for Avid’s departure now that the mission was complete, trying to measure the hole in her life that would be there after he left. This was wonderful news to her. Avid leaned over and hugged her while Vendi stayed silent in the background, watching until they were finished.
“One last thing,” Vendi said in a solemn voice. “They told me to tell you that if you weren’t male, they would nominate you to be a Mitigator. They can’t circumvent the laws so it can’t happen right now, but they wanted you to know how much they appreciate you. If the laws change in your lifetime, you’ll be automatically nominated.”
Avid stared with his jaw slowly dropping open. “Say that again?”
Vendi smiled. “If you were female, you would be nominated to possibly become a Mitigator. Congratulations. You now rank with the Educators. They were extremely impressed by the way you taught Helen so successfully – they honestly didn’t think it was possible because of her insufficient brain makeup – and they would like to train you to teach Advanced Telepathy. That means the Heroes won’t mess with you anymore. Good news, right?”
Avid turned to Helen, whose tears had dried while she attempted to read his face. He was too stunned to speak. Helen was getting more and more impatient.
“If I weren’t male, she said, they would nominate me to be a Mitigator. Vendi just told me that. Can you believe it?” Avid waited for her to jump for joy because he was nearly unable to contain his own. Instead, she stared at him thoroughly confused.
“What do you mean, if you weren’t male? What does that have to do with anything?”
“It’s against the law to hold a leadership position if you’re male. They set up the law to make certain that all males are correctly educated before they permit them to be leaders again. The law expires in two hundred and fifty years, so until then ‘Educator’ is as far as we can go.”
“Why two hundred and fifty years?”
“We have an average lifespan of about one hundred and twenty years in my time. Male leadership is still in living memory, and it still will be for quite some time. They don’t want that to influence the leadership style of males coming up through the ranks. So they’re waiting for all of us to die and for the next generation to be properly trained before they let men lead again. They probably don’t need the full two hundred and fifty years, but they wanted to make sure.”
Helen stared at him. “The Mitigators are women?” Helen was trying to process this information and was having a difficult time. 
“Yes of course. I thought it was obvious or I would have said something. I mean, they sent you heart emojis and cupcakes. Good grief, Helen.”
Thinking back it all made sense to Helen. She had pictured them all as old white men, even though the Mitigator names she’d heard every day when each Mitigator-on-Duty introduced herself were from every culture around the world, which meant they were every race and nationality. She was unable to discern the gender sometimes from the foreign names they all seemed to have, but she thought that Mitigators were all exceptionally…nice…for men in charge. They had never been dismissive, or condescending, or insultingly placating, or impatient and superior. They had never tried to manipulate her into an inferior position in any of their admittedly indirect dealings, or ignored her and made her voiceless. Maybe that alone should have tipped her off. 
No. The pregnancy simulator should have tipped her off. She was losing her edge, she thought ruefully.
Vendi was still on Avid’s screen, watching the conversation. “I’m going to sign off now. You can explain it all to Helen. You know which information you can’t divulge, and I trust that you won’t do that. We’ll alert you if you get too close to telling her things she can’t know. Just keep everything at an overview level without going into much detail, and you should be fine. I’ll talk to you later at the control station here. We’re setting you up to arrive tomorrow. Clear out your things and pack them for shipping. You’ll need to have a meeting with the other Educators, and they’ll walk you through the paces and the paperwork. Then, after that conversation you’ll be back on automatic scanning. The Mitigators won’t be monitoring you live anymore.”
“Holy shit,” Avid breathed, edging toward a panic attack. ‘Educator’ was something he had never aspired to in his life. It was completely unexpected and completely out of his scope. He was never going to be able to pull it off. They were crazy to promote him to Educator. What were they thinking? He began to worry and fret.
“You have to stop that, Avid. Let Helen fix your self-esteem issues before you show up for training. I mean that. Tell her it’s an order. Then come here knowing you deserve this. No more of this whiney baby crap.”
“Okay. Will do.” He was gnawing at a cuticle. “Thanks, Vendi. Talk to you later.”
Vendi grinned, flashed him the two-fingered peace sign, and shut the screen.
“You have to fix my self-esteem, she said. It’s an order. They’ve promoted me to Educator. I have no idea where or when my assignment will be, but I have to go home to the twenty-eighth century for training.” He shook his head as if it were all unbelievable.
“You’re going to be a teacher? That’s so nice! Won’t you miss traveling though?”
“It’s more than ‘nice.’ It’s only one ranking below Mitigator. In fact, they draw most of the Mitigators from the Educator pool. Most of the Mitigators we’ve worked with were teachers at one time. Some of them go back to teaching when their twenty-year terms are up.”
Helen read on his face that twenty-eighth century Educators didn’t need to go to Dollar Tree to purchase school supplies out of their own money for their students. They didn’t have to secretly pay off overdue lunch fees in school districts that humiliated the children and let them go hungry when their overdue amount was too high. They didn’t have to fight for pay raises that would enable them to teach without having to work second and third jobs as restaurant servers or shop clerks. They didn’t have to leave the profession and switch to careers that allowed them to pay their bills. In Avid’s time they belonged to the Leadership social class, and had everyone’s respect, judging from Avid’s expression. 
Shifting her thoughts on the “teacher paradigm” would take some mental adjusting, but Helen could certainly do that. In fact, it made her heart sing.
“Vendi told me I could give you background information on why the Mitigators are all women.”
“Please do.” Helen was rapt. She held up one finger, ran to the kitchen for water, ran back, then held out her mug for another cup of tea. Avid obliged. Helen sat down and then nodded for him to continue.
Where to begin? It all began with the very things that he could not tell Helen, so he had to begin somewhere in the middle. Or maybe he could lump it all into a generalized statement that would bridge the gap to the middle part, and then he could begin explaining it all to her from that point on.
“The world’s leaders made a mess,” Avid began. “It was a very big mess, and someone needed to fix it. Officials from the various governments teamed up and had focus groups with social scientists and all kinds of experts who figured out that toxic masculinity was at the root of the mess. They’d found that training didn’t help because men always reverted to their old habits of mess-making whenever they were given free rein to lead but were not constrained in how they led, or were not constrained enough. It was a combination of deeply ingrained cultural tradition all over the world, and the innate nature of some males to use their alpha position to bully and dominate and to be self-serving, and these were precisely the males who sought and won – or took over – leadership roles. That alpha male behavior is pretty consistent in nature for a lot of species, and you see it all throughout world history.”
“Makes perfect sense,” Helen commented. “Go on.”
“So they gave up on an entire generation of men and banned them from holding leadership positions. Then they extended the ban to the generation after that one, and then the generation after that. They passed laws that prohibit men from being in world leadership roles for two hundred and fifty years, like I said. They wanted to rule the world with feminine energy instead of masculine energy for the very first time because the computer projections indicated that it was the best course of action. If I recall correctly, the projections actually said it was the only course of action to get out of the mess and prevent it from happening again.” 
“So they put all the men in timeout?” Helen threw her head back and laughed until she began choking. She gasped for breath. “All the men in your world are in timeout? Oh my God. I’m dying. This is so hilarious!” 
Her mirth had to subside at some point because it was exhausting her. She panted, grinning widely, occasionally letting out a shriek and laughing again. Finally, she calmed down.
“Even female leaders usually patterned their behavior after the men’s behavior, so lots of them exhibited the same toxic leadership traits as the men. What you see here in your world never really gets entirely better. Lots of these leaders are psychopaths, by the way. Narcissists and psychopaths. I learned that from my History classes, but you probably already knew it. If not, you can Google it. New men take leadership roles and follow in the footsteps of the men who led before them, lots of them psychopaths, like I said, and they emulate them for the next six hundred years or so, shooting for the same goals of winning and domination, and self-aggrandizement. Most people don’t thrive anywhere, under these leaders, except for the people at the top of the heap. And women try to emulate them in order to succeed.”
Helen nodded. 
“So, the toxicity was systemic. Then it resulted in a big mess. The focus group spent several years running emergency computer projections, looking for a better way to run the world. At about that time a group of Educators took the helm to try and stem the chaos – and really, nobody wanted to take the helm at that point. It was a crazy mess. They teamed with the experts and the social scientists, declared a temporary unified world state with the control stations managing things at a local level in the interim, then stripped all countries of their statehood so nobody had allegiance to any country anymore. We all became one world, following one set of international and inter-time laws. 
“Their first recommendation after that was that we have a shift in focus for Educators to educate all the children so the next generations of leaders would know how to lead without making messes. The educational system was completely stripped and rebuilt. The focus group’s next recommendation was that they screen all leaders for psychopathy. In fact, they recommended that the leaders all be empaths instead, which is why you got your cupcakes. They called those leaders the ‘Mitigators’ because that was exactly what they were put into place to do: mitigate the mess and pull us out of it.”
“Mommy is in charge now, and Daddy is in the doghouse. I am literally dying.”
“That’s pretty true, actually, about Mommy being in charge. Most of the Mitigators are mothers too. Sometimes they treat us all like we’re their children. On top of that, they’re mostly all teachers, so they have own set of behavioral modification strategies, if you remember your own school years. You were a witness to the way they hovered over me, right? It was humiliating sometimes, but I got used to it, I guess. The rumor is that they’re planning to let go of that control and let us all breathe a little more once they successfully shift the social norms and train everyone to behave. We’re only about fifty years into the first phase of the rebuilding, so the rules have to be strict and they have to strictly enforce them until the behaviors the Mitigators want from everyone are ingrained in the culture. They want to completely overwrite the old world order, permanently. But even with all the rules and the close monitoring nobody wants to go back to the way it was. It’s much better now for everyone, even the men.”
“So how did they get the men to agree to this? Didn’t they revolt or something?”
“The world leaders all knew what they’d done, but they had no idea how to fix it. They were pretty defiant at first, to be honest. None of them ever thought about changing the world order because that would threaten their own positions, which was really their primary concern overall, not the wellbeing of the people they led. They could use the tools in their arsenal to destroy, but they didn’t know what they were supposed to use to rebuild, or even where to begin. They’d always only depended on the tools they were used to using, and some of them had never looked at anything else.”
“That’s when you call Mom.”
“Exactly. There was a lot of shame and embarrassment and finger pointing, lots of excuses and lies. ”But ultimately they were in charge, and they were responsible. We had scanner footage to prove it. They all ended up in prison, with only a few exceptions. There were a few peacekeepers who meant well and had genuinely tried to be reasonable and stop the mess before it happened. Those leaders weren’t punished and they’re still around working at some job or another, if they’re still alive. But most of the old school world leaders can now only talk to people when they’re performing community service. They all got life sentences. Now students study them, to learn about their leadership failures and compare them with the new leadership tactics the Mitigators use. We view them the way you view Hitler.
“How far the mighty have fallen, eh?”
Avid nodded. “They all live in one-room windowless apartments and wear badges to warn people not to approach them. They can’t go anywhere without people staring at them, laughing at them or taunting them. You aren’t supposed to do that, but the Mitigators don’t stop you with those people. They’re notorious and everyone hates them. We consider them all to be criminals, which of course they are.”
“Hmm. Go on.”
“But I think a lot of their willingness to turn things over to the women was based on malice. They held this mindset that only men knew how to handle leadership, and if they’d failed nobody else could possibly find a way out. Certainly women couldn’t fill their role, they thought. So they handed off the reins to the women with a lot of spite, hoping and expecting them to fail and prove them right so they’d be vindicated. But they partly did it because they were thoroughly beaten. Some just gave up because you can’t feel good about yourself or expect anyone to take you seriously after you deliberately burn your own house down, like an idiot.”
Avid continued his story, describing how the focus group created the founding charter bylaws and structured the new world order around the same kind of corporate model in use during Helen’s time, except that they eliminated the CEO and just had the Mitigators work together as the Board of Directors. 
The Educators then took over and went through a process of screening people for leadership roles. They looked for high intellectual and emotional intelligence. Nominees had to fall high on the scale for empaths, so people scoring low on the scale – and psychopaths – were completely excluded from consideration. They looked for extremely smart women who had demonstrated high levels of skill and good judgment in their careers, and who demonstrated an ability to punish fairly and stand their ground without buckling under manipulative pressures, such as threats, pleading, or tears, or reacting to those pressures with vengeance. But they also wanted them to not use a nuclear approach or a “one size fits all” approach for minor infractions. In short, they were essentially looking for good mothers and good teachers who could be stern but fair. 
Following the agreed-upon founding charter bylaws the group had constructed, the Mitigators led without making people feel they were being bullied or forced. They made every possible effort to ensure fairness for everyone, doling out fair compensation to those who experienced unfairness. They provided a lot of positive feedback and encouraged everyone else to offer positive feedback all throughout the ranks, and they did not permit anyone be scapegoated, or to endure someone else’s disrespect. They trained the entire population to lift one another up with heart hugs and kind acts to ensure that nobody ever felt alone or rejected. They used perks to reward and encourage selfless efforts. 
Things improved immediately. But the world’s population also required motivation to move past the mess and keep going.
Society took care of everyone’s basic needs for the first time, obtaining funds by piggy-backing off the economic systems of the world throughout the continuum. There were no taxes, except for the false corporations the Mitigators set up in the various centuries; these had to pay local governments for their investment earnings in order to remain in place and evade investigation. 
This kind of environment could create a potentially paralyzing situation if people had no reason to strive. To motivate people into higher performance and success, and therefore higher life satisfaction, the Mitigators doled out perks as both earnings and reward, which could be used in exactly the same way as the money people used to refer to as “discretionary income.” They publicly anointed certain roles with “high status” for various reasons. In the case of the Heroes, their status was a lure, a reward, and a way of placating them for their brutal assignments. In instances where status was more widely attainable, such as raising Dynasty children instead of their own biological offspring, Mitigators used status as a lure to encourage people to help them advance their goals for civilization. There would always be competitiveness, and there would always be people with a burning desire for success. These people strove for and earned status for athletic achievement, success in the arts, and technological advancements, just as they did in Helen’s time. Mitigators made certain people always had something to admire or envy, and then to strive for. 
They addressed mental pain and mental illness immediately, and required periodic screenings for everyone.
People were not as angry now as they always used to be. They were not in as much pain. On the downside they weren’t as free because the invention of the scanner removed a lot of the freedom people had once experienced. There were privacy issues so, except in specific situations – and these mostly involved Historians who were in a singular position to create devastating havoc – review of scanner footage of living persons was subject to legal restrictions and reasonable cause, much like obtaining a valid warrant was in Helen’s time. Scanner footage was mostly archived unless charges were filed. So people could no longer commit crimes and get away with them, but they knew this. Furthermore, the new educational methods and the swift addressing of mental illness made fewer people feel inclined to commit crimes. The upside was that people were no longer frequently each other’s victims.
Once they took on their roles, the Mitigators received continued input from the focus group and used additional computer scanner projections to determine a path forward based on various scenarios and approaches. They began by putting the Education Project into place and implementing their new education strategy. Then they created the other projects and assigned Mitigators to lead them based on their backgrounds and interests. In both the smaller groups and the all-encompassing All-Mitigator Group, they had to arrive at decisions through group consensus, by law. Anyone who attempted to insert ego or personal ambition could be ejected from the leadership role, but that hadn’t happened yet. They had chosen the Mitigators well.
“So when they organized the corporation, per se, people all self-sorted themselves into the projects that they were most interested in working for. They used huge perks to lure people who couldn’t decide to the projects that still needed staff, so it all worked out. Now, if we want to switch careers, we just have to go through training and apply for jobs in the project we want. We can even test drive the new career, the way my brother is, before we commit to switching. With all of history to pick from, people can usually find a slot that they want, if they qualify. Workers get promotions and raises and incentives and all of that, but the people who are industry leaders in your world are just middle management in mine. 
“The Historian Project came later, when I was about twelve years old. That’s the project I work for - worked for. It’s kind of a division of the Education Project. They’re closely aligned. Mitigators decided to create it to supplement the curriculum for the Education Project, and they use what I gather up to teach to children.” 
“So they flipped the gender roles and the power structure,” Helen said, “but they didn’t make men wear burkas, I’m assuming. They don’t pay them the equivalent of eighty cents to the dollar, as compared to women, right? They don’t treat them as second class citizens and they don’t exercise their power to make men victims of abuse. And I presume they listen to you when you try to contribute ideas? They don’t shut you down?”
“Of course not.”
“All they apparently did, from what I can tell, is even out the playing field and make men experience the things they dump on women, or expect women to endure in my time, but they do it as a ‘lesson’ for violators, not as a societal norm. Right?”
“Right.”
“The female leaders in your time are more fair than the male leaders in my time. Or even just men in general. Try haggling over the price of a new car without a man, for instance.” Helen gave a lopsided grin.
“That’s why women are in charge now. Without justice there is no peace, and women have a better grasp of justice, they decided. That theory seems to be holding up.”
Helen was thoughtful. 
Avid continued.
“I always wanted to be a Historian from the very first moment I heard about the job. But you know what? I think I can move on now. I think I can go back home and teach. Or maybe they’ll assign me to a time that I like, and I can teach children in a control station. I’ll see what they say. Maybe they’ll even assign me to this time period. I’ll let you know when they tell me. It’s still so new, I’m a little nervous.”
“You’ll be fine. You’ll be wonderful. I’ll just give you a therapy session before you leave.”
Avid grinned. “I’m pretty sure if anyone can fix me, you can.”


Forty Years Earlier

Control Station, March 31, 2713, 1400 Hours, The Beginning
The ancient news clip of the aftermath of the Hiroshima nuclear bombing played as the Mitigator stood to the side of the stage with her head down. When the video ended the hall went dark. Then a spotlight illuminated her. She raised her head, stepped toward the front of the stage, and faced the auditorium audience. Her image displayed as a hologram for people in the back, and simultaneously appeared on the Alert screens of the audience watching from control centers across the continuum.
That audience had not completely processed the news clip that played before this one, where Nazis bulldozed skeletal corpses into ditches near concentration camps at the end of World War II. Still stunned, the audience was now confronted by images that were arguably as bad or worse, with the living dead losing seared chunks of their own flesh as they scrambled in confusion and screamed for help amid smoldering buildings and bodies in the streets.
The Mitigator gave a Namaste bow to the audience with her hands in the prayer position, touching her chin. Then she addressed everyone.
“World War II in the twentieth century was one example of our shameful and ghastly history. I’m sure you’ll all agree that our memories are still fresh as to what ‘ghastly’ looks like in modern times. We could provide examples of our last war and other wars for days…and I can assure you that every war was a failure in some respect, even if we’ve traditionally viewed the ultimate result as positive, as we did with World War II. 
“In the past we had students memorize the dates of battles, and we taught them how many troops died on each side. We taught them who won.”
She sighed.
“But ‘won’ is not the correct word: we only taught them who prevailed, for better or for worse. We commented on the killing of civilians caught in the crosshairs and thought of the victims in terms of numbers.” 
She paused and looked to the right and left at the audience.
“I want you to compare these two events side-by-side.” 
Still images appeared of the two scenes. 
“For those of you who recall any of what you studied about twentieth century history, you already know that one of the clips shows you what the ‘bad’ side did. The other news clip shows you what the ‘good’ side did. If you do not recall your history, I’ll ask you to guess which side was which.”
She listened to the audience murmuring, asking each other for the answer because most did not recall their history lessons from the classroom years ago and the answer wasn’t apparent from the images they were viewing. 
The Mitigator did not answer her own question and left it up to the audience to decide.
“You watched original recordings, taken by contemporary witnesses at the time of the incidents,” the Mitigator continued, “so you actually saw the people who experienced these events. Each one of these people was a casualty number to you before this moment, but now you can see their bodies and faces and imagine them alive and whole. Still, they’re nameless, and they mean nothing to you, not really. They’re just sad and unfortunate, and the situation you see is untenable but unchangeable because it happened in the past. It lost its impact ─ most of you don’t even remember the details of the war that did this to them, and most of you don’t really care. However deeply you feel grief and regret in the abstract, seeing them, you maintain a comfortable psychological distance because it happened long ago, and you don’t really know them. They aren’t yours. This didn’t happen to you.
“We have just emerged from a war so terrible that the earth is literally scorched and contaminated and unfit for habitation, and we have had to retreat into the oceans for survival. Our technology is no match for the devastation that we and our leaders left behind. We all did this. The spores and the ferns and the cockroaches are now rebuilding the environment ─ we hope ─ while we huddle underwater and think about what we have done. 
“Some of us still remember what it was like to exist on land, and those who have had the privilege of traveling back in time marvel over blue skies filled with birds, mountains covered with trees, air so fresh you feel intoxicated, and streams that run clean and carry countless fish. It will take centuries for our best efforts to contain the contamination, to quell the winds and the fires and the killing heat and the toxic chemical atmosphere, and replant and rebuild the habitat. And there is no guarantee that we will ever return to dry land, certainly not in our lifetimes. Perhaps not ever. 
“We have lost more than three quarters of the world’s population, which either died in the war or volunteered to resettle in the past. Billions of people have traveled back in time to the control stations we are now in the process of expanding as quickly as we can. Right now, many of them are in the past solely to escape because there is no longer anywhere to house them all here, as fast as we’re building. But if the Historian Project receives approval these refugees are prepared to work as permanent control station staff, filling positions that support Historians from the earliest eras of the human race to the end of the twenty-sixth century, when the final war began. They cover the entire span of humanity, hiding in the oceans where they’re safe, watching from the sidelines while humanity fights its way toward this moment of ultimate shame.
“We in the present time are now down to just a few million souls to press forward. Imagine us now as a large city, scattered in pieces in the various oceans around the world. Those of us who remain here live in a time of truce, maybe a time of lasting peace, we don’t know. We have tried to create lasting peace but can’t be sure we have yet. What we know is that everyone who fought in that war, lost that war. We lost, and they lost. We have learned about war, and we have lived through war, and we have lived and died for war, and it is futile. If we do not know that now, after this, we cannot ever survive and thrive and progress, at least not for long. Perhaps we don’t deserve to.”
A video image displayed the faces of people, many of them familiar: celebrities, athletes, leaders, coworkers, family. The montage displayed happy moments, then shifted to scanner images of them in death, twisted, contorted and maimed. Gasps rose from the audience, and there was one short quickly-muffled scream from a woman who recognized her husband and daughter.
“Have we learned our lesson yet?” She asks, running her gaze over the audience. “Every one of these people is dead because of that war. We can continue on the old path, the path you saw earlier and the path you see here, the path we followed since we began to walk upright tens of thousands of years ago.” She gestures toward the death images. 
“Or, we can adapt to the knowledge that there is a better way through kindness and compromise, and we can press forward in that direction. We can teach our children by example. Our Educators can shift away from rote learning and memorization to a deeper understanding that includes feelings and insight. They can teach children responsibility, respect, and meaning. When they teach the basic skills of math, reading and science, they can insert empathy, and they can create a society that rewards that empathy, celebrates that empathy, and nurtures that empathy. 
“We can all shift away from personal advancement at the expense of others. We can stop following, deifying, and applauding world leaders and generals who lead us into death and annihilation. We can stop idolizing and emulating the powerful and the ambitious and the greedy, and we can begin idolizing, emulating and rewarding the builders and the healers. We can stop demonizing and dehumanizing our imagined enemies, and provoking them with threats as if we were chest-thumping apes. We can turn our backs on armies and choose peace, and we can view each other as neighbors who all deserve to live and thrive. We all need one another equally. We need to believe that and live it.
“We can teach and encourage our children to build, not destroy. We can immerse them in art and beauty, and humbly ask them to please replace the priceless works of art that we destroyed…we, the ones who came before them and left them with none of it, not the paintings, or the statues, or the great cathedrals, or the towering skyscrapers…not even the grass and the birds and the trees, except for all the living things we saved and still care for in our artificial habitats, thanks to the Noah’s Ark Project, and the artwork we salvaged and keep in the Gallery in the Indian Ocean.”
The audience shifts and murmurs. 
“We can quell the anger, and we can neutralize the greed, and the envy, and the resentment, and the need to get even, the need to be ‘better than’, and the need to overpower and conquer. We can make a sincere effort to finally lessen the violence in our natures and stop believing that we are superior. We have proven that we are not.”
She stood small and slight in that single shaft of light, an awe-inspiring, illuminated sacred goddess, a Spiritual Mother, a kindly aunt. She raised her hands and extended them to the audience, and then lowered them. She bent over into a Namaste bow and then rose upright again.
“It begins with us, today.”
She cleared her throat.
“What we propose is a deep dive into the thoughts, feelings and experiences of the people you see in these images, and in all the other images that will confront us in the upcoming years. We propose that we all respect - and honor - their hearts and experiences, and by extension the hearts and experiences of all the people whose images we can never see, for all the events throughout history. We can study them, and we can learn. 
“History should not be dry. It should make us cry. We can teach our children to weep over our collective history, not celebrate it. We can redefine the term ‘historical achievement’ to exclude destruction, exploitation and corruption. We can call war what it is: failure. And we can teach the children how to never repeat our mistakes again. We can change.”
A smattering of applause erupted, then was quickly quelled when the Mitigator resumed her speech. 
“The Historian Project will take hundreds of years to complete. None of us here today will live to see it finished. However, we predict that it will ultimately advance human civilization, which is our obvious goal. We have the technology to go backward in time. We are now gathering a team of Historians for this project and are training them to record our history as it happened, for us and for the generations that come after us. With your approval, they will begin work within months. Shortly after we sort through the events they record, our Educators will decide how to present them and use their findings for classroom curriculum. Anything that does not become classroom curriculum will be stored in the Library for anyone to access. Old historical records that count casualties and glorify war will be archived. Hopefully, we will forget they exist.
“Most importantly we rely on the Educators, as always, to form the backbone of the project by teaching real history to our children, whom we depend upon to carry lasting peace into a better future. We depend on them to reject violence and war, and to always strive for good.”
She bowed again and rose. She smiled.
“And may we please succeed this time.”



