Memory of the Color Yellow
1-5
Suzanne Jenkins
Memory of the Color Yellow
The Series
Copyright © 2016 by
Suzanne Jenkins. All rights reserved.
Created in digital format in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations in blog posts and articles and in reviews.
Memory of the Color Yellow is a complete and total work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
For information on the Detroit Detective Stories, the Pam of Babylon series, and other works by the author, please refer to the section at the end of this story.
 
Dear Reader,
Memory of the Color Yellow began as a gift to those followers who signed up on my email list. Approximately once a week I sent a novella or short story in an email. When I began this project, it didn’t occur to me that I should have a book already written, divided into installments to dole out systematically. Instead, I’m writing as I’m going and I have no idea where it’s headed. Sticking the story out there without an ending in sight is a scary proposition. I will tell you I can barely tolerate leaving the story, I’m so engrossed. What’s going to happen next? The characters are growing in complexity. Thank you so much for going on this journey with me.
To receive the next installments FREE, please go to my website,
suzannejenkins.net/where-should-i-send-your-stories
and sign up on my email list.
Thank you!
On to the story.
Character List & Notes
Tiresias (Paradise or Eremos to the inhabitants) Protected Zone

Steve Manos & Family
George – father
Rose – mother
Eleni – George’s mother – Manula for mother in Greek, Yiayia for grandmother
Peter – George’s needy cousin
Stephanie – Rose’s sister &Peter’s wife
Baby Stevie – Stephanie & Peter’s baby
Peter – George’s needy cousin

Steve’s friends
Joe Adams
Paul Antoni

Residents of Europe Town
Louise Adams & Joe
The Polskys – Jane & Edwin
The Antoni Family – Grandfather Antoni – Paul Senior, Candy, Paul Junior
Jim Randolph – a farmer somewhere in the area and Penelope’s father.

Inhabitants of Tiresias
Penelope Randolph
Harrison Quigley – Penelope’s friend
Angelica – Penelope’s apartment mate
Security officers
Walkers

Detroit Characters
Buz Graham driver
Irwin Razor president
Briana, his secretary
Ryan Wilde, Chief of Staff
Billie and Connie – government workers
Darleen and Jackie – Steve’s foster parents
Miri and John – Jackie’s parents
Bill Reynolds, Mayor of NYC
Beatrice Ford, Leader of the Northwest Quadrant
 
Chapter 1
My childhood officially ended the day I heard the word Tiresias while playing tag with my friends on a sultry August afternoon. As daylight waned, neighborhood kids ran rampant over perfectly manicured lawns, screaming, “You’re it!” and “Tag, I gotcha!” We were twelve year olds; ranging in the stages of maturity from testosterone-ridden puberty to pencil-necked little boy. I vacillated between the two extremes. But we’d been inseparable since kindergarten.
Until that August day, it had been the best summer of my life, one that would define childhood summers for me; running through lawn sprinklers, building a tree fort just four feet off the ground, whatever meat the Coalition had provided for us that week cooking on the grill, the smell mouth-watering, no second calls for lunch required. The following September, we would look forward to venturing off to junior high and our time of enlightenment. The sorrow caused by, and fear of our government had not yet colored my world.
This would also be the last summer my friends and I would be on the same emotional wavelength, have the same interests, believe in the same god. I remember laughing so hard that afternoon that tears rolled down my face. We were lying on the grass recovering from our game, making fun of each other, bathroom humor rampant as it can only be with preteen boys. I wasn’t immune and I could dish it out, so could the others and they were tearing into me. “Manos farted,” Paul said, pointing at me, pretend gagging.
“I did not,” I screamed, guilty and embarrassed. “It was Joe!”
On command, Joe Adams bent over and farted in our direction. We carried on in this manner until the owners of the lawn tired of our shenanigans. Mrs. Polsky, dressed in classic Eastern European grandmother garb, came to the door and started yelling at us in a language I knew was Polish. My father privately referred to the family as The Polacks.
“Get out, you bad boys, a shandeh un a charpeh! You’re a shame and a disgrace! You’ll wake the baby.”
We got off her lawn and started walking toward the sidewalk when Paul Antoni turned around and stuck his tongue out at her. “You hateful nishtikeit nobody,” she screamed in perfect English. “I hope you go to Tiresias!”
We started laughing, running away from the house, afraid she was putting a curse on us. Although she was funny, shaking her fist in the air, there was something frightening about her, a regular person transformed into hideousness, with bulging eyeballs and spittle flying, and the word I had never heard before. Tiresias.
I’d had enough though; it was time for me to go home. I waved goodbye to my friends and ran to my house near the end of the street. My handsome father, George sat on the stoop reading the paper and smoking his last cigar of the day. Still in uniform, I felt proud of him, his white shirt rolled up at the sleeves now that he was home, tie loose around his neck. Although at the time he seemed old and always tired to me, he was only in his forties, in great physical shape from hard work and our restricted diets.
“Hi, Pop,” I said in Greek. “How was work today?”
Putting the paper down, he pulled me over for a hug. I’d never be too big to be hugged by my father. I believe one of the reasons I’ve survived this world was my father’s constant validation.
“Hi, Stevie,” he said, in English, in defiance of the law. In Europe Town, the native tongue shall be spoken at all times in the home. My grandmother said the government was trying to create its own Tower of Babel to maintain control of the people. “Work is work,” he continued. “I like my route. I see dignitaries in the city everyday. Today, a lot of visitors in ethnic dress made me lonely for my father.”
“Why, Pop?”
“Oh, he loved costume. My father owned his own business, but he was an artist, too.” He looked hard at me. “You remind me of my father.”
“I do?”
It was the first I’d heard this story, my parents not prone to reminiscing. The law forbade speaking of the past. My grandmother and parents, Uncle Peter and Aunt Stephanie were born in Greece. They’d have plenty of stories to share some day. The Coalition hadn’t been called the United States of America for a long time, not since before I was born.
“My father wrote poetry,” he said. “Beautiful, epic poems about his observations and feelings for this country.”
He got up close to me and whispered. “I still have them. The originals. It’s against the law now, you know. You can’t have anything which is descriptive, or tells the history of what it used to be like here. We can talk all we want of old European history, but of what happened in the US? Forget it.”
Straightening up, he shook his head, what he’d admitted to me could have him imprisoned, or worse. “I can tell you all about Greece, the history of Greece, your family’s roots, but not about America. Nothing about America.
“Never repeat what I just said,” he whispered, putting his finger to his lips. “I want to read the poems to you soon. You’re at the right age to know about the past.”
My father speaking to me of the past confused me; hadn’t he just said it was against the law? And the past of what? The way we lived hadn’t changed as long as I could remember. I was born into it.
This life was the norm, but hearing that my father knew of a different way thrilled me. The circumstances reminded me of a children’s science book which had been my mother’s when she was a child. Supposedly hidden in her room, she left it out for me to find on my own, with the understanding that the book was to be kept secret. Within, I discovered a world from a time before humanity, with watercolor pictures of dinosaurs eating the flesh of small animals. It titillated me to go through the book and imagine what life was like before humans. It was the only evidence I had that life was not always what I knew it to be. The knowledge unlocked my curiosity, a dangerous condition in current times.
“Don’t tell anyone about the poems,” he warned again, repeating himself. “We’re forbidden to speak of the past.”
I promised my father I’d keep it to myself and continued into the house. I could hear my mother, Rose talking to my dad’s mother, Eleni in Greek. My mother, I can see her now so clearly. In my youth, she always wore dresses; that day a brown shirtwaist that had seen better days. Trim and attractive, my mother never left her room without her hair done and makeup on. They were arguing over me. I was sick to death of going to Greek school after regular school, and with junior high came more opportunities; sports and clubs and girls. I’d begged my mother for free afternoons, finally wearing her down. But now she had to advocate for me to my father and grandmother, and they weren’t having it.
“Greek school is one of the last ties he has to the old country,” my Yiayia maintained. “If enough of us don’t take advantage, soon they’ll do away with it, as well.”
“What’s for dinner?” I interrupted.
“Soup. Sit down,” Rose said, pointing to the table. Then to my grandmother, she continued the bargaining process, although I was afraid she might be losing by the sound of it.
“George, come eat!” Rose called. I could hear my father groaning as he got up from the granite stoop while my mother set bowls of something tomatoey down in front of us. My aunt came in with my cousin, also named Steve, perched on her hip and sat across from me, followed by her husband, Peter.
When everyone was seated, I remembered the word. “Where’s Tiresias?” I asked. Gasping, the adult’s heads swirled around to look at me.
“Where in God’s name did you hear that?” My mother asked while my grandmother made the sign of the cross on her bosom. “George, did you just hear what Steve said?”
“Son, where’d you hear that word?”
In shock, no one had started to eat, although it was customary in our family to gobble up whatever was put in front of us the minute my mother sat down. It was clear something monumental had occurred.
“What? What does it mean?” I whined, afraid I was in trouble.
“He’s going to find out anyway,” Uncle Peter said. “You might as well tell the boy.”
“Shut up, Peter,” my grandmother said.
“It’s okay, Steve,” my dad said, patting my hand. “Just tell your mother where you heard the word.”
I looked around the table, at all the concerned faces staring at me.
“We were playing tag in front of Mrs. Polsky’s house and she said she hoped we went to Tiresias. I think we woke her baby up and she was angry.”
My mother whacked her spoon down on the table and got up, storming out the front door.
“Rose, come back,” my father yelled.
“Like heck I will,” my mother yelled back. “Polsky’s getting my wrath.”
My father picked up his spoon in surrender and started to eat, but me and Aunt Stephanie, first handing the baby over to my grandmother, ran out after her.
“Rose, wait up!” Stephanie yelled. “I’ll back you up.”
It was still hot outside in spite of the sun already set, the moon brilliant on the horizon, heat rising from the sidewalks. Windows and doors were open, smells of everyone’s tomatoey dinner wafting out, and I noticed our neighbors peering out as my mother marched to the Polsky’s with us following, mumbling Greek the whole way.
“This time, I’m calling The Council,” she said. “She’s not getting away with it this time.”
Chapter 2
Our town sat at the west end of urban sprawl. It was called Europe Town because everyone who lived there originally came from Europe, a nebulous place which no longer existed in the reality of anyone under twenty years of age. First, second and third generation Europeans were encouraged to continue the traditions of their ancestors wherever possible.
In addition to Europe town, I’d heard of Asia Town, Africa Town and Latin Town. I supposed to the provincial leadership, the masses needed to be segregated according to the color of their skin. It explained why I heard my friend, Paul’s father talk about the Swedes who lived in our neighborhood not really belonging there.
There was nothing remarkable about Europe Town, except it was within commuting distance of a big, political center, and the people who lived there were the service workers. My father drove a public bus, Paul’s dad, Paul Senior managed a restaurant which catered to the very rich politicos, and Joe’s mother, Louise worked as a secretary in the government office. A widow, she was one of the few women in our neighborhood who worked outside of the home. Although it was the norm for single mothers to live in an apartment village, Louise Adams received a special dispensation from the higher ups to stay in her house. Of course, the neighbors whispered about that, too.
I liked watching Joe’s mother walk to the bus. She wore high heels, and the clip clop of the heels on the sidewalk matched the movement of her rear end, titillating me. I think it did the same thing to the men who walked to the bus because she always had a crowd around her. They commuted together with the other neighbors, waiting at the bus kiosk at the end of our street each morning at six, returning each evening at seven.
On the weekends, unless he was scheduled to work, my dad recovered. Any necessary maintenance needed around our house, Aunt Stephanie’s husband, Peter took care of. It was their contribution to our home. I heard my mother repeating the phrase when Stephanie would cry because she felt so badly about invading our privacy.
“We don’t deserve your generosity. Where we would be if you hadn’t taken us in?”
Even I was aware that they’d always been at our house. A phrase of her contrition repeated each month when my mother would anguish over bills; my dad’s pay had been severed repeatedly until it was a token payment given him, and my grandmother no longer received a pension although she’d worked in her husband’s factory in the city for more than thirty years and contributed to the fund all that time. These were regular complaints, voiced cyclically, especially on the weekends when the ouzo and retsina flowed.
Rose and Stephanie subsidized the household finances by baking bread for the neighborhood, fresh bread no longer available after a catastrophic blight destroyed the wheat harvest six years in a row. Now, only small, craft bakeries survived, baking bread from heritage wheat grown in parks and vacant lots, an activity tolerated by The Council, but watched carefully. My mother’s bread didn’t require much wheat; she used oats and ground nuts and anything else she could get her hands on, foraging for wild grains a pastime the entire family participated in.
Uncle Peter kept our house in repair, the yard meticulous, the structure perfect, conditions mandated by The Council. Dwellings shall be maintained in pristine condition, the landscaping cut and trimmed, the exterior painted and cleaned, the interior clutter free under penalty of the law. Unannounced inspections shall be made regularly. I couldn’t remember anyone inspecting our house, but the threat was always there.
My Uncle Peter was mental. At least, that was what my dad said. “Peter’s mental, leave him alone.”
Peter, my grandmother’s nephew and dad’s cousin in need of a helping hand came to live with my family before I was born. He was in the last wave of immigrants to arrive in the country before the borders closed, my dad said, “At a time when people still wanted to come here.” My dad felt guilty about introducing him to my mother’s sister, Stephanie, who also lived here before I was born.
“He might be mental, but he’s still a man,” my yiayia would say, nodding her head toward their bedroom door.
“Mother, the boy,” Rose would moan, looking at me from the corner of her eye. “Please.”
She needn’t have worried. We were packed into a three bedroom bungalow and it was made clear by the frequent yodeling emanating from my aunt and uncle’s room that he was, in fact a man, in spite of his inability to hold down a job.
The unemployment wasn’t completely Uncle Peter’s fault. He was a licensed electrician in Greece, but after the revolution, only Council Members could practice a trade. And you had to be a fourth generation Coalition Citizen in order to join. “Your children can join,” my grandmother explained, pointing at me.
“But we’re screwed,” Uncle Peter replied, making a circle motion around the table which included me and Baby Steve.
“That’s why they say the residents of the Towns are a drain on society,” my grandmother added.
“Who said that?” I asked.
“Everyone,” my father replied. “Foreigners are here for the free stuff.”
“What a bunch of crap,” Stephanie said.
“What’s free?” I asked.
“Food, doctor’s visits, all the stuff we need to subsist,” Peter answered.
“Subsist is the right word. We’re given just enough,” my mother said, patting my hand. “It’s barely enough to survive. Then we use what little money we make to pay our taxes.”
“Let’s not forget our taxes,” my father said.
“Like I said, we’re screwed,” Uncle Peter repeated.
Uncle Peter was right; like other adults approaching middle age, until he was assigned a job, he’d be at the mercy of his wife’s family. In the meantime, he used the shed in back of our yard as an office of sorts to keep the house and yard maintenance tools out of the elements, also a place to keep his collective contraband. Some of his treasures included a stick shift from a 1967 Chevy Nova and an exhaustive collection of raggedy Victoria Secrets catalogs.
“You want to see the history of women’s underwear, just look here,” he’d say, pointing to a stack of cardboard boxes in the corner.
“Why in God’s name would anyone want to see that?” my grandmother cried, rolling her eyeballs.
Unfortunately, my mother watched the shed like a hawk during the day and if I or my dad thought we could sneak in for a chance to look at the catalogs, we were mistaken. Every family had a few relatives like Peter, so extra bedrooms rarely remained vacant and since no one had a car, garages were repurposed into living quarters occupied by the extended family. We were not holding our breath that our garage would stay empty for long; my father’s brother, Nick made sure we knew he was next in line to move in as soon as he reached retirement age, about two years away. We’d never believe who would end up living there, but I’m getting ahead of the story.
Once Stephanie and Peter had the baby and I wasn’t the only child in our house, all that attention formerly reserved for me was divided in half. The law since the revolution stated each couple could have one child. Mandatory sterilization after the birth took the responsibility of birth control out of the parent’s hands. It didn’t make any difference either if a baby was lost at birth; the parent had had their chance and blew it. Rarely, adults died without any relatives to leave their child with, making him available for adoption. I didn’t know any adopted kids. I knew of twins; two boys. Evidently, twins were okay. Multiples more than two became problematic. I wasn’t sure what was done about it until I was much older.
Our lifestyle was normal as far as I was concerned because I didn’t know anything different. But my parents grew up through the rebellion, growing indignation as their autonomy was chiseled away. Those citizens my grandmother’s age remembered a completely different way of life, with freedoms enjoyed by all. She whispered about it to me when we were alone that evening, after the fiasco of Mrs. Polsky.
“Slowly, unawares, our liberties and our ability to make choices were eliminated, one by one. On the outside, life looked about the same, almost better than it had been before the change. Gone from sight were slums and homeless people, hungry children, suffering. I was a socialist when I came here from Greece, and at first, I thought what was happening might be for the best.
“In place of need; homogenized living for everyone. Free food distribution, safe housing, mediocre healthcare at best, but free immunizations, emergency services, and old age assistance. Of course, they chipped away at what people had saved for retirement, and now no one receives any work-related pensions. The government stole it all. Social Security ended about the same time the Coalition was put into place. People contributed to it for years and counted on it but it was taken away from us.
“I’ve heard stories whispered behind closed doors, of people choosing to suffer in silence rather than go to the hospital, fears of being imprisoned with a serious illness perpetuated by rumors of patients losing control over their care, and even forced euthanasia. Life expectancy has been on the decline for the past fifty years. I just pray I die in my sleep.”
“Yiayia, I hope you don’t die,” I said as she kissed my cheek.
Although some of the financial stuff she talked about was over my head, the other sunk in, terrifying me. I couldn’t imagine homeless people or suffering. Our way of life was definitely better than that.
On the day I heard the word Tiresias, I stood on the sidewalk with Aunt Stephanie while my mother ran up to the Polsky’s porch and banged on their aluminum screen door. “Jane Polsky, I know you’re in there! Come out now, before I call The Council.”
Before I call The Council was a familiar battle cry, the beginning of a hoped for resolution in every conflict. If someone broke the law, it was easier to threaten them with calling The Council than getting them to apologize and work out a solution. To my knowledge, no one had ever called The Council in reality, the fear of inviting something worse into our lives a powerful deterrent. Mrs. Polsky’s stubbornness was known around the neighborhood and adults usually didn’t bother to reason with her, letting her get away with much more than was permitted. But this was serious.
“Your boy, he awaken the baby,” she called from the dinner table.
“It wasn’t just me,” I cried.
“Get out here and talk to me,” Rose yelled. “My dinner is growing cold; yours can wait, too.”
A reluctant Mrs. Polsky moved on the other side of the screen, clearly frightened and regretful. “What were you thinking?” my mother asked in a soft voice. “You shouted that so all the boys heard. Do you think I’m the only parent who will complain? Candy Antoni is probably marching over to The Council office right now.” Candy was Paul’s mother.
“It’s too late,” Mrs. Polsky said, shrugging her shoulders. She looked around my mother’s body at me waiting on the sidewalk.
“I’m sorry, Steven,” she called. “I don’t wish you to go to…that at all.”
Now that my curiosity was stirred up, I’d make it my business to find out about Tiresias.
My mother shook her head in exasperation and left the porch, letting Mrs. Polsky have the last word. “Come on Stephanie,” she said to her sister. “Now we just wait it out.”
Reaching me, they put their arms around my shoulders, steering me toward home. Hopefully, no one in the neighborhood would call The Council.
“Let’s eat,” she said as we climbed the steps to the porch.
My father had finished his soup and was washing up his bowl and spoon. “Well, is the world going to end?” he asked over his shoulder.
“It might,” Rose answered. “We’ll just wait and see. Anyone call here yet?”
My father shook his head, but as though scripted, the phone in the hallway rang a shrill ring. It was an ancient rotary dial phone, the only kind used now. Reaching for the hand piece, my father winked at me. “Steve’s house,” he answered.
“Oh! Paul,” he said into the phone, tittering, rolling his eyeballs at me. Paul Senior didn’t like joking around. “I thought it was someone for my boy. Just teasing. What can I do for you?”
I could hear Paul’s dad talking, his voice rising and falling in anger. “Paul, just one minute will you? Steve is standing here.” He put his hand over the mouth piece. “Son, run along. This is private.”
That was all I needed to make sure I heard every word. “Sure, Dad,” I said, walking back to my bedroom. The walls were thin, and it didn’t take much, my ear to the crack in the door, to understand that news of Mrs. Polsky’s faux pas had spread through the neighborhood. For his own safety, Paul Junior would let his father hear it through the grapevine rather than risk his life telling him like I did my family.
He must have asked my father what he and my mom were going to do about it. “What are we going to do about it?” my father asked. “Why, nothing! It’s not our place, as you must know. History will not be carried down by word of mouth. ‘The law will dictate when certain aspects of life will be revealed, not familial tradition.’”
Now I was really confused. From what book was my dad quoting? I could hear Paul Senior sonorous voice through the phone. “That’s bull shit! I don’t mean tell your kid. You have to do something, George, you or Rose call The Council and report Polsky before you get into trouble.”
“According to Steve here, she said it to your boy. I think that means it’s your responsibility. Why don’t you call them yourself?” my dad asked.
I could hear Paul Senior’s voice, the resonance vibrating deep in my chest. He was begging my father to do the dirty work; he’d already had one run in with Jane Polsky and was afraid he’d get into trouble if there was a second encounter.
“Let’s not invite trouble, capisce?” My dad looked at his watch. “Besides, Paul, it’s nine now. Less than nine hours till we have to get up. If we call now, no one will get any sleep tonight and we all have to work in the morning.”
Paul Senior must have said something about killing Mrs. Polsky because my father’s next words were consoling and admonishing. “No, no, you’re just upset, you don’t mean that.”
I heard my mother’s light footstep, and when I peeked out the door, she’d joined my father in the hallway, standing next to him, holding his hand. Finally, my father hung up.
“He’s not going to call, is he?”
“Oh hell, I hope not,” my father said. “He has to get up at dawn, too. Let’s close up this place and get some sleep. I’m beat.”
“The boy never ate,” Rose said.
They saw me through the crack turn in my door, aware I was eavesdropping. “You can come out now, Stevie,” my dad said gently.
Opening up, my parents waited for me. Worry, fear had taken its toll of everyone.
“Come out, my love,” my mother said. “I’ll heat up your soup and cut you a nice slice of bread.”
“I didn’t get bread,” my dad complained. “That’s not fair.”
“Come, you can have it now, with jam.”
We walked into the kitchen together, my dad and I sitting down across from each other while my mother prepared my soup and bread and put tea water on to boil. It was rare we were together alone for a short time while the others sat on the porch, enjoying the last of the summer nights before fall arrived.
“I’m sorry,” I said, looking from mother to father. “We won’t play in front of the Polsky’s house anymore.”
“You play where you want,” my mother replied passionately. “I won’t have you restricted in our own neighborhood.”
“Your mother is right,” George said, looking at me, concerned. “You’re a young boy. Play wherever you want.”
“I can’t believe it’s come to this,” Rose muttered. “Trouble in our own home.”

That night while my family slept, I lay awake, my nerves taut. The power of a word had upset the balance of our life. My grandmother’s secrets about what it used to be like swirled through my head, both frightening me and tantalizing me. I longed to know what Tiresias meant.
We had two government mandated books in our house; a tattered, outdated Merriman Dictionary, and a newer, vinyl clad bible. My grandmother moved the two books when she dusted the shelf on which they lay; gently handling the dictionary, but picking the bible up with the tips of her fingers like it was a piece of dog crap.
“It’s not even a true version,” she said of the tome, a bastardized translation from a new religion conceived during the uprising which would change the world. “It doesn’t mention Jesus. How can a bible be a Bible and not even mention Jesus Christ our Lord?”
“Watch it, Manula,” my father would say during these tangents. “We’re screwed if anyone hears you.” I knew who Jesus was; another secret revealed by my grandmother.
Not able to squash my curiosity about Tiresias, I crept out of my room, feeling along the walls to find the way into the living room, the lack of streetlights and outdoor lighting making sneaking around tricky at night. Threats of shutting off the power grid after dark kept citizens from using electricity except for their most urgent needs; we didn’t even have a nightlight plugged into the bathroom and I’d stubbed my toe on the granite threshold more than once.
Like the rest of our house, the living room wasn’t cluttered with memorabilia to fumble through and I put my hands to both sacred books with no trouble. Finding my way back to my bedroom without alerting my parents successful, I slowly closed the door with a click. I had my flashlight ready. Heart beating hard, I didn’t know what I was going to find, but I felt confident it would shed light on the events of the day.
After I’d eaten dinner, I begged my parents to tell me the meaning of the word, Tiresias.
“Oh my God, Son, don’t even speak it out loud, do you understand me?” My mother was beside herself, giving my shoulder a good shake.
“We should tell him,” my grandmother insisted. “It can only give him the upper hand. Steve, you’re smart enough to keep your mouth shut if we tell you something, isn’t that true?”
“Yes, Yiayia,” I said. “I promise I won’t say a word to anyone.”
“Manula, with all due respect,” my father quickly whispered, frightened. “You’ll endanger the boy’s life if you tell him so I must insist you stop now.”
“I’ll only tell him the myth. The Ancient Greek Library…”
“Manula!” George cried.
My father had just said earlier that day he was going to show me poems his father had written, also prohibited. Would doing so also endanger my life?
“Dad, I swear, I won’t tell anyone.”
“If you had a knife to your throat you might!” My mother exclaimed, hovering over me.
“Rose! For God’s sake,” George yelled. “Listen to what you’re saying!”
The conversation stopped there.
Under my covers with the flashlight leaning against my pillow, I looked up Tiresias in Merriman’s but it didn’t make sense to me.
n: a blind seer of Thebes who in one Greek myth, is changed into a woman for several years and then changed back to a man. It was too perverse to even contemplate at my young age.
Putting the dictionary aside, I reached for the bible. It was viewed with such disdain in our household I was almost afraid to crack the spine. What lurked between those covers that evoked such strong emotion? The absence of Jesus name was enough to throw my grandmother into a rage.
Slowly opening the book to the first page, I wasn’t sure how to find what I was looking for. In school I’d been taught a rudimentary research technique utilizing archaic encyclopedias, so I had a basic knowledge of how to proceed. The table of contents didn’t tell me a thing. I flipped to the back and found the index and in the Ts found my word; Tiresias, Page 268.
Tiresias-a prophet of Apollo in Thebes, blinded by the gods simply because he told their secrets. Tiresias is a transitional figure mediating between human beings and the gods, male and female, blind and sighted, present and future, this world and the Underworld. Then a sentence which would later help me sort through the confusion; those things in life shall remain separate, like with like, blind with blind, sighted with sighted. Like shall stay with like.
That sentence got my attention. I hoped it spoke of ancient times, that provocative phrase I heard my grandmother use. According to my sixth grade teacher, there was no such thing as a prophet, it was blasphemy. And what did Tiresias the prophet have to do with the place Tiresias that Mrs. Polsky wished upon my friends and me?
I read on concerning Greek myth, of strange sexual imagery I couldn’t fathom, having to do with copulating snakes and nymphs, heady stuff for a twelve-year old. I wondered if it was what my grandmother referred to when my father begged her to stop. None of the information seemed powerful enough to have triggered the near hysteria a single word evoked in my family. Switching the flashlight off, I prepared to sneak out to the living room to replace the books on the shelf when I heard a scratching on the screen.
“Manos!”
The low, whispered hiss got my attention. I placed the books on the bed and crept to the window. It was Paul, hanging from the lower frame of the window screen, his flashlight shining in my face. Whatever drove him out after dark had to be significant because if he got caught, the punishment would be severe.
“What are you doing? Are you nuts?”
Imagining what could befall my friend terrified me, especially in the aftermath of the events of the day.
“You have to come out,” Paul begged. “It’s important.”
“Tell me now,” I said, too frightened to climb out the window.
“I have something to show you,” he insistent. “You won’t believe it, Manos.”
“Show me tomorrow, then,” I said.
“I can’t! We have to leave the neighborhood and the drones will see us in the daylight.”
The thought of trying to circumvent the manifestation of the drones increased my fear two fold. “What’s to prevent them from finding us in the dark?” I argued. “It’s still dangerous.”
“No it’s not! And I can’t wait until tomorrow. Come on.”
I could hear him whining; “Oh oh oh, hurry hurry hurry.”
I considered what it would mean if I got caught. “I need to put something away, first,” I said.
Retracing the trip back to the living room, I almost bought it when my grandmother came up from the basement to use the bathroom. My heart beat so loudly, I was sure she’d hear it. I tiptoed past the bathroom door and put the books back on the shelf, waiting in the corner until she returned to the basement.
Once back in my room, I pulled my jeans on over my pajama bottoms and slipped my shoes on. “How am I going to get back up through the window?” I asked, looking down at Paul.
“I’ll give you a boost. Come on!” he whined.
The levers on the side of the screen were difficult to move, but I finally pushed them up and screen slid into the upper area without squeaking. Paul reached up for me as I stuck one leg out and then the other, sliding out, scraping my back on the metal sill. “Ouch!”
“Quiet!” he hissed.
I looked up at my window once my feet were on the ground. “I’m never going to get back up there,” I said, imagining my mother finding my bed empty in the morning.
“Yes you are, now come on. I need to tell you what my dad said tonight, but I can’t do it here.”
It appeared Paul Senior didn’t take the advice he’d given my father. We crouched down, Paul in front of me, and he grabbed hold of my shirt and pulled me along behind him. “Keep up with me,” he whispered, not letting go. “Stay close.”
The houses were built during the time families had cars and there was just enough room for a driveway leading back to a garage. Our neighbor’s bedroom windows were open and for all I knew they listened and watched, preparing to call The Council Police.
We crept along the fronts of the houses, staying out of sight, first making sure no one was on their porch having a late night smoke. When we reached the corner, Paul paused, holding me back again. “I’m not sure what to do,” he said. “We need to cross, but I’m afraid the cameras will pick us up.”
Motion activated infrared cameras mounted on each corner, pointed down each street, capturing the slightest movement. “Let’s go to the middle of the block, furthest from the corners,” I said. “Pull your shirt up over your face. It’ll see us but not our faces.”
“Okay,” he said. “It’ll be worth it, you’ll see.”
We ran across the street bent over at the waist with our shirts pulled over our heads. As soon as we reached the other side, we dove into bushes on the corner, just in case our movement activated a drone. It was all conjecture; no one had ever seen a drone fly at night, but we couldn’t be too cautious. Although I’d get an earful if we got caught, Paul would get a beating. We’d be extra careful.
One more block of dodging cameras and we reached the woods. Calling the area woods was generous, a dried out swamp reclaimed by Mother Nature, with the skeletons of old growth trees mingling with sweetgum and tulip tree saplings.
“Tell me now,” I demanded. “What happened?”
“Let’s move in a little deeper,” he said, teeth chattering with fear.
We hiked a few more yards, the trees dense enough to block out what little moonlight there was. Stopping, Paul turned to me, a solemn expression on his face. “My folks told me.”
“What?” I asked.
“They told me what the fuss was about Tiresias.”
“No way! Won’t they get in trouble?”
“Not if I don’t tell. You have to promise me you won’t tell.”
“I’m not going to tell, Paul. I promise. What is it?”
“It’s a place over there,” he said, pointing. “It’s a big place, as big as a city, my dad said. It’s got a big fence around it, as high as a building. There used to be a hospital on the other side of the fence. People got a lung disease a long time ago and they lived together in the old hospital. Now, the people are separated from us. They live there, and we live here.”
“Do they still have a lung disease?” I asked.
Frowning, I could tell Paul wasn’t sure. He looked up at me and shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know.”
I told him what I’d read earlier that night. It made a little more sense now. “People who are different are separated from us. That’s what Tiresias must be. We’re here and they’re there.”
“But why?” Paul asked the air.
“Did you ask your dad?” I asked.
“No. I didn’t think of it until now. He acted like it wasn’t such a big deal.”
“How far is this place?” I asked, yawning. I needed a good dose of adrenaline again to keep me going.
“I’m not sure, just that we follow Oxford until it ends. That’s the far west side of town. When I asked my dad where it was, he said, ‘At the end of Oxford.’”
I thought when Paul said he had to show me something; it meant he’d already been there. He was as clueless as I was about where Tiresias was, or what we’d find once we got there. We trudged through the woods, keeping the street in our field of vision. It wasn’t easy, even with our eyes adjusted to the dark. I watched Paul’s thin back, his frailness evident to me for the first time.
Housing got sparser the farther west we hiked until Oxford was a dirt trail, winding through the forest, an occasional abandoned property forcing us to move further into the woods. The contrast between the ramshackle dwellings we encountered with our perfectly maintained albeit modest homes jarred, the black, vacant windows frightening.
“They must not care about these houses,” Paul said, referencing the mysterious they.
“No. I wonder what happened to the people who lived here.”
Our feet crunching on fallen twigs echoed around us, announcing our arrival if anyone waited to catch us. It took over an hour to reach Tiresias. I was sorry I didn’t bring water, my mouth so dry, thinking about the walk back home increasing my anxiety. I tried to remember how long a person could go without water before they fainted. It had to be longer than an evening walk.
“Look!” Paul whispered, pointing. “There’s the tall fence.”
Creeping closer to it, we didn’t know if it would be monitored like the street corners were. “Look!” I said, parroting Paul. “There are people walking around!”
We backed up behind the trees and crouched down again, out of sight. As though it was the middle of the day, people were walking along the perimeter of the area, close to the fence. They were talking. I could hear the soft hum of voices, an occasional cackle of laughter. It was difficult to see from a distance, but it appeared they were wearing some kind of uniform.
“They’re just regular people,” Paul said softly. “What’s the big deal?”
“Let’s get closer,” I said.
We crept up a little further. “There’re two fences,” Paul said.
It was difficult to see in the dark, but if I focused, I could see the second fence. The fences were spaced about two feet apart, forming a safety zone. My back was starting to bother me from crouching over, so I dropped to my knees and started to crawl to the fence.
“Don’t touch the fence,” Paul warned when we reached it. “Listen.”
The buzz of electricity was clear; the fence was electrified. “It must be to keep us out,” I said, idiotically. “I mean, they’re walking right up next to the fence on their side.”
“Shhh!” Paul hissed.
It was too late. A girl heard me; turned from the group she was with and walked back to the fence. “Who’s out there?” she called softly.
“Don’t answer her,” Paul whispered, grabbing my arm. We stood like statues, listening.
“I can hear you!” she said. “Who are you?”
“Let’s get out of here!” he cried, pulling on me.
“Wait, don’t leave!” she screamed. “Please, I beg of you, come back!”
With her cries echoing through the forest, we got up and ran back toward home, sure that Council Police would be waiting for us when we reached Oxford.
But no one was there.
Chapter 3
Rose called it out at the lake weather, perhaps a need for a blanket spread over the bed, a sweater in the morning, fighting the urge to turn the furnace on, fuel oil rationed as strictly as food. It was a hint that autumn was on its way. Old people dangerously reminiscing said even the weather had changed with the times. The winters were milder, summers almost unbearable with the heat and humidity. That morning when I woke up, late due to the outing Paul and I had made the night before, I felt it too. A change in the way the air felt. Summer was almost over.
We’d reached home after three, frightened and shaking. Paul gave me a boost through my window and went home without saying goodbye. I pulled my jeans off and got into bed right away. I didn’t know what time it was when my mother came in my room to see if I was still sleeping.
“You okay, Stevie?” she said. “This is late for you.”
“What time is it?” I moaned.
“Almost ten,” she said. “Paul and Joey were already here. You’d better let ‘em know you’re still alive.”
“It feels like a school day,” I said.
“I know,” Rose replied, rubbing her arms to warm up. “It’s out at the lake weather for sure. If you want I’ll make you pancakes. I’ve got extra flour.”
“Okay, that sounds good, Mom,” I answered. “I smell bacon, too.” Any food we didn’t grow ourselves was a commodity provided by The Council, and bacon was rare.
“Paul brought it over, a gift from his dad. Someone from the restaurant gave it to him. I hope the day never comes when we can’t accept gifts like bacon.”
“Why wouldn’t you be able to?” I asked, frowning.
“It could be the next slap in the face,” she whispered, “If a farmer has animals to butcher, the government takes them. Everything belongs to the government. The same thing applies with the flour. I hope the day never comes where they take our wheat harvest.”
I couldn’t believe what she was saying. “That’s not right,” I said.
“It wasn’t always like this,” she sighed. “Yiayia once kept a cow and chickens. Back in the old days. Don’t tell anyone I told you. We don’t talk about the past, remember?”
We’d talked about the past more in the last two days than ever before. “I won’t tell, Mom, I promise.”
Waiting until she left to get up, I couldn’t remember if I ever took my clothes off or not. I looked over at the window and noticed I’d forgotten to pull the screen back down. My heart started that familiar staccato beat I always got after getting caught doing something wrong. But my mother hadn’t noticed.
Quickly going to the window, I closed the screen. The sound of the girl’s voice screaming after us came back to me, petrifying me. Would someone there report us? The whole thing made no sense. In spite of the fear, I couldn’t get her voice out of my head; the sweet, begging cry. I felt she was calling after me, not Paul.
Entering the kitchen, my mother had breakfast ready for me. I tried to focus on the effort she’d made and not fantasize about the girl.
“They’re good, Mom, thank you.”
“I’ll save some of this for your father’s dinner tonight,” she said, pleased. “Something extra.”
I took another big bite of the light, fluffy pancake with real maple syrup. My father and grandmother and I tapped the maple trees in the neighborhood, letting the sap drain into buckets. “Where is everyone?”
“Stephanie and Peter took baby Steve to the clinic today and Yiayia is in back, working in the garden.” Pausing, her uncomfortable hesitation permeated the room.
“What?” I asked.
“About yesterday,” she said. “Daddy and I want to tell you, Stevie. We want you to know about things. That whole mess yesterday, that’s just the tip of the iceberg.”
“What does that mean?”
“It just means there are many things about life that you’ll learn when you’re a little older. We’re not allowed to tell you, you see. Because of our history, any opinions we have will affect what we teach you. Each person’s thoughts are colored by their experiences. That’s what we’re taught now.” She rubbed her cheek trying to explain to me. “The Council doesn’t want that. They want to be in control of what your generation thinks. It’s too late for people my age because we remember what it was like before all of this happened.”
“What happened?” I asked.
But she shook her head. “You must trust me, Steve. The less you know, the safer you’ll be. That’s why Mrs. Polsky calling out one word was so detrimental. It got you and the boys thinking about things you don’t need to know about yet.”
She turned away and I could tell she was sorry she’d spoken.
“Eat up your breakfast.”
For not wanting to talk about the past, everyone was sure talking a lot about it and I was getting confused. I put my plate in the sink when the familiar tap on the door alerted me that my buddies were waiting for me outside.
“If you can, don’t get caught up in a conversation with the boys about what happened yesterday,” Rose said, kissing my cheek.
“I won’t, Mom,” I replied.
As long as the others were with us, Paul and I wouldn’t say a word about where we’d gone the night before. It was eerie, the memory of the girl in the uniform on the other side of the fence, looking like a prisoner. Her screams for us not to go reverberated through my head. I wondered if the others surrounded her when she called after us. I was too afraid to look back.
I wasn’t in the mood to horse around, choosing to dwell on what I remembered, what I was able to see in the dark woods. The little light which filtered through the leaves of the trees settled on her head, golden light reflecting off her hair. A glimpse of white teeth and the whites of her eyes were all I could see.
While Joe and Paul argued about goalie techniques, I fantasized about going back to Tiresias, alone. I’d have to sneak through the front door because my bedroom window was too high to reach to get back inside. Unless I took a ladder from the shed after my uncle was inside for the night. I could rest it against the window, then pull it in after me and hide it under the bed. The only time it would be problematic was if Uncle Peter needed it for some reason, or my mother got the notion to clean my room. Maybe I could do it myself that afternoon and make sure she saw the effort I’d made; it would deter her need to run the dust mop underneath my bed.
Enough time had passed that I felt like I could leave my friends without their suspicions being roused. “I’m getting hungry,” I lied. “Lunch time.”
Paul looked at me; I detected worry. We still hadn’t mentioned what we’d done. It was a secret best left unspoken if what our parents had warned us about was true.
I left them and walked home. The cool breeze from the morning had evaporated, replaced with stifling heat, a mirage of rippling waves of heat just feet in front of me as I walked, disappearing as soon as I reached it.
“You’re back already?” Rose asked, sitting on the front porch with my grandmother, fanning herself.
“I don’t feel good,” I lied, knowing the response it would generate, both women jumping to their feet.
“I’ll get mint for tea,” my grandmother said, sprinting around back.
“Come in,” Rose said. “Let me get you a cool compress. It’s this heat.”
I let her lead me, thinking it might not be too smart to play sick because surely she’d check on me in the middle of the night, thwarting my plans. “Mom, I’m just tired,” I said.
The cool dark house felt good after the heat of the pavement, and I followed her into the kitchen, hoping she’d start talking about the old days again. My grandmother would probably love sharing the past, but my mother always shushed her if she even spoke a word.
“Sit down,” Rose said, pulling a chair out for me. Automatically, her hand whipped out, palm to my forehead. “You don’t feel warm. It’s sweltering out there. Maybe you’re dehydrated.”
I chuckled. “Mom, I’m not that, whatever it is. Don’t worry.”
“Just drink,” she said, pouring a glass of water from the filtered pitcher. “You can never have too much water in this heat.”
Trying to draw my mother and grandmother into reminiscing proved fruitless. Although I’d found them relaxing on the porch when I got home, now they had too much work to do that afternoon to sit around making small talk.
“Go back outside,” Rose said. “School is starting soon and you’ll be sorry you didn’t take advantage of your freedom.”
Begrudgingly, I left the house and found my friends again. Paul didn’t mention anything and although I was curious about his silence, I didn’t push. Involving him in my plan was too dangerous, the fewer people who knew what I was doing, the better. Looking back, there was a hint of possessiveness, too. I didn’t want to share the girl with Paul.
My dad’s bus arrived on time. I waited on the sidewalk and when I saw him step off, I ran to meet him. Ruffling my hair, my dad made me feel better about everything just by being home. My mother had dinner ready.
“Get cleaned up for dinner, Stevie,” she said after kissing my father hello.
As usual, we ate together, the talk superficial tonight, avoiding any mention of Mrs. Polsky or banned words. The relief in my parent’s voices drove home the fact that we’d dodged a bullet so to speak. If it happened again, if anyone slipped and uttered a forbidden word or phrase in public, we might get our dreaded visit from The Council Police.
My dad smoked his after dinner cigar on the front porch while he read the paper. The paper was a community effort, like bread baking and childcare and gardening; allowed by the law, but not necessarily encouraged. As long as the paper reported the mundane; accidents, gossip, information about food, electricity and water distribution, its publication could continue. No one ever wrote anything about the past, or current government concerns, or laws. If the information didn’t touch on opinion, it was allowed. Knowing this, he read it each night, not having any expectations, shaking his head in amusement at the ridiculousness of it.
But tonight, something made him angry. Jabbing the paper with his finger, he shook it at my mother. “Did you read this? They’re shutting the water off now during the day!”
“George, it’s only for an hour,” she said. “You won’t even be home.”
“Just make sure you have a bucket filled to flush the toilet,” he said.
“I wonder what they’re trying to prepare us for now,” she whispered, looking from my dad to his mother to me.
“What does that mean?” I asked.
“It means slowly they make things worse so we don’t realize how bad it is,” my grandmother answered. “It’s been the norm since the revolution. They say they’re going to make changes which will be beneficial, but in reality, it’s to our detriment. I wouldn’t be surprised if the next thing to go is running water.”
I couldn’t imagine not having water, but when I prepared to leave the house for Tiresias that night, their conversation had made such a big impact, I remembered to take water with me.
My father put a halt to the conversation when Stephanie and Peter got back from the clinic with baby Steve, not willing to take the chance that Peter could not be trusted with a critical conversation.
“It took all day?” my mother asked, taking the baby from Aunt Stephanie.
“We waited for over eight hours to see an intern who had to refer to a text book every time we asked a question. He said the little guy has an ear infection.” Stephanie kissed the baby’s cheek.
“What’d they say to do for him?”
“Give him tea made with oregano,” Uncle Peter said. “It’s got antibiotic properties.”
“Why didn’t they just give him an antibiotic then?” My grandmother asked.
“The intern said they don’t have any,” Stephanie replied. “‘We’re all out,’ were his exact words.”
“How can a clinic be out of antibiotics?” my mother asked. “I’ve never heard of such a thing.”
“It’s the new normal. Another new normal,” Peter replied. “The intern said they won’t be getting more antibiotics because the drug companies aren’t making any.”
“Oh, that’s a lie,” my grandmother said, hitting her palm on the table.
“I’m surprised the drug companies are still in business,” Rose said.
“I bet the politicians can get all the drugs they need,” Stephanie said. “Antibiotics included.”
“Makes sense,” my father replied. “No one in Europe Town has the money to buy drugs anyway. If we could rely on the government to provide what we needed…”
“George, watch it,” Rose whispered, nodding toward me. “Anyway, we have plenty of oregano, don’t we Yiayia?”
“Tons,” my grandmother answered. “We should probably all be drinking oregano tea.”
“Yuck,” Stephanie said. “I’ll pass.”
“You expect your baby to drink it, you should, too.”
“I’ll put sugar in his,” she said, yawning.
“Sugar will be the last thing to go, mark my word,” my father said. “It makes people sick so they die sooner.”
“I’d die without sugar,” Peter said. “Tobacco, too.”
“The two most important food groups, provided to the masses free of charge from The Council.”
“That’s my signal to leave,” Stephanie said, taking the baby back from my mother, kissing his cheek again. “Say goodnight, Stevie.”
Everyone waved at the baby and said, “Nitey nite, Baby.”
Although it was on all the adult’s minds, no one voiced the proverbial question in front of me; what would life be like in the near future? Could it be much worse than it was now? It was an old discussion they’d save for another time, when they could drink ouzo and stay up all night, only soon, I’d be welcome to join in.
“I guess I’ve had it, too,” my dad said, yawning.
The exodus to our separate rooms began. It was early, not yet ten and I wasn’t going to leave until after midnight, hoping to see the girl behind the fence at the same time I had the night before. I could hear my mother puttering around her room, my father already snoring. The time had come to go out to the shed for the ladder. I sat in my dark room, willing my eyes to grow accustomed to the dark so I didn’t need to use my flashlight.
The screen went up easily without a squeak. I was careful not to scrape my back on the threshold this time, twisting around as I dropped out of the window. The distance to the ground didn’t feel as far the second time. I could see lights shining from the basement, my grandmother probably sewing or settling down to read before bedtime. I didn’t waste any time, carefully getting the ladder out of the shed, dragging it to my window, climbing back into my room. I wanted to be in bed, resting with the lights off in case my mother came in. I closed the screen, pulled the shade down, and waited.
I must have fallen asleep, because sometime after midnight, my mother came to check on me and when she left, the click of the door woke me up. I grabbed the clock on my nightstand and saw that it was time to leave. Repeating the procedure of the night before, I pulled my jeans on over my pajama bottoms. Slipping my arms into a zip up sweatshirt in case I got cold, a hood to hide under, the bottle of water fitting in the pocket perfectly.
Carefully climbing out of the window, having the ladder was much easier than jumping down. I placed the ladder on its side, against the house, just in case. Repeating the route we took the night before, the only time I was really frightened was crossing the street. The remote areas looked worse when I was alone, the abandoned houses foreboding, the hoot of an owl making my heart pound in my throat until I thought of what the owl stood for. The wise owl was my protector. If anyone came close, he’d fly off as a warning. I tried to remember that as I hiked through the woods.
Within the hour, I arrived at the fence. Hiding behind the same tree, I heard voices off in the distance, the tinkle of a woman’s laughter, a more hearty sound of an older man’s. I couldn’t see anyone yet, so I sat with my back against the tree to wait.
A group of people, adults and children appeared suddenly, walking along the fence, dressed in the same uniform-type outfit I’d recognized from the night before. It seemed they were walking the perimeter of an area for exercise, confirmed by their conversation.
“This is the fifth lap,” a female voice said. “Half way there.”
“Oh, do we have to do ten?” Another female whined, a familiar voice. “Why, oh why? This is pure torture.”
“Penelope, you’re lazy,” followed by more laughter.
“Lazy, but smart,” a male voice said. “This is a drag.”
“Let’s keep going,” the hearty male voice said. “We’ll be glad we did when we can’t walk this winter.”
“Oh, winter,” Penelope wailed. “Why ruin a perfectly good evening talking about winter? I don’t even want to think about winter yet.”
“Winter’s great. We don’t have to do a thing but sit around and eat.”
“Penelope would never sit around and eat,” a woman remarked. “She’d be too concerned about getting fat.”
The bickering and teasing of the girl, Penelope continued until the group was out of sight, only the occasional moan or cackle of laughter heard in the distance. Pulling the hood of my sweatshirt up, I leaned back against the tree. I had no idea of the length of their walk, but if they had five more laps to do, I was certain they’d reappear before too long.
I wanted to see the girl again. Her name was Penelope; she didn’t like winter or exercise, and it appeared she was easily teased for being lazy and proud. The only way I could get her attention was if she lagged behind the others as she’d done the previous night when she’d heard Paul’s whispered voice. Sound carried in the woods.
Closing my eyes, I was tired and scared. It was foolish for me to come out here alone, now that the group was out of hearing range, my plan seemed ridiculous, my fear increasing. There was no way I could get Penelope’s attention without alerting the others.
“Who are you?”
The surprise of the whispered voice hit me in the chest like a hot poker, chills and prickles of fear spreading through me rapidly.
“Where are you?” I whispered back, heart pounding.
Stepping out from behind a tree, the form of Penelope walked toward the fence, her gold hair catching the moonlight again so I was able to see her silhouette clearly.
“You didn’t answer me,” she said, persistent. “Who are you? If you won’t answer that, at least have the decency to tell me what you want.”
I had a decision to make. I could run like the wind and crawl up the ladder to my bed, or I could stay and engage her, tell her what my motive was, run the risk of putting myself in serious trouble.
“I’m curious,” I answered. It was the truth.
“Ha! How’d you even find out about this place? It’s supposed to be such a big secret from the mainlanders.”
“Mainlanders?” I asked, never having heard the word.
“You know,” she said. “Free people. You people who live on the mainland are free. We islanders have to stay here, like caged animals.”
Another term I’d never heard; caged animals. “You use a lot of words I’ve never heard before,” I replied, my youth suddenly so obvious. “How old are you?”
Pausing, it didn’t occur to me that she was trying to decide what to tell me. “Fifteen,” she finally answered. “How old are you?”
“Thirteen,” I lied. Twelve just seemed too young.
“Did you travel far to get here?” she asked.
“No, not too far,” I said.
“What kind of boat did you take?”
I was completely confused. “Boat?”
“Oh, come on. You know what a boat is, don’t you? A vessel that floats on the water? How’d you get to the island? Did you row or have a power boat?”
“I didn’t take a boat,” I said. “I walked.”
She took a step closer to the fence, intertwining her fingers through the mesh. “Impossible,” she said.
“No, it’s not. It took me less than an hour to get here.”
“The others are coming,” she said urgently, looking off to the east. “Meet me here at five.”
“I can’t,” I said urgently. “I have to get back before five.”
She thought for a moment, looking right at me. “I don’t understand why,” she said. “Well, let’s see, I might be able to come back in an hour. Can you wait that long?”
“Yes,” I said. “I’ll wait.”
Sunrise was at six. I couldn’t see my watch, but it had to be around two. If she came back in an hour, I had no idea how long we’d visit but I’d have to be careful not to stay much later. I needed to get home and get the ladder stashed under my bed before my dad got up for work.
“Wait! One more thing before you go,” I said, finding the courage to stand up.
Turning back to me, she grasped the fence again. “Yes?”
“How’d you know I was here?”
“I could hear rustling,” she said. “I’ll be back in an hour.”
I watched her disappear again, waiting back in the woods until the group rounded the bend where she joined in, the droning of their voices repeating the same pattern, becoming louder the closer they got and fading as they walked away. I fell asleep shortly after the last round, but thankfully, she returned within the hour, waking me up.
“Are you still there?” she called out softly.
“I’m here,” I answered, the heaviness of sleep leaving immediately with the prospect of talking with the girl. I stood up against the tree again, the bark rough through the sweatshirt fabric. “Do you know what time it is? I can’t see my watch.
I watched her hand go to her wrist. “It’s three-thirty,” she answered.
“I have to leave in half an hour,” I said. “It’ll take me an hour to get home and I have to get in my room before my dad gets up.”
“Why do you have to sneak?” she asked.
I thought about why I had to sneak around for a moment, the way one word had changed my perspective of the world. What did I have to lose by telling her the truth?
“We aren’t supposed to know about this place until we’re adults,” I replied, the facts sounding so silly spoken out loud. “I mean, I think they wait until we’re adults to tell us. Me and my friend found out about it by accident.”
“When you say this place, you mean the island, correct?” she asked.
“Well, it’s not really an island,” I said. “It’s a fenced-in area west of our town.”
“It’s not an island,” she replied, stunned. “Of course. How else would you have walked here!”
“I guess you could say it’s an island in the middle of the woods, but it’s not an actual island floating in the sea. Or a lake.”
“Hmmm. Interesting. I wonder if the adults here know that. I wonder if my dad knows.”
I looked around, at the double fence and the woods that went on for miles. “Can you get out?”
“Do you mean off the island? No. I can’t swim.”
I didn’t bother repeating that there was no water. “Is a town in there?” I asked.
“Not like a town you read about in books. There are houses, a distribution center. A hospital.”
I was befuddled, for lack of a better word. “Where does your dad work?” I asked.
“My dad doesn’t live here. He’s a farmer. He has a small place east of the city.”
“What does he grow?” I asked, picturing a garden the size of my grandmother’s backyard oasis.
“Vegetables,” she said. “What else is there?”
The conversation about crops was quickly dying. I yawned, looked at my watch to no avail, and felt the anxiety building. “I’d better leave. What time is it?”
She repeated the movement of her hand to her wrist. “It’s after four. You’d better go. Will you come back tonight?”
I didn’t have to give it a thought. “Yes. I’ll be back at midnight again, unless something happens. Goodbye for now.”
“Wait! What’s your name?” she asked.
“Steve,” I said. “And you’re Penelope?”
“Yes. Penelope. I’ll see you tonight, Steve.”
I waved to her, but she didn’t wave back. “Be careful,” she said. “Goodbye.”
“Bye,” I answered, reluctantly turning from her.
Fear I wouldn’t get home in time to get back in the window propelled me along at a faster pace than I thought I was capable of going. Before five I was back in bed, the ladder under my bed and the screen closed. The temperature had dropped, and I pulled the blanket that my mother had left folded at the foot my bed up over my body.
Quickly falling asleep, I was only awakened once; my father poked his head in my room before he left for the bus. “Morning, Dad,” I mumbled, looking up at him.
“Morning, Son,” he replied. “Sorry to wake you. I’ll see you tonight.”
Pulling the sheet and blanket up to my neck, I rolled over on my side and fell back to sleep.
Chapter 4
By the end of the week, I was exhausted from a multitude of factors; lack of sleep, running back and forth to see Penelope, and keeping my guard up not to slip about her when I was with Paul. He didn’t suspect anything, probably never would guess what I had been up to. In our group, I had the reputation of being something of a momma’s boy. I wasn’t adventuresome or dare-devilish. Running through the woods to pursue a girl would be the last thing my friends would think me capable of.
During our meetings that week, Penelope and I worked out a plan we’d follow for the rest of the summer. Because she didn’t finish with her group walk until two-thirty, I would arrive then instead of leaving my house at midnight and waiting for her. I set my alarm for one-thirty, giving me plenty of time to get down the ladder and negotiate the miles to Tiresias.
I almost got caught the first time I’d left the house at the later time. I didn’t see The Council Police vehicle until it was almost on top of me, its headlights skimming the edge of my body when I dropped to the ground, face buried in the dirt. The lights swept over me, the car not pausing for a second, going on its way. I didn’t know if they were looking for someone or on their regular rounds. By Friday, I was ready for them, hugging the trees, dropping out of site when they approached; having figured it was the beat they drove each night.
When I arrived, she’d waited for me at the fence. I walked up to the electric fence, careful not to get too close.
She’d remind me. “You’re getting a little close,” she’d said, her voice giving away her anxiety. I grew up during those first days with her. We’d spend an hour talking, and I didn’t notice that she was asking all the questions.
“Do you go to school?”
“Yeah,” I said, frowning; didn’t everybody? “I’m going into eighth grade. What about you?”
“We don’t have grades inside,” she said. “There’s nothing else to do but go to school, until you work.”
“It’s the same out here,” I said. That’s how we differentiated; she was inside, I was out here. “We go to school and then we work. Some people go to college.”
“We don’t have college,” she said. “I’ve heard of it, but it’s not for us.”
“Why? College should be for everyone. My mom says I don’t have the option not to go.”
“We don’t have it here and we can’t go out to get it.”
I wanted to ask why she couldn’t go out. I didn’t understand, but didn’t go further with it because talking about her being inside seemed to upset her.
“What do you do on the weekend?” I asked.
“Nothing different than usual,” she said. “Is it special for you?”
“It’s really special,” I said, my childishness shining through. “Everyone looks forward to the weekend all week long. My family stays up until after midnight playing cards or games. My mom always makes something special for us to eat.”
“Do you have a girlfriend?” she asked.
“No. Do you have a boyfriend?”
“No, but I’d like to have one,” she said. “And since you’re available…”
I realize now I was so young that I didn’t get it that she coming on to me. Instead of continuing flirting with her, it occurred to me it wouldn’t be easy to sneak out over the weekend. “I don’t think I’ll be able to get here until Monday morning.”
“Oh, no! I’m so disappointed,” Penelope said. “I can’t wait until Monday.”
Seeing her, making the trip each night meant a lot to me, too, but I didn’t see how I could continue doing it, especially once school started.
“Can you get out?” I asked.
We hadn’t discussed why she was inside yet. I had a feeling she assumed I knew the story when in actuality, I didn’t have a clue. That bible verse came to me, like should dwell with like.
“I’ve never tried,” she replied. Stepping up to the fence, she intertwined her fingers in the mesh again, pressing her body against the mesh. The action tantalized me. “Can you come closer?”
“No, because of this fence,” I said, reminding her. “It’s electric.”
“Oh, right. Can you find a break in it?”
I was getting nervous about the time. I never thought that there might be a place where I could get through to the inner fence. “Maybe I can find one another night. I’d better get going,” I said, the wrath of my mother more powerful than my feelings for Penelope.
“I’m not ready to say goodbye yet,” she cried. “You just got here.”
“I wish I could stay,” I said, trying to placate her. “But I’ll get in trouble with my mother if she catches me.”
“Little boy needs to run home to mommy,” she tormented me.
Embarrassed, but I didn’t argue because she was right. “Yep, that’s me,” I said, burning with shame. If she could see my mortification in the dark, she didn’t let on. “I’m sorry.”
Sighing, it was apparent she felt badly about teasing me. “I’m sorry, too. I’m just so disappointed. We need to find out a way to be together without this fence between us. Fences.”
“Well, I’ll say goodbye now,” I said, starting to walk away. I wasn’t happy about having to leave but it seemed pointless to have the debate. “I’ll be back Monday morning.”
“Monday morning! You might as well stay away forever.”
I was too young to think of a retaliatory remark. “I don’t want to stay away,” I said, my voice one level from an outright whine.
It shook her up, realizing she’d upset me. “I’m sorry again,” she said. “Get home safe. And I’ll see you Monday morning.”
I waved goodbye, but she stood as still as a statute, the expression on her face unreadable in the dark. “You could at least wave goodbye,” I said.
“Oh, of course,” she answered, lifting her hand to wave. It was an awkward movement, and it occurred to me she probably didn’t have many opportunities to say goodbye to anyone because no one in her circle had ever left.
I ran the course without problems. Climbing up the ladder, I swung my leg over the sill. Pulling the ladder in after me, the thought occurred that in the morning before Peter got up, I should find a way to get it back to the shed, at least for the weekend. But for the time being, exhausted, I got into bed and fell fast asleep.
The next morning, the weekend in full swing, my mother let me sleep until eleven when the boys came to the door looking for me. “Steve. Steve,” she whispered, shaking my shoulder. “It’s almost lunch time. You’d better get up or you won’t be able to sleep tonight.”
“When do we ever sleep on Saturday?” I moaned, realizing it was too late to get rid of the ladder.
“The boys are here. Get dressed and you can eat something before you go out.”
I wasn’t ready to face my pals. I’d managed to avoid them during the week, staying busy, using the excuse of helping my grandmother in the garden as the harvest began. That wouldn’t work on Saturday. No one was allowed to work on Saturday or Sunday unless it was for the Coalition. It was the law.
“I still don’t feel so good,” I said, revitalizing my earlier lie.
“Fresh air and fun will do you good,” she insisted, squeezing my toe. “I knew you were spending too much time in that dank garden of your yiayia’s.”
Resigned, I pulled the covers back, forgetting I’d never taken my jeans off when I got home. Bothered, my mother looked at my jeans and then at me.
“Sleeping in your clothes again, huh?”
“I got cold and they were right on my bed,” I said, sounding convincing.
“It did get cold last night,” she replied, noting pajama bottoms sticking out of the bottom of my jeans. “I’ll get you another blanket.”
I didn’t argue with her. “I’m hungry,” I said, any mention of food always a good thing.
“I’ll get your breakfast,” she said. “Or lunch. Do you want lunch?”
“What’s for lunch today?” I asked, knowing that it was the same thing across town. Everyone had cheese for lunch on Saturday.
“Cheese soufflé, but we’re having grilled cheese because we have bread!”
“I’ll have lunch,” I said.
“Brush your teeth and change your underpants,” Rose said.
“Right, Mom,” I answered. “I think I’ve got it. Can you leave please and I’ll do it? Jeesh.”
Laughing, she left my room, closing the door.
I gathered my clothes to use the bathroom. Voices coming from the kitchen signaled my friends were there, sitting around the table, getting the third degree from my father. I closed the bathroom door, wishing I could hide in my bedroom for the rest of the day. I stood over the sink and looked in the mirror. I’d grown up over night. That face staring back wasn’t a little boy; I’d become a teenager.
Brushing my teeth with eyes closed, I thought of Penelope again. Although we’d only seen each other in the dark, if the moon was bright enough, the light shined on her face and hair, her skin pale and hair golden; I thought she was beautiful. I was at the first blush of new love that, in a young man, is everlasting. That morning, standing at the sink, I made the decision that I had to find a way to be with her, even if I got caught. What could they do to me that would be so bad? Send me away? I had no concept of away. In our time, people didn’t travel or take vacations. It wasn’t necessary. I supposed they could kill me. I wasn’t afraid of death, yet. I didn’t associate death with pain. We’d been taught that death was freedom from pain.
Saturday was fun, playing games with my family and pals. The people next door opened up their yard for everyone. There was a communal meal which included contraband meats grilled and each family’s favorite side dishes. We listened to music and danced, visited with the neighbors. Mrs. Polsky pretended to ignore me, but I could see her following me with her eyes. I wondered if she knew what I was doing. Peter never needed the ladder, and I forgot about it stashed under my bed until I needed to use it again.
By Saturday night, I knew I wouldn’t last until Monday. Even my friends noticed. Paul approached me.
“What’s going on, dude, you’re acting like a jerk.”
I shoved him for a distraction, starting a wrestling match. We spent the evening chasing each other like kids will do, making the night fly by. Paul and the others soon forgot about my odd behavior.
My family went to bed by one Sunday morning, and as soon as I was sure they were sleeping, I flew out the window, running as fast as I could get to Tiresias. Hopefully, Penelope would pass by our spot with her walking group and stop to check, just in case.
I arrived earlier than usual, closer to two. I put my backpack on the ground and twisted the cap off the water bottle.
“Steve! Is that you?” Penelope called out.
“It’s me,” I said, incredulous. “How’d you know I’d be here?”
“I didn’t know, I was just hoping. But you’ll never believe,” she said, the excitement in her voice clear.
“What!” I said.
“I found a spot with a break in the fence. It’s about a mile from here. Do you want to follow me?”
The anticipation of being physically closer to Penelope was incredible. “Yes, I’ll follow you,” I said, my voice squeaking, a reminder of my youth.
“Come,” she said, waving her hand.
I followed her on the opposite side of the fence. “How’d you find the break?” I asked.
“My father told me about it,” she said.
A rush of heat went through my body. I hoped she hadn’t told this father of hers about me visiting. Confused, I wondered what kind of a father would allow his daughter to live in a prison and propagate the lie that it was an island. Holding my tongue, I knew it was rude and possibly hurtful to her to ask why she didn’t live with her family.
“Does your mother live there, too?”
“She’s dead,” Penelope answered.
A parent dying was so far from my reality, I couldn’t imagine the insecurity it would foster. “Oh,” I said, searching for words. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault,” she answered. “I didn’t know her anyway. She died when I was a baby. I got the virus from her.”
“Virus?” I asked, trudging alone. She moved pretty fast and I had trouble keeping up with her.
“You know,” she said. “The blindness virus.”
I had no idea what she was talking about. “How much farther until we get to this place?” I asked.
“We’re almost there,” she said.
We walked a few hundred yards further when she stopped. “It’s close,” she said, reaching her hands out. “Here it is.”
It was then that I noticed she was feeling along the fence for the opening. It wasn’t really an opening; the pole cemented into the ground stopped the chain link fence at a tree with a huge circumference, beyond which a stone wall with wrought iron stanchions across the top began. It looked ancient. I wondered if this was the original sanitarium Paul’s father had told him about.
“Can you see if the electric fence ends here, too?”
I walked beyond our stopping point and didn’t see evidence that the fence was electrified in any way. “Yes, I think it ends. I’ll touch the brick wall.”
“Be careful!” she cried.
I wasn’t sure if a brick wall could even be electrified. Carefully, I reached out a finger and nothing. “I didn’t get a shock,” I called out.
“Can you climb over?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
Looking up, I saw the pointed reinforcements marching across the top and imagined getting impaled on it. “Maybe I can climb this tree,” I said.
It would certainly be easier to climb the tree than the wall.
“Hurry and try,” she said. “I can’t wait.”
I felt around the tree and there was a divot about two feet from the ground. If I could get my toe up there, I might be able to boost myself up to the crotch of a two large limbs.
It was a success. “Now if I can figure out how to get down from here without killing myself.”
Penelope was standing under the tree, looking up at me. “Can I help?” she asked.
“I don’t know yet,” I said, uncertain what to try first. “Move away, please,” I said, not wanting to drop down on her.
I didn’t know if I should risk getting scratched up shimmying down the tree or try to jump. Feeling along the limb which hung over to the inside, I decided it would be less risky to creep out and drop to the ground. I wasn’t thinking about how I was going to get out of there once I was inside.
My plan worked. With a whoop, I let myself fall on my rear end, lessening the impact of the drop on my knees. I stood up quickly, embarrassed, brushing my clothes off.
“Are you okay?” Penelope asked.
Busy straightening myself up, I didn’t notice anything untoward, yet. “Yep,” I said. “Nothing to it.”
She stood a distance, facing me, not coming closer. She looked right at me, but I noticed immediately that something was wrong. She didn’t see me, although she was looking at me. “You’re really Steve?”
“Yep, it’s me,” I answered.
Taking a step closer to her, I was shocked. I could see she wasn’t fifteen, her face thin and adult. “Penelope?” I asked.
“Yes,” she said. “Are you disappointed?”
“No,” I replied, confused. “Disappointed about what? I thought you were fifteen,” I said. “How old are you?”
Hesitating, I knew she was going to lie again. “Eighteen,” she answered, her head bowed. “I’m eighteen.”
“Why’d you lie?”
“I wanted you to like me,” she said. “You were the first outside boy here in a long time. I’m so lonely. But I didn’t think you’d go for an older girl and I was right.”
I looked at her carefully, avoiding looking into her eyes, afraid she’d see that I was intimidated by her. She had beautiful hair; golden curls that tumbled over her shoulders. Her mouth was a doll’s mouth, painted into a perfect cupid’s bow, but I wasn’t sure if it was lipstick or not.
The problem was that I didn’t know enough about women. I took the time to run my eyes over her body and she didn’t seem to mind. The women in my neighborhood wore undergarments that molded and restricted their bodies, removing any of the life which men evidently found tantalizing. Penelope didn’t have anything like that on under her clothing which was made of a thin cotton fabric, unstructured, tied around her waist. Her breasts were mobile, and for a young boy, mesmerizing. She was soft and round and I wondered if being with her was going to mark the end of my sexual innocence. My mother would be so angry.
“That’s not true,” I said finally answering her, relaxing. “I don’t care how old you are. I just don’t like to be lied to.”
I was so in over my head. This was a woman looking for a man, not a young boy. It was slowly sinking in that Penelope had something physically wrong with her, but I was too young to figure it out yet. It wasn’t until she held out her hand for me and moved closer that it began to sink in. The shock made me lose my manners.
Her eyes were colorless. Up close, I saw that although she had pupils, they were devoid of color.
“Can’t you see?” I asked, appalled, releasing her hand.
My throat constricted, nausea rising. I’d never known a blind person, or heard of anyone who was blind. Even the word blind was used descriptively; stop shining that light in my eyes, you’re blinding me, or I must need new glasses, I’m as blind as a bat. The idea of blindness was as dreadful to me as losing a limb. Paul’s grandfather had lost his hand in a mining accident. The first time I saw what was left of it, the stump, they called it, it sickened me. I had to leave Paul’s house, telling my friends I needed to go home early that day.
Penelope’s eyes had the same affect on me. I wished I could scale the fence and run. I couldn’t imagine kissing her, as I had in my dreams. The thought of getting that close to her face, with those eyes was sickening.
“No,” she answered sadly. “I’m blind. I thought you knew.”
“No, I didn’t know,” I replied, hoping with each word said that I wasn’t making her feel worse.
“Oh, that’s right. You’re only thirteen,” she said, sighing. “But you’ll learn in school soon. I’ve heard the truth is told when you become teenagers, at the same time they teach you about menstruation or how babies are made. They don’t want to upset the little kids with stories of people losing their eyesight.”
A body rush starting at my toes worked its way up my body, a combination of adult topics both embarrassing and titillating, and a sense of danger, that here was someone who was not only forbidden to be close to me, but also to speak of these things.
“How did you go blind?” I asked softly, not sure how she would react to such a personal question, but I had to know.
“Like I said, my mother got sick with the virus when I was born,” she said. “Before she died, I caught it from her. It took a few years to incubate until I finally got sick, real sick and then I lost my sight.”
“Why would I learn in school that you’re blind?”
She had bent down to pick up a piece of grass and was shredding it, rolling the threads into balls and flicking them to the side. “What are you talking about?”
“When I said I didn’t know you were blind, you said that I’d be taught something about it at the same time I’d learn about…those other things. Why would they teach me about you?”
“It’s not just me, Steve,” she said, vehemently. “Everyone here is blind. We’re all blind. That’s why we live here.”
Staggered, my mouth gaping open, I couldn’t believe what she said. A city of blind people lived behind a fence? It made no sense to me. She must mean the people she walked with each night were also blind.
I took a step toward her, to try to close the gap I felt the discussion about her sight had made, compassion overflowing. The news suddenly made me incomprehensibly sad. A human being, someone I was growing fond of, lived away from her father and I assumed other family members because she was different. For the first time in my young life, I understood inequity. Reaching out for her hand, I tried to make up for my rudeness.
“I’m so sorry, Penelope. I’m being a jerk because I’m shocked. I didn’t know.”
“No, you didn’t, so it’s hardly your fault,” she said, tossing her hair.
Watching her face while she spoke helped me to get used to her eyes, to their vacancy. It might have been the dark that emphasized the strangeness.
“Can I feel your face?” she asked.
“Why?” I didn’t want her to feel my face. It sounded weird and embarrassing.
“I don’t know what you look like,” she answered. “My fingertips will show me your face.”
“I guess so,” I agreed, trying not to be childish.
She took a step closer to me, and her diminutiveness was more apart up close. It took all of my will power not to reach out and pull her to me. Reaching up with her hands, she placed them gently on my face and began to probe, pressing on my cheeks, skimming over my closed eyes, squeezing my nose.
“You’re taller than I thought you’d be,” she said.
“I don’t think I’m finished growing,” I said proudly.
She continued with her examination. I’d never given much thought to hygiene until that night, letting my mother’s reminders and occasional insults guide me. I’d be much more careful after this.
Her hands didn’t stop at my face, probing my neck. Giggling, she took a step back, placing her hands on my shoulders. “What?” I asked, self-conscious.
“You’re grimacing,” she said. “I can tell you didn’t like that. But now I know what you look like. You look nice.”
Too uncomfortable to reply, my body reacting to her touch, she resumed her examination, sliding her hands down my shoulders, feeling my chest. I closed my eyes, the sensation wonderful, stimulating. I tensed up when she reached my waist and thankfully, she stopped.
“How do I look to you?” she asked, holding her arms out at her side. Turning around in a circle, I looked at her carefully. “You can touch me it you want.”
“You look nice, too,” I answered quickly, ignoring her invitation, the fear I’d lose control aided by Rose’s frowning face shimmering in a mirage in front of me. “But how can you really tell how I look with your hands?”
“I guess I can’t really. But I like certain features in a face and you seem to have them. You have a clear complexion, a nice big nose and a full mouth. I don’t like thin lips,” she said, moving closer. Then, in a sultry voice, “Would you kiss me?”
I gave out a nervous cackle, worrying about my breath. I’d brush my teeth before I visited her next time. “No, I don’t think so. Not yet.”
Now if it had been Paul there with her, he’d have pushed her to the ground and done all sorts of things to her, his words when he talked about girls. But I wasn’t ready to kiss her. I’d never kissed.
“I’m so disappointed,” she said, pouting, running her hands down her body seductively. “I thought you’d jump at the chance to kiss me.”
“We should probably get to know each other first,” I said, looking away, barely able to abstain.
I felt ridiculous, it was something I’d heard my aunt say once, whispering to my mother. She’d wished she’d gotten to know Peter better before they jumped into bed. “And I’d better think about getting home.”
“You just got here,” she said.
“Remember, I wasn’t coming back until Monday so this is a special.”
“It’s not that special if you’re not even going to kiss me,” she whined.
I thought, oh when the heck, and leaned forward, planting one on her cheek. It was a kiss I’d give my yiayia, but it seemed to be enough for Penelope.
“Aw, thank you,” she said, smiling. “I guess it is about that time.”
“How am I going to get over the fence? I need to get up to that limb.”
“If you stand on my back can you reach?”
“I’ll hurt you,” I said, taken aback.
“No you won’t,” she said. “It’s like playing leap frog. Let me get down on my hands and knees and you see if you can reach standing on me.”
I agreed reluctantly, and although I felt like I was too heavy for her, I was able to quickly grab the wrought iron across the top of the wall to pull myself up. The drop on the other side was a little further, but I hung on the wall for a bit so it wasn’t too hard.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“I’m fine. Are you going to walk with me?”
It was easier for us to chat with the fences separating us. During the mile walk back was the first time I talked about myself. I caught myself saying childish things an adolescent would say but she didn’t seem to mind. I could be myself with her. We talked in depth about her blindness, and I decided it made no difference to me.
“I was worried about my eyes,” she finally said. “Worried it would be a turn off. Guys on the mainland don’t like blind girls.”
“A turn off?” I asked, not sure of the meaning of the phrase.
“You know, they don’t want to know me because I can’t see.”
I wondered how she knew that. “You seem to get around pretty well for not being able to see,” I replied, my feeble attempt at validating her. “Did you ever see?”
“I did,” she said, “but I don’t remember much. My father’s face is clearly etched in my brain. And the color yellow. I remember my grandmother wearing a yellow linen dress on Easter Sunday. Oops, that slipped out. Never use the words Easter Sunday when you’re speaking to anyone on the mainland.
“I even remember the texture of it, smooth and supple; she’d washed and ironed it many times. It shown in the sun like gold.
“When I think about it now, everything in my head is in black and white. I see black, white and grey. But then there’s that yellow dress. Yellow has sort of taken over my memory. Everything I see is contaminated by the color yellow.”
We reached the place where I’d leave for home. “I guess this is it,” I said, mystified about what she’d said. “I won’t be able to come back tomorrow, but I’ll see you the next day.”
“Okay. But I won’t pretend I’m happy about that. Goodbye,” she said, thankfully not dragging out the goodbyes.
The trip home was filled with what ifs; what if I’d kissed her, what if she’d taken her clothes off, what if…I got home and stashed the ladder under my bed quickly before going to sleep.
The next morning began peacefully. Stephanie and Peter took the baby and left the house for the day, invited to a picnic one block over. I liked being alone with my family.
My grandmother got out a deck of cards. “Come on, my little lamb,” she said in Greek. “Humor your old yiayia and play pinochle.”
“I’d rather play chess,” I said. “You always win at pinochle.”
“Okay, chess it is. I can crochet while you stare at the board.”
But while I was supposed to be concentrating on the next play, thoughts of Penelope drifted into my head. I could almost smell her, a vinegary smell, not unpleasant, but what I would thereafter identify as being woman. The effort needed to move the chess pieces drained away and was replaced by a new distraction; desire for Penelope.
“Where are you?” Yiayia asked, concerned. “Steve to planet earth.”
“Sorry,” I said, trying to pull it together. “Do you mind if we take a break?”
“No, not at all,” she said. “I might lay down myself.”
My mother was outside somewhere, so I took advantage of the privacy and went back to my room. Now that I had the energy to entertain fantasies, I wanted to think of Penelope and see what it led to.

By Monday morning, my goal was to get as close as I could to Penelope, to let her take the lead as she’d wanted to the other night until I allowed my little boy to take over. After one that morning, slowly opening the screen, I carefully pulled the ladder out from under my bed. Only one mishap; the end of the ladder hit the metal leg of my bedframe and a small ding rang out. I cringed, waiting for the resonation to stop, expecting my mother to barge in at any second. As still as a statute, I waited. Silence permeated the house and I was free to slide the ladder out of the window to the ground, me following with one leg and then the other. I closed the screen and laid the ladder on the ground before sneaking off.
It took less than an hour to reach the fence at Tiresias. I’d brought a small backpack this time to hold my sweatshirt and a bottle of water, took it off my back and laid it at the base of the tree. Penelope hadn’t arrived yet. I’d never reached the spot without her waiting and it felt strange and lonely. Within minutes, I heard male voices, and grabbing my backpack, swung behind the tree, hopeful the voices were from the other side of the fence. I wasn’t prepared to fight. Penelope’s admission that she’d been rejected by other mainland boys sneaked in my head.
“Steve,” a masculine voice called. “We’re friends of Penelope’s.”
Hesitating, I didn’t know what to do. I wanted to run; unless they had a gun, they wouldn’t be able to get at me. But if Penelope sent them, she might have a message for me. My heart sunk with the realization I might not see her.
Stepping out from behind the tree, I expected a flashlight in the face. But I was greeted with darkness. I tried to make out faces, but it was too dark, the moon waning.
“Steve, Penelope sent us to lead you to an opening she found in the fence. Are you ready to follow us?”
A group of five men, maybe older teens, were huddled on the other side of the fence. It didn’t make any sense; she showed me the opening that weekend. But I wasn’t going to admit to them that I’d already been with her.
“Okay,” I said, leery but desperate. She wouldn’t lead me to harm, I was certain. I picked up my backpack and started to walk along the electric fence.
Observing the men, they moved as a unit in a huddle. It was strange, but I thought maybe from having lived in confinement like they did they were insecure about dealing with an outsider. I tried to be aware of the electric fence as I walked along, keeping a safe distance.
After ten minutes or maybe more, I was unable to see my watch, the men stopped. I watched them looking around on the ground, one of them squatting down and feeling around, then crawling to a large boxed in area. “This is it,” he called out. “This is the transformer for the electric fence. What does it look like on your side of the mesh?”
“What should I be looking for?” I asked, knowing this was not the same place I was able to get over the fence.
Murmuring, and then laughter, the man who I supposed was the leader spoke up. “We don’t know. Can you touch the fence beyond this point?”
The thought of purposely myself a shock was not appealing. “I’ll throw some water on it,” I said.
“Water won’t do anything,” another man said. “If it did, the whole thing would short out when it rains.”
Right. I debated touching the fence to see if it was electrified versus seeing Penelope. I reached out and touched it with the tip of my finger and the charge hit immediately, electricity running up the underpart of my arm to my neck, throwing me backwards.
“Oops! I guess it’s still activated. Too bad,” someone yelled. Laughter rang out from the group when I cried out in pain.
“Can’t you shut it off?” I asked, anger at my own stupidity transferring to the group.
“Why? So you can see Penelope?” another voice called. “Good luck, pencil neck.”
Another outburst of angry laughter was followed by a stretch of whispering. “I guess you don’t get to see her tonight,” the leader yelled. “Get going, before you get hurt.”
“Who’s going to hurt me?” I yelled back. “You’re stuck inside.”
“We’ll tell,” one of the boys in the group said. “It’s illegal to come here.”
“Why?” I cried. “Tell me why I can’t come here. What’s so special about Tiresias?”
“Ha! We don’t call it that anymore, for one thing. It just shows how ignorant the outsiders are.”
“What’s it called then?”
“We call it Eremos,” the older man said. “Paradise.”
I knew Eremos didn’t mean Paradise. In Greek, it meant lonely.
“Paradise isn’t prison,” I shrieked. “Eremos means lonely. You don’t know what you’re missing out here.”
“We know what it’s like,” he replied. “And it’s better inside.”
“Why are you there in the first place?” I knew the answer. Like with like. I was terribly close to crying and did all I was able to choke it back.
“You don’t know,” someone said skeptical. I couldn’t tell who was talking. “You’re telling us you don’t know why we’re here.”
“I don’t know!” I screamed.
It was too late, I started to cry. I did all I could to hide it, sure they’d torment me. But they didn’t seem to notice, too wrapped up in their own superiority.
It was clear I wasn’t going to see Penelope, a chance I’d never see her again. I pulled my backpack on and turned to leave. They didn’t acknowledge that I was leaving until I had reached my tree.
“Hey, are you still there?” the leader yelled.
“He’s gone,” someone else called out, the murmuring of disappointment reaching me. They’d probably hoped to torment me more, but I’d had enough and quietly snuck away.

Once I was away from the fence, I ran back home, intermittently crying and angry, aware the sun was just at the horizon in the east. I’d been out longer than I meant to be. Reaching the house, I saw right away that I’d been caught. The ladder wasn’t laying in the grass along side the house, and the window had been shut.
“Great,” I moaned, prickles of fear of my mother traveling up the back of my neck.
The only alternative was to go in through the front door. I’d have to knock if it was locked. There was no point in hiding now because I was already screwed. Walking around to the front, I smelled my dad’s cigar. Thank God it was him and not my mother.
“Hey, Dad,” I said, too scared and too wise to smile, or even smirk.
“You’ve got yourself in a jam with your mother,” he said softly.
“Oh. I thought maybe you were the one…”
“Nope, it was Rose. And she’s pissed. Just be contrite, son. You might still be in a shit load of trouble with The Council.”
“No one saw me,” I said.
“Just because you weren’t stopped doesn’t mean you weren’t seen,” he replied. “Go on in.”
I trudged up the stairs to the front door, pausing to listen as Rose gave my grandmother an earful. “Maybe he should stay in Greek school,” she shouted.
“Sis, you’ll wake the baby,” Stephanie pleaded. “It’s bad enough you have all of us up this early.”
I’d learn that after discovering I wasn’t in my bed, my mother had gone door to door in the house and down into the basement looking for me. Peter discovered the open window and ladder on its side.
“I’m home,” I said, walking into the kitchen. “Sorry I worried you.”
My mother grabbed me by the shoulder, looking me in the eye. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?” she asked. “I thought I made that clear. We aren’t to question or to seek answers, ever. Sit down and tell me where you’ve been. I just pray it’s not where I think it was.”
Thinking quickly, if she didn’t know where I’d gone, I certainly wasn’t going to admit it. Relieved, I decided to tell a lie. “Mom, I don’t know what you’re talking about. I wanted an adventure, that’s all. I climbed out the window just to see if I could. It’s dark and creepy outside and I got lonely.”
“Steven, there are cameras all over town,” my grandmother said. “Hidden cameras, not just the infrared you see on the street corners.”
I didn’t know what to say in response. If anyone saw me, I knew this confrontation wasn’t going to be the end of my punishment, but I couldn’t think that far in advance.
“I dodged the cameras,” I replied, feebly.
“We’ll see about that,” Rose said, putting a plate of eggs on the table. “Go call your father. He’s going to miss his bus if he doesn’t get moving.”
I went back out to the porch. “Dad, your breakfast is ready,” I said.
“Is the trial over?” he whispered.
“I hope so,” I said, frowning. My dad didn’t like any kind of conflict, either.
He put his cigar butt in the ashtray and stood up, stretching. “I keep hoping this will be the day they fire me,” he said. “What kind of responsible man hopes for a thing like that?”
Putting his arm around my shoulder, I wasn’t sure what my father was thinking. “What else would you do?” I asked.
He took my chin in his fingers and looked into my eyes. “Anything but drive a bus,” he said. He pulled me back before we walked through the door.
“Do you know what I did before the revolution?” he whispered.
Shaking my head, I didn’t have a clue. As far as I knew, my dad always drove the bus.
“You know my father, your papou, owned a textile company,” he said proudly. “I’d started working for him when I was your age, long before the revolution. My mother worked right along side him. We sold the finest woven fabrics made into commercial table clothes. At one time, we employed over one hundred seamstresses.”
“What happened to it?”
“After the revolution, no one needed fine table linens. It was considered a frivolity. Except for the places which served the politicians, like the one Paul Antoni manages, there weren’t many fine restaurants or hotels, the businesses which bought the bulk of our products. Then the textile mills went out of business so we couldn’t get the fabric even if we could use it.”
“Where do our clothes come from then?” I asked, looking down at my jeans.
“Everything comes from The Council. The Council gives us what we need. Steve, I’m going to get in a shitload of trouble for talking to you like this. You’re supposed to learn about it in school at age thirteen. Age thirteen is the magic age! It’s the age of enlightenment. They’ll teach you what they want you to know.”
I remembered someone else had said the same thing to me a few days before. “If all the mills went out of business, where does The Council get fabric then?” I asked, stuck on that one fact.
“You’re really going to get us in hot water. Everything we wear now is used, old, secondhand. You’ll see more and more people wearing uniforms.” I thought of the clothes Penelope and the other islanders wore. “Before the revolution, almost everything we wore and used around the house came from China.”
“What’s China?”
“Oh, Lord,” my dad moaned. “It’s a country we never have to worry about again, but before you were born, it was a big problem. Now it’s owned by the Eastern Union, just like we’re part of the Coalition.”
My eyes glazed over; too much information about abstract things bored me. Words like coalition and unions…but he went on.
“At one time, there were almost two hundred different countries. Some were so tiny they were more like towns. Everyone spoke a different language, although English was slowly taking over the world.
“Now, there’re just three countries; The Coalition, the Eastern Union, and the Arabs. The Coalition is the weakest, unfortunately, but don’t ever repeat that.”
“Why don’t we speak English in the house?” I asked. Most of my friend’s spoke a different language at home. School was a riot because we’d often speak a language other than English and make our friends try to guess what we were saying.
“It’s a way to control the people, although probably not very efficient. Take the Polsky family. They might be chatting up a storm about forbidden topics but no one would know unless they understood Polish. If English is a second language, they think it’ll be more difficult to disseminate information among each other. What they didn’t count on was how smart you young people are and their plan backfired. Everyone is multi-lingual.”
“George,” my mother yelled. “You’re going to miss your bus and we’ll have The Council Police here sure enough.”
My dad shrugged his shoulders and held the door for me to pass through. “Remember, don’t repeat that.”
It was beyond my comprehension anyway, that the whole world was divided three ways. “Dad, one more thing.” He paused and looked down at me. “Are we safe?” I asked.
“If we follow the rules, I think we’ll be okay. But we have to follow the rules. That means no running off in the middle of the night to meet up with your friends.”
“George!”
I followed my dad in the house greeted by my mother letting off a torrent of Greek words. I tried not to laugh, but it was hopeless, and I started to laugh like a crazy person driven by nerves and exhaustion.
“Oh Lord,” my dad moaned.
“What?” she said, hand on her hip. “You’re going to miss your bus and this young man is about to get my wrath. You’re grounded.”
“What’s that?” I asked, serious. She’d never used the word and I’d never done anything wrong before this.
“It means you can’t go out to play,” she said.
The prospect of not seeing my friends for the few short weeks remaining of summer was depressing, but what was worse, what I hadn’t even allowed myself to think of yet, was not seeing Penelope again. I hadn’t had the chance to worry about it yet, to wonder what had happened to her, why the men were there instead of Penelope. Had they discovered we were meeting and restricted her ability to come to the fence? Who protected her? We’d never discussed our families. I knew I was going to have to find a way to get back to her, at least one more time.
“You worried me to death and now you laugh? I don’t think so! And where did you go?”
“The boy was just having an adventure,” my dad said, coming to my defense. “Like we used to have when we were kids.”
I sat down with my father. We ate breakfast in silence while my mother, anger boiling over, went at me again and again, reminding me how much she loved me, how easy it would be to get the whole family in trouble.
“Can I go to my room now?” I asked, hands on the table ready to jettison myself out of there.
My mother looked at me from the corner of her eye. “Is this why you’ve been sleeping late everyday? You’re out, doing only God knows what?”
I looked at the floor, unwilling to lie to her, but unable to tell the truth. How could I admit what I was doing when, according to her, I’d put the entire family in jeopardy?
“Go.” She finally said.
I got up from the table. “Have a nice day, Dad,” said, thinking of him taking the bus into town so he could drive a bus all day. It was the first realization that the life my parents led might not be the one they dreamed about as children.
When I got into my bedroom, I looked down at my clothes. All the boys I knew dressed the same way I did. We all wore jeans and t-shirts in the summer and jeans and sweatshirts in the winter. Girls had bare legs, all summer and were allowed to wear jeans under their dresses in the winter. We all wore layers of clothes as the temperature dropped. No one spent much time outside because our clothing was inadequate, but at the time, I didn’t understand. It didn’t occur to me until later that an entire lifestyle revolved around winter sports and that only a certain socio-economic group of people enjoyed it.
The idea of class was as foreign to me as free will. Until Mrs. Polsky used the word Tiresias, I never felt restricted in my life. Now, everything was restrictive. I sat on my bed, looking around my room. Exhaustion set in, but I was afraid of giving into it, of falling asleep and possibly missing something monumental. What if The Council Police came to the door? I suddenly needed to be outside with my friends, grounded or not. It was still early though; my mother would get suspicious if I tried to leave the house too early. Laying back on my bed, I reached for my alarm clock and set it for nine. If I could sleep for a few hours, I’d be okay.
Memory of the Color Yellow
–
One
Chapter 5
The sun streamed in through the cracks of the blinds, heating the room up, no morning breeze coming through the window which was closed and locked to prevent me from escaping. My eyes felt gritty and I had a headache. I wanted to return to being an innocent twelve-year-old boy, pull the covers over my head and not worry about world problems, where my food and clothes came from, whether or not my parents were happy. But most of all, I didn’t want to worry about Penelope.
I needed to find out what my friends were doing. I needed to confide in someone. Paul was the only person I might be able to trust in spite of the worry that he might try to take her away from me.
I got out of bed and went into the kitchen looking for my mother, but no one was around. I could smell a familiar yeasty smell. Rows of bread pans lined up on the counter and table were filled with rising dough, all covered with squares of tattered sheeting my mother washed and rewashed daily. Listening carefully, I heard voices coming from the front porch. Tiptoeing to the door, I didn’t really want to interact, but needed the security of knowing where my family was.
My mother was standing up, talking to two men dressed in formal suits, garb rarely seen in Europe Town. I stood to the side of the screen door, out of their sight.
“Remind your boy The Council has made it a crime punishable with imprisonment to venture away from your neighborhood, especially after sunset.”
My grandmother replied in Greek, shocking me. “What’d she say?” one of the men asked, quickly turning toward Yiayia.
A slight hesitation by my mother confirmed that what Eleni had said was not nice. “She said the boy is innocent of wrongdoing.”
Actually, what she’d said was, “The Council is full of skata.”
I ran back to my bedroom, quietly shutting the door. I listened to see if I could hear them, a slight murmuring indicated the men were still there. Finally, all I could hear was the rise and fall of voices speaking Greek, then the screen door slamming. I peeked out my bedroom door and saw the family coming inside, single file, Peter bringing up the rear. He and Stephanie hadn’t said a word while the men from The Council were here.
“The boy didn’t mean it,” Peter said. “He had no way of knowing.”
“You’re right,” Stephanie said. “I wonder if Polsky is getting a lecture now.”
My grandmother pulled the blinds apart and looked outside. “They’re walking down the street toward her house.”
“I should have said something. I should have told them what she said in front the boys.”
“Rose, be careful,” Stephanie said. “I bet they already know.”
It was my cue to come out. “I’m sorry,” I said again. “Are we in trouble?”
“Not yet,” my mother said, distracted. “Do you want something to eat?”
My mother answered every question with an offer of food. “No. But I want to go see Paul.”
“Phone him, then,” she replied. “You’re not going out, especially now with those pests wondering around.”
“Oh my God! Look,” my grandmother hissed, waving us over.
We ran to the window and looked out over her shoulder. The men converged on Polsky’s house after they’d left our house. But my mother had just said she didn’t tell them how this had started. An ancient looking vehicle, my father later called it a station wagon; pulled up in front of the Polsky’s house and a half dozen men in green uniforms, like soldier’s fatigues, jumped out and stormed the house. I could hear Mrs. Polsky screaming. Family, including her infant carried by an older cousin, streamed out, running for cover at the next door neighbor’s house. They were followed by the suited men, one on each side of Mrs. Polsky, dragging her out. Without her hair covered, she looked younger, almost pretty. It made me feel worse.
“Let me go!” she screamed. “My baby! Let me go!”
“Oh, Jesus God,” my mother cried, trying to slap her hand over my eyes which I flung off, Stephanie embracing her as we watched with horror.
The men didn’t acknowledge that there was a child needing care until Mr. Polsky returned from his job. Expecting to see the men shove Mrs. Polsky into the car, instead they pushed her down on the ground and one of the soldiers stepped forward, aiming his rifle at her face and with a blast, shot her dead in front of all of us. My grandmother’s response was to grab me and fall to the floor with me, a practiced move I would later wonder from were it originated.
“Remember this,” one of the suited men called out, sweeping his hand in an arc, oblivious to the screaming. “Remember what happens when you break the rules.”
They piled into the station wagon and left, Mrs. Polsky lying on the sidewalk in the sun, the contents of her cranium spread over the concrete.

While she removed bread from the oven and set it out to cool, replacing it with more loaves to bake, Rose Manos watched the clock. At exactly six-fifty, she ran from the house, averting her eyes to avoid having to look at Jane Polsky’s body simmering on the sidewalk, to meet her husband’s bus. Other wives in the neighborhood would do the same thing, but they’d do it independently, understanding that this was not the time to bind together in solidarity. Individual survival was key at this juncture, not strength in numbers. I threw off my grandmother’s protective arm and chased after my mother.
The bus pulled up to the stop, and the men knew immediately something terrible must have happened. Wives never came to the bus stop, it wasn’t forbidden, but it was awkward. Edward Polsky noted his wife was not among the commuters and neighbors took pity upon him, a wife and husband going to him and whispering to him, his cries of anguish ringing out.
“Oh my God what happened after I left?” George asked, grabbing my mother’s arm. His eyes rolled to the sky. Thank you for sparing my wife, he prayed out loud.
“George,” she choked, crying. “They came to the house after going to Paul and Candy’s.” The Antoni’s were my friend Paul’s mother and father. “Candy must have said something to someone about what Polsky said. I can’t be sure. They asked me about Steven. After they left our house, they went right to Jane’s and dragged her out of the house, and in front of the kids and everyone they shot her in the face! She’s still laying there.”
George, arms around both our shoulders, looked over at Edward Polsky, the others trying to drag him home. Not wanting to make a scene at the corner in view of the cameras, they were having a difficult time reasoning with him. He flailed his arms around, shouting.
“You need to see about your baby, Ed,” someone barked. “Get him home, fast, before they come for her body. You don’t want to lose your son, too, do you?”
“Come on,” George hissed. “Is my mother okay? I mean, she didn’t try to pick a fight, did she?”
“She’s fine, she’s a rock,” Rose answered; the only bright spot in that day was her mother-in-law, her strength, her positivity.
“How’s my boy?” he asked looking at me.
“He’s shaken. He takes it personally, like you. I’m scared for him, because he’s asking questions now.”
My dad recalled the conversation he had with me that morning. The idea was percolating in my mind that my generation would make the difference. We would ask questions and wouldn’t accept the answers.
“What are we going to do about school?” my father asked.
“Nothing! We have to send him. When he’s old enough he can decide things for himself. But now we must follow the rules, all of us, or succumb like Jane Polsky did.”
Bowing her head, Rose started to cry again. “Pull it together before we get home,” George said.
He looked around, at his neighbors rushing toward home just like they were, a crowd propelling Edward Polsky, holding him up. Then, in full view, the body laying on the sidewalk, blood congealed and dried, flies buzzing loudly enough in the heat that we could hear it from our house.
“Jesus,” George moaned. “Couldn’t they cover her up?”
“No one dared go near,” she answered. “He’ll just have to deal with it. We saw it happen.”
They watched Edward Polsky lunge toward his wife’s body, but the others were strong enough to hold him back. The wife of the family who lived next door where the baby was staying rushed out to grab Edward, whispering in desperation. The man and woman pulled him inside the house, the shades drawn, the children sequestered in the basement.
“Come here, Son,” George said, grabbing me to hug again, the urgency in his voice transferred to Rose, who was on the verge of panic.
There was nothing we could do about it, no place to run or hide. This was it, this was our life. “He saw the whole thing.”

That evening, after witnessing the first of the public assassinations, countless households in the neighborhood dealt with the question asked by their children when the warnings to follow rules were restated. What exactly are the rules? In the past, parents had counted on the school answering all the necessary questions. But perhaps waiting until that magical age of thirteen was too late.
There hadn’t been any rebellion yet among the people; it was too soon after the revolution. The new world was early in its infancy, only twenty years old. Up until that day, the day of Jane Polsky’s murder, most people still believed what was being done for them, or to them was for the good of humanity and took whatever was tossed their way as truth. But the revolution had taken place more than twenty years ago and it seemed like twenty years was just long enough to raise doubts. Doubts were unconsciously transferred to the children and the children would start the new rebellion. It would be slow at first, just a few unwieldy children with the guts to climb out of bedroom windows.

The first night after Mrs. Polsky was murdered in front of us, I had a horrible nightmare. The dream was nonsensical, but one thing stood out; if I listened to directions, it would lead to my death. In the dream, my parents and grandparents, including a man I didn’t know but who my father referred to as your papou, kept telling me to go into the woods. “Do as I tell you,” the strange man said. “All the answers are there, among the trees.”
“You can trust your papou,” George said in the dream. “He wouldn’t tell you to do anything that would harm you.”
The only person who disagreed with them was my mother. “Don’t tell the child to go,” she kept saying, smiling at me, smoothing my face with her flour covered hands.
Waking with a start, rubbing the sleep from my eyes, I grabbed my clock and saw that it was just one. I had to see Penelope.
Quickly dressing, I even brushed my teeth in case I should be lucky enough to get near her again, although I doubted I’d be up for any tree climbing. I looked around my bedroom for something that might aid me in my escape now that I didn’t have the ladder, but there was nothing. Then I thought of rope. Why hadn’t that crossed my mind before? I had a length of rope in my closet, not too long, but long enough to get me within jumping distance from the ground. Where to tie the other end of the rope? Nothing seemed strong enough, the bed would move if I tied it to the frame, the door knob on my closet was rickety and I didn’t see it holding my weight. I’d have to forgo the rope for now, but I’d take it in case it could get me over the fence.
Closing my blinds, the open screen wouldn’t be so obvious if my mother should come in. I looked at the bed. The extra blanket folded under the sheet made a nice padded body, and a basketball on the pillow with the sheet over it wouldn’t fool anyone who might come inside, but from the door, the bed appeared occupied.
Deciding to unlock the front door, it would get me inside the house again. I could think of no other way to get back to my room. Sneaking down the hall, I turned the lock slowly, hoping I was unlocking it, not wanting to check it. I went back to my room.
Confident I’d covered everything, I climbed out the window, dropping my backpack to the ground and following after it with a thump. The blinds made a little noise. I waited before I snuck out to the front of the house, but it didn’t appear that anyone heard it.
Repeating the routine of the previous week, I ran west, careful to hide my face when I crossed the street as far from the corner as I could get. Since Mrs. Polsky’s murder, I thought something would be different; there’d be more police presence, or something to signify the breech of rules. But nothing had changed as far as I could tell.
Arriving at the fence shortly after two, I hoped she would be there, or even the men from the night before would be waiting, but there was nothing. Silence.
Taking my backpack off and placing it at the base of the tree, I approached the fence and walked north, the path the men had taken. Hissing into the woods; “Penelope!” I hoped she would hear me. But instead of an answer, a blow to the back of my head brought me to my knees. It wasn’t hard enough to knock me out, but it did incapacitate me momentarily, giving the perpetrator the upper hand.
“You don’t learn, do you?”
The familiar voice caught me by surprise. It was my Uncle Peter. “Jeesh,” I moaned. “Did you have to hit me so hard?”
“Sorry, Buddy,” he said, ruffling my hair. “I needed you to shut the hell up. There are microphones all over this godforsaken forest.”
“Why didn’t you stop me at home?” I asked.
“I didn’t know you’d left until you were almost out of sight. You’re fast, Buddy. I couldn’t catch you and didn’t dare yell for you. If we both get caught what they did to Jane Polsky is child’s play compared to what they’ll do to us.”
Rubbing the back of my head, I knew the risk my Uncle Peter had taken to follow me. I was just preparing to speak when I heard Penelope.
“Steve, are you there?” she said softly. “I hear you.”
“I’m here,” I said, looking at Peter. He pushed me forward.
“Not too close,” I warned him. “It’s electrified.”
“I’m sorry about last night,” she said. “They knew we were meeting. My friends made me stay in so the boys could warn you to stay away from here. It’s for your own good. But I don’t want you to stay away. I missed seeing you. I’m so happy you showed up tonight.”
With Peter standing there listening to every word, I didn’t know what to say. “We have company,” I finally said. “I wanted to see you, to make sure you were okay, but I’d better get back home. We had trouble in our neighborhood last night and I’m sure we’re being watched.”
“Does this mean you won’t come to see me again?”
I could sense Peter standing beside me, curious.
“No,” I answered, defiant. “That’s not what it means. I just can’t come every night.”
“I need you to come over the fence again,” Penelope said. “I want you so badly.”
Hoping Peter didn’t pick up on that comment, I didn’t reply.
“We’d better take off,” Uncle Peter whispered.
“I’m leaving now,” I said, pulling my backpack on again. “I’ll try to come back tomorrow.”
“You just told her you couldn’t come everyday,” Peter said, frowning.
“I’ll see you tomorrow!” she called out, hopeful.
My uncle pulled on my sweatshirt. “If you haven’t already, you don’t want to get any closer to her,” he said when we were out of earshot.
“Why not?” I asked, thinking he was trying to protect my virtue.
“I can’t say,” he answered. “It’s another thing you’ll learn at school. You must trust me on this, Steve. They’re in Tiresias for a reason.”
“They don’t call it that inside. Now it’s Eremos. It means lonely. But they think it means paradise.”
“I know what it means. I’m Greek, too. Remember? And trust me, that place is no paradise. It’s more like an internment camp.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s like a prison camp. People are sent there to keep the general population safe from harm.”
“From what? What could she do to hurt me? I don’t get it.”
He stopped and grabbed me by the shoulders. “Steve, I’m warning you. Stay away from her. Don’t try to get around the electric fence. I’m not even sure it’s safe to be as close as we were.”
“What could happen to us?” I asked, completely stymied, worried because it was too late.
He got flustered and pulled me along again. “Trust me,” he repeated. “You don’t want to know; it will be too easy for you to slip up and repeat what I said. I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt that you aren’t going back there. I won’t say anything to your mother, yet. Try again, and believe me, I’ll tell her. It’s for your own safety.”
“How will we get back into the house now?” I asked, starting to worry. We couldn’t both go through the front door.
“I put the ladder out. You’d better hope Stephanie doesn’t miss me because she’ll alert your mother and then we’ll have hell on our hands.”
We ran through the woods, staying out of sight for as long as possible, and when we got back into the residential area, he let me lead the way, ducking down, weaving between houses.
Arriving at my window by four that morning, I climbed up first. After Peter came through, he leaned out and pushed the ladder down onto the grass. “I’ll pull it into the shed in the morning,” he whispered, saluting me and leaving my room.
The conversation Peter had with me about prison camps swirled through my head as I lay there, trying to sleep. How could Penelope and the others be a threat to us and the rest of the neighborhood? I wondered if they posed a risk just here in Europe Town, or if its reach spread to the city, too. My world was so small, and I was just young enough that it didn’t occur to me that there was a Europe Town and more in every urban area and a Tiresias in every city, too.
Slowly falling asleep, I never dreamed that my innocent meetings with Penelope would ignite a future firestorm.
Memory of the Color Yellow
–
Two
Chapter 6
A kind of love sickness took over my body and mind, rendering me unable to eat or sleep. Certain things stirred my memory of Penelope; a distant, girlish laugh in the neighborhood, or a whiff of female while I was at the store with my mother. A torrent of despair would cruise though me when it happened, all but bringing me to my knees. It took all my willpower to stay engaged with the family, to go through the motions during meal time, pretending to find joy in playing games with my dad or spending time outdoors with my friends. It was a ruse; my life had been destroyed by a few-hour rendezvous in the woods.
Time crawled by as Uncle Peter watched me like a hawk, day and night. He decided to paint the house the last week before school started. “You’ll help me,” he said, concerned. “I’ve already cleared it with your mother and father, so no whining.”
“I’m not a whiner!” I protested, but I knew what he was referring to.
After the night he caught me by the fence surrounding Tiresias, time stayed at a horrible standstill, the days stretching out miserably. I missed Penelope, worrying about her, imagining her waiting for me by the fence, thinking I didn’t care about her. I was sure she’d be there, her ears alert to any forest sounds, just as she was that last night, our meeting thwarted by Uncle Peter’s smack in the back of my head. I found out he’d hit me with his wallet, but at the time, it felt like a brick.
My mother worried too, solicitous, but unquestioning. Peter had taken me under his wing and she was absolved from confining me to my room. But having Peter clinging to me was almost worse than being grounded. My friends stopped by to help in the house preparation; while Peter climbed the ladder to sand, my friends and I sanded the lower boards.
“You’ll be helpin’ me paint my house when the time comes, eh?” Paul Senior asked.
“Oh right. We’ll run down there and paint because your kid did an hour of sanding,” Peter shouted from atop the ladder. “Keep dreaming, Sahib.”
“The summer is about a month too long,” my grandmother said under her breath, listening to the exchange.
My friends looked forward to school starting, but I dreaded it. I was housebound and had nothing left to be excited about, no midnight runs to Tiresias in my future. Street games with my friends no longer thrilled me like having Penelope’s hands searching my face or running down my chest had done. Even our fall traditions couldn’t pull me out of despair.
I once looked forward to the transformation of autumn, leaves turning color, pumpkins and Indian Corn growing in my grandmother’s garden. Apple picking was a rite of autumn, my grandmother, father and I walking to what remained of an ancient orchard, trees planted by a man my grandmother referred to as Johnny Appleseed, and we’d pick sacks of windfall apples up off the ground, the only fruit we were allowed to take. The apples didn’t last long. We’d peeled and sliced them, some cooked down into sauce on the wood stove outside, the rest baked into pies. We’d eat apple pie for days and I never got sick of it.
Even though we didn’t have national or religious holidays to celebrate, each family had their own traditions and fall was an important time at our house. Everyone took part in harvesting Yiayia’s garden, and we all chipped in preparing for canning the bounty. She grew kale, spinach, lemon balm, and of course, mint. We loved cucumbers, peppers and tomatoes, too. Because of the effort she put into it, our diet was more varied than our neighbors who didn’t plant, who got away with yards weed or junk-filled. We’d be ready if it ever came to us having to acquire all our own food. The activity was one thing I didn’t mind helping her with, either. I’d do just about anything for my grandmother.
In the spring, since I’d been a small child, she and I would hike into the same woods I took to see Penelope, and pick dandelion greens called horta. Sautéed in olive oil, they were tender and delicious even to a young child. Wild grape leaves had to be picked before the first of July to ensure they’d be at their tender peak. My grandmother no longer stuffed the leaves with rice; it was scarce, taking too much water to grow. The streams where wild rice grew were off limits to us. Instead, she made grape leaves stuffed with dried fruit and nuts. “I’ll go to hell for this,” she moaned at the unorthodox filling.
Fortunately, my grandmother was somewhat the hoarder, and boxes and bags of garbanzo beans, gigantes plaki (large white beans) and white rice had a place of honor in my mother’s bedroom closet.
“It’s the driest place in the house, so kill me,” Yiayia said when my mother complained there was no room for her clothes.
Fall foraging yielded as much as spring. Mushrooms, berries, and fennel and dill seeds were abundant. Yiayia also liked to look for nuts, but she’d cautioned to never steal a squirrel’s stash.
“Stray nuts on the ground or on the tree are okay,” she explained. “But if you find them in a hole in the ground, leave them there. That’s what the squirrel will eat in the winter.”
We’d pick acorns off the ground to haul home for boiling, changing the water to remove the bitterness. She’d lay them out to dry and then we’d begin the process of shelling the nuts to grind into flour. When her hands were occupied, it was easier to get her to reminisce about the past, and I was getting better at steering her in conversation. The family would lean in conspiratorially, the excitement of the forbidden topics taking over the fear of exposure.
“Our main fall holiday before the revolution was Thanksgiving,” Yiayia said. “We got away with celebrating it afterwards because it wasn’t religious, but about ten years ago, after you were born, The Council said no more Thanksgiving celebrations. We could still have the meal mind you, just had to be careful not to call it Thanksgiving, or wish anyone a Happy Thanksgiving.”
“Your yiayia used to put all the other cooks to shame with her turkey,” Rose said. “Oh it was fabulous! One year, she found a twenty-two pounder, didn’t you Eleni?”
“I did indeed. It was a poor substitute for lamb. But it’s the desserts that I miss, the baklava and the egg custard dishes.”
We were able to get plenty of eggs, but milk was a luxury. And the filo dough was too difficult to make without certain flours no longer available to those of us in Europe Town. In place of Thanksgiving, we celebrated the Harvest, but this year I didn’t look forward to it as I once had. The angst of approaching adolescence, and heartbreak had taken all the joy away. My parents worried about my apathy, including my father, who confessed to depending on me to uplift him.
“You’re starting to scare me. Let’s get the chess board out,” he said the last Saturday in August before school started, determined to engage me. “It’ll be good to keep your mind occupied. We’ll have snacks, and you can have a sip of ouzo if you promise not to tell your mother.”
That was all the luring I needed. “Okay Dad. I’ll play chess with you. We haven’t played in a while.”
So that night after dinner, while Peter drank a case of beer by himself, we drank ouzo and played chess. I should say I snuck sips of ouzo. My father slurred his words by the time I screamed checkmate, and I felt numb and a little sick. My mother, aunt and grandmother sat around watching us, knitting and talking, getting tipsy drinking their own concoction of fruit juice and retsina. I could smell the oranges and licorice. Like sugar, alcohol was plentiful in Europe Town, another way to control the populace by keeping them addicted. Voices faded in and out.
“Steve is falling asleep sitting up,” my grandmother said, pointing at me. “Get him into bed.”
“I’ll go by myself,” I said indignant, standing up.
If my mother suspected I’d been drinking, my dad would get into trouble, so I made an effort to walk steadily back to my room. “Goodnight, everyone.”
I noticed Peter watching me carefully, too drunk himself to tattle. I got into bed with my clothes on, my mind whirling at the same rate as my head spun. Feeling as though I stood at a precipice, I realized I had no control over my life, a terrifying predicament. I tried to think of happy thoughts; holding Penelope’s hand, or touching her hair, but it didn’t help. Putting one foot in front of the other to go through the boring ritual of junior high seemed beyond my capability. The shear drudgery of going back to school was so depressing; I couldn’t stand it. Thinking of the effort it would take, getting ready in the morning, leaving with my backpack, standing in line for the bus made me moan, rolling over in bed to bury my head. There was no alternative; my parents would never allow me to quit school. The best students were able to go on to college, but it wasn’t guaranteed to everyone.
And although I knew my parents expected me to go, I wondered why. It didn’t appear going to college insured you would get the job you wanted. Just look at Peter. And I wondered if my dad went to college; I’d failed to ask, but I was too drunk and too tired to get up and ask him now.
By Monday, my funk hadn’t resolved. My mother was gentle with me that morning, aware there was something bothering me, attributing my mood to Mrs. Polsky’s murder which had happened at the same time as the last real meeting with Penelope. The weather had changed overnight, and although the sun was shining, it was cold outside. The heat clicked on right before it was time for me to get up, and it made me want to stay under the covers. The only bright spot I had to look forward to was seeing my friends.
Standing on the porch with my backpack, I waited to join in the group-walk to the kiosk where the bus would pick us up. Twenty kids of all ages lived on my street and took the bus to school. As protocol demanded, we lined up neatly on the sidewalk, girls at the front of the line and the boys at the rear, waiting for the bus to appear. Paul and Joe were with me, horsing around as usual, but my heart wasn’t into it. I couldn’t get Penelope out of my mind. I wondered if she was starting school today, too. Joe elbowed me out of my daydream.
“Manos, that guy’s looking for you,” he said, frowning.
Looking up, I saw a white delivery van with a man sitting in the driver’s seat, an orange bandana around his head, straggly hair over his collar. “Hey, you! Are you Steve?” he called, looking furtive.
“He’s Steve,” Paul called out, pointing at my head.
The man nodded his head at me to come closer. Reluctantly, I left the safety of the line up and crossed the street to the van. “Steve, you know Penelope, right?” he whispered.
“Yeah,” I said urgently, my heart banging in my chest. It was a miracle. All my worry led to an answer to prayer. This man was bringing me news about Penelope.
I looked across the street, at the line up of children watching me. For anyone to approach a stranger was a forbidden act, especially one in a vehicle. No one drove but bus drivers and delivery men.
“Do you have a message from Penelope?” I asked, my youthful enthusiasm a little too obvious.
“I’m supposed to bring you to Eremos today, if you’ll come.”
A trip was not what I’d been thinking of. I couldn’t even fathom it. I looked over at the school bus stop, weighing the trouble I would get into if I skipped school over the pleasure of seeing Penelope. My friends were watching me, concerned.
“You mean I’d get inside the fence?”
“Yep, you get in the van with me and hide in back. I go right through the gate.”
I could hear the diesel engine of the bus approaching and realized I had but a few seconds to decide. “Yes, I’ll come,” I said. “I’ve got to get in before the bus stops.”
“Get in then,” he said with impatience, nodding toward the passenger door.
He leaned over and opened the door for me. I ran around the back of the van and climbed up, my shocked friends watching, standing on the sidewalk with their mouths gapping open. It didn’t even occur to me that I might be committing a life or death mistake, that what I was about to do would be irreversible.
Chapter 7
The ride to Tiresias/Eremos was a brand new experience. On one hand, I was glued to the window, watching in amazement as the same path I took to get to the fence flashed by. I’d taken the bus all my life, but this was my first time being a passenger in a regular vehicle. On the other hand, I felt sick to my stomach worried about the unknown.
“So, you ran this path to see Penelope every night, is that right?” Jim asked, glancing at me.
Not sure if I’d get in trouble if I told the truth, my fear increased. “Not every night,” I said, hesitating. “Am I allowed to ask who you are?”
“Jim,” he said, pulling his pocket out with the name JIM embroidered across it. “I make deliveries out here three times a week. Fresh fruit and vegetables in season, all organic. Not that shit like that matters anymore. The water you drink has been contaminated with lead for ten years.
“In about five minutes, you’d better get in back. I can’t bring anyone through the gate without permission.”
I wondered why he was doing this for Penelope. “Why are you doing it then?” I asked. “How do you know Penelope?”
Wavering, he didn’t answer for a few seconds, just long enough for my anxiety to increase. “She’s my daughter,” Jim said finally, looking over at me. “I’ll do anything I can, her being stuck in there behind the fence and all. But you know the story, right? You’re thirteen, right? Everyone gets the story at thirteen. The magic age.”
Up ahead I could see a clearing with a tall metal gate.
“You’d better get in back,” he repeated.
Unhooking my seatbelt, I stood up and stepped over the console to get into the back. “Crouch down by that stack of lettuce boxes. I left a small space for you to hide.”
I did as he said, the anticipation of getting to see Penelope not as strong as I’d hoped, dwindled down by the worry over making my parents angry, the possibility of getting them in trouble taking some of the gloss off the occasion.
Suddenly, I saw the situation with clarity. If I was going inside the gates without permission, how would I get out again? “Are you going to wait for me? I mean, we’re just saying hello, correct?”
“Stay down now,” he hissed urgently. “We’ve just reached the gate.”
He rolled the window down and greeted the gatekeeper jovially. “Hello there! What a beautiful fall day.”
“What’s the delivery today?” the guard asked.
“Fresh fruit and produce. Same as always,” Jim answered, keeping the conversation to a minimum.
“Go on through. See you on the way out,” he said, raising the gate.
“Nope, I can’t wait,” he answered me at last. “I’m going to let you off right inside the depot where all deliveries are made. You’re to walk around to the back of the building. It’s huge, as big as a football stadium. Penelope will meet you at the transformer building. You’ll see the signs leading to it.”
“But how will I get out?”
Jim finally addressed my concern, a little surprised. “You don’t. Get out, that is. Once you’re in here, you stay here.”
“I can’t do that,” I said, my voice getting shrill. “I have to get home to my family.”
“This place is quarantined,” he said looking around. “If you want to see my daughter, you’ll have to stay with her. That was the plan.”
“That wasn’t my plan! I’m only twelve years old. I’d better leave with you,” I said, scared out of my skin, shivering, ready to throw up. “I can’t stay here, not even to see Penelope. I need to get home.”
“You don’t get it, Steve,” he said, backing the van into the depot. He appeared as frightened as I was, once I mentioned my age. “This van will be searched to make sure I’m not smuggling anyone out. You have to hop out now or we’ll both get into serious trouble. I’m telling you, these people don’t miss a trick. You don’t think they’ll let me get away with bringing a minor in here, do you? We’ll be imprisoned, or worse. Penelope won’t have anyone then.”
“Why do you get to come and go then?” I asked, feeling my voice getting shrill.
“Because I’ve been inoculated, I got the vaccine,” he said with urgency. “You have to get out the second I open the back doors of the van, do you understand me?”
“What’s a vaccine?” I asked.
“You know,” he said, impatient, pointing at his eyes. “You get inoculated against diseases. You probably had a few when you were a baby. But not for this.”
I didn’t know what he was talking about. “Inoculated? For what?” Petrified on the verge of tears, I clenched my fists, ready to start crying.
“I’ll open the doors,” he whispered, ignoring my questions.
Opening the door, he looked back at me one more time before getting out of the van. I heard him conversing with another delivery truck driver, but he waited for the man to leave before he came around back to open the door. “You’re to go right over there,” he pointed to a small exit. “Take that door and turn right. Just follow the building around to the back. You’ll see all the electrical components. That’s the transformer building. Penelope will be waiting there for you. Have fun.”
He nodded his head for me to get out, keeping his eyes peeled on the entrance for another truck. I wasn’t fast enough for him, so he grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the truck. I landed hard on the pavement.
“Run!” he growled.
I was too young; too naïve to realize there was an alternative. What did I care what happened to Jim? I could have screamed that I was being kidnapped, should’ve never gotten in the van with him in the first place. Wiping my nose on my sleeve, I didn’t see Penelope waiting near the building where he said she would be, so I paused, looking over my shoulder at the depot, at her father watching me. Was he even her father?
Imagining my classroom; Miss Jay, our Junior High teacher, doing a head count and finding me missing made me sad all over again. Dreading school segued to missing it badly, wishing I was sitting in the hot classroom with my pals, passing lurid notes back and forth, walking back to the bus stop together, the ride home with the bus windows open against the warm fall afternoon.
Would the others tell her about the white van? Would the school call my mother right away? I imagined the anguish my parents would feel, Rose and Eleni meeting my father at the bus with the news. Or was having a son kidnapped serious enough for George to be dismissed from work early? Would Uncle Peter admit that he’d followed me to Tiresias? Would they blame him for my disappearance?
The first thing I would find out was how to get back home, how to get out of there. I’d spend a little time with Penelope, but I wasn’t staying there indefinitely. Her father was nuts.
I reached the transformer, a monstrous thing as big as a house with ancient steampunk components holding wires in place, gigantic glass insulators beautiful and intimidating. The original water wheel was now powered by some kind of fossil fuel, and at the present time, it was slowly turning. I would never forget the sound it made, a rhythmic whoosh, whoosh, whoosh.
Penelope stepped out from the shadows of the generator. “Steve?”
My heart rate revved up. “Yep, it’s me,” I answered, stumbling over the words. Seeing her again both excited me and calmed me down, making me happy, but for just a moment.
Then everything turned askew. She took a step closer to me. I could see her face clearly for the first time, shocking me. In the light of day, it was clear she wasn’t eighteen.
“Penelope?” I asked, my voice giving me away.
Except for her eyes, she was a gorgeous, mature woman, not a young girl.
“Yes,” she said. “Are you disappointed?”
What could I say to her? No, I was not disappointed; I was scared to death. I was so in over my head. This was a woman looking for a man, not a little, scared boy. My emotions were jumbled up, streaking from anger to desire to confusion.
Her father had jeopardized his life to get me to her. His actions reminded me of my family, what they would do for me. I already missed my mother and father. I didn’t want to stay there forever. “I need to know what’s going on,” I said, close to tears. “Then we can talk about me being disappointed.”
Looking around, I saw little activity short of supply trucks pulling in and out of the depot. This gate must be in an isolated part of Tiresias.
“Your father said you were in quarantine, that I can’t leave now. I’m not happy about it.”
It was an understatement; I was scared to death, but I was trying to act mature.
Taking a step closer, she wrung her hands together. “I thought you wanted to be with me,” she replied. “There’s a way out, you know that. We figured it out together last week.”
The relief I felt remembering that tree and the old brick wall decompressed my anxiety so much so that my body sagged against the wall of the power plant, my head dropping into my hands. I’d still have to deal with missing school and my parent’s worry, but I wasn’t a prisoner there. I’d survive. Then I remembered what her father had said.
“Why are you in quarantine?” I asked.
It was slowly sinking in that Penelope had something physically wrong with her beyond blindness, but I was too young to figure it out.
“What else is wrong with you besides being blind?” I asked.
Dropping her hands, she turned and hurried behind the building, feeling the wall as she went along. “Follow me in case someone heard you. You don’t want that gang of men discovering you too soon.”
I thought of those ruffians. “Are they blind, too?” I asked, following behind.
“Yes,” she said.
If I’d known they were blind the night they’d met me at the fence, the gang wouldn’t have frightened me as badly as I allowed because I had the advantage; not only was I on the other side of an electric fence, I had my eyesight. It was a lesson for a young man on the cusp of adulthood.
“You’ve had a bad shock,” she said, trying to placate me. “Steve, you should try to think about how good you felt on those nights we were together. What happened between us was good.”
“But I thought you were eighteen,” I said. “How old are you?”
“Eighteen,” she answered, defiant. “I’m eighteen.”
What did an eighteen-year-old look like? I doubted it was really her age. My eyes traveled over her body, immediately my body responding, out of my control. She wouldn’t know I was looking as I concentrated on the forbidden.
“I already told you I was worried you wouldn’t like me if I was older.”
“That’s not true,” I said finally answering her, searching for an excuse to cover my fear. “I don’t care how old you are. I just don’t like to be lied to.”
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“Now tell me what’s going on here? Why are you quarantined? Does it have anything to do with your eyes?”
“Let’s go to my apartment,” she said, reaching out for me again. Her hand was hot, and the current from it sent electrical charges down my arm. “No one’s there this time of day. We’ll be alone, completely alone.”
I let her grab me, falling against me, our bodies pressed together from legs to shoulders. Everything I’d fantasized about her was now in my midst. Closing my eyes, she felt exactly as I imagined she’d feel. Although I didn’t understand the ramifications yet, instinct told me the longer I interacted with her, the greater the chance I’d be ensnared. Staying at the depot wasn’t so bad, but going into the community, hanging out at her apartment, getting physical with her would alter everything because my exposure would increase. But her allure was too much for me and I couldn’t pull away, just yet.
“Come back to my apartment,” she whispered in my ear. “I’m going to tell you the truth.”
Hands crept up my chest to my face and she found my mouth, kissing me. It wasn’t what I expected, her tongue jabbing between my lips made me want to pull away from her, but I didn’t want to hurt her feelings again. Her hot breath smelled human enough to help kick me out of my trance. A hint of intuition maybe, or wisdom, or simply self-preservation bubbled up to the surface and I knew I shouldn’t go to her apartment, that if I went, I’d be trapped there.
“We’d better stay here,” I said, gently pulling away from her. “I have to get home soon. We can stay close to the depot now, but later on I have to walk to the opening in the fence and you’ll have to take me. I don’t know where I am. My parents will be crazy worried about me, but I can’t be seen in daylight.”
“You won’t be able to leave during the day,” she retorted, stamping her foot. “It’s better you stay here until sunset. If you’re caught, you’ll be taken away. There’s no telling what they’ll do to you. Or to me, for that matter.”
“Okay, so tell me the truth.”
The expression on her face transformed from caring and sweet to something else. She wasn’t getting her way and she didn’t like it.
“Everyone here is blind!” she said, pulling her hands from mine. “I would have thought you’d notice when you saw us.”
“I couldn’t see anything,” I said, almost slipping up and saying, in the dark, I was as blind as she was. “It was too dark. I could hardly see my hands in front of my face. There are no lights at night, you know.”
“No, I didn’t know,” she said, tossing her head. “Remember, I don’t need light.”
“Why are you here, inside?” I asked. “Why are you quarantined?”
She turned from me and ran her finger along the concrete block walls of the building. I had to follow her to hear her, she spoke so softly. “It’s from a virus, a real contagious virus. It was an accident, some government project gone wrong. But you won’t hear that version these days. It happened during the revolution.”
“But I thought you were born after the revolution,” I said. My parents said often enough that the twenty year anniversary of the end of the rebellion was coming up quickly.
“Let me finish, please. The people who caught the virus first and spread it around are just dying now of old age. But new cases pop up from time to time. Me, for instance.” She turned away again, flipping her hair off her back. “The guys who harassed you the other day? They’re soccer players who caught it during a trip to Arab to play a foreign team. I heard they’re home base is a city nearby. Every quadrant has its island, a protected area, just like this. But their quadrant was full and they wanted to stay together. So they were allowed to come here.”
I was speechless. Athletes were like gods. Who among them played well enough to challenge a foreign team? I didn’t know much about Coalition teams; the only exposure I had was listening to my dad and Peter talk. Sports were for the wealthy, those who could afford to travel to games. We didn’t even have a radio in our house to listen to broadcasts. And I’d never heard of an entire hockey team leaving town and getting sick. Her claim that every quadrant had what she called a protected area? I couldn’t fathom it. I didn’t even know what a quadrant was yet.
“Your dad said he’d had a vaccination so he could come inside. Why don’t they give it to everyone?”
“It’s too expensive, probably,” she said, shrugging her shoulders. “How should I know?”
“Why’s it a big secret then?” I asked. “I don’t get it.”
She turned back to me and smiled. The smile transformed her face. “Are you serious? Can you imagine the droves of curious little jerks who would come here to see the blind people? It’s too dangerous. You’re probably infected now, just by standing this close to me.”
She didn’t say it, but I’d figured it out, if the blind people who had the virus weren’t quarantined from the rest of us, soon it would spread and we’d all be blind. Even at age twelve, I wondered why the government didn’t simply put the people in Tiresias permanently asleep, like the rumors that the old and sick were euthanized. I put my hands up to my eyes, imagining what it would be like to lose my sight and it petrified me. “I’m leaving,” I said, moving quickly away before she could grab me again, her words ringing in the air.
“Don’t go, please,” she pleaded, but I ran from her as fast as I could, back to the depot, going around to the front gates. She stepped back into the shadows, and when I turned to look, she was gone.
Chapter 8
By the time I reached the guard house, I was panting, scared to death. Stepping out to see what the commotion was, the guard’s eyebrows were down, mouth turned down in a grimace, furious.
“Help me,” I cried. “That delivery man, Jim kidnapped me and brought me here. I live in Europe Town. I want to go home.”
“Stand back,” the guard shouted, pulling his gun out, aiming at my forehead. “Don’t get any closer. Explain to me, just how in the hell did he kidnap you?”
“He was waiting for me at my school bus stop,” I stammered. “My friends will tell you. He said he was taking me to see his daughter. But I didn’t know he’d bring inside here or that I wouldn’t be able to leave.”
“Old Jim, trying to hook up his kid again,” the guard said, shaking his head.
I didn’t know what hook up meant. “I want to go home! My mother’s going to be so worried.”
“I guess you’re fucked,” the guard said. “Don’t move unless you want your brains blown out. Mommy worrying about you will be the least of your problems.”
Never taking his eyes off me, he spoke into a radio device and within minutes, vehicles full of uniformed men surrounded me. They looked like the same men who came for Mrs. Polsky. I wondered if I was going to be murdered on the spot like she was.
Bounding out of the cars, no one said anything. One of the men grabbed my wrists and roughly cuffed them behind my back. Another strong man lifted me off the ground and put me into the back of a black van, buckling my seatbelt. My stomach grumbled and I was afraid I might throw up all over him.
“Kid, if you puke on me, you’re dead,” he said.
I was too shocked and frightened to cry. I didn’t even ask where they were taking me, figuring whatever was going to happen to me, it couldn’t be good. I kept my eyes on the window and was surprised that we were heading out of the gate in a caravan of cars. I thought they’d take me somewhere inside. It took another five minutes before I realized there were other people in the van; a woman in scrubs held on to a counter until the road smoothed out. With precision, she drew something up in a syringe and came at me with a vengeance.
First, grabbing ahold of my face, she squeezed my cheeks together so hard with her fingers that it brought tears to my eyes. “Do you know what you’ve done?” she hissed. “You could’ve ruined your life. How could you be so stupid?”
I couldn’t answer her because I couldn’t move my mouth. I drew air in through my nostrils, the pain in my face intense. She let go at last, clutching my upper arm, pulling the sleeve of my t-shirt up. “Don’t look,” she said, grabbing the needle cover off with her teeth and jabbing my arm with the needle.
The pain shot up into my neck and I yelped involuntarily. “Trust me, not getting this would have left you vulnerable to much worse pain. Much worse. Ask your girlfriend, if you ever see her again.”
“She’s not my girlfriend,” I said.
“That’s not what she’s saying,” the drive singsonged over his shoulder.
“Did you have unprotected sex with Penelope?” the woman asked.
“No!” I snapped back.
“Did you have any kind of sex?” The driver asked, leering over his shoulder.
“I can give you something right now that will protect you if you did,” she explained, ignoring the driver. “That hole is a cesspool and Penelope is the queen of it.”
Not understanding much about illicit sex, the cesspool description was just enough information for me to imagine what it was like for Penelope inside the fence, the references to her being the queen over my head. Again, I had to choke back the tears.
“What’s your language?” she asked.
“Greek,” I said.
The driver proceeded telling dirty jokes in Greek, using words my grandmother would have said were beneath us. “Those are words an American white trash would use,” she’d say with a sneer. “Like my nephew, Peter.”
“My grandmother wouldn’t like your jokes,” I said, my smart mouth shifting in gear, the facial pinch of a few minutes ago leaving behind a searing pain I would not soon forget. “She’d take a switch off the pussy willow tree and smack your legs a good one.”
“You still have your yiayia?” he asked.
“Yes, I do,” I replied, proud. “And she wouldn’t like it if she heard you talking that way.”
“Boy, you’re lucky,” the woman said.
“This from a little runaway, looking for a piece of blind ass in hell,” the driver said.
The woman stood up and went to the back of the van. “Shut up, moron,” she snapped at the driver. “Don’t pay any attention to Billy,” she said to me. “He’s just jealous.”
“Do you live in Tiresias?” I asked, forgetting it wasn’t called that any longer.
“Oh boy, you can sure tell you’re from a hick town,” Billy the driver said, laughing out loud.
“I’m from Europe Town,” I replied, insulted. “It’s a nice place. Where do you live?”
“The security staff lives in Detroit,” the woman said.
“Detroit?” I asked, frowning. “I thought Detroit was long gone.”
“Not where we’re going,” she said.
I completely missed it that I was going to Detroit, too. It didn’t occur to me that they were telling me information that was privileged, that only someone who worked for the government would need to know.
“You’re security? I thought you were a nurse,” I said.
“I’m a doctor,” she answered. “But that’s not important. Now do you want to tell me what happened? I mean from the beginning.”
Slipping into the seat next to me again, I automatically cringed when she slid her arm across the back of the seat. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to squeeze your cheeks again. By the way, you’re lucky, you know that? You could be in a lot more trouble than you are. You could’ve been forced to stay there, and trust me, you don’t want to, ever. I hope you’ve learned a lesson.”
“Where are you taking me?” I asked.
“We’ll ask the questions,” she answered. “I’m Connie, by the way.”
Billy, the driver said to me in Greek, “Don’t trust her. Don’t tell her the truth. Just stick with what happened today. Pretend that today was the first day, although we know it was not, don’t we? Don’t answer me.”
I looked her right in the eye. “Hi, Connie. I’m Steve.”
“How’d you end up at Eremos?”
Uneasy, I decided to take Billy’s advice. If I got caught lying, I couldn’t be in any more trouble anyway. “Today was the first day of school. All my friends were lined up at the kiosk, waiting for the school bus. A white van was parked across the street. When I got to the bus stop, my friends shouted at me that someone was looking for me. I walked across the street to the van and he pulled me inside.”
If my friends were questioned, they wouldn’t tell that story but I didn’t care.
“Did you ever see Jim before?” Connie asked.
They must have known the driver of the van was Jim because of Penelope. I still had to figure out how they knew about Penelope.
“Never,” I said.
“Are you going to tell my parents?” I asked.
“Don’t worry about your parents,” Connie said. “You never have to worry about your parents again.”
Words that sent chills down my spine, I started to cry, no longer able to hold back. “Will my parents be killed because of this?” I asked.
“No, nothing like that.” Connie answered, patting my hand. “Shush, now. It’s nothing to cry about. You’ll see.”
“We knew where you were before the guard even called for back up,” Billy said. “Your mother called The Council Police as soon as she found out Jim took off with you. The white vans are delivery vans, and that meant it was headed for the depot. When the guard made the call, we were already on our way.”

The school never called my mother. Instead, Paul risked his life by disobeying the rules, left the bus lineup running as fast as was possible, crying, screaming all the way to my house that I’d been kidnapped. He didn’t know about Penelope, so of course, they’d think I was an innocent victim.
Rose was kneading bread dough and Yiayia had already started her chores in the garden when my mother heard the racket Paul was making. Reaching the front door, Rose saw Paul flying toward the porch, distraught.
“He took Steve! Steve got into the van and the guy drove away,” Paul cried, clinging to my mother as she pushed the screen open.
“Paul, calm down! What are you talking about? Who took Steve?”
“Some guy in a white van,” he said, trying to get air, gulping, the hysteria taking its toll. “He was waiting at the bus stop for Steve.”
“Did he ask for him by name?”
“Yeah, and when Steve got there, to the kiosk, he went over to the man and got into the van. The man drove off before the bus came.”
“And Steve was in the van?” Rose asked, horrified.
Before Paul could answer, my mother screamed for my grandmother so loudly Paul said that his ears rang. “Eleni!”
Dropping her trowel, my grandmother ran around to the front of the house. “What’s wrong?” she cried.
“Steve’s gone! Paul said someone in a white van took him!”
“Get inside,” she said, grabbing on to Paul and Rose, pushing them through the door. “Paul, start writing down every single thing you remember about the van. Rose, call The Council Police.”
Hesitating, my mother knew she had to make the call theoretically to secure my safety, but in reality, the consequences of it were more harrowing than we could have ever imagined. Slowly reaching for the phone, she closed her eyes and asked God to protect me and use whatever was happening for my good. Her prayer would be prophetic.
Memory of the Color Yellow
–
Three
Chapter 9
Minutes counting, the shot Connie gave me tingled and burn. “How much longer will this hurt?” I begged, close to tears again.
“When we get home, I’ll get an ice bag for your arm,” she said.
“Home?” I prayed she meant Europe Town.
“Our home,” Connie replied. “We’re we live.”
The area was foreign to me, with the sun behind us we traveled on a vast concrete road, acres and acres of it, a street sign spelling out Tireman. The setting was similar to what I’d seen hiking to Tiresias, only on a larger scale. In the straggly woods stood unoccupied buildings, some blackened, most in states of disrepair, but all teeming with oranges and reds; vines and overgrown landscaping changing into autumn colors. Rusted hulks of cars piled everywhere, most buried in the vines. The vines made a huge impression on me. I’d never seen anything like it in the pristine, manicured neighborhoods of Europe Town.
“What happened out there?” I asked, pointing to the vast devastation.
“Used to be everyone drove a car. No more though,” Billy said.
“Not the cars,” I replied. “The buildings. What happened?”
“The rebellion happened. The peeps burned their own cities and when the new government came in, they gave the citizens a helping hand.”
“Why here? What’d these people do wrong?”
“It’s not just here,” Connie said. “It’s like this all over the United States.”
Not completely familiar with the term United States, I figured she meant this place, this world we lived in.
“What’s it called out there?” I pointed out the window.
“Those are the suburbs,” Billy said over his shoulder. “South End.”
“Metro Detroit,” Connie added.
“What’s that?”
“Detroit? It’s the City!” Connie said. “It’s America to you. It’s not officially called Detroit. That’s an insider’s name. Your father drives a bus in Detroit. He takes a different route in, of course. No one sees this.” She swept her hand across the windows, indicating the mess I was looking upon was special, just for our eyes.
“Should we move over to Michigan Avenue?” Billy asked, looking at Connie in the rearview mirror. “It’s not so depressing.”
“Sure. Do you want to see the way your dad takes to work?” she asked me, her voice gentle.
It bothered me, like they were going to show me something worse, although I didn’t see how that was possible unless there were dead bodies all over the place. They turned south onto a street named Wyoming, I saw a mangled street sign, Wyoming crossed with Tireman. Wyoming was worse than Tireman, the houses segued to what I now know were once vital industrial buildings, but as I looked, they were simply frightening, huge abandoned properties with hundreds of broken windows, surrounded by more of the rusted hulks. On one building, an acanthus tree grew on the roof. A light, fall rain started to fall and suddenly, I really missed my family, the pain was excruciating.
“When do I get to go home?” I whined, more than willing to face the consequences if I could just see my mother and father again.
“We’ll talk about that later. Now isn’t this better?”
She pointed out the window again, and the contrast was shocking. Michigan Avenue, she called it, was beautiful. It appeared to be immaculately maintained stores, although I didn’t see anyone shopping.
“It’s all a façade,” Billy said. “Fake City, we call it. Pretty realistic, isn’t it? My father helped build this. After the rebellion, when things settled down, the new government worked fast cleaning up the mess. But only the mess outsiders might see. And it wasn’t just a mess from war. People lived like pigs.”
“Who would see it?” I asked.
“The old airport is out of town. Visitors come in this way. It’s important,” Connie said. “You’ll understand some day.”
“Where are all the people now?” I asked, looking around the clean streets, devoid of human life.
“Careful Billy,” Connie said. “Don’t want to upset our guest.”
It was too late. I’d answered in my mind; the people who used to live here were all dead. It had to be the only answer. I was getting sick, my stomach acting up, terror, sadness, the unknown, all critical to a child. “I need to use the toilet,” I said, choking back tears again.
“Hang on, kiddo,” Billy said. “We’re almost there. You can go at the guard house. Can you wait that long?”
“I think so,” I said.
The false store fronts transitioned to actual lavishly appointed, gated apartment buildings. “This is where the young, rich people live,” Billy said, pointing up.
“The rich young white people,” Connie mumbled.
“Wow, do you live here?” I asked in my innocence.
“Ha! Us? No way. We live in government housing,” Billy said, Connie laughing.
I’d never seen anything like it. The landscaping was beautiful, with lush grounds, beautiful trees in the very early stages of color change, swathes of fall color in flowers I couldn’t believe were real. I wondered what my dad thought of it. I wished I could tell him what I was seeing, that it was the same thing he looked at every day and night.
“Did your father ever tell you about this?” Connie asked.
I shook my head. “The only thing he told me about work was the interesting people he saw every day. A lot of people in costume. I think that’s what he said. Dignitaries.”
“Yep, that’d be dignitaries. Detroiters wear regular clothes, most wear uniforms.”
“We wear regular clothes in Europe Town, don’t we?” I asked, looking down at my jeans and t-shirt.
“You do,” Connie asked, but I could tell she was being nice, placating me.
The van reached a tall gate with a guard house. “Do you still need to go?” Billy asked.
I shook my head. The feeling had left me for the time being. A man with black skin and a dark blue uniform came out, flashed an object that reminded me of a squirt gun at a label on the window and raised the gate.
“What’s wrong with his skin?” I asked, twisting in my seat to watch the gate lower. I wondered if I was going to be trapped in Detroit, now.
“Whose?” Connie asked, frowning.
“That man’s skin. Why’s it black?”
“He’s supposed to be that way. He’s an African,” Billy said.
“Where does he live?” I asked, but I knew the answer before Billy even spoke.
“Africa Town. African people have black skin. Latin people have brown skin, Asian people have pale skin. You and I have olive skin. Old Connie here is a whitey. You’ll see lots of different people in Detroit.”
“You certainly will,” Connie said.
“But where’s Africa Town?”
“Oh, not far,” Connie replied. “There’re towns all over the place.”
I looked down at my skinny arm. My skin was olive? Since when? Paul’s grandfather with his stump of an arm came to mind and I shivered. I prayed there’d be no one armed, blind people in Detroit.
“And your dad never mentioned the people with different colored skin?”
“No. That’s why I can’t believe it.”
“Your dad follows all the rules, I guess,” Connie said, snickering. “He’s a good Coalition citizen.”
“But not a member,” I said, remembering what Peter said. Only the fourth generation could join. “I can’t be a member, either.”
“You’ll be a member,” Billy said with finality.
“Shush, big mouth. Not yet,” Connie hissed.
I didn’t know what they meant, but it was something else that scared me. I didn’t want to be a member of anything that didn’t include my mom and dad. The increasing separation from my family packed dread into an already traumatizing day. I’d been with Connie and Billy for less than an hour and it seemed like days. Once again, I wondered what my family was doing.
“What time is it?” I asked.
“Almost lunch time. Are you getting hungry?”
“Lunch time? Is that all?”
My father wouldn’t even be home yet, would he? I saw my mother and grandmother alone in the house. They wouldn’t know what had happened to me. Trying to imagine the scenario when they discovered I wasn’t on the school bus was impossible; Mrs. Polsky’s murder kept taking over my imagination.
Chapter 10

Europe Town
Earlier that morning, Rose Manos dialed The Council Police when Eleni told her to do so. As if in slow motion, she did it by rote, following the rules. Paul Junior sobbed in the background with his head down on the kitchen table, unloading secrets neither woman would repeat to police about his father sharing the mysteries of the community and the midnight run he introduced to Steve.
Rose watched him blubbering, a nice kid, but not the smartest. He was probably indirectly responsible for whatever trouble Steve was in. She admonished herself; it was her son who had been kidnapped. The problem occurred when smart children were introduced to too much information, too soon. The phone was finally answered by a man. “Council Police, do you need a squad car?”
“Yes,” Rose said, anxiety mounting as she spoke the horrific words. “My son was kidnapped at the bus kiosk in Europe Town this morning!”
“How do you know this?”
“A classmate came to the house to tell us. Please hurry.”
“He should have used the kiosk phone,” the voice said. “The kidnapper could be miles away by now.”
“He said it was a white van,” Rose added.
“That narrows it down. All delivery vans are white. We’ll send a car around. Don’t worry about your boy.”
The voice ended the call, and like an automaton, Rose stopped worrying. The Council Police would know where Steve was. They’d find him and bring him home. The alternative was unthinkable.
“All’s well. Since it was a delivery van it narrows down where Steve is headed,” Rose informed Eleni.
“It was a delivery van? Of course. Relief,” Eleni said, slapping her hands on her legs and standing up. “Let’s have tea. Paul, you’re going to have to go back to school.”
“Okay,” Paul said, wiping his face with his t-shirt, fear of reprisal strong.
Handing him a towel, Eleni instructed him to use it instead of his shirt. Rose went to the door, looking out over the neighborhood, waiting for the patrol car. The street was always quiet during the day, young children kept inside. A distant lawnmower could be heard if she listened intently. Not the norm to mow unless it was a weekend, but someone might have received a warning. The Council Police were looking in backyards, now, too. Hopefully that meant some of the weedy, junk filled lots would soon be cleaned up or hefty fines paid, sometimes imprisonment.
A newer patrol car pulled up, and Rose went out on the porch. The officer got out but didn’t come up to the house. “You’ve got young Antoni in there?” he asked.
“I do,” Rose said. “Do you want to come inside and talk to him?”
Somehow, he knew it was Paul. Rose couldn’t remember sharing Paul’s name over the phone. Maybe the school also called the police. Wondering why the man wasn’t approaching the house was even more frightening. Would they concentrate all their efforts on punishing Paul for leaving the line up instead of searching for Steve?
“Just send him out. I’ve got to get him back to school. An inspector will be around to talk to you later today. A team is on its way to get your boy, so you can relax.”
His words had the opposite effect. “Where was he taken?” Rose asked, anxiety building up, fears growing.
“I’m not sure,” he lied. “Someone will call you soon.”
“When will he be brought back home?”
“I can’t tell you that, either,” he said. “Someone will call you.”
With no way to contact her husband, Rose waited, trying to stay as busy as possible when the wellbeing of one’s child is unknown. By the time the school bus returned that afternoon with a bus load of students that didn’t include Steve, she and Eleni were beside themselves with anguish. Standing in the door, they watched Paul Junior walk by the house with a red, swollen face, look up solemnly without addressing them and they knew he’d been warned, or worse.
And then the worst, when the worker’s bus arrived at seven, George walked toward home with the others, heads down, stony, Paul Antoni Sr. not among them.
“Get inside,” George hissed when Rose came out to meet him. Turning around quickly, she moved through the door, pushing Eleni back inside.
“We need to tell you something, George,” Rose said, catching a sob. “Something horrible.”
“Where’s Peter and Stephanie?” he asked noticing their absence immediately.
“The baby is sick again and they left early to take him back to the clinic,” Eleni said. “But we have something you need to hear.”
“You’d better sit down,” Rose said, hiccupping.
Rose was not a blubberer, but she started, plopping down in a chair, her behavior putting George on alert.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, nerves raw. “Is it the baby?”
“Our Stevie was kidnapped today!” Rose sobbed.
“What?”
“A delivery truck stopped at the bus kiosk and took him. They won’t tell me what happened, but Paul Junior saw it and ran over to tell me. He must have gotten into trouble because he didn’t acknowledge us on the way home this afternoon.”
“We called The Council Police,” Eleni said, signifying the seriousness of the situation.
“You called The Council Police, of course. What did they say?”
“They wouldn’t tell me anything!” Rose said, crying. “Just that they were going to pick him up. We don’t know if he’s dead or alive.”
Shaking, George stood up, carefully walked to the phone, and with trembling hands, dialed The Council Police. After he explained why he was calling, he was put on hold while the answerer sought information. In minutes, she returned.
“Your son is fine. You’ll be contacted soon with more information.”
“When? Are they bringing him home? Where is he?”
“Someone will contact you soon, Mr. Manos. Sit tight.”
He looked up from the receiver. “She hung up on me. She said he was fine. Someone will be in touch.”
“That’s what the officer said. It’s been hours. What does it mean? Why aren’t they bringing him home?”
“I don’t know,” George said. “Why would anyone kidnap our son?”
“It was a delivery truck,” Eleni said. “I bet it has something to do with Tiresias.”
“Paul Senior didn’t get on the bus,” George said, distracted.
“What do you mean?”
“Just what I said! He didn’t get on the bus coming home.”
The women repeated what Paul Junior had said about his father sharing forbidden information with his son and then Paul telling Steve everything.
“I bet that has something to do with his absence,” Eleni said.
“So that’s how Steve knew where to go? I should have killed Antoni when I had the chance,” George bellowed.
“Georgie, pipe down,” Eleni said. “We don’t need The Council Police here with a warrant for the threat of murder.”
“I think it’s probably too late,” Rose said. “If he wasn’t on the bus, it could only mean one thing…”
As a unit almost, they left the kitchen and hustled to the door in time to see Candy Antoni hurrying to the bus, Paul and Paul Senior’s father bringing up the rear. “They’re looking for him,” Rose whispered.
“Go out and tell her he wasn’t on the bus,” Eleni said, pushing George forward.
“He could get into trouble,” Rose hissed, swatting her mother-in-law’s hand off her husband. “Candy will find out soon enough, if there’s anything to know.”
“I wonder if Stevie told someone Paul led him to Tiresias,” George said.
The thought that their son could be tortured into giving details was both terrifying and enraging. “No. I’m sure Paul Junior told them when he was dragged out of here. For all we know, he never went back to school. They could have interrogated him and they in turn took care of Paul Senior.”
“We need to eat,” Rose called out, the imagery of her son being interrogated too much to comprehend. “Let’s have something to eat while we wait for news of Steve.”
“I can’t eat,” George said, choking. “I need to know that my son is okay before we sit down for dinner. What’s he having tonight? I want him home to eat with his family.”
“I’m going to call The Council Police again,” Rose said, reaching for the phone.
No one stopped her.
Chapter 11
Worry for my family blocked the excitement trying to take hold as the afternoon unfolded and it became clearer that I might not make it home in time for dinner. Once we were through the gate, Billy drove through an urban area unlike anything I’d ever seen. Glass and steel skyscrapers reached to the sky, juxtaposed with smaller buildings built of different colored bricks with ornate moldings and details. It was something out of a book. I saw the river flowing beyond the buildings, sunlight glinting on it, the current evident in the movement of the reflection on the water. Gigantic ships headed downriver captured my imagination. What was their cargo?
“What’s that?” I asked, perched on the edge of my seat. “What’s its name?”
“Why, that’s the Detroit River. I keep forgetting you’ll learn geography when you’re a teenager. You’ll learn your universe actually moves beyond Europe Town or wherever you live.”
“It’s Europe Town,” I replied.
Looking over at Connie, I saw her watching me curiously. “You’ve got a thousand questions, don’t you?”
I nodded. “It’s beyond me why they wait until a kid is thirteen to tell them the truth,” Connie said.”
“I don’t think a little kid’s gonna understand,” Billy said.
“Understand what?” I asked.
“We’ll get indoors first and then you can start asking questions,” Connie answered.
“Where are we?” I asked looking around, ignoring her.
We’d driven inland from the river a few blocks, stopping at one of the modern buildings. This one had balconies placed around the perimeter and round, dark windows all the way up the side of the building, like glass eyes. It wasn’t as welcoming as the other buildings.
“This is The Council building,” Billy said. “Doesn’t it look like a prison?”
Billy drove up the ramps of an indoor parking structure. It was scary; I’d never been higher than my bedroom window, the force of the grade up pushing me back against the seat.
Pulling into a spot with a Reserved sign painted across it’s surface increased my curiosity. Thinking Connie and Billy must be important to have a reserved space, I asked just like that. “Are you important?”
“Ha! Not hardly,” Connie replied.
“But we sometimes have important passengers,” Billy said, ruffling my hair. I didn’t like it and pulled away from him, but he overlooked it.
Connie stepped into the elevator and held the door for us, but I hesitated. I’d heard stories of elevators killing people, another terrifying experience. “What if it crashes to the ground?”
“It won’t,” she reassured, reaching for my hand and pulling me inside.
“And if it does, we won’t know what hit us,” Billy said. They laughed but I didn’t think it was funny.
“How far up do we go?” I asked, hanging on to the railing.
Within seconds, I felt the sensation, looking forward to more now, the adrenalin rush appealing.
“Twenty-four,” Billy answered. “Our home away from home.”
I looked at the keypad; we were at six. Closing my eyes, I enjoyed the feeling of speeding against gravity. When the car came to a stop, it did so with a quick jerk jarring my knees.
“Here we are,” Connie said, stepping out and holding the door for us.
The elevator emptied into a light-filled hallway. There were two large windows at the end of the corridor but light was coming from the ceiling, too. Craning my neck around, I saw circular apertures from which the light seemed to be coming.
“Is that a light bulb?” I asked.
“Why does a kid care where the light is coming from?” Billy asked, frowning.
“It’s a light tube,” Connie answered. “Every floor has them. The tube goes through the ceiling and comes out the side. Those round eyes on the building? That’s what they’re for.”
The carpeting was thick and muffled our voices. Half way down the hall, Connie stopped at a door and knocked. We waited for less than a minute when Billy took a plastic card from his shirt and swiped it through a slit in the door, but the door opened from within by a beautiful girl wearing the same uniform Connie had on. “I’m sorry. I was in the ladies room.”
“Perfect timing!” Billy shouted.
The girl giggled, smiling at me. “So is this Steve?”
“This is Steve,” Connie confirmed.
“Steve of Europe Town,” Billy said.
“We haven’t had anyone from Europe Town in a long time,” the girl replied, barely able to contain her joy. I was mystified.
Holding out her hand to me, she continued to smile. I had to admit it was contagious and finally, I lost the hard guy demeanor and smiled back.
“I’m Darleen,” she said, her hand suspended in air.
I offered my hand and she shook it. “Welcome to Detroit, Steve. You and I have a lot to talk about. I imagine you have a lot of questions for me.”
“Oh, he’s full of questions.”
I looked around the room and could see Billy through a doorway into what looked like a bedroom, talking on a strange looking, wireless device, pacing. Connie peered into a refrigerator, assembling a tray of food I hoped would be for me. I’d forgotten my fear and was suddenly hungry.
“I’m here to answer all your questions,” Darleen said, catching my attention again. “First, you’ll have a bite to eat and then we can get down to business.”
“When can I go home?” I asked the question foremost on my mind.
Darleen pulled out a chair for me. “Sit down, Steve. I don’t want to diminish the seriousness of what you’ve done so let’s get the recriminations out of the way. You understand what that is, don’t you?”
I nodded my head, dread growing. Turning to a storage unit, Darleen brought out a file folder which had been placed in an upright file holder, several folders stashed behind it. Waving it at me, she frowned.
“This thick thing belongs to you. Normally, young people stay off the radar until high school graduation. It gives them an opportunity to prove to themselves and the community what they have to offer to society. Rarely, by high school, someone will stand out enough to grab our attention.”
“Our being The Council,” Connie added, looking up from the kitchenette.
“Right, but we’ll cover that in a moment. First of all, you called attention to yourself by breaking the rules. We watched that first escape to the protected zone with interest. Paul Antoni stepping out of character like he did, involving you in his shenanigans was a surprise to us. Up until that moment, Paul didn’t cause any alarm bells to ring.
“After that first night, we expected him to fade away, just as he did. You stepping up on your own was a surprise! Don’t get me wrong; we always expected great things from you. But average great things. Not over the top great things.”
I didn’t understand why a hike through the woods was a great thing, but didn’t comment.
Connie giggled as Darleen explained it. “Are you following what she’s saying?” Connie asked.
“You knew we were running to Tiresias,” I said.
“Yes, but Paul only snuck off once. That trip was enough to satisfy his curiosity. You kept going back.”
Speechless, I wondered where this was going. I was too young to catch the concept of a set-up.
I heard a motor running from within the kitchenette and then a bell rung. “Done!” Connie exclaimed, taking a paper plate out of a box-like device which she set down in front of me. On the plate was a triangular piece of what looked like bread covered in cheese and some kind of sausage. I looked at it, not sure how to eat it.
“Do you know what that is?” Connie asked. I shook my head. “It’s pizza! Try a bite.”
I’d heard of pizza from classmates, but it wasn’t something any of us had to eat at home. “Do I need a fork?” I asked, looking around the plate in case I missed it.
“Nope, just pick it up. Careful, it might be a little hot.”
Hot was an understatement, the cheese was molten and burned the roof of my mouth. But it was so delectable, I just blew on it and took another bite. “Isn’t it good?” Connie asked.
“One thing the revolution didn’t destroy was Detroit pizza,” Billy said, walking back into the room. “Okay, it’s all set. Darleen, you’re in charge. Buddy, it was nice meeting you. Connie and I have another dissenter to pick up. See you both later.”
“Wait,” I said. “I thought you were going to tell me when I could go home.”
“Darleen has answers to all your questions now, Steve. Just relax. You’ll see. Everything has a way of working out.”
I watched them leave the apartment, or office or whatever it was, feeling abandoned, like they were being swallowed up, the pizza quickly forgotten.
Darleen poured coffee into a cup and came back to the table, pulling out a chair across from me. “I apologize for the interruption. They must have another young person breaking the rules. Can you understand the deeper implication?”
“I want to go home,” I said, having lost interest in anything she was telling me.
“I know you do. But it’s not possible now,” she explained. Standing up again, she went to the window and looked out.
“From here, you can see how flat Michigan is. You’ll learn Michigan used to be a state. Do you know what a state is? At one time, this country was a portion of a continent divided into forty-eight unequal, haphazard sections called states. The reasons for the boundaries didn’t make any sense. Each state was governed like an individual country. Some people thrived, others barely survived.”
She turned to me, her face expressionless. “That simple explanation is paramount to why the rebellion started. Dissatisfaction. Eventually what happened is that the revolution took place; the people voted leaders into power who would change those things. Most of the population lives like you and your family live. Comfortable, safe, enough to eat, healthcare for all. It’s mostly equal.”
I wasn’t confident enough to argue with her, but I knew because of recent conversations with my family that what she had just said wasn’t true.
“But why am I here?”
“Leaders are born, not made,” she said, misquoting some obscure source. “We wait for leaders to show themselves in a special way and then we take over from the parents so an opportunity to achieve a highest potential is possible.”
“What does that mean?”
“Well, what it means is that when you disobeyed the rules, the negative became a positive, because it showed the leaders your special strengths. Now they want to harness that and help you develop into a leader.
“But that’s enough for now. Eat up your pizza. We have some errands to run.”
“We’re you a dissenter?” I asked, picking up on the word I head Billy use.
“No. Why would you think that?”
“How’d you get to work and live here?”
“I’m a Council Member,” she said, rubbing her knuckles on her chest. “Fourth Generation Coalition.”
“When do I go home?” I was right on the verge of tears.
“You don’t. Not another word about going home for now, okay? You’ll just have to trust me.”
Her words reduced me from a tough almost thirteen year old, to a little boy again. I missed my mother and father. I knew they would be worried sick about me but there seemed little I could do about it. A knock on the door shook me out of my doldrums, my senses on alert.
Darleen got up from the table to open the door. Once again, she stood aside, letting a handsome man inside. Standing on her toes, she stretched up to kiss him, while he kept one eye on me.
“So you’re Steve,” he said, reaching for my hand.
I didn’t reply, worry and dread preventing me from pleasantries.
“We’re about ready,” Darleen said, glancing at me with compassion. “He doesn’t have much appetite.”
“It’ll pick up when he smells a freshly made pizza. How long was that in the fridge?” he wrinkled his nose, pointing at my plate.
Darleen laughed. “It’s just from last night,” she said. “Come on, Steve, let’s go.”
I was reluctant to leave the apartment unless it was to go home, but I was pretty sure by then I wasn’t returning to Europe Town right away. I still hoped I’d be home in time for dinner.
Chapter 12

Europe Town
In spite of the devastation taking place, the earth continued to turn on its axis. Sunset came, heat rising from the concrete took the chill off the early autumn evening. George and Rose Manos sat on their front porch, watching the surrounding homes carefully, aware that tragedy had struck elsewhere that day. Candy Antoni wailed in grief until Council investigators, the same ones who’d warned Rose to control Steve and then shot Mrs. Polsky, pulled up in their car.
Silence spread over the neighborhood as inquiring ears strained to hear The Council interrogate Candy. Candy and Paul Junior swore the only detail Paul Senior shared with his son was the explanation of Tiresias, which wouldn’t have been necessary if the late Mrs. Polsky hadn’t opened her mouth that August day.
“What did he tell you about the people who live in the protected zone?” one man asked.
“I already told you,” Paul whined. “Just that they live there and we live here. He didn’t say why.”
“What made you take the trip then? If there was nothing to see…”
“He said there was a fence around it as big as a building. I wanted to see it for myself.”
“Why’d you take the Manos boy with you?”
“I knew he’d want to see it,” Paul said.
“You know he went back there repeatedly, don’t you?” the officer said, eyeing Paul conspiratorially. “He went to see a girl who lives in the facility, a girl named Penelope.”
Paul Junior bit his lip from calling out “Liar!” He didn’t believe Steve Manos went back alone. It infuriated him, as well. The girl who called out when they ran off must be Penelope. But Paul wasn’t going to share that.
“He didn’t go back alone. I don’t believe it! He would have told me.”
“Not necessarily,” the officer said on the sly. “Maybe he wanted to keep Penelope to himself. She’s young and beautiful.”
“I’ve always said the Manos boy couldn’t be trusted,” Candy Antoni said, disgusted, wiping her eyes. “This proves it!”
The officer frowned at her, shaking his head in disgust. “You don’t have to worry about Steve Manos. He won’t be coming back.”
Shocked, Paul jumped up. “Where is he?”
“That, young man is none of your business. You should be more upset about losing your father. We’ve come to warn you to stay on your best behavior, Mr. Antoni. Mrs. Antoni, you’ve lost your husband, you don’t want to lose your son. Keep him under control.”
“I’ll try,” she said, knowing it would be impossible without Paul Senior there to help her.
The officer left the house without offering condolences, letting the door slam. “Dad’s dead,” Candy said, turning to Paul. “Did you understand that? Whatever you told them today caused The Council to kill your father. Now I have to go tell the old man. You and your big, smart mouth.”
Surprised that she would blame him for his dad’s death, Paul squirmed a little, started to argue, and then thought better of it. What difference did it make now? Steve was gone; someone named Penelope beyond the fence waited for his return. He remembered her screams. Wait, don’t leave! Please, I beg of you, come back!
Trying to conjure up regret that his father was dead, the full impact of it would hit later when he, his mother and grandfather would have to move into a Europe Town apartment complex with the rest of the single-parent households, a little closer to Tiresias.
Banished to his room, Paul heard Candy pacing, periodic sobs that she didn’t try to stifle echoing throughout the house. The phone rang; their next door neighbors begging her to pipe down, she woke up the baby.
Down the street in their house close to the corner, the Manos family suffered through a double whammy; just as The Council car pulled away from the Antoni’s, Peter and Stephanie finally returned home from what was supposed to be a follow up visit for baby Steve, empty-handed.
“Where’s the baby?” George asked, concerned.
He and Rose were still on the porch, while Eleni had given up, retreating to the basement to try to sleep.
Peter had his arm around Stephanie, and at the question she began to cry. “We had to leave him there.”
“Where?” Rose asked. “You left him where?”
“At the clinic,” Peter whispered, looking down at Stephanie. He hoped his soft voice would lessen the blow, but it just made it worse and she sobbed harder. “They’re going to take him over to the big hospital in the city.”
“In the city?” Rose asked, incredulous. Patients taken to the city rarely returned home. This was not a good sign.
“Detroit. They’re taking him to Detroit.”
“Steve was kidnapped today,” George blurted out, sagging in the chair.
Stephanie stopped crying, stunned. “What are you saying? Is this a joke?”
Bowing her head, Rose started to cry instead. “I wish it was. We still don’t know if he’s coming home,” she said. “We’re supposed to hear any minute. We’ve been saying that all day.”
“We hope we’ll hear,” George said. “And Paul Antoni didn’t get on the bus after work today. Candy’s been wailing all evening, a squad car visited a while ago. She just started crying again.”
Putting his finger up, they listened and sure enough, there it was; the cries of a broken-hearted wife.
“Oh my God, I can’t believe Steve isn’t home,” Stephanie moaned. “What’s happening to our family?”
“We can’t blame Polsky for baby Steve’s virus, but I’d like to.”
“What happened to Paul?” Peter asked.
“Let’s go inside. I feel ears trained on us,” George whispered, standing up. He offered Rose his hand, leading her inside, and everyone gathered around the table.
“Sit down,” Rose said, despondent. “I’ll fix coffee.” It was something to do in a time of crisis.
“I’ll get my mother,” George said.
Coffee made, Eleni once again sitting with the family, they told Stephanie and Peter the story of Steve’s kidnapping, Paul Junior running to the house which in turn got him in trouble with the police. They were sure he’d told Council Police Paul Senior told him about Tiresias.
“I’m not sure how one thing led to the other, but it did. I’m pretty sure my son was inside the fence.”
“No! Don’t even say such a thing,” Eleni cried.
“It’s true. I’m sure if the investigator ever shows up that’s what they’ll tell us.”
The phone rang, its shrill bell making them jump. Rose ran to the phone and answered. “It’s the hospital,” she said worried, holding the phone out for her sister.
Stephanie took the receiver and spoke into it, frowning. She listened for several minutes without being given the chance to respond.
“When will we be able…” She tried to ask but was cut off. Finally, “Okay, thank you for calling.”
Hanging up, everyone waited for her news. “His fever broke,” she said. “That’s good news. But they said he has to stay there for observation and they’ll get back to us soon.”
“Did they say when?” Peter asked.
“No. They said we’d be able to ask questions later, that he didn’t have time to address anything now.”
“That’s really a bunch of crap,” Peter said.
“It’s so lonely here without our boys,” Eleni said.
The sound of tires on leaves out in the street got their attention and they got up from the table to look out the window. “Is it Steve?” Eleni asked.
“No, but it’s The Council Police,” George said, stony.
“Oh God,” Rose started.
“Take it easy,” George whispered. “I don’t want them taking you away, too.”
He went to the door and saw an officer he was familiar with, someone who was in the neighborhood regularly. Stepping aside with the door open to let him in, but the officer shook his head. “I don’t need to come inside,” he said. George thought since he was alone, he might be afraid of an ambush.
“Where’s my son?” George said, tired of carefully choosing his words.
“Don’t have an attitude with me, Manos. I could’ve let you stew all night. We’re busy, you know. It ain’t like we got the time to come and placate parents because they can’t keep track of their kids.”
“You know that’s not the case here,” George said.
“Yes it is! The first time we warned you, the same night…” he nodded over toward the Polsky house, “the same night that happened, you should have boarded up the kid’s window. You knew he’d been sneaking around yet you continued to enable him to break the law.”
“So where is he? Does he get to come back?” George knew it was a loaded question and with Rose standing there taking in every word, it could get ugly.
The officer looked over George’s shoulder at the family staring at him and back to George, like he knew what George was thinking. Nodding his head, he signaled for George to come out on the porch. “I don’t want to upset your wife,” he whispered.
Oh crap, George thought, wishing he had a gun. “Stay here,” he told Rose. “You, too Manula, everyone stay inside for a minute.”
“I’m not going to harm George,” the officer called out.
“Slime,” Eleni hissed. “Piece of skata.”
“Eleni, hush,” Rose said, pushing her back into the kitchen. “Make more coffee please. We’re going to be up all night, we might as well be awake.”
Out on the porch, the officer told George that Steve was now a ward of The Council. When George started to sputter and cry, the officer actually showed some compassion. “He’s going to have it better than you could ever provide for him, George. They saw something in the boy, a quality they don’t see that often and they want to give him every opportunity.”
“He’s my boy. How can living with strangers be better for him?”
“Look, it’s out of your hands now. In a while he’ll be able to contact you. Don’t you try to see him or contact him yourself, do you understand? The powers that be will take you down George; they’re serious about keeping things the same around here. You have your place and you better stick to it. Anyone trying to change it up around here is going to go down. You see what happened to Polsky and Antoni. Don’t let it happen to you.”
“You might as well kill me,” George moaned. “My wife is never going to accept this.”
“It’s better that your boy is in a good place, a better place than you could ever provide for him, then you being dead. Trust me. You and the misses.”
“What does that mean? I’m so tired of tiptoeing around in my own neighborhood.”
“It’s the way things are George. I tell you it’s better to accept it than to fight it. You’ll be proud of your boy someday.”
He tipped his hat, getting into the car and as he pulled away from the house kept his eye on George. George watched him drive away, an overpowering feeling of dread encompassing him. The car reached the corner and stopped, waiting for an inordinate length of time, the streets empty at that hour. But finally, it slowly turned the corner and disappeared from view.
Memory of the Color Yellow
–
Four
Chapter 13

Steve
Outstretching her hand, Darleen reached for mine while we were leaving the apartment. “This is my husband, Jackie,” Darleen said.
“Hi, Steve,” Jackie said, tapping me on the back. “I guess you’ve had quite an adventure today.”
The worry that I wasn’t going home slowly became dread. I didn’t want to pout though. Jackie seemed like a nice enough guy, but I couldn’t be sure. He might be there to slap me around, for all I knew.
“Yeah, I guess so,” I replied.
Darleen held onto my hand like my mother would have, leading me to the elevator, Jackie and Darleen unabashedly sharing the personal highlights of their day. Jackie held the door for us and we repeated the trip down to the ground floor, the thrilling lift and heave to my stomach was better than the crappy feeling I had and I even laughed.
“First trip down?” Jackie asked, smiling. When I nodded, he yelled “High five!” with his hand in the air. I finally got what he expected of me and jumped up to reach it.
“This way,” he said, leading the way out of the building.
“Where’s the car parked?” Darleen asked.
“Over at Anthony’s,” Jackie answered, a mischievous smile on his face.
“Oh boy, Anthony’s Pizza! You’re in for a treat,” Darleen said. “Can you handle pizza twice in a row?”
“I think so,” I said, trying not to be a drudge.
I wanted my mother’s green beans cooked in tomato, fresh from my Yiayia’s garden, and bread she’d made with the acorns we picked in the woods. Ashamed I’d ever complained about the food she served me, I’d make it up to her as soon as I got back home.
“A good meal and you’ll feel better,” Darleen said, reminding me again of my mother, of her obsession with feeding me.
“My mom says that all the time,” I said.
“Does she? It must be a mom thing,” Darleen said, hugging me as we walked down the street. I’d learn that the pizza place was world famous, that the dignitaries my father drove all over the city made a point of stopping there whenever they were in town.
Jackie held the door for us and we walked in to a dark, candlelit space, smelling of warm bread and oregano, walls lined with booths, tables for two in the aisle. A human being in a white shirt and tie met us inside. I was unable to determine what it was, man or woman.
“Three?” it said in a possibly female voice.
“Yep!” Jackie said. “Can we have a booth in back?”
“Follow me,” the person said.
Jackie slid in to the booth facing the door and Darleen stood aside so I could get in ahead of her. When we were seated, the person held out papers for us to take, but Jackie shook his head. “No menus necessary,” he said. “We’ll take a large house special pizza and Coke all around.”
“Coke!” I said, excited.
“All you want,” Darleen said.
“I had Coke once, at summer carnival.”
“Summer carnival was discontinued a long time ago. You must have been a baby,” Darleen replied.
“And he remembered having it!” Jackie said, smiling at me. “Coke is good.”
The couple chatted, making small talk, and I was caught up in it against my will, probably sharing too much about home, but they already knew most of it. No one’s life was that different, it turned out, even from Europe Town.
The pizza came and I was immediately addicted. “Can you see why people come from all over the world just to have this pizza?” Jackie said, closing his eyes and chewing like he was in heaven.
Darleen and I conspired, making fun of him. By the time we were done eating and the bill was paid, I was relaxed and had forgotten about worry for my family. We walked three astride, me in the middle, with their arms across my shoulders. Darleen motioned for me to get in the front seat and she sat in back. “The men get the best seats up front,” she said.
“The men protect the women,” Jackie replied, locking the doors.
The chatter continued as he drove through the city going east. Towering office buildings soon segued to one story buildings, to apartment buildings again, and then to single family homes. But the houses weren’t the 1950’s post war bungalows of Europe Town. These were older, almost palatial structures with expansive lawns. Even the name of the street had changed from Jefferson to Lakeside.
“Wow!” I said. “What’s this place called?”
“This is government housing,” Jackie said. “This is where we live.”
“The area is called Grosse Pointe,” Darleen said. “Our house is in Grosse Point Shores.”
“Gross? That’s gross!” I said, reduced to my worst adolescent boy caricature.
They laughed along with me, no recriminations for acting foolish. Turning a corner onto an even nicer street, I could see they had waterfront property, absolutely unheard of.
“Is this the Detroit River?” I asked in awe, leaning forward.
“Very good, Steve!” Jackie said. “It’s Lake Saint Claire, but I’m surprised you know about the river.”
“Billy and Connie told me,” I said.
He nodded his head, glancing at Darleen in the review. “You’re a quick learner. Yep, we lucked out all right. My mom and dad live in this house and Dar and I wanted to be by the water so we stay with them.”
“Your mom and dad are here?”
“Yes they are. But they won’t bother you much, I promise.”
“I don’t mind,” I said, thoughts of my family returning. “I miss my grandmother.”
“Aw, I’m sorry,” Darleen said squeezing my shoulder, validating my feelings.
It gave me hope that an end was in sight and I’d be going home, but it meant the opposite. “You’ll like them,” Jackie said, pulling up into a driveway and the condition of the house shocked me.
In a state of disrepair, I thought of the effort the inhabitants of Europe Town had to make to keep their homes maintained or suffer the consequences. Evidently, the government had slipshod standards for their own housing. The threat that the electricity might be shut off permanently in Europe Town was a real fear, yet lights were blazing all over the house here in Grosse Pointe, even illuminating the front trees and along a dock which led to the lake. In spite of the sun setting blindingly behind the house, little light was able to get through the smudged windows, making the lights a necessity. Dust moats floated in the air. A critical streak rose within me and I saw the rooms through my mother’s eyes. The interior seemed extremely cluttered after Rose’s minimalist decorating. Lots of heavy floral prints on furniture and hangings on windows, pieces of pottery littered the surfaces, paintings and other framed artwork covering the walls. An arched doorway from the living and dining rooms led to an enclosed porch area they called the atrium.
“Let’s sit in the atrium,” Jackie said. “We won’t have many more evenings before winter comes to sit out here.”
I thought of my parents bundled in afghans, sitting on our open porch in every kind of weather just to escape the indoors and how much they’d love the atrium in spite of the clutter.
I followed Jackie down two steps into the porch. It was furnished in a hodgepodge of painted furniture, furniture upholstered in velvet and more floral prints, an extension of the collections inside the house spilling out. I thought of the rusty folding chairs and makeshift table on our Europe Town front porch and wished my mother could see this, could have something as nice.
“What do you think? Isn’t this better than Europe Town?” Jackie said.
Darleen walked out with a tray. “Here’s tea,” she said. “I’m sure Steve loved his home in Europe Town, Jackie. There’s no comparison.”
“Oh, I know that, but I just want him to appreciate the difference.”
“I’m not going home, am I?” The realization hit me in the gut.
Darleen set the tray down. The three of us stood in a circle, looking at the brick floor. I saw a tumbleweed of dust and hair. “No, you’re not. I’m sorry Steve.”
Sadness welled up in my chest, but I controlled it, not sure where the end would be if I let loose, the anguish and disbelief more than I had ever encountered.
“The leaders here think you have something special,” Jackie said, reaching out for my arm. “Darleen and I want a family, and when you started taking your trips, word trickled down you might become available so we applied right away. White dissidents are rare, so we were thrilled at the chance and then when we were approved…”
“I understand how overwhelmed you must be,” Darleen said. “Too much information, probably some of it shocking, in a short time.”
“You’ll learn the whole truth soon,” Jackie said.
“We don’t want to load too much on you though,” Darleen said. “Let’s sit down and have our tea, shall we? Grandmother and grandfather will join us in a moment.”
She nodded to the couch and I obediently sat, wishing I had the courage to run away. I thought I could find my way back home, but I’d have to get over that fence, yet another fence to bar the way.
“Do I have to drink this?” Jackie said, wrinkling his nose.
“Yes, you do,” Darleen said. “Steve’s family has tea at night, don’t they, Steve? We’re going to try the same routine he’s used to at home.”
“Sometimes they drink coffee if it’s a weekend. Or if there’s a problem. I bet they’re having coffee now. My mother always says, ‘If we’re going to be up all night we might as well be awake.’”
“That’s a good one,” Darleen said, smiling.
She handed me a cup of tea, and I could see my mother standing at the stove, making my father a pot of coffee. I doubted they’d be sleeping much tonight.
Chapter 14

Europe Town
The temperature had dropped to fifty, heading lower after midnight. The Manos family huddled on the front porch, bundled up against the wind, a candle’s light flickering in spite of the protection of a glass chimney. George lit a cigarette and passed it off to his mother, Eleni. Rose replaced cups of coffee with small, handled glasses from the old country full of clear retsina. The anise aroma filled the air, strong enough to overcome the wind. George had relayed the news that Steve would not be coming back. Silence punctuated by an occasional sob, it was a family in despair, powerless to rescue their only son, trying to find comfort in old routines.
“I’m not going to work tomorrow,” George said. “Let them come and drag me out of bed. They’re gonna take my kid, they can get some other sucker to drive their goddamned bus for five dollars an hour.”
“I never thought I’d hear my own voice say this,” Rose said, slowly coming out of shock. “But I agree. They can come and kill us.”
“All of us,” Peter said. “I have a bad feeling.”
“Oh, please don’t say you’re having bad feelings about baby Steve,” Stephanie groaned, sniffing.
“Okay, I won’t then,” Peter said, the aggression in his voice scary.
“Calm down, both of you. All of you,” Eleni said. “If you’re going to get drunk, keep your mean comments to yourself. This is supposed to be a time to support each other. George, think long and hard about skipping work.”
“I’m done, Manula,” he said, mother in Greek. “They think they can do a better job raising my son in this godforsaken land, I’ll give them a good reason; a lazy, unemployed slob for a father.”
Tears ran down his cheeks, but no one comforted him except for Rose’s hand placed on his knee. The quiet of the night punctuated by the wails of Candy Antoni, a hoot owl announced it was time for them to sleep.
“Come on Rose. Manula, you should go downstairs to sleep. Peter, Stephanie, we’ll face this in the morning.” George was trying to take charge, but accurately afraid it was too late.

Candy Antoni spent the evening alone with Paul Junior. A few neighbors crept over after dark with food gifts, cookies and a pie, a plate of homemade stuffed grape leaves. There would be no funeral; it wasn’t possible in Europe Town. Socializing, except for prescribed Sunday gatherings, wasn’t allowed, even for a death. She didn’t expect the Manos’ family to acknowledge what had happened. From what the visitors shared with her, they had their own pain to deal with.
“The boy, he’s not comin’ back,” Edwin Polsky whispered. “I hear the grandmother in travail all afternoon. It break my heart.”
No one dared approach the Manos house. But all eyes were focused on it, waiting.
Chapter 15

Steve
Less than twenty miles away from Europe Town, I lay in my new bed, listening to silence. Except for the awfulness of being separated from my family, the evening with Darleen and Jackie and his parents had been pleasant. The inner turmoil of the introduction of so many new, exciting opportunities while fighting the urge to cry was exhausting. Shortly after I’d arrived, Jackie’s mother, Miri and his father, John came in to meet me. They were European, John’s name a derivation of Jardani. They reminded me of a photograph I’d seen in a book my grandmother had, of a group of people who traveled around Europe in a caravan. Miri was tiny, about my height, with thick, pitch black hair in a long braid down her back. She wore a white shirt that could have been a man’s, with strings of beads and bracelets that clanged together when she moved and she was always moving. John was just the opposite, he gave the impression of rarely budging, a large, heavy-set man with a shock of white hair that needed cutting he lumbered, rather than walked. He too wore a white shirt. I discovered later it was a uniform of sorts for the adults in the Pointes. When I looked closer, I noticed his ear was pierced, the hole elongated from wearing earrings that were too heavy for the lobe. The shock of it was as bad as seeing Paul Senior’s father with his hand missing. It jarred.
A chill traveled through my body as I imagined what my father would say with a sneer under his breath, ‘Gypsies, their names are Romani.’
As the evening progressed, I heard their history. It was unsettling to hear conversation regarding current events, an act forbidden outside of the city. They narrowly missed having to move from the once beautiful house during the rebellion to Europe Town, thanks to their son.
“The only thing that saved us from having to move away was Jackie. He’s a fourth generation, which allowed him to become a member.”
“A Coalition member,” Darleen said. “We need to differentiate between members now that Steve’s hearing the truth.”
The adults looked at me with pursed lips and nodded their heads, scaring the hell out of me. What else was I going to learn? Members of what?
“I turned eighteen the same year the revolution came to an end and I put everything I could into making sure my parents were going to be okay,” Jackie said. “You’ll be able to do the same thing for your parents when you’re eighteen.”
I added numbers up; Jackie would be about forty now. Darleen was much younger; she looked about Penelope’s age. It was the first time I’d thought of her and the memory made me sad so I tried to concentrate on what Jackie was telling me.
“You grew up during the rebellion,” I stated, excitement growing, his suggestion that I might be able to offer my parents a better life thrilling, if I could just make the next five years fly by.
“Yep, they called us Generation Rising,” Jacked replied with pride. “A lot of my peers try to take responsibility for the rebellion, but it’s bullshit. It was the older men who hated the president in office at the time, hated him with a passion rarely seen before.”
“And hopefully won’t be seen again,” John said. “That kind of hatred initiates change.”
“What’s a president?” I asked.
“He was voted into office to lead the country, like our appointed leader does now.”
“If they voted him in, why’d they hate him?” I asked, confused.
“Ah! He’s quick!” John exclaimed. “Those who hated him were the capitalists. No matter what he did, they took exception to it. Our country never experienced anything like it before.”
“It was these older, wealthy men who put the ideology of the rebellion into practice and the revolution was the result. But to get to what you see now…,” he made a sweeping motion with his hand,” there had to be a massive shake up. People lost their lives, their homes.”
“Their fortunes, too,” John said. “Let’s not forget that. I will tell you confidentially…”
“Dad, not yet. Nothing like that yet,” Jackie said, with respect to his father.
John shut up immediately. I wondered what Jackie did for a living that allowed such salvation for his parents. I knew Darleen must have a government job; she wore the same scrub uniform Billy and Connie wore.
“Did you go to college?” I asked.
They turned to Steve with troubled expressions. “Of course,” Jackie said. “It’s mandatory.”
“It’s not in Europe Town,” I replied. “I’m going to go, was going to go, because my mom told me there was no alternative. But I don’t think it was going to be that easy.”
“And you’ll still go. Now that you’re here with us, it will be easy,” Jackie said. “Especially for you.”
“Let’s get Steve comfortable,” Darleen said quickly, her behavior transformed from confident to unsure. She looked discombobulated and I wondered what was said to upset her. “He’s taking a week off before he goes back to school. We are the lucky ones who have the privilege of helping him get up to date. He has a lot to learn in the next week!”
“Will I go back to my old school?”
“No dear, you’ll go here in the Pointes. I promise, it’s a nice school. You’ll see.”
Suddenly filled with dread, I couldn’t imagine fitting in with the kids at a school here, those who lived in these once grand, albeit dilapidated homes, especially if they knew where I came from. My stomach hurt and I felt like throwing up.
“No worries,” Darleen said, pulling me to her to hug. “Let’s have dessert and then Jackie will show you your computer!”
“Oh my, yes,” John said, animated. “His iPad, his Television, what else?”
“A phone! He’ll get a phone, too. As technology advances, he’ll need less and less. Everything will be accomplished with one device.”
I had no idea what they were talking about. The only technology we had in Europe Town was an ancient rotary phone that didn’t work much of the time. Occasionally, a teacher or someone in charge would slip up at school and mention computers, but it meant nothing to me.
“Come on, let’s see your room,” Darleen said.
We followed her through a maze of rooms to a staircase. To the right of the staircase I discovered what would have become my favorite destination in the entire house; Miri and John’s library. I stood in the doorway with my mouth hanging open. Miri did a little maneuver I would grow to love; she stood on her toes and clapped her hands.
“Oh my, he’s a reader! Thank God, the boy reads!” Grasping her hands together, she looked up at the ceiling prayerfully.
“You can come in here anytime you want, my son,” John said. “Anytime at all. They haven’t burned our books yet, and everyday I repeat my promise to read as much as I can before they do.”
Frowning, it was clear to me that Darleen wasn’t happy with John’s assessment of they. “No one ever said a thing about burning books,” she said under her breath. I thought of our two special books at home.
“It’s just a matter of time. After twenty years, they are still finding freedoms to take away,” John said.
“We only have two books. The Bible and a Dictionary.” I didn’t mention my grandmother’s secret library.
“You know why, don’t you?” John asked.
“Another time, Dad,” Jackie whispered. “Let’s show Steve his room.”
I want to refer to my room at home in Europe Town before I describe the room in Grosse Pointe Shores. I had the best room at home. My bed wasn’t the narrow beds of my friends. I had a real double bed, my parent’s old bed. Someone my dad knew from driving the bus moved into an apartment and they had an almost new bed to give away. The effort it took to get a permit for the giveaway, and to make the delivery arrangements took almost a year, but soon, the switch was made and I got their old bed. I had three pillows and two warm blankets. All my precious mementos were lined up on shelves Peter built. I had a hidden stack of contraband comic books Peter scrounged up when he was hunting for old underwear catalogs. It was a comfortable room.
The room at Jackie’s house was what I’d now call a kid’s dream room. The toys were yet to be figured out; building blocks that fit together so snuggly I could build something Jackie called spaceships with ease, more electronic devices, figurines of unknown origin which I would later learn were termed Action Figures. Kid appropriate books lined one wall. And the computer, well it didn’t take much instruction from Jackie for me to figure out how addicting it was going to be. The closet was full of clothes; not jeans and t-shirts, but pants and button up shirts, lots of leather shoes and sneakers, jackets, sweaters and coats, hundreds of items, all in my size.
“This is the uniform you’ll wear to school,” Darleen said, pulling hangers out of the closet.
The word uniform conjured the vision of Penelope and her friends in cheap, unstructured, loose cotton garments, both sexes wearing the same thing, or a sleeker version like what Darleen had on that moment. This uniform was completely different, including white shirts and ties, gray pants and a navy blue blazer. I didn’t know what it reminded me off but I had to keep from bursting out laughing. Maybe my dad’s bus driver’s uniform.
“What kind of school is it?” I asked, perplexed.
“A leadership school,” Jackie said. “It’s a privilege to go there, and I feel privileged having a son who will attend.”
He meant me, and I understood it was sweet and kind of him, but it still grated, longing for my dad. I thought all this because of curiosity about a girl. When I finally closed my eyes, I remembered Penelope telling me that the clearest memory of sight she had was of the color yellow, her grandmother’s Easter dress of yellow linen. Falling asleep, I saw Penelope standing on the wrong side of an electric fence wearing a yellow, linen dress.
Chapter 16

Tiresias
The fences and gate Steve Manos saw were not the whole of Tiresias. A cobbled trail littered with fallen leaves wound from the depot and transformer for a mile, leading to the village center. The entrance to the square, which the inhabitants couldn’t see, was clearly marked with a knee-high, hand-carved sign spelling out Paradise, the letters painted red. Penelope Randolph passed by the sign, knowing it was there, a landmark upon which the blind citizens of Paradise slapped their cane to prevent tripping.
“Ha! Paradise. I doubt it.”
“Sister Randolph, I heard that.”
“Oh Quigley, you know what I mean. It’s not that I don’t appreciate all that’s been done for me. Far from it. As a matter of fact, I’m completely saturated with deep appreciation.”
She tapped her way to the bench where Harrison Quigley sat in the center of the square, a book in his lap. He leaned to hug her when she sat down, something square and rigid poking her arm.
“What’ch you got there?” she asked, grabbing the front cover with her right hand and reading the title with her fingertips. “Oh my word, where on earth did you get this?”
“Shush, will you please?”
“Give it to me,” she said, reading more, spelling out the words. “G-I-O-V-anni’s Room! I’m impressed.”
“Whoever donated to our library this week had extremely progressive tastes in literature.”
“Can I have it when you’re done?”
“Certainly. We’ll have to do it legally, however. I value my library privileges. I don’t appreciate it when certain people don’t return my things.”
“Surely you don’t mean moi…”
“So what happened? I take it you’re alone. I thought Jim was bringing some fresh meat in for us.”
“He got scared and ran to the gate,” she replied, downtrodden. “I had a list of things I was going to ask him for, too.”
“Penelope, a teenager from Europe Town doesn’t have much gathering power,” Quigley said, trying to be gentle.
“Yes, but if I think what will happen to him happens, he’ll soon be living in the city with an entire retail extravaganza at his disposal.”
“You are a conniving little vixen,” he replied, laughing. “But I’m afraid you’ll be sorely disappointed. Once he gets a taste of the high life, he won’t be risking it to see the likes of you.”
“Maybe so,” she said. “But he’s probably been inoculated by now so at least it would be safe.”
“I wonder,” Quigley replied, pensive. “We really don’t have it that bad. We don’t have to work unless we want to. All our needs are met within the limits of propriety. We can just hang out all day and drink wine if we want.”
“You sound like you’re trying to convince yourself,” Penelope added. “I wonder what the point of it is.”
“You mean why it’s allowed? Instead of what?”
“Why not let us die?” she whispered. “I was so sick, I’d have preferred death, I’m sure my father thought I was going to die. I wonder why the better choice is warehousing us.”
“Don’t ask,” he said. “Although I’d heard old man Barker say right before he died, that it’s a test.”
“A test? Like a spiritual test?”
“Not a spiritual test. He couldn’t elaborate because the doctor shut him up fast. Did you ever think how quickly this whole thing was put together?”
“What? The zone?”
“Yes. I lived with my partner and his two children. After I lost my eyesight, I was allowed to live there. Concerns about contagions didn’t come up until later. Then the separation from my loved ones and the move to this place.”
“How’d you lose your eyesight?” Penelope asked.
“How?”
“I mean what were the circumstances. Like, I caught the sickness from my mother. Who gave you the virus?”
“No one: I never got sick,” he replied. “I got in trouble, is what I did. And I was sentenced to jail in Detroit and about a month later I went blind. End of story. You know Detroit, right?”
“No, but I think it’s the city, correct?”
“Right. The city. But before Razor became our God, Detroit was a real, gritty, you can get anything you want kind of city. It had already hit rock bottom years before the rebellion began, so when the revolution took place after the rebellion, Detroit was the best city left in the country. It became the political center because all the other big cities were destroyed. It would take too long to rebuild infrastructures and Detroit was intact.”
“What’d you do to get in trouble?”
“The state passed a law stating two men could no longer live together as partners. If you were just friends well that was okay, but if you were known lovers, no. We saw it coming. Chipping away at our human rights little by little, we even had to be careful what public bathrooms we used. It was just a matter of time.”
“I’m confused,” Penelope said. “How would they even know you were lovers? Is it allowed now?”
“It is allowed here? Inside? No, it’s not allowed, just like marriage isn’t allowed between a man and woman. People can sleep together as long as they don’t get caught. You never know who’s watching us here. But it would be difficult to hide. There’s just a vibe between lovers. And gossip. Lots of hidden things are exposed by gossip.”
“What about outside?”
“You mean is open homosexuality allowed outside? I doubt it very much. You could ask Jim.”
“My father would never tell me. He’s as closed off as a vault about that sort of thing. Men, he’ll bring me. Facts, forget it.”
“We don’t get news inside because no one free ever comes here anymore. The isolation is worse than the confinement as far as I’m concerned. The people from the city have no need to come here and never have. The folks in the Towns are just one step away from complete incarceration themselves and are scared to death of us. You wait and see. Oops, not see. But I’m serious, I bet we don’t get a visitor again, and I bet further that Jim won’t get inside, fresh food or not. Your boy may have ruined it for us once and for all.”
Falling silent for a minute, the thought that no one would ever try to get over the fence again was discouraging, all hope for any excitement diminished.
“So you were allowed to go back home to your partner, even though you’d been jailed for your relationship?” she asked trying to steer him back to his story.
“Yes, but I always felt they were stalling, waiting to see what was going to happen to me. I had a procedure. I remember that much; they give you so much Versed you don’t remember anything afterward. It’s a drug that reduces anxiety but it also produces amnesia. To this day I don’t remember anything about the procedure, just that they said I needed an invasive test that required anesthesia. It supposedly had something to do with my tear ducts. Rather than keep me in jail while I went blind, they’d let me go home for a few more months.”
“What are you saying?” Penelope’s hand crept out to grasp his.
“You can figure it out. It was a way to control people. Remember, the difference is that I didn’t get sick. Ask around. Ask who got sick and went blind, and who got into trouble and went blind. I bet something was manipulated in their tear ducts.”
Penelope sneered, shaking her head in disbelief. “What did I do as a small child for them to blind me? That’s insane.”
“Maybe your father did something wrong and his wife was killed, his kid blinded while he went free.” Quigley said. “I can’t prove it, of course. And even if it was widely known, what would we to do? A bunch of blind people on the uprising? Ha! We wouldn’t get far.”
They sat in silence for a moment, listening to the sounds around them in the village square, the atmosphere between them strained due to his outlandish comments, but not for long.
“I guess I’d better get home and get some work done. My side of the apartment is a mess and Angelica is starting to complain.”
“Come for dinner tonight,” Quigley suggested, wanting to make amends. “You’ll get out of Angelica’s hair and have a decent meal. You feel like you’ve lost weight. I promise I won’t talk politics.”
“I don’t care about that. Talk away if you want. I’m love sick,” she said. “In love with a thirteen-year-old boy.”
“You’re lucky you’re already blind. That’s statutory rape, my friend. Give that kid a wide berth.”
“Like you said, he’s probably never coming back here again and we’ll both regret we didn’t do it the first time we had the chance.”
“You’re insane!” Quigley shouted, laughing. “Better entertain one of those soccer players. I can just smell the testosterone when they’re around.”
“They’re a little scary, actually. They travel in a pack, did you ever notice?”
“Yes, that’s what makes them so appealing. Come baby, come baby!”
Doubling over in laughter, the friends enjoyed a few minutes of uninhibited glee, their previous sobering conversation forgotten. “Oh well, I better get serious now. I have to get home. Thank you for the dinner invite. We’ll do it another time.”
Quigley leaned over and kissed her cheek before she had a chance to escape. “Oh, my heart,” he said.
“I’m the wrong sex for you,” she said. “But I love you, too.”
Walking away, Penelope felt better about her disappointing morning after the visit with Quigley, who had the effect on her every time. Nothing was as bleak as it seemed. Some of the promise the unpleasant encounter with Steve stole from her day returned. Although Quigley’s confession befuddled her; the deeper meaning yet to be examined, it didn’t affect the lighthearted feeling Quigley left her with.
The apartment she shared was close to the village center, a desirable location. As much as she loved Angelica, she was tired of living with her. She wanted to start a life with a man, have a family, do all the things she read about in books but wouldn’t be allowed to do. The sameness of life with no future excitement on the horizon was grating on her nerves, fantasizing about a teenager giving her hope.
Steve wasn’t her first. She’d gotten into trouble before; a while ago a similar thing had happened when a curious kid from Asia Town found the protected zone with a group of friends who’d helped him get over the fence. Although he reassured her they were alone, the others observed then together and the humiliation for her still stung when she thought of the experience.
Fortunately, she found a way to protect herself from him after that; joining the walking group proved a godsend. She’d walk by the same location every night. The boys eventually got caught; Quigley put a bug in the ear of a security staff member. Their whereabouts afterward never revealed.
For almost a year, it was quiet and boring, but she stuck with the walking group, an amusing array of people of all ages who walked for two hours every night, weather permitting.
Then Steve came along. She had a laundry list of items she wanted from him, both tangible and intangible, but even with that ulterior motive, it was different this time because she really liked him. The problem was that he was just too young. At least the kid from Asia Town was closer to her age.
Tapping her cane along the walkway to her door, Penelope paused while she was out in the open, sensing there were strangers waiting. The sound of shoe soles grinding the pavement, the smell of humanity revealing to her possible danger.
“Who’s there?” she called out, her heart rate increasing.
“Council Officers from Security,” a female voice replied. “You knew we’d be here, Penelope.”
“No, actually I didn’t know. How many of you are there?”
“Two of us, male and female.”
“You must be new,” she replied, walking forward with her key in her hand. Always on alert, muggings and rape were not unheard of in Eremos. “I don’t recognize your voices. What do you want?”
“Let’s get inside unless you want your neighbors to hear,” the male voice said.
“What do I care? They live vicariously through my adventures,” she said. “Hand over your badges.”
They did as she asked and she read the braille inscriptions. Satisfied, she handed them back. “Did you speak with my apartment mate?”
“No,” the female said.
Pausing again, there was something about the situation Penelope didn’t feel right about. Choosing to knock instead of using her key, she waited for Angelica to open the door.
“We don’t have time for this,” the male said.
“Take my key away from me and open it yourself, then,” Penelope replied, flippant.
“He’s not going to do that,” the female said. “Your roommate doesn’t seem to be home.”
“Well I’m not going inside with you. Let’s talk here or go next door,” she said. “Give my neighbors a real thrill.”
“I have the right to force you to open your door,” the male said.
“You want to rough me up? Go for it. I have some rights, you know.”
“You have very few at this point,” the female said. “This morning when you lured that poor kid here, you lost your rights. The only reason you’re not in jail is because your father, Jim is.”
“Ha! My father has done more time than Al Capone,” she said, giggling at the reference she’d heard others use. “I never lured anyone anywhere. I can account for every second of my day.”
“Well, not quite. Let us in, Penelope. We aren’t going to hurt you or search your house. We just need to hear your side of things. You’re getting a bad rep in the Zone, you know that, don’t you?”
“And what if I am? I’m not running for Council. And I’m not a confessionary.”
“Confessionary? You’re behind the times, Penelope. They’re not used anymore.”
“Well, I wouldn’t know because I rarely get into trouble unless someone hops over the fence.”
The officers looked back at the apartment. “So you’re not letting us in. Okay then,” the female said. “You’re wasting our time. Tomorrow after work, come down to the station.”
“I can do that,” she said.
Without saying goodbye, they walked away. Penelope waited, listening carefully as their footsteps diminished. The opening and closing of doors, the start of an engine, the motor revving up and then dying off. She waited outside a while longer, wishing Angelica would return home.
Knocking on the door again, she heard footsteps, breathing on the other side. “Angel, are you home?” Penelope called.
“Yes! Thank God it’s you,” she said, the sound of chains and bolts being removed, the handle turning.
“I’m glad you didn’t let them in,” Penelope said, walking through the doorway. “Hurry, close up just in case.”
“I heard them drive off. It was the same engine that arrived. I was praying you’d stay away a while longer. What happened to you anyway?”
“How much do you want to know? It’s better for you to be in the dark about my whereabouts.”
“Was it that bad?” Angelica asked, horrified, grabbing her to hug.
“Jim smuggled the boy inside the gate, but he got cold feet. He’s too young. He ran off and I’m not sure what happened. Those goons said my dad’s in jail again. I wonder if this will be the last straw for him.”
Angelica took her by the hand. “Come on back. You have to eat something. I can tell by your breath you’re not eating.”
“Oh, God, I’m sorry,” Penelope said, talking to the side. “I haven’t had anything in a while.”
“When do you work again?” Angelica asked. “It’s key to stay on schedule there. You need to do your part.”
“Now you sound like the authority.”
“I know what’s best for you, that’s why we’re together. Working will give your self-worth a boost. It’s something to do instead of getting into trouble.”
“I can go in after lunch,” Penelope said, dreading the thought. Work bored her to tears.
“You’re not going to go walking tonight, are you? You always end up finding trouble.”
“Ha! If I had a mother, I imagine she’d sound just like you.”
“How’s this? Get up from the table and help me with lunch. I’m tired of doing it alone. Did that sound like something a mother would say?”
“No actually, it sounded like something a wife would say who was tired of cooking her husband’s meals.”
“I wish I had a husband to cook for,” Angelica said, wistful.
“Yes, well that ain’t happening here, and you know it. The only companionship we’ll get is with someone on the other side of the fence.”
“Whatever they’re giving the men to reduce their libido here they need to give to us women, as well.”
“I’ll keep mine right where it is, if you don’t mind,” Penelope replied. “Don’t you find it odd that in spite of their efforts, rape is still a problem? Evidently, not all the men are treated. Probably the ones who really need it are feeding theirs to the fish.”
“I think they have the rapists here on purpose, to keep us in line. Don’t you find it odd that rapists are never caught? All of us have DNA profiles on record. It should be as easy as pie.”
“Unless they’re men who climb the fence,” Penelope said, fixated on the fence.
“And the women go with them consensually?” Angelica asked.
“And then lie about it afterward,” Penelope answered.
“Ouch! You’re making me lose my concentration.”
“Did you burn yourself? Quick, run cold water over it.”
She led Angelica to the sink and turned the faucet on. “It’s almost like they’re watching us, like they have the power to make you burn yourself when you talk about forbidden topics.”
“Now you’re talking like a crazy women,” Angelica said. “We’ve gone over this apartment with a fine tooth comb. There’s no camera or microphone to be found.”
“Hey, for all you know, that stove is a microphone. What do we know?”
“You’re freakin’ me out, Penelope. Stop it. Even if they watched us showering, there’s nothing we can do about it. It’s like we’re in prison, remember? So accept it and move on.”
They stood there, hands on each others arms. “Do you want to eat or what?” Penelope asked. “I’m so sick of this I can’t stand it.”
“No. Yes. We have to eat.”
Leaving Penelope at the sink, she walked back to the stove and opened a box of macaroni noodles. When the steam came off the water, she poured it in. “Do you ever want to escape?”
“Are you kidding me? Everyday,” Penelope answered. “Right now, I wish I were dead. I have to go to The Council Police tomorrow to give them my story. I hate going there.”
“What will you say? You can’t tell them the truth.”
“I wish I had a way to talk to my father, to know exactly what he said.” She sat down at the table again. “How does this sound? My dad knew Steve was visiting me at the fence, so he picked him up so we could confront him together.”
“It sounds lame. Sorry. Just tell them you don’t know why Jim brought the boy in. You can deny you ever saw him.”
“Oh, jeez I never thought of that. No one saw me, I’m sure of it. Yes, I’ll lie.”
“You didn’t already admit it to them, did you?”
“No. I denied it. This is why we’re together. You are so wise, Angelica. Angel. I have to tell you what Quigley told me this morning.” She repeated his story about thinking he was purposely blinded.
“That’s a lie,” Angelica said, disgusted. “Why do you associate with him? He’s really the scum.”
“You don’t like him because he’s a homosexual,” Penelope said.
Ignoring the accusation, Angelica carefully placed a plate of macaroni sprinkled with salt in front of Penelope, then sat down across from her. “You’d better sleep if you’re going to work later.”
“I will,” Penelope said, taking a mouthful of food. “Jeez, I wish we had butter. Not that this isn’t delicious just like this.” Chewing, she choked it down and swallowed water after. “Could I be so lucky that another man will show up tonight?”
“I doubt it. I hear gossip, too. We think we’re in prison? I’ve heard it’s twice as bad in the towns. They might not be fenced in, but if they break the rules, they’re shot to death. If your young man got into trouble today, anyone from his neighborhood contemplating coming here will think twice.”
“They get to marry and have children,” Penelope said. “I’d trade that for the threat of getting shot.”
Sighing, Angelica took her hand and squeezed it. “Me too. I’d trade for that any day of the week.”
Chapter 17

Detroit
“Stop here, Buz. I’ll walk up. I need the fresh air.”
“Ah, I don’t think that’s such a good idea,” Buz Graham replied. “I’ll contact security.”
Irwin Razor, Coalition Chairman, didn’t like the confinement recent threats on his life imposed, but he wasn’t careless, and if Buz said it wasn’t safe, and Irwin ignored the advice getting shot in the interim, it would cause trouble for Buz who was a family man with responsibilities.
“Jesus I’m getting tired of this,” Irwin whined. “Get security to run around with us, then. Why aren’t they here in the first place? I need sunlight before we go inside.”
“Yes sir,” Buz replied, sending a text message to security.
Pulling the large SUV around the front of City Hall to wait, the twenty story mid-century modern building faced with white Vermont marble still looked regal. Somehow in the years since its construction, City Hall had avoided the ruination of other city buildings and was a monument to Detroit’s undying spirit, leading to its rise from the ashes after the revolution. A diehard New Yorker, Razor was not a fan of the city. He missed everything about old New York, from memories of his grandmother to the restaurants he used to go to.
But New York was no more. At one time, the promise that it too would rise from the ashes gave false hopes. But after twenty years, it was simply easier for Irwin to stop pretending. The dissidents who’d taken over the big cities of the east were still in charge, and nothing had improved. Tunnels and bridges destroyed during the rebellion left a few Staten Island ferries to shuttle people back and forth across the Hudson River. Manufacturing was no more, and mechanics hoarded parts of the ferries, the fleet had dwindled from an all time high of eight to two. It was Razor’s conviction that the best course of action was to leave those cities alone.
Sitting in the back of the limo, Irwin watched the gridlocked traffic on Woodward; generic white delivery vans, black government issued sedans, yellow taxis and lately since he’d lifted the ban on foraging for car parts, vintage American made autos. He was contemplating European makes, next.
“I like this new look,” he said. “It feels like more freedom.” He looked up in the rearview mirror. “What do you think?”
“It’ll give people something else to think about for a while,” Buz replied.
The chauffeur’s opinion was important to Irwin. In the past year, he’d felt his control slipping, his advisors preoccupied enough that the concern mutiny was eminent a realistic possibility. While he was satisfied to allow the status quo, his cabinet was pushing for more stringent measures of controlling the masses. It had come to a head the Friday before.
On Friday afternoon, his administrative assistant, Briana, a lovely young girl from Asia Town knocked on his door before she cracked it. “Sir, Chief of Staff Wilde is here to see you.”
“Did he have an appointment?” Irwin asked, frowning. He didn’t like interruptions, ever.
She came in the office and shut the door before coming to his desk. ‘No, Sir, he did not. You know I don’t like to complain.”
“What is it?” Irwin said watching her, blood pressure pounding in his ears.
“He tried to bribe me,” she said, flushing. “He offered me money if I gave you an envelope. I refused.”
“That’s fine, Briana. Let him in.”
Nodding, she turned, opening the door and standing aside, the man hovering at the doorway.
“He’ll see you now,” she said, frowning.
“Thank you for seeing me without an appointment,” Ryan Wilde said, rushing in, red faced. “We didn’t feel like this could wait until Monday.”
“What’s so important that you’d break a cardinal rule? And bribe my secretary. Don’t do that again, Ryan.”
“No Sir, I will not. However, things in New York are rapidly coming to a head. My assistant read this on a forum news feed this morning.”
He produced a screen shot of a dialogue between the Manhattan borough chief and the mayor of Jersey City, who welcomed him to a prohibited meeting they’d arranged in secret.
“How does this change anything?” Irwin asked. “This is nothing new. For all you know, the mayor is attempting to get the borough chief to do his job for once and keep his constituents on the east side of the Hudson River. Has anyone questioned him?” He threw the paper in his trash bin.
“We’ve allowed the situation to fester. We believe it’s time to move forward,” he said, handing over another paper that outlined a proposal.
Skimming over the outline, Irwin could see what they wanted to do and it was more of the same from the past; bloodshed when rules weren’t obeyed. “You want a team to go in and bring order. Didn’t we try that already?”
Ryan leaned forward and pointed to a line. “We think you can proclaim an edict that the area will be bombed out of the ocean if changes aren’t put into place quickly. You’ve already appointed leaders and they’ve dissented. We believe you have the power to act now and demand cooperation.”
The cabinet was trying to appeal to Razor’s ego and it wasn’t working. Contemplating the energy it would entail to try to take back New York, he shook his head.
“We have peace at the moment. The way it stands, we don’t have to provide shit for New York. They’re getting their own needs met. Cut off their food supply and starve them into submission if you want, but no more fighting. Who’s in charge over there again?” His eyes glazed over as he tried to remember the name of the appointee. “Reynolds. Maybe it’s time to get rid of Reynolds if he can’t keep the borough heads in line.” Bill Reynolds was the mayor of New York.
“You mean kill Reynolds?” Ryan asked, cold sweat breaking out on his forehead.
Council members were never killed; whole towns of people maybe, but never leaders. This would be a first.
Handing the outline back, Irwin had put his head back on his chair. “Call a Coalition meeting for Monday afternoon. Not too early, I want them to be inconvenienced for their commute home. If my cabinet is making plans that don’t include me, it’s time we took a second look at who’s in charge here.”
“We never meant the outline to be a plan. It was simply a suggestion…”
“You spent time talking about this behind my back!” Irwin screamed. “Call a meeting.”
“Yes, Sir,” he said, backing out of the room.

Watching the steady stream of cars on Woodward, Irwin smiled. “I have always said I didn’t care for Detroit. For some reason, today I rather like it.”
“You can never go back, they say,” Buz replied. “It’s sad, actually.”
“No. I can’t go back to New York, this is true. What time is it?”
“Almost time. Quadrant members should begin arriving soon.”
“I’d like to sit here and watch them come in. I can’t wait to watch the surveillance videos later! Oh God, all of them in a room together without a clue as to why they’re there.”
“It will be amusing,” Buz said, chuckling.
“Ryan Wilde can do damage control.”
“What will you say today?”
“I thought about it all weekend. I’m going to do the exact opposite as my cabinet has suggested; there will be moratorium on executions of townspeople. If things get out of hand, as they are in New York, the heads will be executed. Buz swung around to look at Irwin.
“You’re going to kill members?”
“I’ll threaten them first. If we keep killing the citizens, what good will that do? But threaten to kill a member, now that might carry some clout.”
Buz worried that members might turn on Razor and kill him and his driver, too if he got in the way. But there wasn’t much he could do about it; he was just a driver from Europe Town. A set goal had been to surpass his performance evaluation each year until he was invited to be a Council Member. Now he wasn’t so sure it was a wise move.
Getting nervous with the conversation he reached for his phone, dialing security. “We’re waiting in front,” he said in a low voice.
“Be right down,” a voice answered.
“Now see, that’s exactly what I’m drivin’ at. The Chairman of the Coalition calls for a security team, they should have jumped. Instead, we hang around waiting. I’m a little surprised, to tell you the truth. We might consider traveling with our own force from now on, we can’t even count on the Secret Security.”
“Anyone in particular in mind?” Buz asked, dreading the answer.
“Someone hungry,” he replied.
Wondering who that could be, Buz thought out loud. “You need military men,” he said.
That got Irwin’s attention. “Military? We usually avoid military at all costs.”
“Not new military. I mean old. Those who served before the revolution. Even before the rebellion, in the old wars overseas. Not trying to teach you history, boss. Old military will be loyal. And they’re hungry.”
“Right. Let me think.” Scanning times and history through his brain, he knew old military; upstanding men approaching middle age and older now. “Do our databases list military service?”
“Do you mean for townspeople? I’ll have to ask. I’m just a driver, you know.”
Irwin chuckled. “Oh, right. I might have to work on changing that.”
The sensation that his throat was closing up warned Buz before the information went to his brain that he’d better shut up. Being indispensable to the Coalition Chairman was not appealing. A tap on the window scared him, but he didn’t react although his impulse was to punch the man in the throat. Irwin rolled down his window.
“Too bad I have to ask for an escort into the building,” he said.
“Sir, I’m sorry. We were waiting up in the garage for your car.”
“I want to get sunlight,” he said, pushing the door open. “Buz, meet me inside in half an hour. You’ll be sitting in on our meeting.”
“Yes Sir,” he replied, terrified.
Waiting until Irwin was on the sidewalk, surrounded by the heretofore lax security force, he slowly accelerated, pulling away from his future.
Chapter 18

Europe Town
Rose Manos woke up Tuesday morning, the events of the previous day blurry and painful. She’d cried through the night, so her eyes were almost swollen closed. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she shook George.
“Get up,” she said, her voice hoarse. “You have to go in.”
“I don’t want to,” George moaned, “What’s the point? They can drag me out of bed.”
With the knowledge that she might never see her son again, Rose’s didn’t think she had the strength to deal with George acting out through his grief.
“George, get up for me, then. I don’t think I’ll survive if you give up. We need to be strong together.”
“Great, now I can feel guilty about you, too.”
“Whatever it takes to keep you moving,” she said. “I’ll get coffee going.”
Grabbing her robe, for the first time in years she resented her sister and Peter living there. She wanted to fix coffee and breakfast in her own kitchen alone, so she could cry without interference. She didn’t want people trying to make her feel better, or offering advice. Trying to find the positive in it, a small voice said, “He’s alive. Focus on that.”
Pausing, she ran the event of the pervious day through her mind. The Council Police had said he’d have a better life with his new family than what she and George could provide in Europe Town. Did that mean he was living in the city? She ran back to the bedroom to find George sitting on the edge of the bed.
“You have to go to work,” she said, urgent. “If he’s living a better life than he could have in Europe Town, it must mean he’s in the city. You might see him there.”
Rubbing his face, he turned to look at Rose, at her stance which signaled she was ready to pounce, her worried expression, eyebrows up, mouth slightly open, fists clenched at her sides. Compassion for her overriding his own pain, he forced himself to stand and embrace her. He smoothed her hair, moving it aside so he could kiss her neck. The effort melted her heart, and she put her arms around George’s neck, breaking down again.
“If you think I might run into our son in a city of six million people, I’ll go to work,” he said. “I can’t believe they’d let me keep driving a bus if that chance exists.”
“You can’t risk not going, just in case. He might be watching for you.”
“Okay, I’m going. Will you fix my coffee?”
“Yes.” She wiped her eyes with the corner of her robe and left for the kitchen again. It would be a repeated scene throughout the day, Rose or Eleni in tears, Stephanie sobbing outright and Peter stony, silent as they waited for news of their baby.
Finally, at one that afternoon, another visit, another curbside chat with a Council Officer who was afraid he’d be outnumbered if he came to the door, issued his heartbreaking proclamation from the curbside. Baby Steven would also not be returning home. A determination had been made by the authorities that his reoccurring health concerns were due to neglect.
Memory of the Color Yellow
–
Five
Chapter 19

Tiresias
After the macaroni lunch, Penelope excused herself, leaving the dirty plate on the table with a balled up paper napkin thrown in the middle of it.
“Have a nice nap,” Angelica called after her, shaking her head in exasperation.
She didn’t really care that she had to regularly clean up after her. Living with Penelope had its share of downsides, but mostly it was a good arrangement. A lively, interested personality like Penelope kept depression, which was common among the inhabitants of the protected zone, down to a manageable level.
Always looking for adventure even though confined, Penelope had a zest for living and an appreciation for beauty and handsome men. Listening, she heard footsteps above enter the bathroom, the sound of water running, brushing teeth, on to her bedroom, the door closed and locked. Penelope always locked her bedroom door. It hurt Angelica’s feelings until Penelope explained that it was an extra layer of protection from possible intruders.
“I put a chair against my door knob, too.”
Penelope placed the chair before she undressed, wedging it firmly under the knob. Yawning, the events of the morning had finally caught up with her. Unusual for her to worry about anyone else, concerns for Steve and for her father’s well-being were an added stressor. If Jim couldn’t visit, it was the end of her ties to the outside. The thought of losing her connections terrified her; even though she’d been alone most of her life, raised in the nursery by sighted workers, she’d grown to rely on her father for a sense of normalcy.
Chucking her uniform on the floor, she pulled on an oversized t-shirt, a garment both sexes wore to sleep in. Remembering too late to check if the shades were down in her room, she ran to the window; the one facing the neighboring apartment building was down, but the shade protecting her from prying eyes in the park across the street was up. She reached for the tie and pulled on it, bringing the shade down. The maneuver darkened the room and she stopped quickly, letting it rise up again. Was it her imagination or could she see the difference? Pulling the shade down and back up again, a difference was difficult to determine, but she was convinced there was one.
Exhausted, she yawned, but kept the shade down this time and crawled into her bed. The vision of a lightened window, almost a mirage, stayed with her for minutes as she snuggled in her bed with eyes closed, images of her grandmother in a black and white world wearing a bright yellow dress the last thing she thought of as she closed her eyes a final time.

Putting her hand to her wristwatch to check the time, Angelica gasped, jumping up from the table. Unlike Penelope who was often late for work or missed it all together, Angelica had a game plan she stuck to and it meant showing up and being on time for the job.
Leaving the apartment, she turned to lock the door when a hand slapped over her mouth.
“Don’t scream,” a familiar voice said in a raspy whisper. “It’s Jim.” He removed his hand, taking her key. “We have to go back inside for a moment. I’ll explain everything.”
“Jim you stink!”
“I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said.
“No, I mean you really stink! What is that?”
“Trust me, it couldn’t be helped.”
Opening the door, he guided her inside and shut and locked the door behind him. “Is Penelope home?”
“She’s sleeping, Jim. What’s happened? You’re scaring me.”
“I want to make sure all your windows are locked first. You can’t leave right now, Angelica. Can you get Penelope up? I’ll tell you together.”
Resigned she wasn’t getting to work on time today, she placed her bag down, went up stairs and knocked on Penelope’s door.
Rolling over, Penelope felt for her watch. “I knew it was too good to be true. I’ve been lying down for a whole ten minutes. What is it?”
“I don’t want to yell through the door,” Angelica said.
Moaning, Penelope got out of bed and went to the door, moved the chair and unchained the lock. “What is it?” she repeated.
“Jim’s here,” Angelica whispered.
“My dad’s here?” Penelope pushed her to move by but Angelica held her back.
“Something’s happened but he wants to tell us together. I think it’s bad.”
Chapter 20

Detroit
Leaders from all over the Coalition started showing up at City Hall an hour before the spur of the moment meeting Irwin Razor had called. Surrounded by the errant security on the side-lines, he was well-hidden from the dignitaries.
“I like to watch them arrive. You can tell which ones are ticked off about having their day screwed up,” Irwin said, chuckling. “They’re taking all the perks for granted. It’s become an inconvenience to do their job. Kind of like you boys.”
Uncomfortable being admonished by the chairman, the older officer of the group reminded Irwin it was his original idea that a detail wasn’t necessary. “Boss, you didn’t think protection was needed, remember? No one would dare approach the Chairmen of the Coalition in public.” After years of being accompanied every place he went but the bathroom, Irwin had put an end to it.
“Times have changed,” Irwin said. “In the past week I’ve received two threatening emails.”
The officer thought, whoopee do.
“We’ll never allow you to travel alone again,” the officer said, trying to pacify Irwin. “It’ll be like the old days.”
Taking a step behind the fellow, Irwin shushed him, giggling. “Look, it’s Bill Reynolds. Leader of New York City. He’s waiting for the driver to get out and open his door! What a putz.”
They watched as the limousine door was opened by the driver and Bill Reynolds unfolded his six-six frame out, turning his head like he expected to be surrounded by the applause of admirers.
“He’s looking for someone to wave to him.”
“Boss, you should step out,” the officer said. “He’ll think you’ve come to personally greet him.”
“No, that’s okay,” Irwin said. “This is more fun. No one here knows who he is, or cares.”
They watched Bill Reynolds walk up the flight of granite steps to the main entrance, his assistant juggling his briefcase and computer bag.
“Look, who’s this?” the officer said as another limo pulled into the front space.
An attractive, middle-aged woman opened her own door and gracefully climbed out onto the curb, lugging her own cases while her assistant argued with her to share the burden and then giving up, turned to settle with the driver. Irwin watched carefully; gratuities were expressly forbidden. It might be the last time that driver worked in Detroit.
Irwin frowned, trying to remember her name, one of the most influential women in the Coalition. It was on right at the edge of his brain, then he snapped his fingers. “Beatrice Ford! She’s the northwest quadrant leader. If I croak, she’s in charge.”
“Wait! You can’t remember her name and she’s next in line? That’s scary.”
Irwin looked up at the security officer looming over him. “What’s scary about it, dude? I’m sixty-five years old. Just wait, smart ass.”
Putting his hands up, the officer took a step back. “No malice intended, Sir.” But his movement exposed Irwin to the woman and she called him on it immediately.
“Irwin Razor! Are you hiding from me?”
“Oh God, no ma’am,” he said, laughing heartily. “Thank you for coming, Chief Ford.”
Meeting in the middle of the sidewalk, they shook hands and Irwin led the way to the steps. “We’ve calculated that I have the furthest to travel, Irwin. This better be good.”
“You’ll see,” he replied. “I’m going to reiterate some key strategies. Things have gotten lax.”
He was out of breath climbing the stairs, sorry they hadn’t taken the elevator.
“Not out west, they haven’t,” she said. “In my quadrant, if you don’t work, you don’t eat.”
“You have a younger population,” Irwin said. “Anyway, the laxity isn’t among the populous. I’m talking about members.”
Scowling, Bernice Ford was taken aback. “Am I to understand Irwin, that you’ve called me two thousand miles away from home to admonish your administration? I, Sir, do nothing that isn’t by the book. It’s insulting that you’re even grouping me in with the rest of the riffraff.”
Irwin giggled again, a coping mechanism responding, Bernice intimidating in the extreme. “Of course, you’re not grouped in with the others. But everyone has to be here for these meetings, and that, dear lady, includes you.”
“Yes, I suppose someone in my position, with the stature it affords me, has to make some sacrifices. Lead the way.”
These meetings were the high point of Irwin Razor’s life. He loved being in charge, setting rules for people to follow, and then making sure they were carried out. Having a moment of self-actualization, Irwin stood a little straighter as he walked into the auditorium, directing an usher to show Chief Ford to her seat.
The only negative about being in charge was the exposure. Irwin wasn’t comfortable sitting in front of hundreds of people with his buttons straining over his belly; his last memory as he mounted the steps to the stage, pulling jacket sides together.

***

George was working in town Tuesday morning, behind the wheel of a bus when chaos let loose. Near the station at Fort and Cass, he’d pulled the bus up to the curb, waiting for a passenger to mount the steps, as a blast hit, so powerful the vehicle rocked back and forth, prompting screams from his frightened passengers. Nearly falling out onto the sidewalk, the passenger was saved when George grabbed her arm and pulled her inside. In seconds, his fears it was an earthquake segued to the realization that bombs had gone off nearby as percussion finally reached his ears, searing his eardrums with pain. With each blast, the screams of his passengers and pedestrians running toward the bus filled the air. From the east smoke billowed, rolling toward them.
Buz had left City Hall with his life, and ran the blocks in minutes, reaching the bus. Backing up, he signaled for George to open the door.
“You’d better get out of here,” he shouted. “City Hall is occupied by rebels.” A sob escaping, he continued catching his breath. “And the Renaissance Center was just bombed. It’s rubble.”
“What part of it?” George asked, horrified.
“All seven towers, man! You’ve gotta move.”
George hesitated masses of people ran toward his bus. “Where is everyone going?” he asked.
“Leaving the city. The west gates are opening up now.”
George turned the bus engine off, putting the keys in his pocket.
“What are you doing? Take the bus!”
George looked in the review mirror and yelled. “I’m leaving the city. If you want to stay, you’d better get off now.”
Several passengers scurried off, in tears, frightened and confused.
“Do you live in Europe Town?” Buz asked. “I’ve seen you on the bus.”
“Get on,” George said, throwing the bus into drive. “I doubt if we’ll make it to Europe Town in the bus.”
Turning the bus in a circle, laying on the horn, inching along he narrowly missed fleeing humanity. Once he had the bus headed west, he could see it was going to be difficult getting around the people in the street. “We’d do better running with everyone,” he said.
“Try to get across to Michigan Avenue,” Buz said.
“I’ll try,” George said, weaving in and out, laying on the horn.
Every block or so he stopped the bus to let more people get on until they were packed in as tightly as possible. Less than a quarter mile from the main west gate, the crowds were impossibly thick.
“I’m can’t take the bus any further,” George said, afraid he was going to run someone over. He put the breaks on and turned the key, preparing to leave it. “You’d better take the key,” Buz said, thinking of the riders sitting behind them.
“Right, good idea,” George said, pocketing it, imagining someone driving away with the bus, killing a pedestrian.
Reaching behind the seat, he grabbed his bag and jumped off into the street. They ran for two blocks before George started to feel it in his chest. Slowing down, they were jostled by the crowds running in the same direction.
“Just a little longer,” Buz said, encouraging him. “We should just get beyond the gates to Fake City, then we can slow down. I don’t think we’re in danger outside of the city.”
Buz grabbed his arm, pulling him along and the men ran together in the middle of the hoard. “Not all of these people come from Europe Town, do they?” George asked, the ethnic mix of people a giveaway.
“No, but the west gate is the only gate open. They’ll have to figure out how to get home from there.”
“How do you know this?” George asked, panting.
“I just know,” Buz replied.
They kept running until they were through the gate, the guard house unmanned. Unlikely groups of Asians and Hispanics and Africans bunched together alongside them, Buz was revolted.
“I don’t like this,” he said, sneering. “Everyone needs to keep their distance from me.”
“It reminds me of the old days,” George said, slowing down. “We worked hard at equality for everyone. In twenty years, it’s destroyed.”
“All these different colors together? I would have never survived that,” Buz said, looking around. “I’m used to it in the city, but not outside these gates.”
“I have to stop for a minute,” George said, moving over to the sidewalk. He bent over, panting, his hands on knees.
Crowds of people continued to pour through the gates and finally George thought of Steve. “I hope my son is okay,” he said, standing up.
“Where is he?”
“Someplace here in the city, living with another family. He got into trouble and the Council took him away from us. It just happened yesterday.”
“I’m sorry,” Buz said, reaching out to help George move. “We need to keep going. I’m committing insubordination by leaving but I have to get home to my wife. She’s due to have a baby soon.”
“Why? What do you do for a living? Because I’m probably going to be executed for leaving the bus.”
“I’m a driver,” Buz answered, leaving out for whom he drove. “I think your boy is going to be okay. Members will be safe as long as they’re not around Woodward and Jefferson. There would be no reason to bomb the Pointes.”
“What do the Pointes have to do with it?” George asked, a surge of heat flowing through him, realizing Buz knew where Steve was.
“All separated children go to government housing in the Pointes,” Buz said.
“The Pointes? I guess that is better than Europe Town,” George said, defeated. “I think I can walk now.”
Waves of guilt pounded George. Rose was going to be incensed that he didn’t go after Steve before trying to save himself.
They eased into traffic again, the amalgam of humanity most of it lost, continuing to move west. “Can you help me?” an older Asian lady asked. “I don’t know where to turn to get to my home.”
“Up here at the next intersection, turn left onto Wyoming. That will take you south. I don’t know how far you’ll have to walk. But it’s going to take you a while.”
Buz knew Asia Town was the furthest town from the city, in the downriver area.
“I’ll go with you,” a younger woman called out, running over to the group. “I’m from Asia Town, too.”
“Briana?” Buz asked, concerned.
Briana escaped with her life, her face tear stained and dirty, her clothing askew. She was holding her shoes, unable to run in high heels, her stockings ripped and filthy. “I’m glad you got out,” Buz said.
Sniffing, she choked on a sob. “I think Irwin is dead,” she cried.
“Irwin Razor?” George asked, incredulous.
Buz pushed the threesome out of the middle of the street to the sidewalk again. “Keep your voices down, please. You ladies shouldn’t risk trying to get home just yet. Come back to Europe Town with me. My house is only three miles from here. We’ll wait to see what the repercussions will be. It could be nothing, but it could be bad, too.” Asia Town would be vulnerable, right on the river.
“I have to get home,” the older woman said crying. “My husband is unable to care for himself. He waits for me all day as it is.”
“Come,” Briana said, grabbing her arm. “Thanks anyway, Buz.”
They watched the women run off together.
“Let’s go,” Buz said, shaking his head. He couldn’t save the world.
The men walked quickly along Michigan Avenue toward Europe Town, the crowd numbers dwindling as people figured out in which direction they needed to turn to get to their homes.
“I wonder what will happen next.” George said. “I mean, what do you know? Did you drive for the Council?”
“Yes,” Buz said shortly, leery about broadcasting that he drove the Chairman, making him a potential target. “The only thing I’m worried about is food. There won’t be food distribution after this.”
“Yeah, most people don’t have big stores of food unless they put it up themselves. Where do you live?” He thought of their stash, thanks to Rose and Eleni. Maybe it wouldn’t be smart to broadcast that just yet.
“I’m in east town,” Buz said. “What about you?”
“South west, just a few miles from Tiresias. My son snuck out at night and went in search of it. That’s why he’s gone.”
“Some kid is always doing that,” Buz said. “Why’d they make such a big deal of it?”
“He got involved with a girl and her father smuggled Steve inside. It was real mess. We haven’t seen him since yesterday morning. My wife is in bad shape.”
“What about his eyes?” Buz asked, appalled. He slowed down his pace. “If he gets the virus, he could lose his sight.”
“We were told he was fine,” George replied, trying to remember exactly what the officer said to him.
“I can’t stand the thought of that place,” Buz said, shivering. “The whole idea of crippled people, diseases, blindness, it makes me sick. How can you stand living so close?”
“It was never a problem until a neighbor put a curse on my son and his friends when they were making too much noise. They’d never heard the word before.”
“What’d she said to them?”
“I don’t remember the exact words, but it was something like, ‘I hope you go to Tiresias.’
Like you’d shout at someone you didn’t like, telling them to go to hell. She opened up a shit storm.”
“Did you report her?”
“We didn’t, but someone else did, and The Council Police shot her in the head in front of everyone on the block.”
Walking in silence for the next mile, Buz felt tainted hearing the story. Maybe the block of Europe Town George lived in was low-life. The idea of grouping like people together made sense to him; it was a means of protection from unsavory characters. There was positive things about the rules, after all.
Apparently, the neighborhood Buz’s family was assigned to had a younger demographic than most of Europe Town. It was all young families like George’s, a husband and wife and one child. But the breadwinners were employed by the leadership of the city; Buz drove Irwin, the next door neighbor worked in the maintenance department of the city hall building, the man across the street an office manager at the state bank. Buz fought snobbery, thinking he might need George on his side someday.
“Did you drive Irwin?” George asked, the fact sinking in.
Buz, guilty of conceit even in his thoughts, thought carefully before he spoke again.
“Not anymore.”
Chapter 21

Steve
My first night in a strange bed, two things stood out. One, the fog horns on the lake. I loved the sound, even though it was a little eerie, a little sad. The first blast came right after Darleen tucked me in bed, like I was a little kid. I’d figured it was the horns because I’d read about the cargo ships on the lake. The author used the word eerie to describe the sound, and he was correct, eerie and melancholy.
I lay in bed, a night light leading the way to my own bathroom cast a green glow bright enough to bother me. The light symbolized a precept which came to me suddenly, a burst of knowledge so intense it almost hurt. The reasons for conserving resources didn’t exist there in the Pointes. Lights blazed, everyone showered before bed, and even though it was cooler than it had been in weeks, the air conditioning blasted away.
“What’s that?” I asked, hearing the drone of the compressor and then the fans churning cold air through the ductwork.
“Why, that’s air conditioning!” John said. “We should turn it off and open up some of these windows but then the fog horns will wake us up.”
“Let’s open up,” Darleen said. I could sense her awkwardness in front of me. “We’re not being good stewards of our resources.”
Earlier that evening while we sat in the atrium, Miri brought out dessert; a huge layer cake covered in white, whipped frosting. The fat and sugar of the frosting was amazing in itself, but what really got to me was the cake. Our cakes at home were dense due to the flours my mother was forced to use. This cake was a light as air, four layers high filled with delectable whipped cream.
“What’s this made of?” I asked, holding the plate up, licking my lips.
They looked at me like I’d asked where babies came from.
“The same stuff all cakes are made of,” Miri said. “Why? You want the recipe?”
They laughed, and it hit its mark. I squirmed, embarrassed. “No, I just wondered. It’s good.”
“Flour, eggs and sugar,” Miri said.
“Wheat flour?”
“Oh, right,” Darleen said, nodding. “Yes, wheat. I forgot there for a minute you can’t get wheat outside of the city.”
Jackie looked away, smirking, but not before he caught Darleen’s eye. The worried expression I’d recognized earlier was on her face, as though she wanted to impress me but bragging was forbidden.
“Can you get sugar?”
“Yes, we get sugar,” I said. “We have maple sugar, too. We tap maple trees and boil it down for syrup.”
“You tap them?” Jackie asked, skeptical.
“Well, not me, but my grandmother and mother and father, and I go along to help.”
Clarity shot painfully through my brain. We didn’t have what we needed in Europe Town, not because it wasn’t available as we were led to believe; we didn’t have it because the government didn’t want us to have it. I wondered if my parents knew the truth, and then it occurred to me that my father saw wealth and plenty every day when he came to work and never said a word.
“Does anyone work in your family?” John asked, frowning. “I mean, it’s clear they work. But does your father have a job in the city?”
“His father is a bus driver, Dad. You know that,” Jackie said. “’Every head of household who is physically able must work.’”
“He drives dignitaries around town,” I said.
I was proud of my dad, yet there seemed to be an undercurrent of derision about my family, and it succeeding in making me feel a sense of shame.
“Well, this cake is wonderful,” Darleen said, changing the subject. “And for breakfast, we’ll have pancakes.”
It would be gluten filled evening, with cookies for my bedtime snack.

While I lay in bed thinking about all of this, my finger throbbed from a paper cut. John had given me a glossy magazine filled with photographs of cars displayed at what he called the Auto Show and leafing through it, the heavy stock sliced my finger. “I’ll get a Band-Aid,” Darleen said.
“Don’t get blood on the magazine now,” John said, reaching for it.
“Here. I bought him a Mickey Mouse,” Darleen said, laughing.
“Where the heck did you get that?” Jackie asked.
“I gave it to her,” Miri said. “Dad found a box in the chest when he was setting up your old room for Steve.”
Peeling paper off the bandage, I’d never seen Mickey Mouse. “Who is it?” I asked.
“He’s a famous cartoon character,” John said. “You wouldn’t know him, but someone maybe five or ten years older than you would.”
Laying in that soft bed, the slight fishy smell of the lake, the fog horns blasting occasionally and the rumble of my stomach not accustomed to the rich desserts, waves of sadness combined with an emotion I couldn’t identify immediately rolled through me. I looked at my finger in the dim light, at the smiling mouse with the red shorts looking up at me. Turning to the wall, I started to weep, and when I was all cried out, I realized the other emotion I felt was guilt. Comfort, cake and Mickey Mouse combined, my possibilities had increased exponentially by the simple act of leaving my family.

***

Tuesday, I didn’t get up until after ten. There’d be no school for me all week, the time allotted for acclimation into a new environment. As the family relaxed around me that morning, I heard the buzz words; trite acronyms and euphemisms the government and its members used that were supposed to unify them in a single cause; honoring the leadership above all. CFA, Coalition First, Always was one of the most annoying. Jackie repeated it constantly. If he made a faux pau, usually something negative that seemed unrelated to anything, he’d sing in everything give thanks…to the Coalition.
“I think we’ll go downtown,” Darleen said. “Jackie has the day off to spend with us. We can go to Greektown and have a Coney dog for lunch. Would you like that?”
“What’s a Coney dog?” I asked.
“I thought you were Greek,” Jackie said. “It’s a hot dog with chili on top.”
“I am Greek, but I never heard of a hot dog,” I said. “Is that a Greek food?”
“You never heard of a hot dog? You’re freakin’ kidding me, right?” Jackie said, losing patience.
“Jackie,” Darleen warned in a low voice.
“Oh, right! In everything give thanks…to the Coalition!”
I thought whatever dude. The reason behind Jackie’s deescalating behavior was becoming apparent, even to a twelve-year-old. He was jealous of the attention Darleen gave me. Used to two women doting over his every need, now he had to share them with me. I didn’t think that bode well for the future since we hadn’t even been together twenty-four hours.
“I’d like to go,” I finally answered. Anything to get out of sitting and conversing with these two. “Will Miri and John come with us?” I’d failed at hiding the anxiety in my voice.
“Would you feel better if they did?” Darleen asked.
“Well, I guess,” I said. Having the old people tag along would temper Jackie’s growing hostility.
“Let’s go!” Darleen said.
We tromped out to the car, John sitting in front this time and me squashed between Miri and Darleen.
John gave a geography lesson on the streets of Detroit as we drove downtown. “The city planned by Woodard in perfect geometry, with rectangles and triangles intersecting, their points cut off to form the parks around the city.”
“It’s confusing,” Darleen said. “I can’t drive because all I do is go around in circles.”
John pointed to a street sign. “This is Michigan Avenue. You can take that across the entire state. It was named for the state…”
“Dad, careful,” Jackie warned.
“What’s Michigan?” I asked, acting innocent but aware Jackie was trying to shut his father up. I’d stir the pot a little bit. Darleen had mentioned Michigan just the day before.
“This is Michigan! We’re in it right now. It was a portion of land that along with forty-seven other portions made up the United States of America.”
“Is this something I was going to learn in school once I turned thirteen?” I asked.
“I don’t think so,” Darleen said. “So best not to say it out loud to anyone but us.”
“Next thing you know, they’ll teach the kids the earth is flat,” Miri said.
Jackie turned off the street into an alley. “I have to run into the office for a bit. Traffic sucks and I don’t think we’ll get any closer to Greektown than this. We’ll park in the garage and take the elevator,” Jackie said.
“Have you ever been to City Hall?” John asked, looking over the back of the seat at me.
“Dad, how would that have come about?” Jackie asked, annoyed. It appeared no one was safe from Jackie’s mood today.
“Right,” John answered. “We should take him inside.”
“Not this trip,” Jackie replied. “All the leadership converged for a meeting last night right next door. There’s probably another event there today. I don’t want to risk running into Razor.”
“Does he live here?” I asked.
“Nope. This is Coalition headquarters, no one lives here.”
From my center seat, I couldn’t see the building until he was right next to it, and then it was just a concrete slab of the parking garage. It looked like the same garage where Billy parked his government car.
“I’m pretty sure I’ve been in this garage before,” I said.
“When you arrived yesterday and came to see me?” Darleen asked and I nodded my head. “No dear, that was the apartment garage. You’ll find lots of garages in the city.”
“He sure will. This town used to be called Motor City,” John said. “The birth of the auto industry started right here.”
“What’s the auto industry?” I asked, remembering the rusted out hulks piled up along the route to Detroit when I was in the car with Billy and Connie.
“Why, it’s the manufacturing of cars! It used to be that every household had two or more cars.”
The idea was unfathomable to me. “No one has a car in Europe Town.” But then I remembered something. “But my uncle has the stick shift from a ’67 Chevy Two.”
“No way!” John said.
“Dad, didn’t you have a Nova?” Jackie said, parking the car.
“I did,” he said, sighing. “It was a fine car.”
“Bright yellow!” Mira said. “We looked so good in it, didn’t we dear?”
“Let’s get out,” Jackie said. “Take the elevator down and wait across the street. We’ll catch a bus over to the restaurant.”
“Mira, John, you take Steve,” Darleen said. “I’m going to go up with John. I just remembered I need to sign my leave of absence form.”
“Why do you need to do it now?” Jackie asked, whining.
“Because I won’t get paid if I don’t meet the deadline,” she answered.
That was enough for him. “Yes, by all means you’d better come up!”
They walked toward the staircase and Miri led us to the elevator. “Jackie told me you liked riding down in the car.”
“It’s okay,” I said, feeling foolish over something a five-year-old would like.
We climbed on but the ride down wasn’t as exciting the second time. The door opened onto the street packed with people. I noticed the clothing worn right away; although I saw uniforms like what Darleen and Connie wore, most people wore regular clothes, similar to what we wore at home but not as raggedy.
Rose and her few dresses came to mind, the care she took maintaining them, her nylon stockings mended with flesh-colored silk threads my grandmother had saved from some forgotten time, washed out carefully and hung in her bedroom so to not expose the rest of the family to her laundry.
Miri reached for my hand as we crossed the street.
“Wow, look at the building!” Across the street, to the south the majestic towers of the Renaissance Center stood. “What’s that place?”
John opened his mouth to speak when a whizz of gun fire could be heard behind us, followed by screaming.
“What was that?” Mira said as she swirled back around toward City Hall.
“That’s machine gun fire,” John shouted, grabbing her hand. “Come, let’s get out of here.”
“We have to wait for Jackie,” Miri screamed.
“No! We’ll catch up with him later,” John said, dragging us along. We reached the next street and crossed against the red light with a mass of people pushing and shoving,
The screaming intensified as more machine gun fire echoed throughout the streets, and people started pouring out of City Hall, running west.
“Where should we go?” Miri cried. “Where is it safe? Maybe we should turn around and go home.”
“Trust me, Miri. The west gates are the evacuation gates. They’re the exit gates.”
She pulled back, not wanting to go too far from her son, worried they’d get smashed in the stampeded of people. Suddenly, a blast shook the ground so violently; those on unsteady feet fell to the ground.
John grabbed us in bear hugs as we waited for the tremors to stop.
“Don’t look!” he screamed.
Others continued running, but a few looked back and reported what they were seeing.
“Oh God! The Renaissance Center!”
A second blast, this one closer, set everyone in motion again, this time running as fast as we could toward the westside gates on Michigan Avenue. Miri started crying, worried about her only son, Jackie.
We were all out of breath, but I had to hand it to John, he didn’t slow down for a man his age, he was probably only sixty but at the time, but he seemed ancient to me. Almost sprinting, dragging us slower two behind him, his fear was palpable.
“We’ll talk when we get out of town,” John said. “It’s imperative that we get the hell out of town.”
“Is it terrorists?” Miri said.
“No,” John gasped, out of breath. “Not like the terrorists we had back in Oklahoma, or later, in New York and Washington. These will be home grown, you mark my word.”
“Where’s that?” I asked, the places he rattled off foreign to me.
“I’ll tell you later,” John said, pulling me to him with Miri on his other side. “We’re almost there.”
The crowds had thinned out, people walking instead of running now that the west gate was in sight. I saw people sitting on the curb, crying. There was a man laying on his side in the street, his back to me.
“I think that guy is dead,” I said.
“He could be,” Miri said. “God rest his soul.”
“I know about Tiresias,” I retorted, getting their attention. It suddenly felt important that I tell them.
As soon as we had left the house for our hot dog lunch that never was, I thought of Penelope. When the blast hit, I thought of her again, glad that she was safe behind the fences.
“We know you know. That’s why you’re living with us. Or were going to live with us. It looks like we might be leaving the city for good.”
We turned around just in time to see an enormous fireball that appeared to zip from across the river and hit what was left of the riverfront downtown. The roar of humanity, those terrified, like we were, grabbing onto each other and crying out, and those at ground zero, who were murdered in the bombing, echoed across the city.
“Oh no!” voices screamed.
“Jesus, it came from Windsor,” someone sobbed.
“No! It came from a boat on the river,” another shouted.
“Come on,” John cried out. “Let’s go.”
We started running again. At the gate, a makeshift message board was set up at the guard house. “We need to leave a message for Jackie,” John said. “We need to leave him an address. Do you think your folks would mind if we dropped by?”
They waited for my answer, looking at me with expectation while I considered their request. I could see the irony of the situation. “No. I think they would be happy.”
I’d be seeing my mom and dad in a few hours. The knowledge energized me.
Someone had retrieved notepads of paper from the guard house and John took a piece and wrote a note to Jackie, giving him my street name only. “We don’t want hundreds of people to show up on their door step.”
Taping it on the window, I didn’t see how Jackie would find it among the hundreds of others. Then I had an idea. “John, you should stick this bandage on the note. No one will touch it because it’s so gross and Jackie might remember it’s mine.”
“That’s a great idea,” John said.
Miri helped me peel it off my finger, the character with the ears distorted now from all the pulling. Teasing me, John took it at the edge, grimacing.
“Ew! Gross!”
In the midst of death and destruction, we were able to find some levity. It would be a defining moment for me.

Stay Tuned for Parts Six Thru Ten
Subscribe to my email list
at Suzannejenkins.net
and download FREE First Sight, the prequel to Pam of Babylon and other FREE Stories.

#1 Pam of Babylon Long Island housewife Pam Smith is called to the hospital after her husband Jack suffers a heart attack on the train from Manhattan. It is the beginning of a journey of self-discovery and sadness, growth and regrets, as she realizes a wife and mother’s worst nightmare.

#2 Don’t You Forget About Me Jack’s wife and two lovers discover secrets and lies, and each other. The family begins to sift through the evidence of a life of deceit, putting together the pieces left behind by Jack.

#3 Dream Lover A gritty, realistic portrait of the aftermath of deceit, more pieces of the puzzle come together as the women each attempt to go on living in the wake of despair. Jack’s lovers scatter as Cindy tries to move forward, Blythe discovers a way to live without him, and other make their way to the beach for an audience with Pam.

#4 Prayers for the Dying Pam makes startling revelations about herself, while Sandra hopes for a future with exciting expectations. Marie is in a most unlikely place, with the happiest news in the bleakest circumstances. Ashton’s story of a lifetime love affair with Jack is finally told, with his heartache revealed.

#5 Family Dynamics Heartbreak and devastation move toward triumph in the fifth installation of the Pam of Babylon series. Pam is at last able to overcome the pain of Jack’s rejection, and her own role in perpetuating his deviance, when she meets Dan and falls in love. Her children move on with their lives in ways Pam would have never believed. Sandra fulfills her dreams with Tom, and a gift from Marie helps to complete their life together. Ashton and Ted build a beautiful life, and new discoveries make it richer than they thought possible, but with a twist. But don’t be deceived; what you hope for is not what you may get.

#6 The Tao of Pam  Pam is at a crossroad which will take her to the next phase of her life, if she chooses the right path. Brent and Lisa move on, dealing with their own life choices and Pam pays the cost. But does what she has to do to maintain a life of harmony.

#7 In Memoriam In Memoriam begins with the birth of a baby boy to Pam’s former boyfriend, Dan and daughter, Lisa as the journey of Pam of Babylon continues in this seventh volume. Still reeling from the death of her beloved son Brent, Pam endures life at the beach with remarkable strength. Sandra tries to balance several versions of her life while striving to be part of the Smith legacy. Lisa rises above circumstances that would destroy most, with determination. But don't be too impressed; history does have a way of repeating itself.

We’re Just Friends: Short Story Prequel to #8 A short story meant to fill in details after Book #7 In Memoriam and before Book #8 Soulmates. Events occur that the reader may want to know about, but Jason and Sandra do their best to keep hidden.

#8 Soulmates Pam faces new challenges with glamour and poise, while Sandra doesn't disappoint, and Lisa discovers new strengths. "Women's fiction with a touch of noir."

#9 Save the Date Pam and John plan their wedding, while love and healing grow around the couple. Lisa and Dan split up, and the day he leaves, she finds peace. Sandra and Dan make a commitment to each other, but for how long? John’s daughter, Violet makes major life changes and the grandmothers find adventure…and love. An old friend from Pam’s childhood returns with troublemaking in mind, but Karma is on Pam’s side, at last.

Julie Hsu: Short Story Prequel to #10 Julie Hsu comes back on the scene at the end of Save the Date, Book #9. Brent Smith was the love of her life from the age of 16, but their relationship couldn't survive the damage which surfaced after Jack died. Julie has one goal now-can you guess? Contains spoilers for those who haven't read Book #9.

#10 I’ll Always Love You The women; Bernice, Nelda, Pam, Lisa, Violet, Cara and little Miranda rise up in power in this tale of triumph and love. But there are a few proverbial flies in the ointment. Can you guess whom?

A Good Beach Day: a FREE Pam of Babylon Short Story – While John’s away on a business trip, Pam faces the truth about her marriage. To John, not Jack!

#11 Beach Spirits Pam wrestles with spirits, living and dead as the past haunts her.

#12 South Shore Romance At last, with everything aligned perfectly, and her family occupied, Pam finds romance, love, excitement and joy with Senator Charlie Monroe and his rescued Greyhound, Margaret. But swirling around her are the antics of Dan and Julie and their exciting but exasperating relationship, the elders living a riotous life jet-setting between Babylon, Great Neck, and Florida, Alison and Diana spending more and more time with Miranda, Lisa and Ryan Maddox discovering bonds they never thought possible, Sandra finding true love, and last but not least, Sister Mary Joseph, settling in to a life of comfort and privilege at the beach. What could possibly go wrong?

#13 Meet Me at the Beach Pam, Lisa, Nelda, Sister Mary and Sandra seek hints of their destiny in the next installment of Pam of Babylon, available exclusively at suzannejenkins.net, Summer 2016

Pam of Babylon Video

~ ~ ~

Perfect for Him Romance in the time of death, Perfect for Him skims the surface of a marriage before plunging into the abyss of heartbreak. Perfect for Him is a tale of two lovers whose lifetime romance sustains them, as an unwanted ending looms in the near future. Pathos and heartbreak intermingles with expectation and the comedy that only a close-knit family can generate. At the end, joy and hope reign, thanks to Harley’s unselfish love.

Perfect for Him Video

~ ~ ~

The Greeks of Beaubien Street is the first book in The Greektown Stories. Although it may be read as a stand-alone novel, character development is on the continuum of all the books in the series.

Nestled below the skyline of Detroit you’ll find Greektown, a few short blocks of colorful bliss, warm people and Greek food. In spite of growing up immersed in the safety of her family and their rich culture, Jill Zannos doesn’t fit in. A Detroit homicide detective, she manages to keep one foot planted firmly in the traditions started by her grandparents, while the other navigates the most devastated neighborhoods in the city she can’t help but love. She is a no-nonsense workaholic with no girlfriends, an odd boyfriend who refuses to grow up, and an uncanny intuition, inherited from her mystic grandmother that acts as her secret weapon to crime-solving success. Her story winds around tales of her family and their secret-laden history, while she investigates the most despicable murder of her career.

The Greeks of Beaubien Street is a modern tale of a family grounded in old world, sometimes archaic, tradition as they seek acceptance in American society. They could be any nationality, but they are Greek.

The Princess of Greektown Jill investigates the messiest crime of her career, while her family suffers a loss that changes the way life will be lived in Greektown.

Christmas in Greektown As Christmastime approaches, the family prepares for another get-together in Greektown. Relationships blossom and some end during the hardest time of the year. But as Jill and others discover, when one door closes, another opens, often with more wonderful opportunities.

A Greektown Wedding After Christmas was over, the family could finally focus on other things, like love! The jam-packed fourth volume of the Greektown Stories Saga, A Greektown Wedding takes you on the emotional roller coaster the other books introduced you to as the Zannos's have another family dinner in Greektown, but this time with a wedding.

Greek Style coming Fall, 2016

The Greektown Books Video

~ ~ ~

The Burn District Series

Burn District: The Short Story Prequel  Laura and Mike Davis and their four children build an idyllic life with friends and family nearby in the beautiful Brandywine River Valley. Dreams and goals come to an abrupt end soon after Hurricane Sandy hits the east coast. Discovered in wood soaked by seawater, a virus thought to have the potential to decimate the population becomes the excuse to relocate thousands of citizens from beach towns. Fire is the only known way to eradicate the virus.
Rumors spread that napalm is used to burn without evacuating the people. A neighbor warns Laura and Mike that their town is next as the destruction moves inland. Is it a drastic way to halt the spread of disease, or is there another catalyst?

Burn District 1 The family flees to Steve Hayward’s ranch in the desert at the Mexican Border, outside of Yuma, Arizona and build an encampment there. The government no longer exists. Lies, looting and lack of power are now the norm of life in the United States. Believers and Rumors coexist, as life appears to reach normalcy. But it will be short-lived.

Watch for Burn District: Book 2

~ ~ ~

Alice’s Summertime Adventure
We meet Alice Bradshaw when she is at a crossroad. She’s just beaten cancer and is suddenly unsure of what her next move should be. Looking back on where she’s been and what the future may hold, she knows she needs to make a big change in her life. Then her car dies on the highway after an argument with her daughter. Dave, a stranger on a motorcycle, pulls alongside her and saves the day. He offers Alice a chance at adventure. She jumps on it, much to the dismay of her children. The adventure starts a chain of events that will have Alice and her children, as well as Dave, questioning every aspect of their lives. There will be a few casualties along the way, a lot of anger, life changes and a few shocking surprises. Alice’s Summertime Adventure is the story of an average American family as they struggle with dilemmas we all have, and making choices that aren’t for everyone.

Someone Like You
Life gets in the way as upstate NY sisters, Marley and Abigail cling to each other and their young children. But a babysitter introduces them both to Jay Malik, a medical student from India who becomes their lifeline to happiness, forgiveness and healing. "Another tear-jerker from Jenkins. Have the tissue ready."

The Savant of Chelsea
From Publisher’s Weekly April 2014 "This gripping novel from Jenkins delivers complex twists and turns from start to finish. Alexandra Donicka is a talented but unstable brain surgeon living in New York City. When her mother dies, Alexandra travels to New Orleans to face the tragedies and secrets of her youth. These include childhood abuse and the birth of a child, who was taken from Alexandra by her mother more than two decades ago. As Alexandra searches for her daughter, she must grapple with long-hidden emotions and discover her own humanity. Jenkins creates fully realized, believable characters and ably portrays mental illness in this dark tale that provides nonstop thrills and culminates in an explosive and unexpected finale."

Gracefully, Like a Living Thing: The Sequel to The Savant of Chelsea
So many possibilities existed at the explosive ending of The Savant of Chelsea. The author wanted readers to believe whatever they wanted. The doctor lives out her new life as a mother while the pendulum swings between lucidity and abject insanity.

Slow Dancing After midnight, a mysterious stranger appears at the edge of the woods and the peaceful life fifteen-year-old Ellen Fisher has with her beloved stepfather Frank is turned upside down. Small town gossip, jealousy and murder strive to tear them apart in a tale of secrets and unrequited love.

The Liberation of Ravenna Morton Ravenna Morton is an American Indian woman living a very old-fashioned life in a primitive cabin at the edge of the Kalamazoo River. Facing modern problems when her lifelong affair with a Greek artist is closely examined by their children after a child she gave up for adoption dies, The Liberation of Ravenna Morton captures the small-town dynamic of a family's private secrets being exposed to the world. A poignant look at the melding of two Americanized cultures observed under a microscope.

Atlas of Women A Collection of Short Stories
Women are the heart of the home. (Unless it’s a home with a man as the heart!) This volume is about women. The stories are a melding of truth from my own experiences and fiction created from both observation and fantasy.

Mademoiselle, a novella, started out as young adult genre. But as I wrote, Philipa grew up into a young woman who found her way after a short detour, choosing the more difficult path.

The Golden Boy ended up exactly as I imagined it would. A family deals with a loved one’s mental illness with love and support, but when there is no longer any hope for normalcy, prayer and grace allow them to step aside.

Tribute to a Dead Friend is my tribute to every woman who’s lost a close friend but continues to be inspired and comforted by her spirit.

A Night Encounter, currently published on Amazon, is a short story about regrets and self-forgiveness. A daughter's disrespect borne of sibling rivalry comes back to haunt her in a most unusual and gentle way. As in every work, there are elements of truth in the story, but it is pure fiction. I spent time in my garden last summer, convinced my late mother was there with me. It was a very therapeutic and comforting experience.

Vapors, was selected to appear in Willow Review 2013, is a fantasy in which a wife discovers a way to make her presence known after her husband reveals a painful secret.

Suzannejenkins.net
