Metal in the Moonlight
Matthew C. Gill

Published By: Matthew C. Gill at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Matthew C. Gill

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free eBook. You are welcome to share it with your
friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial
purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this
book; please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank
you for your support.
Dedicated to my beloved Grandfather; a more honest, honorable and simply strong character of a man I have never known. May we all be blessed to have such a handy hammer in our lives to help build us into a better man or woman.



Metal in the Moonlight

Episode 1

“You know your work-ethic is going to be the death of you someday, right?” Gabriel didn’t bother to look up from his work to see who it was that was talking to him from the roughed out doorframe. “Only if the job is done,” he confessed with a grin. Everyone on the crew liked to pick on Gabriel for his dedication to what he considered to be his hallmark. Like his grandfather before him he strived to hold himself to two simple standards. If something was worth doing then it was worth doing right. And you never leave a job until the task is finished. 

Where everyone else on the crew was already long gone to go unwind at The Rat Hole, what served as the local pub, Gabriel refused to leave the job site just yet. They had been building on to an old colonist housing unit for a local couple. But secretly it was for their son that Gabriel was now diligently driving nails in the growing gloom. 

The bashful boy had approached Gabriel before obediently following his mother to leave for their trip out of town. He had heard the whispered stories of pets vanishing along with the occasional wanderer before the dawn and worried over his own beloved beast. Gabriel kindly consented to craft him a secure storage for the precious pet and waived good bye. 

It was for this lone reason that he was still hard at work, his day not yet ended even as the sun had left the sky. The family wouldn’t be back for a few days; by all arguable logic he only really needed to ensure his task was complete before then. But it just wasn’t in him to pack up and leave without finishing what he had already began. 

He had promised the kid that he would do the job, and to him that meant that it would be done before he left. As he drove the final nails into the wooden frame he took a moment to appreciate the clean and functional creation. It was solid; there was no doubt about it. A finely crafted thing that should serve the job of keeping the child’s companion sheltered nicely.

The job was finally complete but the hour was growing late. Much too late to be able to join the rest of the crew for drinks Gabriel wagered. So he decided as he packed up his tools to instead head for home to get some rest. The walk would do him some good anyways; the transports typically stopped running hours ago. Most of the city shut down with the setting of the sun.

His weary feet carried him down the sidewalk towards his house under the flickering night lamps. “Someone should really take the time to repair some of these things,” Gabriel told himself as he wondered just how hard it was to keep such tech fully functioning. Surely it couldn’t be too terribly difficult to perform some kind of routine maintenance on them. 

 Perhaps it was the exhaustion, or the combination of the late hour and occasional failing light but Gabriel thought he heard the strangest sound. It almost sounded like some kind of primal growl or howl. He had to be more tired than he thought, why in all of space would he be hearing something like that?

But the sound was getting closer, the noise becoming clearer and directed from somewhere behind him. “What the…” Gabriel muttered and turned to investigate the curious clatter. Awaiting his eyes was a sight that his mind struggled to make sense of. It was some manner of fur covered creature that at first moved frantically on all four legs before rising up onto its hind limbs to glare hungrily at him. At the ends of its muscled arms were vicious claws that gleamed in the dim lights. A pair of piercing gold eyes gazed down at him from over the monster’s muzzle. And a snarl of sinister sharp teeth dripped with saliva that eagerly anticipated the taste of a fresh meal.

The brutish beast savagely swung a pernicious paw violently aimed at Gabriel. Instinctively the tired tradesman jerked his right arm up to try and shield himself from the blow. But the flesh proved a feeble match for his fearsome foe and pain exploded in answer. So much pain, Gabriel discovered that his vision started to fail him and the world started to turn a shade of red.

His right arm still reeled in a tidal wave of torment and refused to respond as he tried to reach for his hammer. He needed something to try and get this thing off of him, to find a way to get to safety. Another burst of agony heralded a blow that tore into his ribs and chest. Breathing instantly became a monumental challenge that made Gabriel question if there could be any safety from this predator. 

Cool stone collided with his cheek as Gabriel slipped from his feet to fall to the waiting ground with a crash. Defiantly he reached out for a grip with his left arm and tried to crawl as best he could to escape form the nightmare. Everything had begun to feel so very cold and distant to the point that he almost wasn’t sure what the feeling was in his left leg. Turning slowly to look back he quickly understood as he caught sight of terrible teeth chewing. 

A scream escaped him only to be suddenly silenced as another swipe of claws ripped across his face sending it back to the sidewalk. His vision completely failed him leaving the last thing for his eyes to witness was the sight of his own hammer splattered in blood laying in the moonlight. As consciousness started to retreat along with it a soft voice drifted up to tug at him. 

“Hold on,” it pleaded with an edge of concern that mixed with authority. “Just hang in there; you are going to be alright. Help is on the way!” Everything had become disconnected; Gabriel could only hear the muffled sound of the stranger’s voice now. 

“Come on, I need you do something for me – I have a job for you; you have got to try and hold on. You do your job and I’ll do mine, deal?” Deep down Gabriel no longer had the understanding left to grasp what was happening. But some basic part of him seized on that sole notion; that he had a job to do. And if he had a job left to do there was no way he was going to leave without finishing it. 

“Appreciated,” the voice remarked noticing that Gabriel’s pulse struggled to keep from weakening any further. Gabriel wasn’t sure what could be done to save him considering the shape he must be in. But if he was asked to do his best to hold on then that is exactly what he was going to do. Besides, at least he had already completed his project for the boy he admitted to himself. It seemed like an unusual thought at the time but Gabriel figured perhaps the pet would at least be safe now. If anything could keep something safe from such a monster. 

Gabriel found thoughts of monsters and protection trying to dominate his mind as he fought to focus on his assigned job of clinging to life. Somehow the darkness behind his closed eyes deepened to claim him and Gabriel realized he had no idea what was happening around him anymore. All he could do was drift amid dreams as a decision came to him. Someone needed to make things safe if such creatures could threaten everyone. And if there was any way he could then he was certainly going to take up the task. 


Episode 2

“Get this man into the medical transport immediately and prep 10 units of stabilizer Nano-Meds into the injector.” Doctor Foxfire immediately began rapid firing her orders the second her response team appeared on the scene. The bulky transport slid to a halt and a pair of medical service robots exited to begin following her commands. 

“We need to get him back to my facility quickly,” the Doctor confessed mostly for her own benefit. “It looks like it is going to be a rather long night for this gentleman,” she added. Dr. Foxfire had seen her share of grizzly scenes over the length of her young career. But this man had been mauled by something that defied natural logic. 

The fact that this man was still clinging to life was an absolute miracle. He had lost a tremendous amount of blood and his right arm was completely gone. Savage wounds covered most of his body; his ribs looked shredded with a possibly punctured lung. The poor soul looked like something had chewed off part of his lower leg and the slash to his face might cost him his eye as well. 

“Hurry up and get him loaded Red,” Dr. Foxfire told one of her assistants bearing a crimson band on its arms. “Blue, I want you to pilot us straight back to the facility with the utmost urgency while I try and get this man stable.” The blue-banded bot faithfully complied and took its place at the transport’s helm while its red-banded cohort directed Gabriel into the rear on a hovering board of tetrasteel. 

“Nano-Med Injector,” Foxfire requested as the hatch had barely closed and the vehicle began to make its way with all the available haste. Her autonomous assistant handed her the small canister containing a compressed mixture of medical nannites with clinical poise. The tiny technologically crafted creations were a staple of modern medicine. Once injected into the body they could spread throughout to halt damage to the body or repair it. However it took a skilled physician to administer the precise mixture and placement of the injection. Even as miraculous as medicine had come in all these years; it couldn’t bring back the dead or fix flesh that was no longer there. 

With a whispered hiss the device she delicately pressed against Gabriel’s body released the microscopic minions and set them to work. They rushed to form artificial platelet barriers to try and seal off the breeches to the body and stop the continued blood loss. Nannites scurried to mobilize themselves to mend failing tissue and began releasing chemicals to help boost the ones Gabriel’s body was already marshalling.

Dr. Foxfire’s brow furrowed as she found herself becoming displeased by the information her monitors started to report. Despite the nannites impressive efforts the terrible trauma suffered by her present patient was looking to be too much. She despised the notion of ever having to say those painful words; “I am sorry, but we couldn’t save him.” With all her training and technology at her disposal she could not accept that as an option.

“Ready surgery for an emergency operation,” Foxfire demanded as she hurried to aid the man who mysteriously had managed to hang on this long already. “Make every single piece of cybernetic replacement we have in inventory available and I want it done an hour ago.” Responding to her request the facility A.I. appeared on one of the transport’s screens to address her. 

“I must remind you, Doctor, that our current inventory of such components is unfortunately limited. As such it is unwise to waste them needlessly when the availability of them being restocked is unknown.” Whoever had created the advising A.I. had to have a distorted sense of humor, Foxfire decided. “You’re a real piece of work, you know that?” She stated to the virtual face starring back at her from the screen. “For something named after an important founder of medicine you show a complete lack of understanding with regard to your namesakes primary teachings. To a black hole with the inventory, this man is dying and if I have to put everything I have into him to prevent that I will. Including your circuit boards, understand?”

“Understood,” the A.I. confirmed. “The facility and requested materials will be awaiting your arrival, Doctor.” Listed on the screen an itemized inventory replaced the artificial administrator’s face. Foxfire was going to have to have a serious long talk with that A.I. after this she noted.  “Appreciated, Hippo,” she sarcastically commented as the vehicle rolled to a stop finally.

Making the most of every precious moment, Foxfire leaped down from the transport’s rear hatch and sprinted her way to the waiting operating room. Instinctively her banded bots followed automatically behind her with their unconscious cargo in tow. With all the speed she could muster, Foxfire set herself to surgically seeing to Gabriel’s wounds. Working long into the night and part of the following day she tirelessly toiled to tend to the extensive trauma. 

By the end she reluctantly had to admit that she had done everything within her power to save him. Including the fact that she did end up having to use most of the available cyberware components she had in stock. Unfortunately her medical facility had never been established with the notion of having to treat such massive trauma cases. For the most part it was only intended to handle first aid, common illnesses and the occasional birth. 

Now it was all a matter of waiting and watching. She would have to leave the rest in the hands of her patient. The dedicated doctor had kept her promise; all she could do was hope that her patient wasn’t going to let her down. After a few hours rest she would check on him again to monitor his condition. In the mean time she could use a nap herself, but first a quick records check to identify her patient was in order. Either way she would need a name to put with the face later awake or otherwise.


Episode 3

Gabriel found himself drifting amidst an endless abyss. In every direction there was nothing but this sea of shadow with him at its center. How did he get here he wondered? And just exactly where was here even? Everything felt so fuzzy and out of place. The last clear memory he had was of swinging his hammer – he had been working on something. He was building something.

And then he could hear a peculiar noise. At first it was so very faint, only tickling at the edge of his hearing to tease him. What is that infernal sound? Gabriel couldn’t stand not being able to make it out. If he couldn’t see anything in this maddening mess of midnight he would be thrice thumb-thwacked if he wasn’t going to at least hear something. If nothing else he needed to be doing something. 

There. There is was again, just ahead of him and to the right he was sure this time. His feet padded into a sprint and he followed as fiercely as he could to uncover what was making that strange noise. As he felt he was getting closer he slowly began to feel like the sound was familiar somehow. It was something he had heard before, but where? It was like the word on the tip of your tongue. He had always found that infuriating to him, to have something right there on the edge of your mind – to know that you know it but unable to connect the two. 

“What are you,” Gabriel screamed as he could feel his heart beginning to race. The building rush of running was thrilling. He could feel his muscles flexing and powering through the steps. It was an exciting surge; this chase seemed to feel so satisfying. But what in all the colonized worlds was that blasted sound? The maddening mystery was beginning to grate on Gabriel’s nerves and as it did he found his teeth clenching. A savage snarl slipped free from him and that’s when he started to understand. 

He had heard that sound before. It had been on the walk home. Something terrible had happened to him, something so very painful. But he had a job to do, a task that he had to complete. And just like that he found the sound – a distant primal howl that he could feel whispering through his insides as much as he could hear it. But replacing the endless darkness there was an ocean of delicate white light. He was in a room of some kind, and things were beeping all around him.

“Where – where am I,” Gabriel tried to make sense of his surroundings as his head began to swim with confusion. How did he get to wherever this was anyway? Was he dead? As he tried to look down he found his neck and limbs had been restrained. “What is going on,” he growled before having to groan as pain reminded him he was still far too wounded for any such antics.

“Ah, you’re awake early; I hadn’t expected you to regain consciousness for awhile longer,” Dr. Foxfire remarked as she entered the room. “It looks like introductions are in order, let’s see – Marcus Gabriel Vincent if our records are correct. My name is Dr. Samantha Foxfire, and you are under my care after suffering a quite vicious accident of some kind.”

“Nobody calls me Marcus,” Gabriel objected with a surge of anger. “Not if they want to keep their teeth intact for very long.” Dr. Foxfire allowed herself a brief smile at the comment that she was sure was both meant as a threat and more than likely true. “Well, be that as it may how about I just call you Gabriel then, alright? And you can call me Dr. Foxfire, or Doctor Sam if you prefer.”

“Sure Doc,” Gabriel admitted with a grunt, whatever had happened to him was still painful enough that he wasn’t in any shape to argue or fight. “Now, let’s give you a look then shall we?” Dr. Foxfire began to remove various restraints and with each one Gabriel found fresh sources of discomfort. “I think I should inform you, it’s only fair; that you have sustained extensive damage to your body. By all accounts you are incredibly fortunate to even be alive right now. I need to prepare you for the shock of what toll the trauma has taken on your body. You lost a lot of blood and we did have to fit you with some artificial implants. I am afraid it will take some time for you to adjust and the road to recovery will not be an easy one. But you have done your job admirably and I hope you will come to find that I have done my very best to hold up my end as well.”

“What do you mean, Doc?” Gabriel prompted, bewildered by the news. “How much, I mean, what have you done to me?” The shock began to take hold as he struggled to replay events in his head. Some thing had attacked him, it was unnatural and he could still picture its cruel claws dripping with crimson. But where the memories began pain and torment followed to cloud everything. He simply couldn’t recall what it had done to him.

“Let’s take this slow then, shall we?” Dr. Foxfire advised with a gentle tone liken to that of a loving mother tending to her child. “We shall take this one step at a time. You have suffered a lot already, and I know this cannot be easy for you. But you must keep reminding yourself that you are still alive. Now, we are going to carefully review your condition. Are you ready?”

Gabriel swallowed hard as he tried to process everything that was happening but in his mind he kept reliving the horror that seemed so much like a terrible dream. He wanted so badly for this Dr. Foxfire to tell him he had fallen and hit his head and this was all just some sick joke. But he knew it wasn’t, he knew this was reality and he had to deal with it. “Go ahead Doc, I can take it.” He confirmed and closed his eyes to focus on her words.

“Your right arm was unfortunately absent when we found you, and had to be completely replaced. You have suffered considerable damage along your right side as well, resulting in cracked, broken and shattered ribs. There is severe muscle and tissue injury along with punctures to your lung. We had to perform emergency surgery to repair or replace what we could. You have also lost much of your left leg below the knee. There is also some scarring to the side of your face and head. I am afraid we reconstructed what we could but your right eye was beyond repair and we had to remove it.”

As Gabriel considered all the details the good doctor was informing him of he found himself distracted by the implications. What was he going to do now? Did this mean he couldn’t work any more; was he going to be some kind of robotic freak of nature? Dr. Foxfire kept talking to him but Gabriel was finding his attention unable to focus on her summary of his condition. 

“This is going to take time, as I said, for you to adjust and recover,” Dr. Foxfire reaffirmed. “We are going to monitor your progress and there will need to be some further testing but I believe you can make a full recovery.” As she spoke the words she hoped would help console her patient, Dr. Foxfire covertly began to order some specialized analysis tests. Someone in the condition Gabriel had been in never should have awakened for several days from his comma at the earliest. She would have estimated about a week if things had gone well. He had only been out of surgery a handful of hours.

“We’ll speak more after you get some rest,” Dr. Foxfire admitted and politely exited the room. Perhaps soon enough she could find out if Gabriel could recall anything about what had happened to him that might shed some light on everything. If he couldn’t recall something that might help answer what was going on then Dr. Foxfire was going to have to investigate for the answers one way or another. Something about the whole matter made her curious, and in her experience if something managed to make her curious there was good reason for her to figure it out.


Episode 4

The moon had already risen overhead to cast its gentle glow over Gallu. Chief Gnaeus looked past his cooling mug to study the curious reports that had begun to litter his desk. They had been slowly beginning to show up over the last few nights more and more. At first he could just shrug them off; some folks had a tendency to disappear from time to time out here near the rim. Often enough they would show up later but typically it never happened quite on this scale. 

And then there was this one report regarding what he could only consider had to be a horribly unfortunate soul; viciously assaulted on the streets. Heavily wounded and left for dead by something that according to the details it was claimed might have been trying to eat him. The victim was just some regular laborer on his way home from a job. But something about it didn’t feel right to the Chief. The man was alone; there was no one else to corroborate his tale. And furthermore, typically these types often frequented the local pub for drinks after work. The encounter allegedly took place long after the work day was over and a far cry from The Rat Hole. So what was he doing there at that hour all alone? There had to be more to the story than some fictional creature attacking without ever having been seen or encountered before. 

“Dispatch,” Gnaeus called and his desks automatically routed the on-duty officer onto the built in screen. With a grumbled complaint the Chief had to remind himself to stop leaving things so scattered over his desk and pushed aside some of the clutter to better view his screen. Alert and awaiting his command was a young officer, who as far as he could tell had to barely be old enough to serve. It was yet another reminder that it had been so long since he himself was in front of the desk instead of behind it. 

“I want an official request sent to Dr. Foxfire immediately for a complete incident report, including any records regarding her findings pertaining to the injured man.” Before ending the call Gnaeus decided to clarify his meaning; he didn’t want this rookie to mistakenly fail to relay his intentions. “And Dispatch, make sure to emphasize to the good Doctor that currently we are still undecided as to whether or not to investigate the suspicious nature of this matter. As such it is in everyone’s best interest to be as honest as possible. If we find any reason to suspect any party is involved with some form of cover-up we will launch a full investigation.”

“Yes sir,” the dispatch officer replied gingerly and the screen went dark once more. The Chief couldn’t help but chuckle to himself, if he was not mistaken it had looked like the officer had written down everything he had said. “They keep getting younger and younger,” Gnaeus remarked to himself. He couldn’t help but wonder how even half of this police force of inexperienced peace-keepers would have handled anything like back when he served. “Those were the days,” he declared and then moaned as he realized his mug had gone cold. “A fire-fight every shift and you never had a chance for your mug to get cold – if you had a chance to grab a mug at all.”

♦♦♦

“Come on Doc,” Gabriel pleaded once more. He was eager to get up and move for a change, being confined to the bed was beginning to feel like torture. “I’m telling you, I feel a lot better. At least let me get up and stretch my legs some.” Gabriel couldn’t explain it but with the day’s rest he found himself full of energy and ready to do something. 

“I must insist that you not rush into this Gabriel, you have been through a very traumatic event and still need time to recover.” Dr. Foxfire still needed time to evaluate the puzzling patient further. The simple truth was that he was showing remarkable improvements. A little too remarkable, all things considered. 

“I cannot consent to releasing you from care just yet, nor would I recommend you attempting to engage in overly exerting activity. We still need to run further tests and allow you to adjust to your new body. While your implants appear to be healing and show no sign of rejection thus far it wouldn’t be wise to tempt fate by stressing them. Right now, without them, you would have never survived whatever happened to you.” 

“Here we go again,” Gabriel complained. “I already told you; I don’t recall very clearly what it was that happened. There was some creature; it attacked me on my way home from work. The thing was big, all I know is it was covered in fur; it had claws and was trying to eat me.” 

Dr. Foxfire continued to make notes in her file as Gabriel once more recounted what had happened to him. It was beginning to infuriate the wounded worker. “Let’s be clear about this Doc; I am not crazy. I am not mistaken. Something tried to turn me into a chew-toy and if not for you would have done so. You had to see something!”

A beep alerted Dr. Foxfire and interrupted Gabriel. “It looks like I have an important transmission I need to take in my office, and you have a visitor. When I get back, if you’re still feeling up to it, how about we start your physical therapy and run a few tests to see how you’re doing. Then we can go from there, alright?” 

“Sounds fine Doc,” Gabriel agreed. “But who could be visiting me here?” As Dr. Foxfire casually exited his room another familiar figure slipped in. “Sebastian, what are you doing here? Who is running The Rat Hole?” Without a word Sebastian strolled over pulling out a chair and proceeded to set down. He draped his muscled arms over the back of the chair and leaned forward to rest his scruffy chin. 

“You think I wouldn’t come visit one of my oldest and best regulars as soon as I hear word that their on the mend?” Sebastian was the owner and operator of The Rat Hole, not to mention the closest thing to a friend Gabriel had. In a way the bartending buddy was as near a thing to family as Gabriel had left.

“I heard what happened, and as you know I hear lots of things. Which is why I am here; we need to talk.” 


Episode 5

“What’s going on Sebastian, one walk home that was more like something out of a nightmare and now I am looking like some kind of toss-out from a tin can factory. I don’t know what happened to me and what little I do know the Doc here don’t seem to be buying. And now I got just about the only friend on this dirt ball coming to visit me speaking in veiled nonsense. Talk to me man, tell it to me straight; what on Gallu is going on!”

Sebastian ruffled his shaggy mane of walnut colored hair and then took a moment to pause and scratch at his chin. It was a familiar gesture that Gabriel recognized; it typically proceeded any dispense of sage-like advice or at the very least bartender banter. “Alright, here goes,” Sebastian began with a wry half smile. “Like I was saying, you know I hear things – it comes with the unique nature of my position in society.”

“Nothing at all to do with the fact you provides a service that is often prone to prompt people to loosen their lips or encourage those genuinely in need of a friendly ear you mean.” Gabriel quickly interjected; even if he was still recovering he couldn’t miss the chance to point out that he knew Sebastian better than that. “Fair enough point,” the bold barkeep acknowledged with a chuckle and a nod.

“Now, where was I, oh yes; the word on the street. As you may already be aware there has been the occasional vanishing act of pets here and there along with the rare drifter or two. Nothing to really bother over, not even serious enough for the authorities to get themselves involved in. And then you manage to get into some bizarre bit of bloody trouble walking home. Everybody has been whispering all hush-hush about it and as the rumors spread the words naturally change. 

Some of the more regular customers with a friendly nature from the civil-defense forces have been mentioning a growing concern over some of these reports. Nothing official, mind you, but enough to illuminate some interesting points. Chiefly among them is the fact that after these quiet incidents now there has been one involving someone who didn’t vanish and instead survived. And some of them aren’t exactly making a clear case of separating your name from the victim category or its alternative.”

“Wait,” Gabriel halted his friend with a raised hand and called for an immediate stop to this silly notion. “You cannot be serious; look at me, there is no way I could be lying here in this shape and people think for a second that I was involved!” He couldn’t believe it, there was no way anyone could be thinking anything so absurd. How could he have even ended up so mangled if not for some kind of attack from a savage beast? Surely it had to be the talk of those who had had way too much to drink.

“Don’t shoot the messenger Marcus,” Sebastian advised warmly. He knew full well what using that name would do to his friend, and so he was already waiting to return the irritated eye that it called his way. “Yeah, I know how you feel about that name. When are you going to let that one go?” Clenched teeth and closed eyes were all that answered Sebastian’s query; which was a better reaction than he expected. 

“Anyway The Rat Hole isn’t going to run itself,” Sebastian declared and rose with a stretch. “You just take care of yourself man, and keep a sharp eye on your tail. Something is definitely going on and until people have something solid to point their fears at you may find yourself a welcome substitute.” 

Right on queue, Dr. Foxfire returned back from office. “You seem to do an amazing patch-up job Doctor; he looks to be doing great. Shame you can’t do more to repair that busted brain of his,” Sebastian laughed to himself as he made his exit. Dr. Foxfire seemed distracted to Gabriel, in truth he wasn’t even sure she had noticed Sebastian’s little joke – albeit a terrible one. “Something wrong Doc,” he decided to ask. He had had enough negative news for one day; he was still hoping to get to move around some like the Doctor had mentioned. 

“Just a patient record error in the database is all,” Dr. Foxfire offered before changing the subject. “If you are ready to begin, I thought we might start with something simple.” A console along the wall responded to a series of key presses to slide a black slab out from the wall. “We are going to start off slow and I will monitor you. Just step up here and we’re going to start by walking, okay?”

“Sounds good to me,” Gabriel agreed as he found himself excited at the idea of not being confined any longer. The sensation of his feet touching the tiled floor was peculiar at first. He could feel the slight difference between his two feet; somehow the synthetic appendage registered the contact and reported it to his brain. It wasn’t completely unlike the feeling of his natural foot touching the cold floor but there was a slight edge of artificial difference that was subtly present. 

As he placed his full weight down he found his legs awkwardly answering but his balance was slightly off. It took a few seconds to steady him, and he gratefully grabbed a hold onto his bed with both hands. His robotic right arm’s metallic exterior echoed the cold touch of the bed’s frame. While the Doctor might have attempted to balance out his various implants, Gabriel somehow could feel a shift in his center that leaned to his now heavier right side. 

With a long deep breath Gabriel tediously stepped his way towards the extended platform. Once it registered his presence he discovered the base of the unit gradually began to spin prompting him to start walking to stay on. The pace was very leisurely, and with each stride Gabriel started to get a better feel for his adjusted gait. But the restrained rate was little more than a tease to him; he longed to really get his blood pumping.

“Can’t we step it up a bit Doc,” Gabriel implored as he found a smile starting to form and his mood improving. “Let’s put these new parts through their paces,” he begged as he curiously tried to step just a hair faster and noticed the platform responding. “That is not a good idea,” Dr. Foxfire cautioned only to raise an inquiring eye as Gabriel ignored her. Her peculiar patient was already moving into a joggers trot and threatening to increase his speed further. The monitors were feeding back a stream of steady data, aside from some elevated vitals Gabriel was looking to be in incredible shape. Perhaps even more so than he was prior to the accident, in fact Gabriel looked to be barely warming up. 

“This doesn’t make any sense,” Dr. Foxfire failed to keep from whispering to herself. The quiet comment caught Gabriel’s attention and without breaking stride he turned to address her. “Surprised at how well your work turned out Doc?” With a shake of her head Dr. Foxfire gestured the question aside. “That is not what I meant; something else is going on here. There is a puzzle here and I aim to solve it. I am going to have to run some more tests.”

Gabriel barely had time to clear the platform as Dr. Foxfire hit the button to return it back into the wall before rapidly retreating from the room lost in her own thoughts. “Guess that means that is all for today,” Gabriel remarked to himself. Absently he flexed his fingers and soon found himself reviewing the strange new feel of his metallic muscles. He hadn’t realized that he had never even managed to get out of breath until now. Perhaps the Doc was right, which reminded him of what Sebastian had been saying. If he alone had survived some monster attack and people found out he was already recovering so fast then there was bound to be questions. And he wasn’t sure if he had any answers that anyone would accept.


Episode 6

“Time to get back to the core of the matter,” Dr. Foxfire confessed as she called up Gabriel’s initial test data. From the moment he had entered her operating room she had collected tissue and blood samples for the records. It was standard protocol, allowing her to cross match blood types and properly configure implants. But now those samples could provide her with more vital information. 

“Hippocrates, run a full genetic analysis on the current samples. Give me a real time feed direct to this terminal and make sure to filter the findings accordingly.” The wall behind her desk flashed to life to display a complex series of data fields. Her facility A.I. was already hard at work scanning and compiling the necessary information to meet her request. 

“And Hippo, let’s cross reference the data with all known abnormalities on file. Including my own personal research, confirm authorization code for secure access – Samantha Foxfire delta three.” Dr. Foxfire had collected various research and curious bits of data for years as a hobby. It had helped her pass the time between patients and to keep her mind sharp. But it was something long ago she had learned the hard way; sometimes it was wise to keep some information safely locked away. 

Even as the colony medical specialist it would never do to openly keep sensitive data available for just anyone to access. Such records had been used for countless ages by various enthusiastic groups to twist and pervert as excuses for their causes. One misrepresented scrap of genetic code and an entire breed of pet could be slaughtered for fear of possible mutation. Or a child could be taken into custody for special use projects. It was the kind of thing Dr. Foxfire never could have on her conscience. 

But she needed to compare Gabriel’s results to something and her best bet for finding abnormalities would be in these secure files. Already Chief Gnaeus had saw fit to threaten to stick his nose into the matter. If she couldn’t find something to explain things then she feared the former veteran would try to look for an answer himself. 

Isolated genetic sequences were highlighted on her screen as she studied the displayed diagnostics. Fragments of Gabriel’s core structure had somehow been overwritten in a way that theoretically couldn’t just happen on its own. Something had changed the misfortunate man, and whatever it was it looked to still be actively in progress. As she observed the very cellular level was transforming into something resilient and almost elastic. Instead of tissue decay rates she was being shown incredible recovery times and durability. 

Whatever had attacked Gabriel had left more than just scars to mar the skin. It had somehow left deeper damage all the way down to the DNA. Dr. Foxfire couldn’t be certain but a part of her wondered if by saving Gabriel’s life if she had doomed him to a separate fate. If he hadn’t survived the encounter there was the chance that these alterations might not have taken hold. But by ensuring his recovery she had inadvertently also done the same for whatever now worked its way through Gabriel. 

No wonder Gabriel had shown such remarkable speed at healing from the surgery or presented such phenomenal stamina on their initial physical therapy evaluation. His body was repairing itself and adapting at an incredible rate. While it wasn’t completely without precedence it was something that she couldn’t allow to get out. She had to pinpoint the source of Gabriel’s transformation before she could be sure. There were only a handful of possible causes Dr. Foxfire could consider; and she could already rule out a natural development as it didn’t match up with the known evidence. No, the more likely alternatives were some form of secret experiment that seemed unlikely and something she shuddered to contemplate. If it was even remotely plausible there would have been evidence long before now of it’s presence on Gallu.

“Hippo, cancel secure access to restricted files and confirm,” Dr. Foxfire exclaimed urgently. Immediately her A.I. complied and registered the link to her private records had been closed. “Records secure,” Hippocrates commented in his cold computer voice. Dr. Foxfire didn’t enjoy the fact, especially after just having brushed off Chief Gnaeus’ last official transmission, but she was going to have to at least report something to buy her some time to figure things out. 

“Reply, previous transmission,” she commanded and waited. The moment that the fresh young face of the on-duty dispatch officer filled the screen Dr. Foxfire requested to speak directly to the Chief. It was a safe bet, she was sure, that the Chief had left instructions to handle anything he deemed important directly. So it was no surprise when the rookie receptionist instantly bowed to the Doctor’s request and transferred the call. 

“I am a little bit busy here Doctor,” the Chief answered with fresh frustration. “What is it you want now and it better be important.” Dr. Foxfire decided to jump straight to the point; if the Chief was already under a lot of stress then she didn’t have the time for anything too clever. “Just providing an updated report, as per your official request,” she offered with only a hinted grin. 

“What have you found,” Gnaeus implored as his eyes narrowed to focus fiercely at his screen. Dr. Foxfire made sure to maintain her best composure and pretended she was just delivering the news a family member needed to hear about their loved one. “Well, the patient is recovering well from the encounter but his memory is unfortunately still affected. He has had to undergo extensive surgery to repair or replace the damage to his body. It goes without saying that it will take time for him to make a full recovery. While the physical trauma may heal easily the psychological impact may trouble him far longer. I have had to resort to some advanced treatments to expedite his progress but there is little I can do to for his memory besides allow it to recover on its own. We cannot rush it without risking a complete breakdown. 

However, what I can tell you Chief is that this was nothing out of the ordinary. Something did attack this man and nearly killed him. By his own account it was something covered in fur, with sharp claws, vicious teeth and an appetite for flesh. I think it would be wise to warn against any unnecessary activity after dark and perhaps some increased security patrols as a precaution.”

Gnaeus listened as Dr. Foxfire briefed him on her findings and while he questioned the idea of some monster on the loose he couldn’t argue with her assessment. No matter what the cause of the disturbance was it was only cautious to enact some preventative measures to deal with things until more could be discovered. But something still nagged at him; his gut still said that this Gabriel fellow was somehow connected. 

“Appreciate the report and the advice,” Gnaeus replied after a pause to swallow a gulp from his mug. He had to wince again as he had once more forgotten how it had managed to lose its warmth. “But I would also appreciate it if until we know more you keep a close eye on your patient. He is not to leave your custody or supervision without my direct approval. Understood?”

Dr. Foxfire couldn’t refuse the request, nor did she want to without knowing more of the necessary details. “Agreed, Chief,” she finally consented casually. “Let’s just focus on finding whatever this thing is before I start to run out of beds.” And then she was back to staring at displayed data that started to clutter her wall. 


Episode 7

Gabriel paced back and forth in his room, as his mind began to wander like his feet. He was growing tired of standing still in this place as much as he did not know what seemed to be going on. The Doctor kept asking questions but she wasn’t really providing him with any answers. It was all very frustrating; he was being kept in the dark. He was being kept locked away in this room. And he was quickly growing tired of both.

The irritation began to build itself into a slow boil inside that burned his blood. Gabriel could feel as he paced a sensation he could only compare to as being like his body was growing warmer and warmer. His muscles begged to be put to work and his nerves tingled with nervous need for releasing the pent up power. With each step Gabriel found himself roaring like a revved motor, ready to run. 

What was this feeling? He couldn’t explain it; it raced through him with a rippling surge to sweep him into its influence. The strange sensation was some instinctive desire that threatened to push aside all his thoughts. All this contemplation was driving him crazy! “Where are you Doc?” Gabriel growled. “What is this that is happening to me?”

With each question that he couldn’t answer Gabriel grew even more enraged. And with each increasing measure of anger he found a tidal wave of primal might erupting from within. At first he thought his teeth felt different as he flexed his jaw in frustration. Then he noticed his gait was more of a smooth stride that held an odd hinged quality to it. But when he looked down he discovered there was more to it than that.

The sight was enough to make him howl in horror and roar with rage. Like water thundering over a waterfall, Gabriel found his fury in a similar collision course downward. Thriving on his terrible temper this strange shape seemed to be shifting into something between the man he used to be and some manner of creature. Where his left arm had differed from his new metal man-made right by retaining its proper natural nature it now had become something bizarrely bestial. 

Where once burnt-sienna colored the hair on his head now there was a freshly formed layer of thickening fur sprouting to coat his flesh. Everywhere the chrome components ended a sea of rich reddish brown contrasted. As he watched on his left hand began to form the tell-tale pointed tips that heralded claws. His every sense exploded with fresh sensory input that threatened to overwhelm him. 

Gabriel could feel himself starting to be pushed deeper and deeper inside. He felt like someone looking out a small window, who could only watch on as things happened. “No!” Gabriel objected defiantly. Summoning all his force of will that he could muster he speared his sense of self back upwards to regain control. If this anger could give birth to such primal power then perhaps he could temper it, restrain it. He needed to focus on something that didn’t evoke anything that might feed his rage. 

So Gabriel focused hard on working in his grandfather’s workshop. He concentrated on the feel of his hammer in hand and investing himself in his work. The image of the shy little boy worried for his pet came to him and he held on to all those things that he could to calm himself. Gabriel pushed aside every thought about his father, anything that might threaten to tempt his temper. And as he did he found his breathing slow, his swelling adrenaline diminishing.

 Gabriel allowed himself to sit back down on the edge of his bed for a moment to consider things. He didn’t need the Doc to explain this one to him. As he gazed into his own reflection cast back at him from his right arm he looked into the mirrored image. His eyes were still the same steely-grey they always had been. But when he looked into them now he couldn’t help but find the monster starring back that had so savagely stripped so much from him. 

As he considered everything he found himself feeling every part of him that was so distinctly different now. Each piece was a price paid to defy death, every one something that had been taken from him. And now he had to come to terms with the fact that whatever that thing was it had managed to try and still take another thing from Gabriel. His very humanity seemed now to be dangling in the balance. 

It was a cost that he refused to willingly pay, one that was far too high. Perhaps it could be reversed he wondered, or maybe the Doctor could do something. And if nothing could be done to stop it, if he began to turn into something like what had attacked him? It was a thought he did not want to entertain.

What if someone saw him change into this mysterious monster form? Gabriel began to find more questions forming that he also didn’t like. He already had to admit that looking as he did with all these implanted cybernetic components he was bound to draw some unfriendly attention. But if a walking patchwork of man and machine began to transform into a fur-covered creature odds were nobody would question its fearsome intentions. 

“I think we should talk,” Dr. Foxfire suggested softly from the open doorway. The sudden presence of his devoted doctor caught Gabriel by surprise. He realized that he could smell her faint scent upon the air, even hear the hushed clicking of her heeled shoes on the floor. Somehow he had been so distracted that he hadn’t noticed her approach he decided. 

“There are some things you should know,” she continued as she carefully entered the room. Her eyes were firmly on the floor and something about her body language Gabriel realized was different. “Yeah,” Gabriel answered awkwardly. “I have a few questions myself and I think I should tell you about some things I discovered while you were gone.”

Dr. Foxfire met his eyes with her own fixed stare full of emerald enigmas. “I already know,” she confessed with a clever crooked grin. Gabriel found the same irritated impulse threatening to claw its way back to the surface and wrestled to bite it back down. “What is going on,” he snarled. “Like I said, let’s have a little chat, shall we?” Dr. Foxfire offered once more, and this time Gabriel got the distinct impression that he didn’t have a whole lot of choice in the matter. 


Episode 8

“Where would you like to begin,” Dr. Foxfire asked with a clinical degree of composure. There was an almost playful patience to her measured manner as she took up a seat facing Gabriel. Much like some careful spider she seemed completely at ease and ready to control the coming conversation. Casually she crossed her legs and allowed one foot to bob slightly back and forth. Her hands were clasped together and rested neatly in her lap. Eyes of deepest emerald held Gabriel in their entrancing gaze and the soft white glow of the room seemed to highlight her silver-grey hair until it almost looked like it was burning. 

A whispered voice at the back of his mind told him that the Doctor was consciously making a point to emphasize a desired image. Somehow she was subtly dominating the situation, but he couldn’t tell how or why. Gabriel found himself dizzy with a growing twist to his thoughts that prompted him to shake his head to try and clear it. “Something happened while you were in your office,” he mumbled weakly.

Gabriel decided squarely to push aside any of these thoughts that seemed to blur his focus and seize on the troubling ones that worried him. “I can’t make sense of things completely,” he explained with a sense of shame that sparked a small measure of annoyance at his implied weakness. “But as I became irritated I discovered strange feelings flooding through me that I cannot explain. With them came powerful impulses that made me want to do things, changing me.” 

Unable to maintain the Doctor’s scrutinizing stare Gabriel quickly lowered his head and closed his eyes. He was still searching for the right words, some way to communicate what he had experienced without sounding mad. But no miraculous method offered itself to temper his tongue with the words he so wished would provide the appropriate answer. With a sigh he resigned himself to whatever fate his uttered claim might earn him.

“I am changing into some monster,” he revealed, the very admission bringing with it a wave of guilt and worry. “The rage and frustration burned inside me. Before I even knew what was happening I found myself watching in horror as my body betrayed me. My flesh became furry and my desires darker. Claws formed and this crazed creature was standing in my place threatening to replace me with its own control over me.”

When next he looked back up a softer sight was waiting to meet him. Dr. Foxfire’s entire demeanor somehow now radiated a calming aura that reached down into Gabriel’s core. He found the fury inside him that strained against him for release retreating to ease itself. It was like bathing in crystal clear water, or basking in the warm sun while a friendly breeze was blowing. 

Gabriel drank in the soothing serenity and paused for a long moment before he continued. His voice lowered into a hushed whisper when next he could find the words that waited for him to speak them. “I wasn’t sure that I was going to be able to regain control,” Gabriel admitted with a diminished degree of nervousness. ‘I was terrified that along with my body that my very soul had also been taken from me by that malevolent monster.”

“And yet, you now sit before me once more in control of your self,” Dr. Foxfire interrupted with professional precision. “What vile taint did this creature corrupt you with that allowed you to return to your senses? Hmm, how did you regain control if it has so completely taken everything you are from you?” 

The questions hung on the empty air for several silent minutes as Gabriel forced his self to consider them. Only a single answer kept presenting itself to his stumbling survey; he had forced his way back out. Through determination and focus he had managed to find something calming to ease his anger back out of control. 

“I focused myself to regain control,” Gabriel finally answered confidently. “I refused to allow that thing to take anything else from me. There is work left for me to finish and it is something that is worth me doing right. To give up or try to take the easy path wouldn’t be the right thing to do. My Grandfather taught me better than that, I am better than that.” Gabriel peered directly into the emerald enigmas that held him and matched them with his own piercing perception. 

Dr. Foxfire could read the fiery forged determination that those steely eyes declared. “I am not my father, Doc. And I refuse to lower myself to be compared with the likes of him or something as inhumane as that monster.” She had heard enough, and even more than that she had seen into him. What she found waiting her was a welcome relief, worthy of a trust she hadn’t found in a very long time. Now it was her turn to sigh deeply before she continued. 

“Well done, it is a rare enough thing to find someone capable of confronting such primal impulses,” the Doctor explained. “When I studied your test results at first it was a peculiar puzzle that presented itself. Your very genetic structure has been altered into something else. Now, naturally there are only a handful of explanations known to cause such a thing. But unofficially there are some lesser accepted things capable of affecting someone in such a manner.”

“What are you saying Doc,” Gabriel interrupted with an instant inquiry. “What do you mean by some unofficial explanation?” The simplest answer presented itself to support the Doctor’s case. It took the form of a bushy fox tail that jovially appeared behind her to swish about. “Does that answer your question?” She asked with a coy grin. Ironically Gabriel now found himself dumbfound and speechless stuttering to recover.

“I was born this way,” Dr. Foxfire continued. “Some might call me a Kitsune although others undoubtedly prefer the terms abomination, monster or demon. And while I have managed to keep my abnormal nature hidden for a very long time it has not been easy. It’s part of why I took up this duty on some quiet pioneer post. However your current condition is quite different I am afraid. Clearly you were not born this way; instead something has afflicted you with this altered existence. 

What should be of concern though is the fact that whatever attacked you is still on the loose. And I can say with some authority that until recently no similar suffering individual has been known to be residing on Gallu. If they were here I would have discovered them long before now. Instead we have an unknown threat that has appeared recently and whoever it is they seem completely comfortable reveling in their unleashed rage. If something isn’t done to stop them soon things are going to get worse.”

“How do you mean worse,” Gabriel asked with a growing measure of concern. He had witnessed first hand how dangerous this thing was, but he was certain that once it was known the authorities could deal with it. “While you so far are the sole survivor of an attack,” the Doctor replied reluctantly. “If this threat isn’t contained and quickly we face a growing one of not just this mysterious monster. Another like you could turn into a similar creature or we could contend with the creation of other nightmarish things.”

“Can’t the peace-keepers handle that thing,” Gabriel offered as an excuse to ease his fears. “Perhaps you should look inside yourself and consider the answer to that one,” Dr. Foxfire countered. “Fair enough,” he conceded as he realized that he couldn’t see a few peace-keepers stopping him with simple side-arms either. “What do you propose we do then?”

“Consider our options carefully,” the clever fox-tailed doctor confirmed. Gabriel had no real idea what options might be left for them to consider but at this point he still longed to be able to do something. But just like the start of any project he couldn’t refute the value of a carefully crafted plan. “Measure twice, cut once,” Gabriel agreed and waited to hear what options they had to choose from.


Episode 9

“We cannot sit idly by and allow more people to fall prey to this predator if we have the power to stop it,” Gabriel recited as he now paced about the room. Opposite from him Dr. Foxfire now sat in complete lady-like fashion, legs crossed neatly at the knee in her full fox-form. Her bushy tail still swished back and forth rhythmically while she clicked a clawed finger against her tilted chin. 

“Yes, I do agree completely,” she admitted quietly. “However, as you have already pointed out rather wonderfully; you have no intention of allowing yourself to become anything like our present threat. And I have worked for so long to maintain my own hidden nature I dare not risk my secret becoming known. If we are to stand against it without my direct guidance or your own fully unleashed primal might then we shall have to approach the matter with some kind of advantage.

Besides, if you were to attempt to challenge it now without knowing your own strength or it’s you would almost definitely not just be courting disaster – you would be opening yourself to blame from the populace. Consider it for yourself, what would the people of Gallu think if they saw more than one such creature roaming the streets at night?”

“Especially if one of them was also marked with metal,” Gabriel added regretfully. “You’re right, if I charge out there half cocked I am liable to just end up smashing myself instead of fixing anything. But if we don’t do something this thing will continue unchecked. And if either of us ends up being blamed we’ll see the inside of a dark cell. Then where will we be? There has to be a way to prove we aren’t the problem here. There has to be a way to earn our freedom and allow us to act to protect everyone!”

Clever contemplation seemed to grip Dr. Foxfire firmly in its embrace as she almost purred with satisfaction at herself. “One thing I haven’t informed you of yet; Chief Gnaeus has decreed that I am not to allow you out of my direct supervision or custody. He seems to think something more is going on and that there is more to you than we’re admitting.”

“No kidding,” Gabriel chided before gesturing an apology for interrupting and bowed for her to continue. “Be that as it may,” Dr. Foxfire emphasized her mild irritation at the interruption and then proceeded. “I also advised the Chief to step up night-time patrols as a security precaution and warn against unnecessary activity after dark. If I know old Gnaeus and his type nearly as well as I wager I do; I think it is a safe bet he will take the notion and run with it. We should be able to expect that he is already reviewing personnel records to form a special squad to hunt this thing. And if he is he will likely need someone with experience encountering it. He will also not want something he considers a possible security risk tucked away where he can’t keep a close eye on it. 

So we will kill two birds with a single paw,” Dr. Foxfire proudly professed. Gabriel found his head somewhat dizzy as he tried to follow this fox’s fuzzy logic. “How are you proposing we accomplish all that,” he prompted like a curious school-boy. “Simply,” Dr. Foxfire assured him. “All we have to do is offer your services in helping to identify the dangerous creature and agree to submit yourself into their custody as a probationary member of the civil-defense forces.”

“And what are we going to do when they discover that I go all fuzzy?” Gabriel exclaimed. He wasn’t sure he liked this idea very much at present. It was sounding more like insanity than genius. “We are going to tell them,” Dr. Foxfire added matter-of-factly. Before Gabriel could object further she took advantage of the momentary shock she knew the claim would purchase for her and charged forward.

“This other sinister shifter is going to continue to cause chaos no matter what. Once others start to report the nature of the threat there will be no hiding the fact that people will fear you as the sole surviving victim thus far. If we provide the truth, or a small seed thereof now we might control the eventual reactionary outcome. All we have to do is disclose to Chief Gnaeus that there have been some unexpected results of your recovery and then his suspicious will be placated for the time being. He may not trust you but if he has you where he can keep an eye on you he is less likely to decide to hunt you down as well. It will provide you the chance to help out. You will be under intense scrutiny but you’d be on a leash instead of in a cage, or worse.”

“I don’t know,” Gabriel remarked aloud. He had stopped his pacing and found himself starring up at the ceiling as his thoughts drifted about. What if they didn’t go for it? He could end up still locked away or executed as some despised monster. Chief Gnaeus had no reason to even consider allowing someone he already was suspicious of to become involved further. Wouldn’t he just assume that he was trying to manipulate matters directly or cover up his own guilt? 

A bleep from a small wall mounted terminal interrupted Gabriel’s introspection as it filled with the familiar face of his bartending buddy. Sebastian didn’t wait for any friendly greetings this time; he just jumped right into the message he needed to relay. “Apologies Gabe, I know you’re still recovering – although you are looking remarkably well! I dread being the one to deliver dour news but I knew you would want to hear this. Your crew recently stopped in for some renewed spirits, and I don’t know how to put this delicately. But I am afraid that the last job you guys were working on has been canceled. It seems the couple that hired you guys has vanished and the work site was trashed up pretty bad.”

“I am sorry man,” Sebastian apologized further. “I know how you feel about your handiwork and all, let alone a job left incomplete.” The news ripped into Gabriel like a sharp sliver and only a growl slipped out in response. It seemed he no longer had a choice left to him as the image of the boy was brightly burning behind his eyes. As the screen once more went dark Gabriel turned to face Dr. Foxfire once more. He found only a furious roar of rage communicating completely all he needed to say. 


Episode 10

Chief Gnaeus wasn’t the most well versed man when it came to advanced sciences or medical technology. He couldn’t tell you which end of a Nano-Med Injector was up, nor could he truly admit he understood everything Dr. Foxfire said half the time. But he had always been a man willing to trust his gut, it was something that had always seen him through many a dark moment. And right now it rolled with reservations. 

“I am afraid I have further news with which you might not enjoy hearing,” Dr. Foxfire began bluntly. “There have been complications regarding the wounded worker; Marcus Gabriel Vincent. Gabriel has begun to manifest an accelerated healing rate that exceeds anything I could have anticipated. I believe it is a combination of the experimental nanite treatment and some effect of the terrible trauma he has faced. In either case the end result is that Gabriel has been altered down to the genetic level. All my tests have been able to prove that he is in control of his faculties, Chief. And as the only known survivor of an attack from this thing I think he may be our only real hope at identifying this threat.”

The Chief allowed the good Doctor to plead her case completely before he even considered uttering a single syllable. This wasn’t the time for a snap judgment or a hasty decision. He had to consider everything carefully, and he certainly had to weight her remarks against his own instincts. And what they told him was that for everything he was being told there was a handful more tucked from view. 

It was like the stories he had been told as a child of these fabled clever conjurers who used to ply their trade to dazzle unsuspecting travelers with trickery. While you watched on at the marvels that mystified your eyes there was deft gestures that hid the truth from your view. That was at least in part what was happening here. He couldn’t pin Dr. Foxfire’s motivations down to being involved, blindly manipulated or just simply naïve but he was sure there was more to this. 

“Chief,” Dr. Foxfire called out to return his attention so that she might continue. “Gabriel has agreed to submit himself into your custody on a single condition. He has requested the opportunity to enlist into service for the night-patrol to help combat this threat. In exchange for this probationary chance he is willing to forgo his freedom and surrender his fate to your judgment willingly. If you deem him to be a threat liken to this midnight monster you may do with him as you please. All he asks is the chance to help hunt down the beast that has so maimed him and prevent it from harming others.”

Papers ruffled out of sight from the screen’s view as Chief Gnaeus referenced a handful of updated reports. Something had sparked in his mind that toyed its way around to connect several loose dots of thought that demanded to be put together. “Ah, yes,” Gnaeus finally purred victoriously. “Does this have anything to do with the recent news of your patient’s previous employer vanishing like some of the others? Or perhaps the violently vandalized work site he was last seen at before this fabled attack made by some fictional furry fiend?”

Before Dr. Foxfire could address the matter Gabriel stepped into view himself to answer Chief Gnaeus’s implied accusations. He couldn’t let the Doc fight all his battles for him; it was time he stood up for himself. Besides, if he didn’t do something to face the matter he feared his own frustrations might betray him to his already building furious frenzy once again. 

“Forgive my frankness, sir,” Gabriel pleaded ingratiatingly. “I know I have no right to ask for your trust or to beg for any measure of your consideration. These strange events are your responsibility to resolve, and you have a duty to do so. I also understand how my own claims must sound, especially as the only person claiming to have survived this bizarre business. But be that as it may; that was my handiwork at that job site that was destroyed. You can ask anyone who ever worked with me or whom I did even a trivial task for – I take pride in my work, I could never willingly dirty my reputation by destroying something I crafted. 

Please, sir; give me the chance to help. If not for me to clear my name then at least let me avenge the other victims who fell before this beast. Once everyone is safe once more then I will willingly share the creature’s fate if you so decide. But for their sake let me help, if there is even a single chance this bent nail might be driven in straight to be of some use.”

“You are the grandson of Thael Vincent, are you not?” Chief Gnaeus inquired with a raised inquisitive eyebrow. Craftsman Thael was a common name among the older residents of Gallu; there were incredibly few who didn’t know the name let alone the respectable reputation he had commanded. With Thael there was never a flicker of doubt with the degree of quality from the skilled master craftsman when you brought a task to his work table. 

But if his memory hadn’t failed him yet completely Thael had had a son who was as far a cry from his own lofty ideals as ever there could have been. Whatever became of him was a blur at present but he did recall vaguely that Thael had been forced to take in and care for a grandson. Something about the child’s mother falling terribly ill; the whole matter had been a saddening shame. The old master had been in the twilight of his years and he had been pressed into caring for those of his kin that should have been the ones in role reversed. 

“I am,” Gabriel confirmed proudly with only a slight glimpse of grief hinted in his tone. If this boy truly was the blood-kin of Thael himself and raised likewise by the man then there was at least the chance he inherited his fore-bearers character. For that reason alone he decided he would grant him the consideration he requested. 

“Thael Vincent was a respected and admittedly great man,” Chief Gnaeus declared easily. “I knew him well and never once found a single reason to think badly of him. In his memory and for the sake of his good name I will give you the opportunity to prove you are made of similar stuff. And for your own sake I pray that you took his teachings to heart.”

Old wounds threatened to tear themselves open inside Gabriel as his grandfather’s name brought with it painful memories. Thoughts of his ill mother and her struggle, of the long nights filled with tears. But worst of all was the empty space where his father should have been. The knowledge that his grandfather was toiling endlessly each day in his place and continuing to do so every night when he should have been able to enjoy the rest he so richly had earned. He had wanted so badly to be able to do more, to ease the burden then but he was just a child. There was nothing he could do then, and even less he could understand at the time. 

But now he could appreciate the matter, now he could understand what his grandfather had said back then. The words drifted from his memories to find their way into his waiting mouth. “If a job is worth doing then it is worth doing right, and you never leave a job left undone,” Gabriel recited. “Thank you Chief, for giving me the chance to finish this job and I can assure I will not disappoint.” 

For a second, Gnaeus had to admit that this boy almost sounded every measure of the man his grandfather had been. Only time would tell for certain though. 


Episode 11

“I believe this is yours,” Chief Gnaeus held out a still slightly horror-stained hammer offered to Gabriel’s waiting hand. He found his grip longingly reaching for the missed embrace of his crafting companion. It did indeed feel so good to finally wrap his fingers around his forged friend. “Thank you,” Gabriel gratefully admitted his appreciation for the return of his treasured tool.

“It was recovered from the site of your attack; I thought you should see it returned to you when I heard you were going to recover.” The chief seemed like a decent enough man, Gabriel thought but something else was moving beneath the surface of the man’s eyes. Like fish in water he couldn’t pinpoint it but he knew there was more at play here than just respectfully returned tools. 

“However, let’s get one thing clear here and now. You can carry your hammer with you. I have no complaints on the matter, in fact I would rather you had it with you so that you might defend yourself should it become necessary. But you are not to be given any other arms. Is that understood?” 

Gabriel’s eyebrow rose slightly at the implied notion; he was going to be expected to help hunt a vicious monster, and he was being asked to do so with only a hammer to defend himself. Doubtless the other officers would be armed with their own weapons; it was they who were expected to fight the real battle. Gabriel was just supposed to tag along and point out the unknown creature or provide any insight he might. But he wasn’t about to be trusted as an armed combatant in this endeavor. 

In a way Gabriel couldn’t really blame the Chief, I mean it was a bizarre story and he was under suspicion already. An itching impulsive instinct still begged at release inside him. It reminded him that even with only a hammer he could be more of a match for what they would hunt than anything the authorities planned to send out. Even if they didn’t know full well the primal potential he was keeping in check. 

“Fair enough,” Gabriel bowed his head without objection and hefted his hammer reminding himself of its presence. “All I asked was a chance to help end this nightmare before others shares my fate, if I can. This is more than enough, thank you,” he added and held his stained hammer aloft. 

“Now that that is settled, let’s introduce you to the newly assigned Night-Watch Squad,” Chief Gnaeus declared, an official tone edging into his voice. “Send them in,” the grizzled old veteran commanded his desk and the door slid open in response. A pair of patrol uniformed officers stepped into the room dutifully and stood at attention to await the Chief’s orders. They were and odd combination Gabriel thought as he took them in.

Standing tall almost regal was the slim and trim figure of a young lady. However where she clearly had been born to the gender she had molded herself into something more. Every inch of her body was tightly toned and conditioned. Heel to head each muscle was as sleek as her raven colored hair, which was just playfully long enough to be feminine while being efficiently short enough for an active lifestyle. This lady, Gabriel was certain must work out a lot. But even as dedicated to her physique as she must be he studied her eyes, they were a deep azure held behind small round glasses, and found behind them hinted a keen intellect. There was more to this one then met even his sharp gaze.

Next to her was a slight figure by comparison; a young man who had to barely be into his twenties by Gabriel’s estimation. He had a shortly cropped head of platinum blond hair and his face held a weak smile that threatened to fall any minute. Surely this mousy little man hadn’t volunteered for the assignment? Had he? Where the other officer beside him looked quite capable of confidently charging into a dark alley to confront an unknown creature, Gabriel questioned weather this one could even step outside after dark. 

“Allow me to introduce Oliver Novius and Vedia Corvan. Officer Novius just graduated from his training program and all his tests mark him as a qualified officer. And Officer Corvan here is one of our most well read acting officers. She actually volunteered for this assignment,” Chief Gnaeus explained thoughtfully. “Thought so,” Gabriel added quietly with a chuckle. 

“Excuse me,” the Chief interrupted Gabriel with a snapped stare. “Oh, nothing, never mind Chief,” he politely apologized and bid the Chief to continue. “Where was I? Oh, yes; Officers Novius and Corvan, I would like to introduce you to a civilian who will be joining you on patrol in a probationary capacity. His name is Gabriel Vincent and he will be bringing with him a unique experience that may prove valuable in your task. However, you are to under no circumstance leave him unsupervised, or allow him to take up arms. Report any unusual behavior or suspicious activity made by Mr. Vincent directly to me. He is allowed the use of his hammer for self defense only. His job is to advise and identify, that is all! Understood?”

Both officers quickly answered with a unified chorus of ‘yes sir’ before the Chief declared introductions over with. It would be dusk soon and he wanted his newly assigned Night-Watch Squad ready to get active for their first official patrol. But before anyone left the room Gabriel found two new pair of eyes that refused to leave his general direction for a moment. It made him want to curse Sebastian’s name as he decided that perhaps his old friend had made a good point about people ready to point blame his way as the easier target. This was bound to be a long night, and anything but easy. He hoped in some regards it would be uneventful but for everyone else’s sake he prayed it was anything but. No matter where it might leave him standing.


Episode 12

“It isn’t fully dark just yet,” Oliver squeaked as they geared up for their first patrol. “Technically speaking our mandated assignment doesn’t say that we must actually begin our duty until nightfall. Can’t we just wait until then, or perhaps take a bit to observe and plan from here first?” Oliver Novius had never quite been comfortable with the idea of being out after dark. And he liked the concept far less now that he had orders to go out there and seek out monsters. 

How on all of Gallu had he managed to draw the short lot for this assignment anyways? He had just graduated from the prep program and all he expected was to be assigned to a desk or something safe. Somehow he was being issued full patrol and combat gear instead. For some crazy reason he was being asked to march out into the darkness and fight something that shouldn’t exist. The whole thing was all together terrifying. And to make matters worse he was being asked to escort a man that everyone whispered might just be the monster himself. 

“Don’t cite technicality to excuse your own fears,” Vedia advised in her own cool analytical tone. She seemed so caught up in checking her equipment that he almost didn’t think she had even been paying attention. As she holstered her sidearm and began to clasp a series of buckles on her standard issue Arete Fidei reinforced jacket she continued her commentary. 

“Because if you want to address the nature of our directive it specifies quite clearly that we are to be ready to see to our duty before our designated patrol begins. As such we are required to be suited up and on the streets prior to nightfall. Furthermore, if we are being thorough in our in-depth review here I could point out a number of other points that all re-emphasize the fact that should we show any disregard for our duty we could face official reprimand.”

Officer Corvan raised her head to level her attention back at Oliver who made no attempt to hide the fact as he tried to swallow the building lump from his throat. “We will see to our assignment, we will complete it and everyone will sleep better. I don’t think you want to face the Chief’s disciplinary procedures; much less what may happen if whatever this is gets worse when we could have stopped it. Do you?” 

“No ma’am,” Oliver admitted more than just a little ashamed of himself. “What about you, aren’t you scared to go back out there after what happened to you? Gabriel was it, or do you prefer Mr. Vincent?” So far the shiny armed man had remained silent as they prepared. He couldn’t imagine what must be going through the man’s mind right now. Nor did he want to try; the idea of having to face anything with nothing more than a hammer to protect yourself with was suicide if you asked him. 

“Every task I take I take seriously and with the understanding that I will see it through to the best of my ability,” Gabriel explained. “I have lost more to this monster than anyone ever should have had to endure and if my service can spare even a single soul such pain then I think it will be worth it. You might say that I worry about what will happen to others if we fail but no, I am not really afraid for myself. It has already done its worst to me. Now it is my job to help see that it is repaid in kind.”

Vedia made it a point to observe this Gabriel very closely as he spoke. She noted everything he said as if she was back in class and logged the words to memory. If they were ordered to keep this man under surveillance then there had to be good reason. Especially if he wasn’t to be permitted anything other than a simple hammer; the man had to be considered dangerous somehow. This was her big chance to prove herself; she was going to do everything in her power to make sure that she did just that. Rumors or not, Vedia was not about to let some builder try and mess this up for her. 

“What can we expect if we encounter this creature and engage it?” Vedia allowed her question to be tossed out casually while she watched Gabriel and waited for his answer. She wanted to see just what he could actually tell them, if anything. And even more importantly she just couldn’t stand not knowing about something. Officer Corvan had spent countless hours examining any volume of records or data she could come across. She adored reading up on and studying anything she discovered that she didn’t know about. Vedia desperately longed for more information that she might be able to use to explain things or that might lead her to something new she could research. 

Gabriel looked at the time to try to redirect his thoughts, it would be dark soon and already he could feel himself growing restless. He tried to carefully order his thoughts and choose just how to answer her probe. Closing his eyes he took in a deep breath to steady himself and allowed his hand to brush the handle of his hammer dangling at his hip. 

“It came at me from behind in a full run,” he recalled the grizzly events aloud and tried to describe the details as best as he could. “The thing approached me on all fours before rising to stand on its hind legs and attacked with its arms. Most of my memory is still not clear I am afraid, but I can tell you that its claws can cleave flesh easily and its teeth can snap through bones. I think I lost my arm by trying to defend myself from a blow, but I just can’t remember. If it gets in close, and this thing moved quicker than you will expect, I would say it is a safe bet that your armor will do little to stop it. Your best bet will be to put it down as fast as you can before it can close in on you.”

“Duly noted,” Vedia acknowledged with a quick nod. “Let’s begin our patrol gentlemen.” Without waiting for any further objections from Oliver, Vedia marched out the door in a briskly measured pace. “Well she is all business isn’t she,” Gabriel remarked softly under his breath before he moved to follow suit. Oliver’s hand was still trembling as he patted his weapon to remind him it was there before he could bring himself to go through the door himself. In the back of his mind all he kept thinking was one thing; ‘I’m a dead man.’ He didn’t want to believe Gabriel’s account; he wanted this all to be some elaborate misunderstanding. But the thought of it even possibly being true still scared him to the core. And right now he was certain that he would never live to see the dawn again. 


Episode 13

As the three of them moved in a cautiously systematic circuit of the streets they each gratefully made note of an increased emptiness therein. At first they could each detect a handful of people occasionally rushing to return indoors from whatever task had kept them out. But with each passing breath such sights grew more and more rare. Within barely the first hour of their patrol everything had changed to make the pathways of Gallu resemble something dead. 

It was the kind of environment that could make even the bravest hearted of men falter in fear. Imagination easily lent itself to the growing gloom to run amuck with mischief. Oliver couldn’t understand how both Gabriel and Vedia could seem so cool right now. The craftsman seemed to be carrying himself like it was just another day on the job for him. And Vedia herself seemed oddly distant, almost like she was so focused on matters that he couldn’t be certain she knew they were even with her. 

Passing by a particularly foul smelling waste receptacle a strange sound caught at their attention and Vedia held her hand high to call for a halt. “Cover me,” she commanded quietly with her weapon drawn and trained on the odorous object. “I don’t think the beast we seek would be found skulking in the trash, it couldn’t fit in there,” Gabriel objected openly. But Vedia continued her approach with calculated careful steps. “We investigate everything,” she countered grimly.

Oliver once more asked himself inwardly why he had found himself in this position as he shakily drew his own weapon. The noise seemed to him to be likening to a scraping or scrabbling sound that didn’t ease his nerves in the least.  As Vedia reached with her open hand to ease the lid up he found his breath held tightly in his chest and his pulse beginning to drum in his head. 

Everything slowed to crawl for Oliver, Vedia held the lid aloft for what seemed like forever before she craned her neck to look inside. At first he hadn’t realized the sound from inside the bulging bin had ceased. But then the world around him exploded with motion. Something flew out from the opened lid like lightning to race past Vedia and Gabriel both. It cut close enough by Oliver that he thought he felt something fuzzy brush his pants leg to disappear behind him. 

Panic grabbed at him like a leash and his mind quickly called up parts of what Gabriel had described before they had walked out to confront the night. The phantasm of a furry monster somewhere behind him was all of an imagined image he needed to completely shatter what little courage he had mustered. With his head spinning his fear seized him and drove him into a full run that led him at random to seek some manner of safety. In his flight he found a street lamp that still burned at the back corner of an alleyway. Panting he held his gun out to search for a target and tried desperately to recover his senses. 

“What am I doing,” Oliver whimpered to himself in the shelter of the lamp light. “I just ran away from the rest of my squad and for what? Some stray pet? By all the stars in the sky I am a coward!” As Oliver wrestled with his own guilt Vedia and Gabriel had already set themselves to find their jumpy companion.

“Let’s locate the fool quickly,” Vedia remarked as she turned from the now silent storage unit. “It isn’t wise for us to separate our forces out here. We need to consolidate our power to ensure our own safety and the success of our mission.” Gabriel stepped forward to take the lead and after sniffing the wind motioned towards an alleyway in the distance. “I think he went that way,” he offered. “Aren’t you worried about the poor boy though,” he had to ask as they started to pursue their peer. 

“I mean this can’t exactly be easy for anyone, let alone someone fresh to the force.” Vedia followed Gabriel’s lead with a peculiar sense of curiosity at how he seemed to know precisely which direction Oliver had gone when neither of them had seen his exit. She could care less about the scared scrap’s feelings; if he jeopardized the squad again they could all be dead or worse, reprimanded.  Vedia could never live with a blemish like that on her record. 

“There is the little guy,” Gabriel pointed out the trembling figure of Oliver standing at the rear of the alleyway. “Don’t be too hard on him Officer Corvan, before we are through it could be any one of us in his shoes.” Oliver lowered his weapon at the sight of his fellow squad members approaching and started to hang his head in shame. “I’m so sorry,” he instantly began to plead.

But when he rose his head to look up once more there was something faint moving behind his companions. It had to be his imagination again; he couldn’t let it keep tricking him he decided. And yet as Gabriel closed to stand before him with Vedia right behind the lamps light cast the thing in the dim edge of its illumination. It was no fur covered beast but instead moved like some horrid semblance of a man. A sickening wave of nausea was carried to him by the night time breeze that quickly made him realize this was anything but his imagination.

“Look out!” Oliver advised as he steadied his aim and loosed a blast from his firearm. The shot was carried past the others to slam home perfectly into the things shoulder with a wet crunch. Still the creature continued to come towards them. As it passed into the light he could make out clearer now that this was no living person, but instead looked more like something dead. Its skin had the stretched pallor of something decayed with parts of its flesh even absent.

Gabriel spun to face the foul presence and immediately found the Doc’s warning understood. This must be what she had meant by other nightmarish things that could be unleashed if nobody acted to stop the creature. He could feel his own anger rising as Vedia took aim and fired off a volley as well to no effect. The results of her offensive puzzled her as she tried to make sense of how the thing still moved after being shot. 

The thought of being seen by the others never even crossed his mind as Gabriel fed on his inner fury and allowed it to sweep through him. He was not about to stand by and watch as they fell victim to some foul monster. With a mighty roar he declared his defiant challenge to the thing and stepped forward. 

“Stay behind me,” Gabriel suggested with a snarl. “This could get ugly.” As they watched on a beast of reddish brown fur and shinning metal stepped forward in the moonlight to confront the oncoming horror. 


Episode 14

The corpse like creature standing before him sickened Gabriel; it was an insult to him that he felt deep inside. It was little more than a ghastly refugee of the grave, an abomination never meant to still walk the world. And yet, here it stood reaching out with bare boned fingers that begged to tear into anything within reach. The previous piercing projectiles didn’t seem to prompt any response from the thing. It was almost like it hadn’t even noticed the damage.

Inwardly Gabriel cursed the fact that he hadn’t had the foresight to ask Dr. Foxfire more of the particulars about the dangers she had mentioned as a warning. If bullets didn’t look like they had an effect then what was he going to do? He looked to his ready right hand as it held his waiting hammer reflexively. The marred metal mallet had served him well on countless jobs he knew it wouldn’t let him down. But as another wave of rage ripped through him he struggled to maintain control. He was facing something out of nightmare with only his hammer in one hand and his other ending in claws. 

There wasn’t enough time to second guess his decisions anymore, he had to act. The creature was right in front of him now and its eyes were squarely trained on the people behind Gabriel. Anger insisted that he was not about to allow this thing to get past him. Not this cruel mockery of life, it was going to pay dearly for even trying.

A baleful moan began inside the hideous horror that built until it escaped from its opened maw. With jagged remnants of what had once been teeth exposed a shriek exploded upon the air around them. It cast itself outward bringing with it a cascade of terror that rippled all around Gabriel. His fiery temper rattled against it and he howled in response to the perceived offensive gesture. A simple cry was not about to cower him to this thing. 

But behind him he could already hear the wailing cries and whimpering sobs. He could even smell a faint scent of something like ammonia, and instantly he understood. This thing made use of fear; it capitalized on it to cripple its victims. And for Gabriel that was the final straw as he allowed his fury to flare until it threatened to color his vision in crimson. 

He surrendered a part himself to his primal instincts and found his body responding rapidly. A hammer blow hit solidly to smash the things left shoulder in a crackling crunch as bones shattered in answer. Still the thing drove itself forward with a lurch that longed to reach the promise of prey. His left hand slashed to slice its way across its chest and then jerked to rip its way downward. The semi-rotten flesh failed to resist being separated and fell to the ground with a released stench. 

With his assault proving effective Gabriel seized on the rising thrill that drummed itself into life and redoubled his offensive. His hammer drove itself into his foe over and over driving it back in a series of slams. Every step backwards was punctuated with a piercing punch that rent the creature with his claws. Each evisceration delighted his darker desires until he realized the foul foe had fallen before him to become lifeless. 

Every part of Gabriel screamed to tear his prey to pieces, to completely repay its challenge against him with nothing less than oblivion. But a subtle chord tugged at him, reminded him that he had sworn to reign himself in, to maintain control. He had to concentrate on that thought at first until he slowly felt his rage subsiding. It took a few minutes at first but as they passed Gabriel could feel his shape shifting to return him back into the familiar form of a metal-armed man. 

As Gabriel struggled to slow his breathing back down from it’s previous panting pace that accompanied the shocking surge of adrenaline he looked back to check on the officers. Both had managed to pull themselves together enough to stand once more. Oliver obviously was still trying to mask how shaken he still was by everything while Vedia almost looked unaffected. But as Gabriel turned to approach them he found a waiting muzzle pointed in his direction. 

“What precisely was that thing,” Vedia demanded instantly. “That creature doesn’t match your description at all. And furthermore, what manner of game are you playing at monster? Huh, did you plan on luring us out here with some story using your own description to trick us until you could pick us off? Is this some sick plot to slaughter the only defensive forces on Gallu who could stop you?” 

Each question increased in volume and emphasis until Vedia was near yelling. Her gun barely twitched as she launched herself to implore Gabriel for some kind of explanation. They had just watched him transform into some fur and metal monster man that tore another creature to pieces. If he wasn’t behind what was happening then what was? A part of Vedia coldly calculated every observation she had made up until now. How he had stepped forward to shield them and even faced the foul creature to protect them. Could a monster have done that? Would a vile villain take such an act just to slaughter them later? It didn’t seem likely. 

Gabriel’s mind spun as he tried to form some kind of explanation to ease their fears, but nothing came to him. All he could do was raise his empty hands apologetically as he stepped towards them and hope he could show them he meant no harm to them. But as he stepped forward he saw a brief flash and heard Vedia’s gun bark as something slipped into his ribs to burn briefly. 

“You shot me,” he said still shocked by the response. He could feel the wound already closing physically but the revelation of distrust still lingered like a phantom pain.  


Episode 15

“What happened out there,” Chief Gnaeus bellowed from behind his desk. He had risen from his chair to pace back and forth with a face that was turning redder and redder. “I want to know everything, full debrief; immediately,” the furious Chief ordered as he slammed forward to support himself on his palms against the desk. A scattering swarm of papers flew everywhere at the sudden and violent act in protest. 

Officer Corvan was the first to respond in a calm, cool, and collected manner. She trained her eyes directly forward and kept her composure as casual and relaxed as she could. “Mr. Vincent has been confined to a detention cell presently,” Vedia began as she started to deliver her report. Oliver sat quietly at her left and made sure to remain as silent as he could. The Chief’s ire was terrifying to him, and at present he wrestled with weighing which had been more frightening – the Chief or the creature out there. Right now he was leaning towards the Chief.

“Our patrol began without incident at first. We made our way in a wide circuit that directed us inwards to survey the outer streets and then we systematically moved from block to block. The squad made its initial foray out and Mr. Vincent provided us his own intelligence with regards to his experience with his own encounter. However the information proved to be somewhat lacking in tactical value.”

Pausing to look directly at the Chief Vedia dropped some of her usual reserved demeanor to address him personally. “I cannot explain what happened next, sir. I have no real answers for you, but I have to warn you that my report, while accurate and true, is going to be anything but believable. Officer Novius and I were caught from behind by some walking abomination. It bore the resemblance of a recently dead victim but it moved as if it was still alive. The creature came at us as if to attack and Officer Novius declared a warning and then opened fire to no effect. I then engaged the enemy as well and counted all shots hit true to their marks. Nothing stopped the thing, it didn’t even register that we had shot it.

And furthermore, sir; it screamed at us. I can’t quantify it in anyway that makes sense. But it opened its horrid mouth and shrieked at us in a way that left us frozen with fear. If not for the actions of Mr. Vincent then we would both be dead, Chief.” Gnaeus’s patience was wearing dangerously thin and he had just about enough of this prancing around the point. “Then why is this supposed savior of yours locked up in one of my cells?” Chief Gnaeus begged his two officers to explain.

This time it was the rookie who responded with a squeaked answer. “He’s a monster, s-sir!” Was he hearing things? Did this pup just try to tell his superior that they had went out to face some fictional fuzzy threat and returned to declare that not only did they run into some walking dead thing but that their only witness was a monster himself? What in all the New Republic was he being forced to deal with here? Was everyone going mad?

“You best explain yourself, and fast,” Chief Gnaeus warned with a snap. He had already decided he wasn’t about to wait overly long to listen any further to these two. “Officer Novius is correct, sir,” Vedia agreed. “As I already stated our own weapons weren’t working, Mr. Vincent was between us and the creature. He protected us, sir; Gabriel faced the monster himself and fought to keep us from its grasp. But when he did so he changed, sir, he isn’t normal. However I can’t quite bring myself to say he is a monster either – he’s something else. 

We watched him transform in the moonlight, he became some kind of half-man half beast. Where our weapons failed he succeeded with just a hammer and his bare hands. He drove the creature back from us and tore it to pieces while we were helpless. Without Gabriel we would never have made it back alive.”

“I see,” Chief Gnaeus acknowledged as he tried to digest the peculiar report. “So you are willing to stand by this incident report then, as your own factual interpretation of events? You’re willing to swear by this as a complete and truthful record?” “I am,” Vedia nodded concisely. When the Chief’s eyes moved to focus on Oliver he found himself nervously only able to stutter a “Y-y-yes s-s-sir,” as well.  

The Chief’s chair groaned with a slight creak as he allowed it to catch him with its weathered frame. This was all too much to take in and he still wasn’t sure how much of it all to believe. He was going to need some time to make sense of everything but time was becoming a precious commodity that he didn’t think he could afford to waste. “Dismissed,” he said with a weary sigh as he covered his eyes with a hand and hoped that something that made sense might present itself. 

Both officers rose to make their exit but as they approached the doorway Chief Gnaeus stopped them for one last word. “Corvan, inform Dr. Foxfire that she may examine our guest. She has been hounding me about the matter since you lot returned. And in the meantime, while I try to make a decision about all this I want you to use what you know to inspect our inventory for anything that might prove more effective. I am not saying I believe your story completely, or that you two won’t be sharing a cell yourselves. But if I send anyone back out at dusk to face these things I need some options. And while much of what you report is somewhat out of place for you I don’t doubt your evaluation of the tactical implications. Get on it and get what rest you can, there are only so many hours of daylight available to us.”

♦♦♦

Gabriel despised being confined to such a small space. Even if a part of him could understand the reaction the majority of him rallied against being treated so suspiciously. He knew that he had agreed to surrender himself completely to the Chief’s judgment and mercy. But he had hoped that just maybe the Chief would prove to be a little more trusting. In a way he supposed he shouldn’t have been so surprised.

But when the sharp crisp tone of a guard outside ordered him to stand back and announced he had a visitor, saying he was surprised was an understatement. Obediently Gabriel immediately took two steps back to brace his back against the rear wall of his tiny confines and kept his hands visible. He wasn’t about to give them even a single reason to condemn him any further. Even if it might feel rewarding to show them just how easily he could have overpowered his jailors. 

It was an overwhelming relief when none other than Dr. Foxfire slipped through the opened portal to greet him. She wore her white long coat and her manner was every bit the detached local doctor that everyone had come to expect. Even though Gabriel had come to know better, he patiently waited for the doorway to reseal before he allowed himself to ask any of the number of things he desperately desired to know. 

For the first few minutes Dr. Foxfire focused herself on a series of routine scans and evaluations using a handful of various devices she had been allowed to bring in with her. And then, just before Gabriel thought he could hold back no longer she whispered the simple words he welcomed completely. “We need to talk.” He couldn’t agree more. 


Episode 16

“I need to know what happened, I need to know everything,” Dr. Foxfire insisted immediately. A jade fire burned behind her eyes and there was intensity to it that Gabriel could fathom. Where his own fury drove him to fight, the Doc’s must fiercely force her to engage her curiosity and compelled her to test her mind. He could appreciate just how powerful that instinctive need could be, and he wasn’t about to be seen as an obstacle to her answers.

“Whoa there sunshine,” Gabriel chuckled as he rubbed his head with his right hand only to flinch at the still awkward sensation. “They shot me Doc; those officers actually shot me after I risked my neck for them!” Without missing a single beat Dr. Foxfire interrupted Gabriel with a lightning fast question that struck surgically to the heart of the matter. “They witnessed you shift didn’t they?” 

The simple query was enough to deflate Gabriel without another word. He lowered his head and took a breath before answering even though they both already knew the truth. “Yes,” he admitted mildly, the word hung in his throat thickly. “Then you got off lucky,” the Doc pointed out. “Because the more likely outcome of the situation could have been far worse, your wounds will heal rapidly. But even you are not immortal or invulnerable.” With a slight jerk of her neck Dr. Foxfire redoubled her focus back to her original course of questioning and cast aside the current avenue of conversation.

“Again, tell me what happened. I need to know what you came across!” When Gabriel returned her driven stare he found it even far more engulfing than before. It actually gave him pause to collect his thoughts before speaking again. He could face down another monster or three in a darkened alley before he would rather submit himself to her interrogating gaze much longer. 

“Alright,” Gabriel relented with closed eyes and his hands held up to plead for a moment. “We started out the patrol with nothing really of note at first. The officers noticed something unidentified in a trash bin and went to investigate. I advised them that our quarry was far too large to be found in the garbage but they were already keyed up enough to be suspicious of anything. The rookie got spooked and fled, forcing us to track him down. When we found him he was down this alleyway terrified like some child hoping the street lamp would protect him from the things of the dark. 

It was then that we encountered the monster. The thing came at us from behind but it wasn’t anything like what attacked me Doc. This creature reeked of death to me, and it seemed determined to get its bony claws on the two officers. It screamed some horrible sound that petrified both the officers with fear and only managed to enrage me further. What was that thing Doc?”

When Gabriel had finally recounted most of the details of what had happened it was Dr. Foxfire’s turn to explain a few things. Things were progressing fast enough that she needed Gabriel to understand more of what they were facing if they were going to have any chance of combating it. She still wasn’t sure how the Chief would react to the news of Gabriel’s unnatural nature, but if he decided to put any faith or value in his behavior they would have to be ready. 

“They are typically referred to as revenants, and by and large they are an unsavory lot. The creature that attacked you is what you might call a breed of shifter. There are others, each different but bearing some similar traits. Among some of them is the unique characteristic that is responsible for your own altered existence. You see, because of my own actions to preserve your life I managed to also give the same transmitted traits the opportunity to reshape you. If you had slipped further from the land of the living the process could have potentially gripped you in a different way and produced a revenant. 

Either result isn’t exactly a common outcome from an attack; there is any number of variables to factor in. But the short answer is that usually a victim is consumed enough that there isn’t enough tissue left for the process to even take hold. However our new sinister savage isn’t hunting for food anymore. Now it appears they are moving to engage prey for sport or pleasure. The more victims it attacks in this way the odds increase that they will not be consumed, but instead merely mauled until they lose interest. 

If revenants are being created they will seek out any sources of flesh to feast upon and attempt to sate their appetite for vengeance. A revenant will only feel the motivation to slaughter as it was so slaughtered until they can destroy the source of their unnatural life. They will not know fear or pain, there will be no reasoning with them. You will have to shred them to pieces or cause severe trauma to their body to do enough damage to destroy them. In short of completely devastating their body to oblivion you aren’t likely to kill them. They like the creature who created them will be susceptible to your natural weapons along with some more primal methods like fire for example, and believe it or not some materials are specifically effective. 

But the one major thing to consider here is that every night we run the risk of more revenants being brought violently to life. And not only that, like I already warned; we also face the chance that other shifters could be created like you.”

“You really are just an endless delivery of good news and smiles, aren’t you?” Gabriel added sarcastically. “Don’t forget though,” Dr. Foxfire responded sternly. “Once you find the creature responsible you will have to fight it with everything you have. It will be comfortable with its form, it will be as fast as you are and just as strong. Both of you will heal rapidly from most wounds but each of you will find the sting of your claws and teeth doubly effective. You will have to be careful, because chances are that no one will be able to help you.”

♦♦♦

Instead of a beep from his desk the Chief was alerted to a frantic-paced knock upon his door urging him to answer immediately. “What in a blasted black hole is it?” Gnaeus demanded through a headache that was irritating him to no end. He didn’t have the patience left for these distractions. When the door slid open a panting figure was standing there leaning on the edge of the opening and shoved a handful of crumpled papers his way. 

“You need to see this, sir,” he offered raggedly.  More grim news awaited Chief Gnaeus as he scanned over the incoming reports. There was an increased number of missing or deceased that pushed his stress level through the roof. He was out of options; he would have to send Gabriel and the others out again tonight. They had already dealt with one creature perhaps another outing would provide better results. Whatever he did he had to do it quickly before the Magistrate Council decided to get involved. Something told Gnaeus that if things managed to spiral any worse and he would find himself squarely in the crosshairs of blame by the Council. They would have his head for sure and there was no question about the matter.

Perhaps this handyman had it in him to use this curse of his for their benefit, at least for now. They could always deal with him later, after this emergency. But for now they just might need him. 


Episode 17

The armory was proving to be one disappointment after another as Vedia combed through every potential resource they had available. Their standard issue pulse pistols had been found to be a complete waste in their last encounter, and most everything else was looking to stack up likewise. Why couldn’t they have even a few pieces of powered armor around here, or even a light mecha or two? Some armor plated firepower sure would be a welcomed sight right about now. 

Instead Vedia was only finding riot staffs, stun grenades and other common gear. Not one single weapon that would be of any more help in their task than their sidearm’s already proven insufficient firepower. Vedia kept replaying the events in her head and looked for anything that she could use. Their projectiles had pierced the target easily enough but to no effect. It hadn’t felt any pain nor did it have blood to lose. However when Gabriel had stepped in his claws had shredded the creature like it was made of paper. Its flesh could be torn to pieces and indeed destroyed. But it had taken the furry fighter time to rend it to ruin before it fell before him. Perhaps if they could inflict damage on a more massive scale they could provide a similar result.

Vedia cursed her own weakness in the field; she had failed them with her own lack of tactical judgment in the face of their adversary. She had also walked out into a dangerous situation without a more effective arsenal of options to draw upon. Never again, Vedia swore as she redoubled her efforts. Where had Oliver gotten off to again anyways? The rookie had offered to help her in her hunt for more potent weapons. But now he was nowhere to be seen. 

“Don’t tell me you have decided to run off and hide again Novius,” Vedia warned as she turned to look for her fellow squad member.  Instead of focusing on where he might have gone to search for further gear she decided it wiser to direct her attention to areas of the armory that were isolated or out of sight. “The impound section,” Vedia declared to herself with a grimace.

As expected she found the phobic patrolman nestled into a nook with the sounds of what could only be sobbing. Her nerve was already failing her before she could even approach her apprehensive peer. The sight stripped her of every agitated word she had considered loosing his way. 

“Come on, Oliver, everyone has trouble their first time out,” Vedia tried to console him but instead she discovered she didn’t really even know what to say. “You have to forgive yourself; the Chief is counting on us. We have seen one of these things; you and I know what they can do. It is up to us to come up with some way of fighting them before nightfall.”

“Why,” Oliver spat the question out at her like a bullet, catching her completely off guard. “I would just end up running away again like the coward I am. I’m not cut out for this Vedia; I’ll just let everyone down and probably get you killed.” As Oliver confessed his own self doubts it was Vedia who seized on a singular notion with which to object to the matter.

“Who was it that spotted the monster first,” she asked simply. “Which one of us was it that fired off the first shots only after issuing us a warning? It was you, Oliver, you did that. So you were a little jumpy at first, this isn’t exactly the kind of thing they train you for in the program. But when we were facing that creature you did your duty and again during the report you backed me up. You could have told the Chief everything that was omitted but you didn’t. I wasn’t exactly perfect out there either you know. I marched us out there with complete disregard for any backup gear or for the squad.”

Vedia reached out with her hand to awkwardly place it upon Oliver’s still trembling shoulder. “We all deserve a second chance, and Gallu is going to need its Night-Watch Squad. So what do you say Officer Novius, you willing to help me give it another shot?” With a sniffle Oliver wiped at his nose briefly before he could nod his head in agreement. “I suppose I could give it a chance, but we are never going to find that kind of firepower in here. Vedia, you are talking about some heavy artillery and we’re just a backwater world. We don’t have access to that sort of stuff.”

“Actually,” Vedia interrupted with an upturned finger. “You have given me an idea or two. Do you recall that group of petty freelance thugs that passed through a few months back?” “Yeah,” Oliver admitted somewhat confused at where she was going with this. “And do you think we still have those confiscated guns locked up her in impound,” Vedia continued. “Well, I would imagine…” Oliver confirmed before being cut off again.

“I’d wager that that PR-17 Phoenix and the Thunderbolt would work nicely at devastating some fiendish flesh,” Vedia explained as she rubbed absently at her chin. “But Gabriel did warn us that the beast that attacked him could close in on you deadly quick. So we best make sure to scrounge up something a little handier for close quarters. I’ve got it,” Vedia crowed with excitement. 

Turning to bolt off, the plotting protector paused to ask her dazzled cohort another question. “You’ve had the training for maintenance, repair and emergency rescue right?” “What has that got to do with this,” Oliver snapped back at her before deciding to just go with whatever mad plan she was forming. “Yeah, I have had it,” he acknowledged finally. 

“Good, then you’ll be comfortable operating a fusion torch,” Vedia exclaimed. “I’m going to get my hands on one and the Heat Axe from emergency response, they should prove more than sufficient. You open up impound and break out that Phoenix and Thunderbolt. See to it their both in good working order and gather everything up to meet me in the squad room.” 

Once Vedia was long gone Oliver found a quietly muttered ‘but’ slip from under his breath. “No use in arguing with the air,” Oliver decided. “I better get to work, maybe if I am lucky she will explain what she expects me to do with a torch.” At least she wasn’t ordering him to go find himself a hammer! 


Episode 18

Once more the sun was setting low in the sky and Oliver and Vedia found they were readying themselves for another patrol. Vedia slammed home another power cell into the waiting Phoenix’s chamber and double checked it was packing a full load. She had reviewed the weapons specifications back when they had encountered the off-world mercenaries and knew full well how power hungry it could be. It made use of an under barrel kinetic charger that allowed it to be primed to deliver a doubly condensed blast but at the cost of additional drain on its power source. The Phoenix could drink down a power cell quick, and as handy as a micro-gen cell could be the time for it to recycle its charge could mean death in a battle. Vedia much preferred to keep a steady supply of cells to keep her little blasting beast well fed.

Moving to inspect her other offensive option Vedia gently laid her new rifle upon a table and reached to examine something quite different. They all referred to it as a ‘Heat Axe’ but in truth it was little more than a broad blade with a piercing point on it’s backside held at the end of a long shaft. It could be handled easily enough with two hands but its weight quickly pointed to the incorporated tech built into it. The axe was not something they ever used as weapon itself, instead it was just something they used when they needed to force their way past an obstacle or make an emergency entrance. Its blade would superheat with thermal energy to allow it to cut through metallic and other dense substances with ease. Just the kind of thing that should do nicely in a pinch should she require to face something up close.

“Make sure to load up on all the mass slugs you can carry for that thing,” Vedia advised as she slipped the axe to hang at her back. “That Thunderbolt should be able to rip one of those things apart, but like this little Phoenix here it is dependant on its ammunition. While I can keep pouring in cells you are going to have keep providing that Thunderbolt with those super-dense mass slugs. Just keep that in mind while we are on patrol and you should do fine.”

Oliver tried to make a mental note to remember that as he started to look around him to double check just how much ammunition he had been able to scrounge up. He had to hope Vedia was right about these weapons because he could still picture his last encounter and didn’t want to repeat that feeling of helplessness. “And what am I supposed to do with this fusion torch anyways,” Oliver asked hesitantly. 

Vedia simply blinked back at him at first. “Oliver, I believe you just answered your own question. But just so we are clear let’s review, shall we? It is called a what, exactly?” “Well, it is a torch, ma’am,” Oliver answered quickly. Vedia instantly followed up with another question to further form her point. “And you use a torch to…” Oliver now felt completely foolish, it was just that simple. “You torch things, ma’am,” he admitted with a lopsided grin. “Precisely, all you need to do if another of those creatures gets in close is turn that fusion torch their way and let it get introduced to the focused beam intimate-like.”

A metal tapping came from the doorway to grab both officers attention like a teacher calling for class. “Hope I am not intruding,” Gabriel politely proclaimed. “But it looks like there has been another attack, we just got the call.” The metal mottled man casually reviewed the new formidable firearms laid out and couldn’t resist a whistle. “Looks like you two are loaded for Ursian,” he declared with a chuckle. 

But officer Corvan wasn’t laughing; she seized up her rifle and pocketed anything in sight in a flash. “Come on Novius, let’s hit the streets we have monsters to mutilate,” she commanded confidently. “Ready to roll,” Oliver replied with a chambered round, an edge of courage sparking to life in his tone. “Lead the way Mr. Vincent,” Vedia added as she strolled up to stand before him. “But let’s try to keep your other side out of sight until we arrive on scene and even then only if it is absolutely necessary, understand?” 

Gabriel found himself curious by the request but after finally getting to once more see the outside of a cell he wasn’t about to question it. He needed his freedom to help tackle these terrors; there wasn’t anything he could do from inside a cell. “Yes ma’am,” Gabriel confirmed before turning to hurry off like a hound on the hunt. The Night-Watch Squad was once more on the prowl for pernicious perpetrators of panic and pain. 

As they ran through the darkening streets that Gabriel was navigating their way through Vedia could feel her own eagerness growing to test herself against these creatures again. Even Oliver seemed to be keeping pace with them without his former reluctantly slower step. They moved through blocks and side streets to follow Gabriel’s lead until he padded to a stop with his hammer already in hand. Vedia and Oliver immediately followed suit to bring their own weapons to bear. With a crack Vedia primed the kinetic charger under her barrel until the weapon purred with the hum of waiting power. 

Laid out upon the ground was the grizzly remains of what they could only deduce had to have been another victim. A trail of terrible tracks lead off down the street and the scent of fresh blood filled Gabriel’s nose. “This way,” Gabriel offered as he concentrated on the lingering smell and moved to follow it. “Keep your eyes peeled,” Vedia advised and took to cover Gabriel’s left side. Before she could even order Oliver to take the right she noticed her squad-mate was already in position as they all three cautiously continued. 

Awaiting them was the howling horror itself, its ferocious form bent over what could have been a fresh kill or something intended to be. The baleful beast rose to regard them with it cruel gaze to stand up upon its hind legs, its open jaws still dripping with saliva. It was just as Gabriel had described, Vedia decided as she took everything in with a momentary flash. This thing was something like what Gabriel had shown them when he transformed, some abominable alteration that was neither man nor beast. 

A savage and sinister snarl sailed to life to challenge them defiantly from the creature’s lips that was echoed by a faintly detectable whimper. The sudden sound made Gabriel’s ears perk up and instantly he understood – they had interrupted this things idea of sport. He must have another poor soul cornered like some helpless prey. Fearless the fuzzy foe turned his own eyes toward the source of the noise and an almost grin began to form on his gruesome face. 

“No more,” Gabriel growled and threw himself into motion to block the beast. As he moved he felt his flesh flow to form once more into his own mixed shape. This time when his right arm moved to block a savage swipe he found the brutal barrage repelled. His left hand quickly slapped aside a separate stab aimed at his middle and a furious roar punctuated the creature’s frustration. It seemed determined to remove this new obstacle keeping it from its waiting quarry just as Gabriel was resolute in resisting it. 

As the two mighty monsters began their brawl Vedia cursed her inability to line up a clear shot. “I can’t take a shot without hitting Gabriel,” Vedia reluctantly confessed. “Heads up, we have company,” Oliver advised and gestured behind them. Moving towards them they could make out the familiar appearance of revenants that seemed to be drawn to them by something. “We’re going to have to leave that fur ball to Gabriel, we’ll have to deal with these things,” Vedia commented as she took aim. Oliver couldn’t help but agree himself with both what Vedia was saying and what Gabriel had. “No more,” he vowed beneath his breath and his finger brushed the waiting touch of his trigger.


Episode 19

With a gentle squeeze Oliver let fly his first blast from the Thunderbolt’s barking barrel. The slug’s super-dense mass broke down in a flash to accelerate into a hyper velocity stream of heated light that traveled directly towards an oncoming revenant. A condensed bean of white matter plowed into the creature like the impact of the weapon’s namesake. The brutal blow sent the unnatural thing free from its feet as the majority of its chest vanished against the destructive force.

“Nice shot,” Vedia complimented as Oliver chambered another slug and took aim again. Another revenant found itself unfortunate enough to cross within the waiting crosshairs of her Phoenix. The crackle of released power rippled through the air to ride its way into the foul fiend with a concussive crash. Thermal energy devastated the decayed flesh as it ripped its way through to burn the baleful body. 

As the revenant fell to the ground Vedia immediately primed her kinetic charger once more and moved to train her aim upon another target. Already Vedia felt a sense of pride at how effective these weapons were proving as opposed to their standard issue side-arms. But for every well placed shot they both made to bring down one of the approaching abominations another seemed to come into view. There was no way of knowing exactly how many of these things there were to contend with. And while they dealt with the disgruntled dead the sounds of growls from behind them told them Gabriel was still otherwise engaged. 

Staring up through the shock and tear stained cheeks that had plastered her hair to her face a terrified young woman wailed at the madness unfolding before her. While she watched on, tucked behind trembling knees tightly curled into a ball a second horror joined her shattering sense of a sane reality. This new monstrosity shined in the moonlight with patches of metal mixing with its furry flesh. 

For Gabriel the growing sounds of desperate fear from behind him fueled his fury and drove his determination to defend them. A part of him began to wonder whether or not this vocal victim could understand that he was fighting on their behalf or if they even cared. Would they simply fear him as well if he proved victorious? He didn’t have any way to know for sure but as another series of swipes and slashes scrapped along his left side all such thoughts left him. Replacing the contemplation was a stinging pain that violently tore its way through him. Brought with it was the overwhelming rage that accompanied the fact that this animalistic opponent had hurt him.

Impulsively Gabriel’s hammer lashed out to respond to the sudden suffering as it slammed to strike a series of pounding pummels. Each echoed blow met breaking bones that quickly began to re-knit themselves. Confusion caused chaos to ignite its way through his mind as he reeled at the realization he wasn’t causing any lasting damage. In the face of this frenzied foe he seemed to be stumbling. He hesitated to swing his hammer again and instead attempted a clumsy thrust with his own claws. 

But where Gabriel was acting on conscious thought he found his adversary easily responding brutally with primal instinct alone. The Doc had been right, this shifting savage had grown so completely comfortable with its own nature that it didn’t need to think about what to do. Like some wild predator it merely acted by reflex alone. The time Gabriel was taking to think everything through was beginning to cost him as another assault left his abdomen bloody with a fresh stream of warmth before his own body could race to deal with the burning sensation. 

As a flurry of fangs and claws continued to lash out at Gabriel he could hear fresh cries of terror from behind him. He had to do something before this crazed creature managed to tear him to pieces. The beast inside him begged for release against the shackles of self restraint. It howled in the face of the horror and promised to destroy it. But with every step closer to being unchained Gabriel found his own fear of lost control rallying against it. 

A sharp shriek pierced the night as the painful presence of snapping jaws clenched down upon his shoulder and claws shredded at his skin. Gabriel could feel the chains of his conscience shatter in response. An explosion engulfed his insides as rage roared through him and he seized upon it to ride it upwards. His hammer smashed solidly into his foes skull to stagger it with a stunned shock. Immediately his open hand found an opportune grip on the beasts flailing arm and held it fast. A second savage swing connected his mighty mallet with the lethal limb with a loud shatter that was quickly followed by a sharp snap from his own jaws. 

Dangling at its side the barbaric beast retreated back several steps as its arm slowly started to try and repair the terrible trauma. Distant sounds of Vedia and Oliver struggled to reach Gabriel’s ears as he found his focus squarely centered on his adversary. Even the cries from behind him now seemed muffled as he moved to give chase. The only goal gripping his mind in its sway was the need to destroy this thing before him completely. Only then would he be satisfied. 

Vedia rushed another cell into her Phoenix and risked a look back just in time to see Gabriel moving to pursue his chosen enemy. “What is he up to,” she found herself asking as her brow furrowed with concern. “He’ll leave them defenseless if he ventures from his position! Oliver, I’ll cover you why you make for that survivor. Keep them secure,” Vedia ordered as she squeezed off a quick blast before priming a second.

“On it,” Oliver answered and immediately threw himself into a dash to take up Gabriel’s vacant location. “Don’t worry, you’re safe now,” he reassured the frail and frightened figure. Oliver had to appreciate the sense of irony of the moment as he heard himself trying to console someone confidently. Perhaps he was cut out for this assignment after all. 


Episode 20

Gabriel chased the fleeing beast as his own inner animal surged out of control. He lost all track of thought to it, impulse and reflex had come to dominate him now. As he pursued his prey it suddenly spun on him and slid itself backwards at him. The deceptive tactic proved to catch him off guard as the cunning creature made use of its own good arm to rake a vengeful deep gash across Gabriel’s good leg. 

Immediately he turned to repay the fresh source of pain and found his foe already on the move again. Only this time every step in following led him to more piercing agony as the wound reluctantly refused to heal. Frustration and frenzy tossed Gabriel about inside himself until he was virtually lost to the forces. A violent rage thundered through him with each stab of pain that echoed every step. Kill it; his mind demanded. And that was exactly what he intended to do. 

But as he tried to get closer a strange flash of light barely missed his foe. The jerking fuzzy form had narrowly avoided the strike that trailed from something down the street. Something had tried to take his kill from him Gabriel realized. And that made him even angrier. They would pay for this, this was his prey. He alone had the right to kill it. 

With his claws raised high he charged forward ready to deliver his compensation for the challenge to his dominance. He would rip this lesser creature to pieces and then he would end his other opponent. This power felt so good and he would prove to everyone that they could never stand against it. 

As he drifted amidst the sea of anger a long buried memory surfaced to confront him. He was a boy again and setting in his grandfather’s workshop. Everything was as clear as the day when he went in there to ask him the only question that had ever tormented him endlessly as a child. “Where is my father,” he had tearfully asked his grandfather pleadingly. And that is when his grandfather had gave him the only answer he had ever been offered. It was the most important thing he had ever been told and he had taken it to heart to shape the foundation of the man he became.

‘Son,” Thael had said as he laid his hammer softly down on the bench. “The only answer I can give you is that it wasn’t his fault, it was mine. The only real rule about becoming a man is one I never seemed to be able to teach your father. Marcus wasn’t a bad person; he just never could grasp that one simple lesson. Every man is responsible for what he does. It’s just that simple. That’s all, your father little Marcus, he just never understood that. I tried to get that through to him for a long time but as he got older it became harder and harder. I had hoped that when you were born perhaps he would start to figure out that he was responsible for taking care of you and your mother. But sadly I was mistaken that he could ever change.

The fact that he is gone isn’t your fault boy, and please don’t blame your father either. He just never managed to grow into the man I tried to help him be. If anything it is my failure, not his.” That talk had always brought bake so much pain for Gabriel. Because in part he never could think back on it without seeing his grandfather hacking and coughing in weariness lying in his bed. Thael Vincent had outlived his daughter-in-law and his grandson was the only one there for him. With a weakening grip he held out his old trusty hammer to Gabriel and said his final words. “This old friend has never failed me just like I never failed any task I put it to use on. It still has some work left in it, so take it son; put it to good use and make me proud.”

As he closed his eyes to welcome the rest he had so richly earned Gabriel whispered his own goodbye to his grandfather. “It was never your fault; some boards aren’t cut out for the job. You can try to make them work all you like but sometimes they just fail you. Rest well, your job is done.” The first time he lifted that old hammer it had felt so heavy in his hand and in his heart. He had sworn then and there to never fail his grandfather, to become more of a man than his father had ever been. 

And yet here he was his hammer raised back and vicious claws ready to take the life from someone valiantly trying to defend another. He would not allow this thing inside him to warp who he was. Gabriel refused to break his word to his grandfather upon his deathbed. He had sworn to be a better man than his father and that was exactly what he was going to be.

Gabriel locked on to his unshakable foundation and planted his will firmly upon it. His name resonated within him and as he spoke the words to himself he rejected his own first name like a bad taste. “I am Gabriel Vincent,” he declared. “I am the Grandson of Thael Vincent and worthy heir to his great name! I am no monster, I am a man. And now, I have a job to finish.”

His vision cleared and his senses returned with a snap as he reined the beast back under control. Gabriel looked down into the eyes of Oliver and spoke the words once more with conviction. “My name is Gabriel Vincent, and if you’ll excuse me I have a job to finish.” His hammer once more held at his side the mismatched metal man turned to look for his previous opponent. 

Waiting for him was the wary warrior wolf itself circling in the distance already testing its healing arm. Everything was different now; both of them could sense the subtle change in their situation. Growling through bared teeth the snarling stalker was clear in his intentions to claim his waiting prey. But waiting in defiance this time Gabriel stood prepared to face him. 

“Go ahead you flea-bitten fur ball, try it; I dare you. Because I am not going to quit, you’ll have to get by me.” Gabriel declared while his hammer bounced playfully in his hand. A smile formed on his face as he marked a pair of soft clicks behind him. “And allow me to introduce you to the rest of the Night-Watch Squad,” he added grimly. Right on his cue two blasts of energy screamed past him to reach their mark. The beast bellowed out a whimpered howl of pain as the potent strikes seared at its flesh to ravage him. But before a second volley could threaten to add to its growing torment the creature rushed frantically in a retreat to seek safety. 

With the monster gone the shuddering sobs began to slow behind Oliver to be replaced by wordless gratitude as a gentle touch reached up for comfort. Wisely Gabriel returned to his less unsettling shape to minimize any further trauma being inflicted on the shaken survivor. But instead of the fear he expected he saw in the waiting face a measure of hope. He couldn’t help but think as he looked into those eyes that his grandfather would indeed have been proud.


Episode 21

“I need a small favor,” Dr. Foxfire whispered softly. Setting across from her in a dimly lit corner booth of The Rat Hole a gruff man nodded his understanding. Of course the wily she-fox had called him for a favor; she never reached out to him unless there was something she needed. He had known her for many a year, he had even helped scrounge the necessary elements together to make her escape to a quiet sector of space so long ago. You might say surviving in any situation was his specialty. It was one of the little ironies he enjoyed as many a customer came in need of his services to ask in hushed tones amid back alleys for ‘the coyote.’ 

If only they truly knew just how true that moniker really was. Perhaps if they had even a hint of how aptly he had been named. But he was getting distracted again from the matter at hand. The dear doctor had caught wind of something that had ruffled her fur or sparked her curiosity and either was a dangerous thing to toy with in his estimation. “So what has managed to get your tail in a twist this time?” He asked impatiently and took another draw from his almost empty glass. 

“Daniel, you know I never call on you arbitrarily,” Dr. Foxfire began to explain. “But certain events have transpired that demand I look into them. Things that could threaten to reveal my past and jeopardize a lot of innocent lives. Including your own, I am afraid.” She noticed her cautious companion was quick to raise an eyebrow at the proposed danger to him. It was a safe bet to effectively lure him into helping her Dr. Foxfire had always been able to rely on. Daniel may be a shameless scavenger with a notorious reputation for doing just about anything for the right money, but the one thing he held higher than anything else was his own well-being. 

“Well, since you put it that way,” Daniel declared with a weak cough to clear his throat as he playfully regarded his glass. “I think I am going to need another drink and you are definitely picking up the tab this time.” The attempted humor failed to mask the somber seriousness behind his eyes as his full attention turned itself directly towards Dr. Foxfire. “What’s up, doc,” he finally asked when his second full glass arrived to rest before him. But instead of drinking it, Dr. Foxfire made a mental note of how her old acquaintance merely held it in his hand and rolled it around.

Something about her implied query was worrying him that much she was sure of. Yet if it was the concern of someone involved or just his usual desire for self-preservation she couldn’t say. But either way she needed to know the kinds of information that he might have access to. If someone had smuggled something onto Gallu then Daniel Latran would be the one person sure to know. 

“Come on, Dan,” Dr. Foxfire implored with her best ‘I-am-not-amused’ stare. “We both know if someone wants anything to leave or arrive without questions that they talk to you. And there is no way in the entire outer rim that a ship could land here without its passengers or contents undergoing a standard security check. Remember the kinds of things they check for? Dangerous pathogens, illegal goods, wanted criminals and the whole lot; nothing gets off until everything checks out. So I want you to just go right ahead and tell me who would want to transport a feral shifter to Gallu just to release him on its people. Let’s part the veil here and now; people are dying and if I don’t find some answers the trail just might lead back to us with a whole mad mob behind it. And you don’t need me to remind you how quickly such a gathering can jump to conclusions about those of us with furrier dispositions.”

Suddenly Daniel’s throat was impossibly dry. He knew he never should have taken that job in the first place, it had never felt right to begin with even if the payoff had been a stack of hard coin high enough to make him forget such hesitations. As much as he hated to admit it the foxy doctor had a good point. If a shifter had gone savage and been released on a backwater world like Gallu it would only be a matter of time before word got out. And then anyone even remotely hairier than generally accepted would bare the brunt of the blame. Not to mention the corresponding vengeance of anyone with even a measure of suffered loss. 

“Alright, alright,” Daniel said simply with both hands held out before him as if he gestured for the whole world to pause for him. He nervously licked at his lips and closed his eyes to try and recall as much of the details as he could manage. Typically he tried to avoid as much of the specifics as he might to preserve his own ability to claim ignorance later. But on occasion he came across a job that even he couldn’t completely remain untouched by. And when you were getting paid in the manner that he was it was far too foolish not to keep an eye on the turning gears lest you find yourself crushed by their movements. He really hadn’t managed to stay alive and kicking this long in his line of work without learning from his experiences. 

“A coded com channel is how I was approached, you know the routine. At first it was just a nameless middleman wanting a meet to offer me a job. Seemed simple enough, but simple often leads to skinned hides so I entered into everything extra wary. The whole matter was altogether hush-hush all the way down to them paying me in hard coin to avoid the issue of traced funds. There was no names, no records just a word to ear arrangement. They wanted me to help ensure a package was safely delivered to Gallu and no questions would be asked along the way to complicate matters. That was it.

Which, I have to admit puzzled me. Usually if someone wants my services it is for the entire deal – including getting whatever it is onto the world and reporting the jobs completion. But this one they just wanted me to make sure it arrived to Gallu orbit, not onto the world itself. So I naturally expected competition, especially with the pay I was receiving. I mean think about it, if they were just paying me so well to do the easy part they must have someone else on site to finish the job that would have to be getting as much or more. And I despise competition.”

Daniel definitely did enjoy painting himself in a brighter light, Dr. Foxfire decided. But she needed the condensed version of the tale right now. “Skip to the important bits Dan, before I accidently forget that you have on occasion done some decent things in your life,” she advised. It didn’t take an overly clever coyote to see that the doctor was seriously stressed by the situation. So Dan quickly agreed that perhaps it was a good idea to bypass the sweeping strokes and get to the point.

“Long story short, I did my own deductive digging and came up with only one thing. The group that hired me was none other than the Magistrate Council itself,” Dan answered and then made his drink vanish in a single swallow. “And now I think it is best if I turn tail to get myself clear of this whole system for a bit. Care to join me doc?”

“No,” Dr. Foxfire said absently as she tried to make sense of this new piece of information. “No, I think I still have some work to finish here first.” There was someone else out there in the night doing his job as promised and she had agreed to do her best in return. She owed it to Gabriel to stick around to help him. Because if anyone could stop this thing without becoming a monster themselves she had faith that it was that miraculous man.  


Episode 22

Chief Gnaeus sat in his creaky old chair leaning back with his hands cradling his face. His head ached and his eyes were ever so tired of looking at reports. He felt like he hadn’t slept in days and couldn’t see himself finding the time anytime soon. His mug was depressingly empty as he reached for it once more and tipped it over to check the contents. Not even a single drop remained to provide even an ounce of relief for his diminished spirits. 

A sudden commotion outside managed to redirect his thoughts quick enough to instead wonder just what was going on out there. But it didn’t take long before his door flew open and the answer was standing before him. Or in this case, she was striding purposefully directly towards him. 

“I’m sorry sir, we told her you were busy but…” a meek officer apologized before the Chief cut her off with a single gesture of his hand. “Just shut the door, it’s alright,” Gnaeus offered firmly. This was not going to help his headache in the least, the Chief lamented to himself as his door closed immediately. 

A pair of slender hands slammed home atop his desk to send a fresh avalanche of reports and case files flying. “You’re going to talk to me Gnaeus,” Dr. Foxfire declared in a tone that blurred the line from demand to threat. Somewhere hidden in the unspoken challenge Gnaeus almost thought he had heard the subtle presence of a growl. Had she just growled at him? Perhaps he had really allowed himself to become far too exhausted for his job of late. 

“Alright, what is it Doctor,” the Chief finally groaned as he rubbed at his eyes. “This had better be important, and quick; I am far too tired for this nonsense.” But instead of defusing any of the explosive temper that had just charged into his office he found the fiery form before him even more eager to ignite. Dr. Foxfire was clearly consumed with some gripping concern that stirred him awake like a bucket of ice water. 

“I have just discovered that the source of our current predicament was smuggled onto Gallu,” Dr. Foxfire explained angrily. “And the responsible party is none other than the Magistrate Council themselves.” The proclaimed news stabbed at the Chief’s belly to sicken him with all its implications. There was no way the Council could have been involved – it just didn’t make sense. The Magistrate Council was the direct intermediary between the New Republic government and Gallu itself. They were responsible for overseeing the world’s safety and governing its overall well being. There was no way they could have taken any action to jeopardize it. 

“What utter madness,” Gnaeus spat back. “This is foolishness; there is simply no reason why the Council would ever be involved in anything of the sort. It would be like them slitting their own throat. Why would they destroy the very thing they are answerable for preserving?”

“I could ask you the same thing,” Dr. Foxfire hissed icily. “I’ve been considering the matter quite carefully, and you know what I concluded? Nothing arrives on this world without a full security scan of everyone and everything onboard. And while I am the medical authority on world I am always informed to check for biological matters. However there is one above me who has to be involved for any check no matter how trivial.”

“Just what are you implying,” the Chief demanded instantly, his own agitation reaching a bursting point. He had heard enough of this whole business. “Tread carefully, dear Doctor, because you are dangerously close to finding yourself familiar with a cell for a while. 

“It is as simple a matter as it obvious, Chief,” Dr. Foxfire confirmed. “Nothing gets onto Gallu without getting through the routine checks and procedures. But if something did manage to bypass any such checks then it would have to be waived through by the primary authority overseeing matters; and that’s you. So just tell me, Chief, have there been any such ‘special deliveries’ lately? For compassion’s sake people are dying out there!”

If there had been anything left in his empty stomach, Chief Gnaeus was immediately certain that he would have just lost it – violently. None of this made sense but with each passing second the details were starting to add up. Just recently he had received word through encrypted channels from the Council that asked him for special considerations with regards to a delicate matter. It was supposed to be an off-the-book transaction that he had been assured was private Council business. As his superiors he had no reason to question the issue or object for that matter. All he had to do was flag the marked vessel to bypass the security check point and allow it to land, and then leave. 

His head began to spin further away from him until he could barely sit upright. He had willingly held the door open for this monster to waltz right into endanger everyone he was sworn to safeguard. And for what reason other than because he had been told to do so? “Feverish fool,” Gnaeus cursed himself as his guilt circled full round to lurch in his belly in an endless spin. 

“There was one vessel,” he confessed weakly. “They said it was nothing dangerous; just a sensitive delivery that was private Council business. Nothing of this sort has ever happened before. I’ve never had any reason to question anything like this, and if it had been something like contraband or the like I was sure we could handle the issue. The Council exists to oversee us, it is their job to make sure that we are safe and get what we need from the New Republic. Why, why would they ever sabotage something they would have to answer for?”

Dr. Foxfire watched sharply as the Chief wrestled with his own guilt as some measure of understanding lit behind his eyes. In some part of her she sympathized with the Chief. He had blindly acted on their request that resulted in the deadly situation they now dealt with. While he had no way of knowing what to expect, he was now primarily responsible for dealing with that very problem. It was asking a lot for someone in his position to accept that something like a man-turned-monster was on the loose but it was something else to know that you basically invited them in.

“Chief,” Dr. Foxfire called to him in a soft delicate tone that lured his closed eyes to open and look to her once more. “We still have to deal with this matter, Gnaeus,” she advised gently. Obediently the conscience-stricken Chief nodded his agreement solemnly as he took a moment to try to collect his thoughts. For whatever reasons the Magistrate Council had seen it fit to covertly conspire to engineer this emergency. And they had used him to do it. 

With a somber seriousness Chief Gnaeus reached over to unlock a desk drawer that hadn’t seen the light of his office in a long time. Nestled under a sleepy layer of dust was the familiar presence of his old sidearm. It had never been standard issue even back in his day – in fact he had been written up a handful of times for insisting on carrying the weapon. But he had always been able to count on this formidable friend. Unlike the current standard sidearm’s his officers used this old Python was made to pack a serious punch. He had sent many a man free from his feet when they were unfortunate enough to be on the receiving end of his ignored warning. But neither it nor he for that matter had seen anything but the rear of his desk in years. Did either of them still work? 

Curiously he clicked the weapon open to check the inserted power cell’s charge and found to his surprise they were still active. The feel of his old Python once more in his grip solidified his decision with absolute finality. “I’m going to hunt this beast down and put an end to the danger it poses,” he vowed with an iron will. “This is my mess and I aim to clean it up, personally.” 


Episode 23

Chief Gnaeus stormed forcefully into the squad room where he had issued orders for the Night-Watch Squad to be assembled and waiting. It was long before nightfall and he was certain there would be questions that they would be looking for answers from him for. He would answer the ones he could but his primary concern was to explain just exactly what his intentions were for the night. And while those intentions were anything but complex, he needed his Night-Watch Squad rallied for the night ahead of them.

“We are going to hunt down that deranged demon,” Chief Gnaeus affirmed angrily as he passed clear of the open doorway with fire in his step. His old disheveled uniform had been replaced by a fresh crisp tactical deployment one with his Python resting comfortably slung along his hip. It did feel so good to be back out from behind that frustrating old desk. He felt a good 10 years younger as his blood was already pumping and he yearned to get out there and take this terrible tyrant down. 

“But, Chief,” Vedia objected behind confusion and a raised eyebrow. “What about regulations; you’re required to remain here at your post. You cannot go out into the field. So what’s with the outfit and the ‘we’?” 

“As of now,” the Chief boomed with every ounce of thunderous authority he had earned over the years. “I have re-categorized this threat to warrant additional man-power. And as such I can assign any duly capable officer that I deem fit. As for regulations Officer Corvan; you can stuff them. This is bigger than regulations and I am going to see to it that whatever it takes we finish this job. I will not permit some monstrosity to roam loose through the night to slaughter for sport at its leisure. One way or another we are going to stop this thing, tonight.

Now if you don’t mind we have some important matters to get past before we get started,” Gnaeus declared as he placed his hands behind his back and dared anyone to challenge him. After a few moments pause he decided he seemed to be getting his point across and continued. “As I understand it, Mr. Vincent, you have something important to share with me – officially. Is that a correct assessment?” 

“Yes, sir,” Gabriel admitted truthfully. “You turn into one of those monsters yourself,” Chief Gnaeus pointed out more precisely. “Yes, sir,” Gabriel confirmed. “And yet you have managed to overcome these tainted impulses to safeguard my officers and innocent civilians?” Gabriel once more nodded and added another “Yes, sir,” for good measure. 

“Honestly, young man, I have to admit that I am proud to have known you. You are every bit the man your grandfather was and a worthy legacy of his good name. Thael would have been proud of you. And, for what its worth; I’m sorry to have misjudged you. Can we still count on you to help us fight this thing, Gabriel?”

“The job isn’t finished, sir,” Gabriel explained firmly. “And I do not walk away from a job until it is. So you can count on me until everyone is safe.” A flexed metal fist shined in the light of the squad room as Gabriel slowly studied the steely exterior. “This creature has taken from me as much as it could and left me with this patchwork existence. I would see no one else suffer a similar fate.”

“Agreed,” the Chief replied simply. “How effective was your alternative equipment Officer Corvan?” Vedia could answer him with facts and figures easily enough, but instead hefted her Phoenix into her hands reassuringly. “I would say they proved to be more than adequate for the task, Chief,” she confirmed with a grin. “Indeed,” Oliver added confidently. 

“Well then, let’s get down to business then, shall we?” Chief Gnaeus began to pace back and froth, his hands still squarely held behind him. “We have found a certain pattern forming with these attacks, and if my understanding is correct this beast begins its hunt just as dusk is falling. So, what we are going to do is gear up and make sure we are already out waiting for it to show its fearsome face. Then when it does; we smash it in.”

Gabriel reached down to find his trusty hammer still hung at his belt. “I’m ready for work, Chief,” he said easily. Vedia slammed in a few more power cells into her Phoenix and pocketed a fresh handful. “Awaiting your orders, Chief,” she announced automatically. Oliver eagerly rammed a clip into his waiting Thunderbolt and chambered a round. When he answered himself there was no longer any waiver in his voice, no doubt or anxiety. “Just give me a clear shot, Chief,” he said. 

Chief Gnaeus felt a measure of assurance as he looked on at his specially assigned squad. When he had thrown this group together he had never expected it to be facing a serious threat, much less handling it this well. He had every confidence that they would resolve this matter completely. “We best be on our toes though,” Gnaeus warned as he stopped pacing.

“I have reason to believe that this thing didn’t arrive here by random chance. It was delivered here by design, and it was done so by the Magistrate Council itself,” the Chief explained. Everyone looked on in silence at the unbelievable news. “If the Council itself is acting covertly against the safety of Gallu then I think it is wise to assume that this is only the beginning. We can take nothing for granted and must keep our guard up. Once this beast is buried we cannot rule out that other threats might still exist. 

Do we have any way of knowing for sure that there aren’t more of these dead creatures you encountered before still out there somewhere? Or, Gabriel is there any assurance that we have that you are the only person this monster has so afflicted? I am afraid we do not…” Guilt still wormed its way around in Gnaeus’s middle to bother at him. 

“Whatever the answers are we will have to take them as they come. Tonight, I bid us all happy hunting, but I do want to make sure you are all – each and everyone aware of the bigger picture. If the Council has reasons to endanger us then we can expect no outside aid. There is just the Night-Watch Squad to stand against the nefarious nightmares and the people they intend to prey upon. So, let’s go kill us a monster!” 


Episode 24

“Alright,” Vedia announced as the squad moved to take up positions on the street. “Here is the plan; Gabriel, you’re going to track this thing until we can locate it. Then, Oliver; you, the Chief and myself are going to help drive it directly into Gabriel. Once you have him cornered you pound him hard and hold him as long as you can. While it is preoccupied with you we’re going to blast it into oblivion. Everyone got it?” 

Nobody questioned Vedia’s plan. Instead everyone merely nodded in agreement and Gabriel tentatively sniffed at the crisp night air. The subtle shifts of the weather brought to him a mix of smells. Moist earth filled his noise highlighted by a fresh zing of ozone. It had rained during the day, nothing heavy but enough of a light drizzle to saturate the ground slightly. The aroma playfully toyed at his taste buds and made the air feel so clean in the dying rays of sunlight. 

Gabriel closed his eyes and concentrated on letting his senses roam without restraint. Every moment bringing with it another delicate detail that promised to aid him in his deductions. Eventually an obscure musky scent drifted to him that he slowly recognized from their last encounter. It was like a distant whiff of damp fur with a mingled mix of dried blood and stale sweat. He was sure this monster had more than likely made use of its daytime respite to lick its wounds and recover from their previous meeting. But this time things would be different. This time this prowling primal predator was about to face a determined force that was dedicated to its sole destruction.

“This way,” Gabriel growled and strode into a steady sprint that carried him into the distance. Vedia and Oliver immediately followed suit, already familiar with their peer’s pattern. Chief Gnaeus on the other hand grunted to himself before moving to join them. “So, we’re going to be running now,” he lamented quietly. “I have definitely been behind that desk too long.”

It wasn’t easy to keep up at first but slowly his wind came back to him and soon the Chief managed to stay within a handful of steps behind his younger squad members. When they all came to a halt he took casual note that while he was panting heavily both other officers were slightly out of breath as well. Only Gabriel himself seemed unaffected by the brisk pace that they had maintained. 

They had come to a halt before an old drainage runoff, where rainwater and the like pooled from the streets to disappear down into the ground. The reinforced grating had been busted open roughly to provide access to the shadow-swimming subterranean sanctuary. “Back up,” Gabriel advised gruffly. His body changing as thick fur of vibrant burnt sienna sprang to life to cloak his flesh everywhere that didn’t already ripple with a steely shine. Ears elongated along with his nose and fingers to take on the bestial body that mixed with that of a man he had come to feel comfortable with. 

A deep growl began to gurgle up from inside the hammer-held howling hero. As the Chief looked on both Oliver and Vedia took a few steps back to take their positions. He couldn’t help but wonder how anyone could look on at such a transformation and ever see past the experience to see the man inside he had come to respect. With a shake of his head he tried to cast the wandering thought from his mind to refocus his attention on the nature of their task at hand. 

Gabriel gripped his hammer in his hand and roared a regal challenge that echoed down into the dark. No one needed words to translate the implied meaning of the message, it was altogether clear. It spoke in a language beyond intelligent speech and what it said loud and clear was; fight me – I dare you. 

Chief Gnaeus watched on unsure of how effective this tactic was going to promise to be but already he had his Python in hand, trained on the pitch-black portal. No sound signaled an answer to Gabriel’s demanding dare. No monster appeared to answer with its own animal anger. Everything remained eerily silent on the street as they waited.  Even Gabriel’s ears twitched back and forth slightly as he continually sniffed at the air. The lack of response lengthened until everyone began to question if somehow Gabriel had been mistaken about the tracked scent’s trail.

And then, all at once a furry flurry of teeth and claws exploded like cannon-fire from out of the grim ground to collide with Gabriel. The two bestial bodies blurred into a makeshift ball that rolled along the ground exchanging snapping bites and savage stabs. In the chaos Gabriel’s grip slipped free from his handy hammer and upon finding his familiar friend absent he instead formed a metal mallet-like fist from his empty hand. Where his claws carved at the creatures flesh his fist repeatedly hammered away in thunderous bursts. 

A rough scraping against his back announced that Gabriel had managed to find the ground beneath him as he fought the overwhelming fresh ferocity of the massive monster atop him. Bracing his weight he kicked off hard with both legs to launch the savage stalker backwards into the air. The gambit only bought him a few breaths as his foe landed easily enough upon the ground to redouble his attack. 

Charging forward into a lunge the creatures claws became makeshift spears that sought to stab their way into Gabriel. His robotic right arm held high in defense the metallic man-beast planted his feet firmly and prepared to meet the attack. Gabriel knew full well the blinding grip of fiendish fury that must completely seize his adversary in its sway. He had experienced it himself and understood the powerful need to crush the thing before you. However he also knew how it stripped you of your ability to reason or think. So when the monster closed within striking distance to deliver its intended blow, Gabriel gave it a simple surprise.

As the adrenaline fueled animal thrust its claws forward it found only empty air awaiting it. Gabriel had sidestepped gracefully to avoid the attack and instead pivoted his stance slightly to the side. The absence of his promised prey threw the beasts balance askew as it stumbled forward. To aid in it’s off balanced momentum a steel-solid strike slammed home into the back of the beast’s skull. Without pause Gabriel followed up the attack with a series of rapid punches that carried the creature further forward and towards the ground.

Gabriel barely managed a step back as he struggled with the temptation to continue his assault before a chorus of blasts broke the growing gloom. As he watched on Gabriel refused to look away until the barrages burned the beast’s body almost to nothing but ashes. While the rest of the Night-Watch Squad stopped to reload and assess the carnage they had wrought Gabriel made a final assurance to satisfy his own lingering doubts. He reached down and mangled every last scrap of anything that had once been the malicious monster until his own breath started to come in gasps and heaves. 

When he finally looked up once more it wasn’t just the rest of the squad who now looked on at him. Instead a handful of people had begun to brave the night to step out from the safety of their homes and witness for them selves if their nightmare was over. Where some looked on in horror at what must appear to them to be a new monster marked with gleaming metal and savagely slaughtering the remains of something else. Others watched with eyes that declared that what they saw was their howling hero with wonder and gratitude. 

As Gabriel looked around him at the growing gathering he discovered a mixture of feelings sparking to life inside him. Pride filled him to finally see the thing that had caused him so much pain reduced to ruin beneath him. But he also felt a surge of worry for the uncertain fate awaiting him. He had given his word to submit to the Chief’s judgment, and keep his promise he must. However he couldn’t predict how the people of Gallu would accept Chief Gnaeus’s decision. 

A sense of regret teased at the back of his mind as Gabriel calmed the kindled fury that burned ever in his chest to welcome once more his mostly man shape. He questioned the wisdom of willingly releasing the potently primal power of his bestial body. But he resolved himself to the fact that he could not break his word. So with empty hands and lowered head he presented himself before Chief Gnaeus to kneel. 

“As agreed I now submit myself to your judgment,” Gabriel somberly announced. And with so many eyes eagerly awaiting his decision, Chief Gnaeus found his own voice strangely silent. 


Episode 25

A thousand and one different thoughts all rallied their way to rush through the Chief’s mind. He wanted desperately to sigh with relief at the sight of the creature that had terrified so many. But instead he felt the growing burden of even more worries. Gabriel had helped to hunt and slay the beast, and yet now while they should be praised he could see fear in the eyes of those who looked on. What was he going to do about this?

He owed it to Gabriel to repay his steadfast and dedicated service. The boy had proven himself even before they knew what slumbered deep inside him. And after it became known that he had been tainted by the terror they hunted itself he had displayed an ability to resist the creatures cursed temptations. It was entirely possible that the beast inside him could resurface overtime to overpower him with disastrous consequences. However a big part of Chief Gnaeus felt that Gabriel had earned that consideration.

But how could he just openly permit a man now known by the public to be part monster? How could he maintain the peace if they all saw him as the man who allowed a potential or perceived predator to prowl freely? He might as well hand out a license for mobs to form or fill in the blank blame sheets with Gabriel’s name squarely at the top. There was no way to control what people would think or do if they believed he was left to roam loose.

The people of Gallu had already been asked to accept a lot with the current bizarre business. Crazed creatures and deranged dead were beyond belief for any sane person to accept. And here was Gabriel at the middle of the matter somewhere between man, monster and machine. Then there was the whole fact that the Magistrate Council had been involved with everything that had happened. 

“I am going to need every source of strength available if I am going to safeguard these people now,” Chief Gnaeus decided in a hushed whisper. He had mostly only intended to talk to himself but he noticed a slight twitch from Gabriel that marked he had heard him as well. A vague memory returned like a friendly reminder to tug playfully at his shoulder. It was little more than a phrase really; probationary member. 

That was something that was said to him back when all this began. It was those precise words that even now seemed to illuminate a course of action to satisfy so many concerns. Ceremoniously the Chief raised a hand and put on his best public announcement face. Right now he found himself wishing he was back behind his desk with a public relations officer at his disposal for this kind of duty instead of himself. He never did enjoy the public speaking part of his job.

“I am a man of my word,” Chief Gnaeus began in a clear tone that carried itself to the crowd around him. “I swore when I took up this office to safeguard the people and interests of Gallu from every threat. To that regard I have assembled this newly assigned specialized Night-Watch Squad that has so clearly proven itself capable in its duty. However, I also gave my word to this man who bears the same good name as the respected Thael Vincent that he would be granted the chance to prove himself as a probationary member of the civil defense forces. 

Gabriel Vincent has done just that. He has in my evaluation demonstrated nothing less than a completely trustworthy and admirable character. In that regard he has earned the right to enlist and be placed permanently as an active member of the Squad.” The Chief paused briefly enough to time his bluff carefully. He had played enough cards over the years to know when he should falsely emphasis his hand and just how to do it without saying what people would read through his actions alone.

“But, as I said I am a man of my word. While Mr. Vincent has earned his right to serve and will be allowed to do so he will not go without a leash. A wise huntsman keeps even the most loyal and skilled hound at his disposal on a strong restraint. He will be allowed his place on the Night-Watch Squad where his unique talents can be put to the best possible use. While he works to help us with his unique insights he will remain under my direct supervision and custody.”

Chief Gnaeus made a dramatic a gesture as he could of holstering his weapon as he called for his fellow officers. “Corvan, Novius; if you would be so kind as to assist me in escorting our colleague here back to headquarters. It looks like our shift is almost complete.” Both squad members obediently answered the request with their weapons at the ready to stand on either side of Gabriel. 

As they began their walk back towards the primary post of the patrolmen Gabriel had to confess he was relieved to not be condemned to a similar fate as his furry foe. He had always figured the Chief for a decent enough man and he was grateful for the little show his superior had made on his behalf. But Gabriel was no fool; he also understood the unspoken requirements of his precarious situation. While he would potentially be permitted to maintain in the service of the Chief so long as he was perceived as its hunting hound he would have to forgo certain liberties. Doubtless there would not be anyone coming to seek his craftsmanship anymore, nor might they be overly eager to allow him to come and go on his own publically. Things wouldn’t be same anymore.

Lost in thought Gabriel didn’t realize they had already made it back to headquarters until he smelled the familiar scent of Dr. Foxfire just before his eyes spotted the demure doctor. “Good to see you again Doc,” Gabriel greeted her with a warm grin. But it didn’t take the trained gaze of an experienced doctor or the keen observations of her heightened senses for Dr. Foxfire to detect his diminished spirits. 

“I already heard,” she confessed compassionately before letting a sly smile spread along her own face. “And I think I have the perfect prescription for what ails you.” Gabriel was honestly caught off guard by the claim and found he was somewhat cautious. He apprehensively raised an eyebrow as he waited to see just what possible prescription might be appropriate presently. 

“I believe a drink or two would be just what the doctor ordered,” Dr. Foxfire declared. Her advised solution met at first with silent disbelief before a series of blinking eyes marked Gabriel’s attempt to process the peculiar instruction. “But Doc,” Gabriel awkwardly objected. “I really don’t think now is the time for me to be strolling into The Rat Hole for a round or two.”

“Sebastian said you might say something like that,” Dr. Foxfire said. “So he made sure to inform me of the existence of an extremely secure and utterly secret secondary entrance to his establishment. Apparently it leads to a hidden area he uses for his own personally preferred patrons. Or so he claims, so, what about it?”

“Leave it to Sebastian to have himself a hidden hole within The Rat Hole,” Gabriel chuckled. “Well, I guess if it is Doctor’s orders then it is in my best health to obey. That is, of course, if it’s alright with you, Chief.” Still reluctant to return to the rear of his waiting desk Chief Gnaeus eagerly seized at the excuse to lengthen his absence even if only for a brief while longer.

“Sounds good to me,” the Chief applauded. “Besides, we could all use a good stiff drink or two after tonight. Just so long as I am not the one buying,” Gnaeus quipped merrily. Together they all shared a hearty laugh before slipping off into the dawning daylight to toast their triumph. They had just weathered through a long night, and they would need courage to face the growing dark to come.  
About the author: 
Ever since he has been able to hold a pencil, Matthew C. Gill has been scribbling down stories. Burdened by an over-abundance of imagination and discovering a lack of fitting bedtime stories for his children he set himself to attempt to create his own. What he never could have expected was the interest of all four of his children as they eagerly awaited each new ‘episode’ every night. He now lives as a slave to their literary appetites. 

Connect With Me Online:

Twitter – Http://Twitter.com/SilverPenScribe
My Blog (For more stories and other random tidbits) – Http://SilverPenScribe.Blogspot.com
More of my works available on Smashwords –
Http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Daedaleus
