
METAL HEART
Book 1: The Metal Heart Trilogy

By
Melinda Jasmine Crouchley

Copyright © 2020 Melinda Jasmine Crouchley
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9798676322892
Imprint: Independently published

To Audrey Luna Robertson.
You can do anything you want, and you can be anything you want.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Combat Simulation
2. Anniversary Weirdos
3. Power Differentials
4. Intriguing Propositions
5. Unanswered Questions
6. Something Changes
7. Simulation Combat
8. Circumstantial Evidence
9. Corporal Punishment
10. Flight Testing
11. Revelations
12. Plan B
13. Solitary Confinement
14. Photothermal Deflection
15. Security Lockdown
16. Failsafe Activation
17. Reunions
18. Runaways
Epilogue
About the Author

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I’ve always loved stories set in the future, because they highlighted the potential for human achievement and for things possibly “working out.” I’ve also always placed a lot of faith in humanity to ultimately do the right thing when it came to solving major issues that might bring about the ruination of the human race.
Unfortunately, sometimes, things don’t always work out. Metal Heart was born out of a desire to peer far ahead into the future, to understand how technology and capitalism and globalism and terrorism and an unstoppable pandemic set against the backdrop of global climate change… how all that would reak havoc on the world.
Eleni Garza’s story came to me in a dream that I wrote down and stuffed into the ideas folder. I didn’t let her emerge until one long dark November when I was unemployed and the timing just seemed right to write a book. But it wasn’t ever just one book. No. My first book had to be three books. Because of course it did.
My journey with Metal Heart wouldn’t have happened without the loving support, gentle and insistent encouragement of my spouse, Daniel Robertson. I also have to give a shout-out to my first beta-readers—Erin Lowrie, Nicole Burnham, Jan Robertson, Karen Crouchley, Jim Crouchley, and Liz Wease. You saw the ugliest version of the manuscript and told me where it sucked the most and cared enough to read it again and again.
I can’t forget Angel Porter for passing the book off to Karen Roehm Dewitz who gave me the advice to seek out a literary agent. I still don’t have one, but I did find the confidence to publish this book myself. I can’t forget to name all the individuals who contributed to that initial GoFundMe so I could attend my first ever writing conference in 2016.
Special thanks to:
Denise Hughes
Katherine Whitner
Jan Robertson
Alexis Lund
Addie Beseda
Erin Lowrie Kemper
Erin Cook
Karen Crouchley
Jesse Graff
Joshua Graessley
Catherine LoRe
Liz Wease
Sarah Sams
Nicole Burnham
Rick, Katie, and Angel Porter
Kimberly Menig
Katrina Struloeff
You all believed in me before I really believed in me and I can’t thank you enough for the monetary support and the encouragement every step of the way.
The Multnomah County Library Writers Project made my publishing dreams come true for the very first time. What a valuable service our library systems provide to their communities.
It’s been a wild journey and it’s still not over. There are two more books in the series: Tin Road and Iron Curtain.
You gotta see what happens next.


CHAPTER ONE:
COMBAT SIMULATION
On Tuesdays we run combat SIMS from behind the front lines.
My squadmate Rabbit Santiago and I are nestled securely inside a virtual tank, plopped down just outside of a bombed-out desert city. Our objective is to provide air support using our drones to scout ahead of the troops. The manufactured rubble strewn in front of us reminds me of the Afghanistan landscape and the rusted, broken signs are all scripted in Arabic.
We monitor the drone’s visual feeds on our bands, routing information to the troops and tracking any movement we pick up on the battlefield. Reports are made to Corazon, our squad leader, via the mics attached to our helmets, in order to keep chatter off the waves.
This is a routine simulation, on a routine Tuesday, at routine Fort Columbia in grey-washed Oregon and we’re tucked so far away from the danger of battle I’ve grown bored watching the shapes and colors morph on the virtual in front of me.
None of this is real. This far away from the action, I sometimes question if we’re even real. Right now it feels more like we’re big kids with big guns. Fake soldiers playing at war while the world outside our walls is ravaged by the nano virus. We’re the last, best hope for keeping the peace and ensuring survival beyond the virus. We’re the final line between what’s left of society and the terrorists. But why does it still feel like we’re invisible?
The only reality is mandatory national service. It’s the reality and the lie. And the desire to escape this prison climbs and crashes in my body like the explosions outside our metal confines. But for me there’s no return to a restful normal life again. Not after what I did. Not after what I’ve become. I pull in a deep breath of the tangy sterile tank air, breathing in the odd scent of bleach, sweat, and cinnamon that accompanies Santiago like a musk.
I blow it out in a long weary sigh. Does he even know how his smell permeates the tight quarters, drowning out the blinking lights and breaking up my concentration?
“Hold up.” Santiago sits up straighter, his helmet lightly bumping against the roof. “Garza, you see that?” He tilts his band awkwardly towards me.
Santiago, who stands a foot taller than I do, is folded into the cramped space like a long-limbed paper crane, his beak nose grazing the tank wall in front of us. He barely has room to move without brushing against me and his arm veers dangerously close to touching mine. He stops just short, bordering on casual indifference.
A slash of color pulses in the bowels of a building in the northeast corner of the map. I blink and the purple beacon vanishes, leaving a trace of radiant light bursts in its wake. I slip a gloved hand under my visor, wiping sweat from my brow. The brightness dissipates, but a high-pitched squeal picks up in their stead. I knock my fists against both sides of my helmet to shake out the sound. It wavers and then stops.
“You alright over there?” Santiago asks.
I shrug, and refocus on the map. “I don’t see it. I did, for a second. I don’t see it anymore,” I say.
Our displays show nothing but crumbling skyscrapers and cracking towers. Innocent citizens fleeing before the sting of war. Their blurred images haunt across the screen like ghosts. It shouldn’t have to be like this. We should have been able to stop this.
But we’re in the shit now.
“Right here. A weird signature in this building.” Santiago points towards a squat white tenement with stone peeling off the walls.
“Not human?” I squint. Maybe my eye implant is shorting out and feeding me bad information. In two years of perfect operation, this would be a first. I blink hard and bypass the visor again, pressing my fingers to the synthetic eyelid for a bio reset.
When I blink my false eye back open, I catch Santiago staring. He clears his throat, diverting his gaze to the energy signatures I don’t see. It’s not the eye implant he’s drawn to, because Prothero constructed that to look as human as possible. They were eerily exacting in their work. What he’s staring at are the twinkling blue-green data chips and wires woven into the skin at my temple—the scars rumpling the skin on the left side of my face and neck and running down onto my collarbone. That’s what he’s really looking at. It’s not the first time I’ve caught him staring either, but he’s hardly the first person to stare. The thing is, we’ve been on the same squad for almost six months. You think he’d be used to it by now.
Santiago clears his throat. “It’s some kind of missile system,” he says, rotating the building image. His drone jet hovers in the air above the building, collecting and transmitting the data. “I’m taking it in for a closer look.”
“Careful.”
He lowers the jet, angling it in broken windows, searching in rooms with holes blown in the siding.
“There’s definitely a hot item, but I can’t get a good visual. It’s the same signatures of the missile system we saw two weeks ago in that forest SIM. You remember this deep purple color?”
“Confirmed,” I say. But I can’t read the data on the screen he points to. I can’t see anything inside the building. It’s just a grey, ugly wall. “Would you like assistance Raptor Two?”
He cocks his head, suspicion warping his otherwise congenial features. Here we go.
This behavior stems from my status as the top resident in the Aeronautics specialization. Santiago has played second string since I stepped out of the testing room. But it’s not like my privilege is unearned. I pilot Raptor One, have logged more hours in the flight simulator, and possess the highest grade in our Tech class. I’m smart and focused. I didn’t buy my way into service like Clinton Fuller, son of Senator Edmund Fuller, hailing from the great state of Texas. I didn’t volunteer like Rory “Rabbit” Santiago with his near perfect NEL score.
Santiago has never acknowledged our rivalry, though tension formed between us the moment we met. The first time we shook hands, a knot of anxiety tightened in my stomach. Now, no matter how much time we spend together, no matter how comfortable the silence—he makes me nervous. He’s the only one in our Academy specialization who even comes close to presenting as competition.
Maybe it’s just that. Friendly competition. Someone to finally keep pace with the untouchable Eleni Garza. And maybe it’s not just that. Maybe it’s something else. I wouldn’t know the answer to that because Santiago is good at being hard to read.
Like now. Despite his obvious annoyance, he’s reigned all his emotions in and ironed them over, like the tank wheels grinding through the dirt, boiling everything up under a facade of calm.
“I’m going to drop this building. Condor Five, do you copy? Can we move all friendlies out of the blast area?” Santiago requests.
Corazon’s voice crackles over the speakers built into our helmets. “Do you have Raptor One for backup?”
“Negative. I’m on this.”
“I don’t think so. Garza, monitor the area for enemy combatants. Do you read?”
“Copy that Condor Five, I’m moving into location now.”
Santiago covers his helmet mic and turns, his nose literally brushing against the wall of the tank. “I’ve got this Garza.”
I spin the jet around and aim it at the building Raptor Two hovers near. “Only doing as ordered,” I say.
“Sure. Right.” He uncovers his mic. “Condor Five, I’ve got Raptor One in-bound. Am I go ahead to deploy?”
“Affirmative. Light it up.”
Santiago grins at the visual projected from his band. The heat mark explodes like a luminous beacon on my read-out. It shudders on the virtual as my drone approaches. A second color blinks to life on the fourth floor of the building, pulsing just below the missile signature.
“Raptor Two, hold your fire,” I say, zooming in on the image. It’s red, a human signature. There are people in the building.
“We have a live target.”
Live being a relative term. The SIM civilians aren’t real, but they are considered as such in field exercises. We wouldn’t sacrifice them outside of these doors, so we don’t sacrifice them during an operation. Those are the rules.
“I’m not seeing it, Raptor One. I have go ahead. Delivering the package.”
“It’s not all clear. Let me investigate first. There are humans in there!” I urge my drone jet faster.
He scowls. “There’s nothing on my monitor except the explosive. Condor Five, can you confirm human presence in the building?”
“I cannot. Raptor Two, hold your fire. Raptor One, show me what you see. Patch me in.”
I exhale a trembling sigh of relief. Multiple human heat signatures now appear in the building. I tap on the band monitor, giving Corazon full access to the scans of my drone. She remains silent for a moment. It’s an uncomfortable, drawn out silence. “Raptor One, no visual confirmation. Garza, you’re seeing things.”
I squint at the screen. The signatures are there, right in front of me, and if I angle the drone correctly, there’s an opening. I’ve gained a full view into the building. Humans are inside. A group huddles against a far wall and a young boy stands at the gaping hole, leaning out. He waves his arms in dreamy arcing motions, leaving traces of color and light trailing in their wake.
“There’s a group of people on my monitor right now, women and children. Condor Five, Raptor Two, are you blind?”
“Raptor One, is this a joke?” Santiago turns, studying my virtual with confusion.
I zoom in closer, hovering so near the building the face of the young man leaning over the gaping expanse swims into startling clarity. It’s a face I’ve sketched on a notepad more than a hundred times. The face belongs to the author of the letters in a tin box I keep in my room, to a boy named Mateo. A freeze takes hold of me. Voices chatter over the headsets, the colors flash on the monitor, and faces swim in and out of focus, but I’m unable to will my fingers to move. A faint odor, like the greasy scent of melting plastic, fills my nostrils.
“Condor Five, I’m going to drop the payload. Can Raptor One backup?” Santiago asks.
“Raptor One, back up. Back up!”
“I—I can’t,” I say. On the screen Mateo’s long hair flaps in the swirling wind from the drone jets. He’s waving out of the opening, mouthing inaudible exclamations. I flick on the targeted audio in the drone. At first, the only sound is the scream and buzz of Raptor Two’s jet engine. I aim the mic in the direction of the building, straight at the opening.
“Help us! Eleni!” the voices call from the radio. “We need your help. We need you!”
The blood drains from my cheeks. My heart jackhammers inside my chest.
“Santiago, are you hearing this?” I ask.
This can’t be happening.
My trembling fingers push the signal over our helmets, so the entire squad hears the audio booming in their speakers. The volume is turned up so loud—it’s almost deafening.
“Garza.” Santiago turns to me again, no longer indifferent. “I don’t hear anything. You OK?”
Over the radio Corazon shouts, “Raptor One move now!”
“You look sick,” Santiago says. “Are you going to be sick?”
He shifts over to grab my shoulders. Ordinarily I would try to stop him…but I just can’t. His comically large hands eclipse my upper arms. How is he even this big? I don’t bother pushing him away. It’s too late to stop him. He’s already hit the sequence on his band to destroy the building. Santiago’s drone shoots a bunker bomb through a sixth-floor window. It explodes on impact. I can’t move. I can’t move my jet.
I leave Mateo hanging out the opening, a group of women and children huddled in the room behind him, screaming for help. Calling for me. Horror grips and paralyzes me as the explosion collapses the building. The ceiling falls in on the group of people, taking my drone down with it. I watch the spiraling crash to the ground and the loss of signal as Raptor One blows apart.
“Garza, what are you doing!?” Corazon shouts over the radio.
I’m keenly aware of Santiago touching me, his giant hand pressed tentatively against my shoulder. I sense the uncomfortable proximity of his face to mine. The concern etched into his features. I shove him away and jump to my feet, ripping my helmet off and tossing it to the tank floor. I push the hatch of the tank open and clamber outside, gasping for air. I can’t breathe. My false lung is malfunctioning. I stumble off the edge of the tank, collapsing on the ground. My head spins.
Santiago exits the hatch and jumps to the ground. “What’s going on?”
I turn towards him, my vision blurring. “I saw people. I saw people in there.”
“Yeah. You said that. Hey, you’re—you’re bleeding.” His finger touches beneath my nose, bumping against my top lip. Red smears across his finger. That’s not good.
I touch my nose, my fingers also coming away bloody. Santiago blinks, studying me. He probably thinks I’m taking performance enhancing drugs, like Flash. I sniff some of the fluid back into my nose, rubbing at the rest staining my upper lip. I’m not taking Flash. Only idiots take Flash. My weakness is Salt. But drugs are not my problem right now. Drugs are the least of my problems. Why today? Why did this have to happen today?
“It’s only blood,” I say.
“We’re not supposed to bleed in here. It’s a SIM.”
“People get hurt all the time. Luis broke three of his fingers a month ago. And Clinton always—”
“Idiots who aren’t paying attention. You’re not an idiot.”
Corazon arrives, her impossibly short legs hammering against the SIM terrain like engine pistons. A red sprig of braided hair pokes out of the bottom of her helmet. Our squadmates Clinton Fuller and Luis Kang saunter behind her, smirking.
“Out,” Corazon orders, pointing towards the SIM entrance.
“I didn’t mean to wreck the jet. I saw people. I heard voices.”
“No, you didn’t. Get out,” Corazon repeats, another strand of her braided red hair slipping loose from the bottom of her helmet.
“There were people in the building.” I pinch the bridge of my nose in a futile attempt to stem the crimson trickle.
“Out! Before I remove you.” Corazon stalks closer. “Make me physically remove you. I would love to.”
There’s no more arguing. Not with Corazon. I pick myself up and hobble away, unsteady on my feet. I’m almost to the door when Santiago jogs up, holding my helmet.
He pushes it into my open palm, his expression caught between discomfort and sympathy.
“You really didn’t see those signatures? Those people?” I ask.
He shakes his head.
“I believe you saw something.” The corners of his lips twitch into a brief, fleeting smile. “And it spooked you. Ghosts in the machine? You seeing ghosts?”
“Not ghosts. I saw someone, Santiago. Why won’t you believe me?”
“Garza,” he says, hesitating. His slightly too bushy brows are knit together with genuine concern. Like Corazon, a stray piece of his curling hair slips out from his helmet. Unlike Corazon, he pushes it off his forehead carelessly. We stand together in a long, drawn out silence while hot fluid drains from my nostrils and drips down over my chin. I’m bleeding and really should get out of the SIM before Corazon makes good on her promise. But Santiago’s gesture of kindness sprouts like roots from the ground, knitting me to this spot.
“Garza, you—”
“Rabbit, you coming or what?” Clinton’s voice crackles over our helmets.
Fuller’s his best friend—the notorious Clinton Fuller. The only truly noteworthy thing about Fuller is how he’s managed to survive this long in National Service without being booted due to failing grades. It probably helps that Edmund Fuller has deep pockets and is a healthy contributor to the Fort Columbia Endowment Fund. And Rabbit Santiago’s here barrelling through National Service, dragging wealthy Fuller along fluttering in his coattails.
Santiago sighs, his shoulders falling. I’ve never seen him fail to respond when Fuller calls. It’s Pavlovian. “You should get your nose checked out, you’re bleeding everywhere,” Santiago mutters before jogging back towards the EMP tank.
I shoulder through the main SIM door into a dimly lit metal corridor colored with dull amber light. Phosphorescent rays of silver dash over me, scanning my limbs and the SIM suit, verifying I’m not smuggling out any unregistered tech. Making sure whatever exists in the SIM stays there.
A clipped female voice shivers out of the walls. “All clear Eleni Garza.”
A row of lockers rolls down from the ceiling and I remove the individual pieces of gear from the haptic suit—the chest plate, the pads, the heavy boots, the helmet and the slick blue one piece that zips from my neck to the bottom of my torso. Extracting these clothes is so cumbersome, a small pool of the blood dripping from my nose builds at my feet.
I’m staring at my own reflection in the blood pool when the door next to me clicks open and blinding silver rays brighten the hall. The hulking form of Clinton, followed by the tall, reedy body of Santiago emerge from the lights and enter into the locker room.
I stand in the gloom wearing nothing but a sports bra and underwear, a silver metal necklace bearing an ornate coin dangling between my breasts. Santiago clears his throat and averts his gaze. Clinton stares at me lasciviously, offering an approving nod.
“Nice panties Garza,” he chuckles, elbowing Santiago.
“You want to borrow them?” I ask. “They’re probably your size.”
Santiago chokes out a laugh like dry leaves rustling, and heads to his locker on the other side of the hall. He always dresses with his back to the room, a bizarre form of modesty on a military base where no such thing exists.
“You’re still bleeding,” Clinton accuses from two doors down, jamming his helmet into the top rack with an unnecessary display of force.
“I’ll get it checked out,” I mutter, retrieving my off-duty green cargo pants, black shirt and hooded jacket from the locker. I step into the pants, pulling and zipping them up as quickly as possible. I want to get out of here. I’m not used to being in the locker room alone with two male residents.
“Did you go crazy in there or what?” Clinton asks, shedding his elbow pads. “Are you cracking up?”
Fuller bends down to unlace his boots. I contemplate delivering a swift kick to his head to end his crude interrogation, but decide against it. Fuller needs what little brain cells he has intact and fully operational.
“I’m fine,” my voice wavers, betraying me. “Everything is fine.”
“You’re cracking up. What about you Rabbit? You think Garza’s cracking up? You think she can’t handle the pressure?” Clinton gazes up at me from his perch. The light shadows his face and bared teeth, giving him a feral appearance.
“I don’t know. She seems upset,” Santiago says, not turning.
It’s a pointed and diplomatic statement designed to reveal nothing to no one.
“Why are you guys out here anyway?” I ask, pulling the hooded sweatshirt over my head with a mental sigh of relief. Nude and vulnerable with Fuller around is not my preferred state. Nude and vulnerable with Santiago? I don’t even let myself entertain the thought. Not now. Not today. Not ever.
“Rabbit couldn’t concentrate after your mental breakdown. He bombed the wrong target and almost wrecked his drone. Corazon was so pissed. Said her pilots are a bunch of fuck ups and ordered Rabbit out. I left in solidarity.” Clinton stands six feet away, naked except for boxers, studying me with bemusement. Santiago says nothing. “You two need to get your shit together.”
“You alright?” I direct my question to Santiago’s back.
He pivots his neck slightly like some kind of prehistoric bird, and raises his brows in surprise.
“Yeah. I’m fine.”
“You seem fine.” I lift the corner of my mouth. “Aside from hanging out with Fuller.”
“Fair point.” He turns to face us.
He’s pulled on a tight white shirt, exposing the half sleeve tattoo on his left arm. An inky black phoenix bird chasing a rabbit up to the moon, the whole image curling up and around his bicep. My gaze moves to his face. The corner of his mouth lifts to mirror mine.
“Take care of yourself, Garza. We need good pilots.”
The metal heart in my chest constricts, as it does from time to time, and I suck in my breath a little too sharply. The corner lift of his mouth deepens. His nose crinkles. I’ve been staring at him longer than is socially acceptable, especially since he’s not wearing pants.
I whirl away from him, slamming my locker door shut and hitting a soft key button on my wristband to connect with the SIM security system. Silver light pours into the hallway, casting an eerie pallor over us.
Behind me Fuller says, “I’m a good pilot.”
A swollen silence passes in which neither Santiago or I respond to Fuller. The sudden emptiness of words crackles between us. I hesitate at the door, waiting for someone else to speak. Waiting for Santiago to speak.
“Not better than Garza.”
Another prolonged silence, another cascading moment where the hairs on my arm tingle and rub hot against the fabric of my hoodie. Ozone scent climbs into my nostrils. I breathe it in deeply. Not better than Garza. Santiago thinks I’m good. I know for a fact I’m good, but it’s different when someone else says it.
“Neither are you,” Fuller says. “You’re not better than Garza.”
One more moment. I can only linger one more moment in the locker room without being too obvious. I just need to hear the last thing Santiago says before I go. He thinks he’s better than me. Doesn’t he?
“Nobody’s better than Garza,” Santiago says, his tone irritatingly neutral.
The crisp feminine voice reports, “No Prothero SIM technology detected. You may exit.”
With a cushiony exhalation of air and a wash of green flickering in the dark corners of the hall, the far wall slides open. The floor beneath my feet shifts and rolls forward, dumping me out into the raw, blustering January air. The door seals tightly shut behind me. Winter rain splashes down, mixing with the blood trickling over my chin. I pause for a moment and draw in a sharp painful breath.
I haven’t seen Mateo Alvarez in four years.
And I just killed him.


CHAPTER TWO:
ANNIVERSARY WEIRDOS
There’s not much time to contemplate the mysterious and terrifying SIM appearance of Mateo. Not today. After a brief visit to the medical wing for a scolding from Nurse Esperanza, I skip dinner and make my annual pilgrimage to the non-denominational chapel Prothero erected on the Fort Columbia base. It was constructed within the last five years and the walls and floors retain a fresh chemical smell I associate with military installations.
An ordained priest leads services here twice a week, Wednesdays and Sundays. A rabbi Thursdays and Saturdays. They both commute in from Portland by train. The Buddhist monk sleeps in the only quarters the chapel provides. He performs all the other services, maintains the building, makes sure to douse the candles in the evenings.
I’ve only passed these doors half a dozen times. There are a few times of the year where I need solace. I find it here. Amongst the smell of fresh paint and treated wood and the streaming winter sunshine from the floor length windows. The church is mostly glass. The Prothero government has reservations about surveillance cameras in churches, but people in glass chapels can’t hide.
I pull the door open and the quiet assaults my senses first. Anywhere else on Fort Columbia there is always noise. Coughing, snoring, chattering, rustling. The sound of water flowing through pipes and floors, the hum of electricity, doors closing and opening, footsteps in the hallways.
In the Chapel it’s silent. The steps of my booted feet are loud and disruptive to the peace. I survey the room. A wooden confessional with decorative panel doors is built into the left wall. An image of Jesus Christ crucified on the cross hangs on the wall behind a raised stage and podium. To my right is a basin of holy water and behind that, tucked into the wall is a display of white candles, with eight rows and ten candles in each row. A sprinkling of candles are lit and the tiny flames dance, their spark reflected on the glass around them.
I side-step the holy water basin and move towards the illuminated wall. My business here will be brief. I try to avoid seeing the priest or rabbi or monk whenever I make a quick jaunt in. I don’t want to hear about God. I just want to light a candle.
I’m about to pick up the incense burner when the door behind me whooshes open on its well-oiled hinges. I turn as a familiar, stooped shape enters. I spin away, flipping the hood up over my head. I hear him stride to the basin, the soft plink of his fingers dipping into the liquid, the rustling of his clothing as he makes the sign of the cross, and moves into the pews. He takes a seat on the sparse wooden bench. I let out a watery sigh and grab the incense, setting it against the wick of a candle. It sparks.
I rifle in my pocket and pull out a letter from one of the weirdos. The people who remember the anniversary just like I do. They remind me I am loved and cared about by complete strangers who sympathize with my plight. I touch the incense burner to the bottom of the letter and a flame catches, crackles, and licks up the paper material. I watch it burn and feel nothing but the gravity of Rabbit Santiago watching me across the distance.
“What are you doing?” he asks while flames consume all those senseless, comforting words, turning them to ash. Finally the fire touches my fingers and I close my palm around it fast. It burns.
“Stop. Stop!” Santiago calls out, scrambling out of the pew, down the short hallway and over to the basin. He grabs my hand and, with no other option available, dips it into the holy water.
Another sigh escapes me as the cool liquid counteracts the false pain. The scorched skin isn’t real, but my brain tells me it is. The nanos send the warning signals and the heat registers in my phantom limb.
“What are you doing?” he asks again, scowling down at the basin of fouled holy water.
“Minding my own business.” I pull my hand away from him and jam it in my pocket. There’s another letter in there from another secret admirer who refuses to forget the past.
“Not wanting to die in a fire kinda makes it my business.”
Hard to argue with that logic.
“I’m not lighting the church on fire. I get these letters once a year. I don't like them. So, I burn them,” I say, narrowing my eyes at him. “I’m just burning letters.”
“Not that you asked my opinion, but it doesn’t seem like a great ritual.”
“You’re right. I didn’t ask your opinion.”
Santiago’s lips twitch but he stays put. My rock-solid wall of sarcasm will be no deterrent here. He’s dug in his heels. “I’ve never seen you at Mass. Didn’t realize you were religious.” Santiago tips his head towards the sparsely decorated, cavernous ceiling.
“I’m not.”
“So, you hang out in churches burning letters for fun?” he asks, his lips twitching again.
“Just once a year. Just today. The day my parents died.”
His face falls, and his brows pivot up in an expression of concern that I recognize from the SIM earlier. I’ve succeeded in rattling him twice today. It’s a new personal record. I’m not sure why I’m telling him any of this. Maybe it’s the loneliness in my chest, the emptiness of the chapel, the confessional mood all these religious trappings inspire.
Or maybe it’s Santiago, who I’ve been trusting with my virtual life for the last five months. Santiago who I see almost every day. Santiago, the patron saint of confined spaces and pilot simulations and mysterious tattoos and comfortable silences.
“The Paris bombing,” he says. “That was today.”
“It’s not exactly something you forget.”
I pull my burnt hand from my pocket—studying it. It’s raw, but the wounded flesh heals itself, the nanos stitching the pale pseudo dermis back together with swiftness and precision that could only be engineered by man and carried out by robots.
“Not something you forget,” Santiago echoes. The weight of his gaze burns on my cheeks, but I don’t lift my head.
“What are you in for?” I ask, nodding towards the front of the church, changing the subject. “You don’t seem religious either.”
“My mom guilts me. She waved me about mass the other day and I haven’t gone in a couple weeks. I told her I’d go today, and we synched our bands for the same time. It’s kind of like being in the same place. The same time zone—” He shrugs and fires off a loose smile, letting it hang in the air like the end of his sentence.
“What time zone is your Mom in?” I ask. “North America?”
“A little further than that.” His nose wrinkles again. “A lot further, actually. Haven’t seen her in five years.”
“Do you miss her?”
“Of course I do. Do you miss them?”
“Of course I do.”
He pauses and rubs a hand across the back of his neck, diverting his gaze up to the ceiling. Still nothing of interest to look at up there. “Is that why you saw those ghosts in the SIM?” he asks, not making eye contact.
It didn’t occur to me the two might be related, but it’s not a bad supposition. They’re not related though. This is the third anniversary of the bombing. If I was gonna have a nervous breakdown, it would have happened before now. Right?
Santiago watches me now, waiting for an answer to his question.
“I saw what I saw.” I sidestep the basin between us and move past him. “I’m not crazy.”
“I didn’t say you were. You don’t have to be crazy to see ghosts.”
“Sure. Well you and Fuller—”
“I’m not Fuller,” he says quickly, voice tinged with the slightest hint of anger. “Just because Clint says something, doesn’t mean I agree. Come on Garza, give me a little credit.”
“Why should I? You didn’t listen to me in the SIM when it mattered.” I turn away from him and head towards the door. “Now you’re just here to mock me.”
“Don’t. Don’t go,” he says, holding out a hand to stop me. It does. Stops me right in my tracks. Something about the new tone in his voice. The difference between him ushering me out of the SIM earlier and asking me to stay now. Maybe Santiago isn’t Fuller. “I’m not here to mock you. I’m supposed to be repenting my sins. And besides, you haven’t finished burning things.”
He points down at the letter in my hand. A lopsided grin blooms on my lips, despite the anxiety and irritation pecking at my insides. He’s right. I haven’t finished my mission.
He grins back. It’s not the first time he’s ever grinned at me, but it’s the first time he’s done it when we’re alone together. It’s the first time we’ve ever been alone together.
“You’re not going to stop me this time?” I ask.
“No. Just don’t light yourself on fire.”
“I’m not going to light myself on fire. That only happened the one time. Three years ago.”
He winces. “That’s not very reassuring. How’s your hand?” He gestures toward the red, angry skin rapidly losing its crimson color. The computer is almost repaired.
“It’s fine. It’s not like real pain. It’s simulated, the kind of sensory shock a droid might receive if it bumps into a wall.”
“But you’re not a droid,” Santiago observes. It’s hard to tell if that’s a question or a statement.
“I’m not.”
“You’re not a droid.” Santiago holds up a closed fist and lifts one finger. “And you burn letters in churches.” He lifts another finger. “Now I know two things about Eleni Garza.”
He closes his fist back up and offers me a genuine smile, not one of those ghost grins. It lights up his whole face. The first time he’s fully smiled at me when we’re alone together. The crinkle around his eyes makes my toes itch to take a step back. I curb the urge to flee from his smile. This is OK. We’re squadmates. This is OK.
My metal heart shudders. “Are you making a list?”
He chuckles. “I am. It’s a pretty short list. You going to finish those letters?” He taps on one of the paper envelopes. “You didn’t open this one.”
“I don’t need to. They all say the same thing. Anniversary weirdos filled with useless pity. I don’t want their pity or their gifts. I just want to forget.”
“Does it help you forget?" he asks. “The burning?”
“A little.”
“Does it help you feel?”
“A little. I told you—I don’t feel pain. Not the way you do.” I pull the damaged hand from my pocket and hold it up for him to inspect. Nanos healed all the wounds. “Prothero took care of that for me.”
His mouth twists and he reaches towards me with his long fingers, then draws them away as if he would be burnt himself.
“Must be nice,” he says. “Not to feel anything.”
“You think so?” I narrow my eyes at him. No one really wants to feel nothing, do they?
He looks away. “Maybe not.”
He moves to jam his hand in his pocket, and I notice a beaded rosary bracelet cinched around his wrist. A tiny red cross dangles down between two white beads. A bolt of recognition shoots through me, but I can’t place it. Maybe because whenever we’re in close proximity he’s clothed in a uniform. But it looks so familiar, I must have seen it before and forgotten.
“What’s that?” I gesture towards the bracelet.
“It’s a rosary.” He tucks it down into his sleeve. “I wear it so I don’t forget to go to church and catch people trying to light themselves on fire.”
“I guess it’s working then.”
His gaze drifts down to the letter.
“What’s it like?” he asks. “All that pressure to be the perfect victim for these people you don’t even know?”
“Shitty. It used to be worse. A lot worse. So I went crazy and cut off my hair and ripped the implants out of my face. Most of the crazy I don’t remember but I remember the bombing in excruciating detail and sometimes it’s all I think about—kind of like time froze in that moment and it just keeps repeating over and over again in my brain.”
“And everything else exists in the before and after. Like your life gets divided in two.”
“Yeah.” I furrow my eyebrows. “Exactly like that. How do you—”
He interrupts me—his words running on top of mine in a way that feels accidental but also calculated and designed to change the topic. “You going to burn those? You promised pyrotechnics and I’m here to make sure you deliver.”
“You do love fire.”
He ghost-smiles and gives a low chuckle. “Guilty.”
“Do you—do you want to burn one?”
He gives a reserved nod. I offer the letter to him. He accepts it with a rolling of his shoulders, as if a heavy weight pushes down onto him. I turn and grab a lit candle, touching it to the bottom of the page. It burns fast but he keeps his eyes locked on mine. The flames hit his skin and he curses under his breath in Spanish, dropping the letter. The paper ash drifts to the floor. He sucks the tip of thumb and forefinger to dull the pain, looking down at me with a little lift to his lips. My stomach dips unexpectedly.
I turn to reset the candle into the display.
“Did you feel anything?” I ask, my back to him.
“I felt something,” he whispers. The emphasis on the final word makes the hairs on the nape of my neck tingle. I will myself not to turn around. “Did you?”
Again, the plink of his fingers dipping into the water. He performs the sign of the cross, moving to the entryway and down the row of pews. He stops to kneel and say a prayer in front of the crucifix. I watch him, compelled by his sincerity in these actions.
The Buddhist monk enters from a side door and nods kindly at me. I don’t return the favor. Rabbit stirs and looks over at him, blinking. He wipes a palm across his face and rises from the ground. I take this opportunity to slip out the door.
Scarlett Buford, my best friend, waits on the steps leading up to the chapel exterior. Her presence so shortly after my intimate run-in with Santiago disorients me. I stop in my tracks.
“What are you doing here?”
“I might be blonde but I’m not dumb. I know what day it is. I know you come here on the anniversary. I know you well enough Lenbot,” she says, her voice bordering on cross. “Also, we exchanged GPS coordinates. I always know where you are.”
“Oh, right.”
“Let’s get out of here,” she says, looping her arm through my elbow and dragging me down the church steps. “This place creeps me out.”
“You don’t like church?”
“Not particularly. Religion never made life wonderful for me. This, however, is going to take us somewhere wonderful. Like neverland.” She drops a round, white pill in my palm.
“What is this, Scar?” I ask, closing my stiff fingers around it. The newly repaired synthetic skin wraps tight around my robotic arm, covering it with a sparkling nano sheen. It will take time for the skin to loosen and return to its normal state.
“An anniversary present. Don’t ask questions,” she insists. “And don’t take it yet.”
She pulls me across the base, past the dormant tanks and helos and the silent airfield, to the gates on the north-western end of Fort Columbia which open towards Hood River and away from The Dalles. She navigates the rocky terrain on four-inch heels with a terrifying swiftness. I stumble along behind her in combat boots like a toddler wearing new shoes.
We skirt around the plasma cannons entombed in the ground underneath us, until we round a bend in the earth that brings us to the first stop on our route.
The thick concrete walls of the Fort Columbia base separate us from the train depot on the other side. The silent uniformed guards standing sentry at the gate don’t bother Scarlett. They’re a staple of the scenery, like the trees and the bats. She drops a baggy of Salt in an outstretched hand and the gate opens effortlessly.
“What’s in the bag?” I inquire, after we pass security.
“Told you not to ask questions,” she says.
“I don’t like surprises.”
She sighs explosively. “Fine, there are clothes in my bag. For you.”
“Are we running away?” I ask, a scoop of fear and excitement dipping in my belly.
“For the night.” She grins mischievously.
I return the smile, but it’s hard to swallow back my disappointment. Today’s not the day for running from Prothero. Today’s the day for running from ghosts, real or imagined.
We walk in the wintry darkness, only the bands illuminating our path. Owls hoot and bat wings clatter, whipping through the night above our heads. Overhead the Iron Curtain, the massive Prothero funded satellite hangs over our heads like a second moon. It’s monstrous and ugly, a permanent fixture in the sky to remind the entire world who’s really in charge. I shiver, and it’s easy to blame it on the cold.
Scar moves so fast and with such confidence, that despite my extra sharp kinetic senses, I’m left to stumble along behind her. Even out here in the great wide expanse, we are not exposed without a weapon. This is her territory, a well-worn tract of land she could walk blindfolded if the situation required it.
“I figured it out already,” I hiss over her shoulder as we barrel across low brush, the Columbia river to our right, the rolling muddy green hills of the Columbia Gorge to our left. “Where you’re taking me. I don’t want to go.”
“You don’t have a choice. You need this.” Scar doesn’t slow her pace.
“Do I need this or do you?”
“Same thing,” she mutters back to me. “No more arguing please. You’ll attract the wild animals.”
We skitter through the night silently until the train depot appears before us, a dimly lit automated station with comforting bulbs flickering in the solace of a dreary winter evening.
We arrive at the platform just as a high-speed bullet train whooshes to a stop, the brakes hissing and the electric currents shifting between the rails and train, humming a pleasant tune. Relaxation takes hold of my senses. Odd. I haven’t even imbibed Scar’s mystery pill yet.
Scar waves to a baggage attendant—an acne scarred man with short shaved red hair and a splash of freckles contrasting against the gleaming whiteness of his teeth. He wears a stiff grey uniform with green piping signifying the color of the railway we board. The green line runs between Fort Columbia and Portland, our intended destination—Scarlett’s Salt distribution territory. She is drug-running and dragging me along with her. I try to work up anger or irritation at this intrusion on my bombing-anniversary ritual, which has already been intruded upon by both Rabbit Santiago and Clinton Fuller, but nothing comes. Nothing comes from nothing. And a metal heart feels nothing.

In my dreams I keep dying. By electrocution, by explosion. I’m walking for miles down a sterile, white hallway similar to those in the Prothero lab where they rebuilt my broken body—but it stretches on endlessly with hundreds of doors. Some open as I pass, revealing the horrors lurking inside. My dead parents, disfigured from the explosion, clothed in hospital scrubs hovering over my bloodied corpse on an operating table. Burnt and mutilated children, with the smell of fried flesh wafting towards me. Moaning, helpless victims of the nano virus, black veins tangled like roots in their skin.
The sounds of chaos and suffering bounces off the walls and echoes down the corridor. Whispering, fuzzing voices—a high pitched whining sound and the crunch of static. The scent of copper, the taste of metal on my tongue, the tempo of the buzzing increases, until I have no other choice but to run. The end of the hallway holds the key to my salvation, if I can only reach it before the noises drown me completely.
Overhead the fluorescents crackle and snap, the bulbs exploding as I pass, raining down glass and little sparks of electricity, landing on me like flakes of snow. They absorb into my skin, leaving a glowing blue residue in their wake. I run to avoid the mini explosions above, but escape is futile. My presence triggers them.
Up ahead, the door recedes no matter how fast I run, until there’s no other choice but to give up. I slump against a sterile white wall, closing my eyes in defeat. When I open them again, the door is right in front of me. I swipe my band across the security key to enter and the heavy metal door slides cleanly open, silencing all the sinister noise in my ears. The illumination spilling into the hallway blinds me, and I take the first step inside, shielding my face.
The room is huge, cavernous, a storage warehouse devoid of any items. My shuffling steps echo against the walls as I move further into the beam. A large platform rises in front of me, and on it rotates a massive metal ball riddled with microchips and wires. It is suspended in mid air of its own accord, there are no cables attached either above or below. I stumble towards it, drawn by its overwhelming size and the subtle shivering of the metal. It emits a pleasant calming hum, transfixing and compelling me forward.
I approach with caution, and though the room is too large for this to be a reality, I’ve only taken two or three steps before I’m at the base of the platform. I mount the stairs, and notice the entire platform is composed of a similar material to the metal ball. It thrums and shudders beneath me, like a microscopic, violent earthquake. As I step down, the wires and coils trapped within the metal flare a vivid green and fade away. The platform senses and tracks my progress.
I’m close now. I’ve nearly touched the surface of the ball when the humming turns to a scraping, grinding noise. The white-hot light of the room shifts to a strangely familiar silvery blue. A window shutter rolls open to reveal a giant floating mechanical eye. In the center, what must be the pupil, an orange pulse clicks on. Before I can scamper backwards, or run, or contemplate doing either of those things, the beam hammers into my stomach, knocking me off the platform. The room erupts in an electric pulse and the once pleasant humming of the metal ball becomes maddening. Pounding into my skull. Whispering nefariously in my ears.
A robotic, prosthetic arm reaches out from the center of the orb, the iris of the eye. The flesh of the limb is mottled with disease, crisscrossed with data chips and tiny veins of wires. Cybernetics. A fully realized merger of man and machine. But no, not man. This is the arm of a woman. My arm—the one Prothero gave me—palm open and grasping. Somehow, without mounting the steps, I’m standing back on the platform in front of the orb eye. I touch the chilled, synthetic skin. Its fingers lock around mine and pull me forward. I fall into the ball of energy and disintegrate instantly.
When I awake, I should feel fear or terror. Sweat cools on my brow and the metal heart shivers in my chest. I push a tangle of hair out of my eyes, working to calm my ragged breathing. A warmth wraps around my wrist. Growing too hot and almost angry. My body is on high alert, but it’s not fear. Not fear.
I sink into relief, relaxing back into the pillows, pulling the covers over me. What is it? What is this warmth spreading in my chest like the exhalation of breath I’ve trapped for too long? Like the hand trapped in the orb, begging for freedom from its prison. Freedom from its body. Or is it begging for freedom from something else entirely?
Am I begging for freedom too?


CHAPTER THREE:
power diffrentials
A few days later I’m in an empty tech lab, taking apart a third-generation band, the kind with a physical clasp and lock. I’m hoping this process will reveal the secrets of the fifth gen version formed to my prosthetic arm. Three years ago this band existed only as a prototype, but it’s now worn by all Academy residents, Prothero staff, and government officials.
The mysteries of unhinging and rooting the band, continue to elude me, and the best place to find answers lay in the source itself. This process would be helped along significantly by examining a fourth gen model. Those versions acquired a bug, introduced by the Contra terrorist organization exploiting a poorly constructed firewall in a new and improved security feature. The Contras could unlock the bands whenever they wanted with a signal as basic as a radio wave or piece of music. Sloppy work by Prothero, no doubt assisted by a Contra mole on the inside.
Fourth gens don’t exist except for on the Contra black market. No one has figured out a loophole in version five yet. Prothero built them to be impenetrable, unlockable. My mission here, in this room, is simple: I’m going to unlock it. If I can extract myself from the band, maybe I can extract myself from National Service.
Halfway into deconstructing the band with a kinetic knife, a door opens at the front of the room. Clinton Fuller passes the threshold and swaggers over to where I sit, taking a seat on a battered stool at the opposite side of the table. He’s wearing his off-duty clothes, the hooded sweatshirt unzipped to reveal no shirt underneath. He chews on a gristly piece of beef jerky and the aroma of cured meat churns my stomach.
“Garza, you’re the biggest nerd,” he says.
“What do you want, Fuller?” I ask, nerves on high alert. Clinton rarely talks to me. He rarely talks to anyone unless he wants what they possess.
“It’s not what I want, it’s what you’re going to give me,” he replies, confirming my suspicion.
I laugh. He frowns. Probably not used to people laughing at his demands.
“And what’s that?” I ask.
“A passing grade in this class.”
I snort. Without extensive tech knowledge, remotely piloting a Raptor or stepping into the cockpit of a Condor is out of the question. Without National Service experience, a political career is equally dead in the water. Clinton Fuller needs more than my help. He needs a miracle.
“And how am I supposed to deliver that?”
“You’re going to tutor me.”
“No, I’m not,” I say. At the same time, I scoop the scattered band parts into a metal box on the table. I need to get out of here before things turn ugly, so I’m preparing a quick escape.
“Why not?” he demands, because he’s probably used to hearing only compliance.
“Because you’re unteachable. If Rabbit Santiago can’t teach you, I won’t be able to,” I say.
“He has all these moral issues or whatever. You heard what he said. Nobody’s better than Garza.”
I narrow my eyes at him. What was that supposed to mean anyway?
“This could be good for you,” Clinton says. “I’ve got connections. I can protect people like you.”
“I already have all the connections I need in life, Fuller. Thanks.” I slam the container down into a drawer built into the table, a little too harshly. The pieces clatter and roll around. The cacophony is deafening for a moment.
Clinton’s features lock, eyes shrinking to tiny pinpoints in his meaty head.
“Prothero isn’t going to protect you forever,” he says. “That’s why you’re here.”
I sneer at him, but his words sting. Years have passed since I saw Dr. Dawson, my primary surgeon. Three years since I was inside the Prothero lab at DC, since they sold me into National Service and abandoned me here to a fate worse than death. A fate designed to turn me into a weapon, used to kill others.
“You’re an asshole,” I mumble half-heartedly. His mentioning Prothero’s abandonment needles me.
“I want your help, Garza. Why are you holding out on me?” he asks, voice rising.
“I can’t tutor you because…because I don’t really know why I’m so good at this stuff. It comes naturally, it’s intuitive. I can’t explain it and I couldn’t teach it if I wanted to,” I say. “Which I don’t.”
“That’s a lame excuse.” He leans towards me with a smug, satisfied grin. “Let’s stop pretending you have a choice. I get what I want. And I want you to tutor me.”
“Well, it’s not going to happen,” I say.
I scoot back from the table and rise to leave. He clamps a hand down on my left wrist, around the band, squeezing my arm threateningly. The band sends an electric shock flashing over his hand and forearm. A mildly unpleasant sensation bites at my wrist, like a thousand tiny needles poking but not penetrating my skin. He releases me in surprise and pitches off the stool from the force of the electrocution, slamming into the table behind him as if I’d given him a heavy shove.
“What the hell?” he asks, cupping his injured hand delicately. He stares across the table at me like a confused puppy, his head almost cocked at an angle. “How did you do that?”
“I don’t know. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to.” I back away and my cowardly pinwheel backwards reignites the part of him bent towards cruelty.
“Tampering with Prothero technology is illegal.” The sneer he serves up fumbles into a grimace of pain. “My father could destroy you for that.”
“Prothero owns your father. Just like they own me,” I say. “Why would Prothero want to destroy me?”
“One word from my father, and I own you.”
“You couldn’t afford it.”
“I could. Now get the fuck out of here, Garza.”
I don’t need any more motivation. I take long, confident strides to the door and bang through it, then swiftly jog the hallways until I collapse into bed in the barracks. I briefly contemplate waving Scarlett, but she’s busy this evening. She’s out at her Salt patch, past the east end of the base, checking the tarp she lays over the beds during the frosty winter weather, making sure no wild animals disturbed her preparations. She won’t be back until after lights-out.
I lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling, ruminating on the fantastic frying sensation of the band against my skin. How it almost seemed to protect me from Fuller. I’ve never experienced tech like this. I’ve never seen or heard of a band malfunctioning and sending off electric pulses. If Fuller decides to make a big deal out of it, there will be repercussions to answer for. Won’t there? I’ve never had much interaction with politicians, outside of obligatory Prothero sponsored events, designed to promote the benefits of corporate sponsored citizens. Sweaty palm pressings and glittering, calculating smiles is all I remember of those senators. How am I supposed to fight back against that kind of power?

The next morning a wave from our Tech instructor announces upsetting news. I’ve been reassigned as Clinton Fuller’s lab partner in our sixth period Tech class. No other choice exists but to assist him in obtaining a passing grade.
During breakfast I show Scarlett the wave. She sips her customary black coffee and raises her brows in mock horror at the text hovering on my band.
“Maybe it’s not such a bad thing.” She pokes the runny eggs around on her plate with half-hearted disinterest. Breakfast is not her favorite meal of the day.
“Uh, what?”
“He’s well connected. If he can’t help you get early release, he might be able to score you a cushier placement.” She drops her fork and pushes the plate away dramatically. “Could they possibly cook these one morning? I mean, they’re practically goo!”
“You think I should let him get away with this?” I ask.
She laughs. “Bless your heart. Let him? Sugar, are you new here? Clinton does what he wants. You might as well take advantage of him.”
I grab her plate, scooping the yolks and whites into my own pile. She’s just gonna waste the food anyway. Scarlett’s attention wanders down the table to an attractive resident with sideburns. He meets her gaze and smiles wide. Scarlett tips her coffee mug towards him and takes a deep gulp. I shovel a forkful of dripping egg into my mouth in disgust.
Scarlett is a curly-haired blonde with large breasts and wide hips all packed into a petite frame. Guys stare at her for entirely different reasons than they stare at me.
“Len, did you hear me?”
“Huh? Sorry, lost in my own thoughts.” I grab a hunk of toast and rip it apart, soaking up the runny yellow goo on my plate.
“Well, I lost my parents again. They transferred camps outside of Mississippi. You think you can work your magic?”
“Magic?” I ask, dropping the toast. “What do you mean magic?”
“Your hacker magic?” She rolls her eyes. “To find my parents? Logan’s missing too. Hello, are you even paying attention?”
I nod absently.
It’s a pretty easy hack. I just set a bot to crawl the Prothero back-channels for mentions of transfers, cross-reference with Buford, and plug in the debtor ID that Scarlett furnished me with a year ago when they first went missing. The first time I tracked them down.
Scarlett’s entire family was remanded to a debtors work camp in the deep south of the Americas. Scarlett sends all her stipend payments directly into their account but with all their efforts combined, they’ve barely made a dent in what they owe. Scarlett was the sole Buford to escape, by selling herself into National Service. The rumors are she slept with a recruiter. But the only way you truly get into National Service is by being extremely good at what you do. Scarlett’s trick is that she never lets on exactly what that is.
After breakfast, I apply to the instructor to be returned back to my original solitary assignment in tech lab. She claims she can do nothing, the move came from above her head. I swallow back my pride and indignation. Scarlett was right. Fuller gets whatever he wants. Maybe I will ride this thing out. I could make this work for the both of us. This could work.

Our first class is conducted in silence. Clinton mutely offers me the kinetic instruments needed to deconstruct and repair the tech we examine, keeping his electrocuted and bandaged hand on display at all times. He doesn’t mention last night, and neither do I. We complete our assignment for the day and both receive high marks. Despite my disinclination towards him, this unlikely partnership has a fighting chance. If I get Fuller a passing grade, perhaps Senator Fuller’s influence could erase my debts or end my National Service term early, like Scarlett suggested. Perhaps there is some benefit to this arrangement after all. I can make this work. I will make this work.
Another lab passes in the same fashion.
The third time we share a table, Clinton’s bandage is removed. My attention lingers on his wrist so he flexes his hand to show it’s all healed.
“Disappointed you didn’t leave any scars?” he asks.
I duck my head and study the schematics of the tablet to avoid his leer.
“I didn’t mean to do that.”
“But you did,” he says. “Could you do that to my band? Make it electrocute whoever I wanted?”
My face flushes. “No, I already told you.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“It doesn’t matter what you believe,” I whisper, the blush traveling from my cheeks down to my neck.
“Are you blushing?” Clinton asks, emitting a booming laugh. Heads turn in our direction. I glance around the room and my gaze falls on Santiago, who moved into a lab group with two other residents when Clinton abandoned him. They welcomed him quickly. It can’t hurt to have a smart kid like Rabbit on your side.
Santiago favors us with a look of disquiet. He catches me watching from across the room and shifts his head, dark curling hair hiding his expression from view. Santiago’s look—this entire exchange with Clinton—unsettles me.
“Keep it down, Fuller.”
“Oh relax, Rabbit doesn’t care.”
“I don’t care if Rabbit cares,” I grumble, locking eyes with Santiago again.
“Really? It kind of seems like you care.” Fuller scratches at his chin. “Look, I won’t get you in trouble for the mod. But I want you to work on my band.”
“I don’t know how it happened. I really don’t.”
“It doesn’t matter. Meet me here tonight after G.A. to work on the band.” He moves to rest his healed hand on top of the tablet, obstructing the assignment, limiting all distractions.
“Dammit Fuller,” I say, nudging at his fingers. “This isn’t going to work.”
“You’ll change your mind.” His palm rests firmly on the tablet. Tough, inflexible. “You’re smart Garza. Be smart.”
“Fine,” I say. My own curiosity is piqued. Perhaps, as Scarlett hinted, this could be my ticket to early release. Modding Clinton’s band. Helping him pass aeronautics.
“Excellent.” He releases his grip on the tablet.
Santiago catches my attention for a third time. He’s looking over at us again, his expression quizzical.
Clinton flashes him a thumbs up, and the corner of Santiago’s mouth twists. His eyes flicker over to me and he shakes his head back down to his work.

When I return to the tech lab later in the evening it’s dead silent. Eerie. I half expect Clinton to show up late, or not at all. But he’s here before I am. Sitting at our new shared table space. He spins one of the older model bands in lazy circles on the table surface. The one I was deconstructing the first time he approached me about being partners.
“How long is this going to take?” he asks, not looking up as I approach. I sit down across from him.
“No idea,” I say, leaning over and opening a drawer to retrieve the kinetics.
“It’s six months until we graduate. Probably before then,” he says, flashing a grin and revealing two rows of large perfectly white teeth.
“Roll up your sleeve and hold your arm out.” I touch down the tip of the kinetic tool to the smooth metal surface of the band, steeling myself for the jolt this could produce, gritting my teeth against the anticipated pain. Clinton’s muscles tense. He remembers how bad it felt too.
A weak glimmer of blue flares up the length of the kinetic tool, through the plastic handle and into my fingertips. The azure color melts into my pores and travels up the length of my arm, to where my band rests. The prickling sensation produced is wrong. I should be in pain. This should hurt. Instead, it’s as if the electricity responds to me. Seeking me out.
I drop the tool instinctively and the tiny blue lines flicker away. My band flashes and goes dark, returning to a simple slip of cool, grey metal. It’s unclear where the energy goes, possibly absorbing into the air around us. Back into the band. Into my skin. The light disappears and we are left to contemplate in silence.
Clinton stares, open mouthed, at his band and then at me.
“What are you?” he asks quietly.
I don’t respond. The scientific, inquisitive part of me demands I pick the tool up and make another attempt to produce the same result. Clinton, in his fascination, has left his arm in a prone position. I waste no time taking advantage of his shock. The moment the kinetic tip touches his band, blue fire lurches back into existence, rolling up my forearm. Instead of fear and pain, a heady, swooning pleasure passes over me. My hand tingles, but it’s not a numbing sensation. It’s power. As if I, or my band, absorbs this energy.
Clinton scoots back from the table.
“What are you doing?”
“I wish I knew,” I say, moving to grip his arm and touch his band again without the tool. “Let me see.”
“No,” Clinton says, taking another step back.
“Why?”
“Because it hurts. Are you trying to kill me?”
“Don’t be such a baby.” I make a grab for his band.
“I changed my mind,” Clinton says, moving backwards, running into the table behind him.
“But—”
“I don’t want to mess with my band.” He wraps a shielding hand around it.
“But I need to understand.”
“Look, I gotta go, Garza. Stay away from me, alright?” He makes a wild grab for his bag and his tablet spills out, clattering to the floor.
He fumbles down to his feet and retrieves it, but not before I glimpse an image on the cover. It’s Scarlett. Why would Clinton Fuller plaster a picture of—Oh. Oh wow. Clinton Fuller has a crush on Scarlett. What the hell?
He notices the direction of my gaze.
“That’s nothing,” he says, swiping frantically at the screen. He taps on the image, but it only glows brighter. “It’s nothing.”
“Clinton. Stop.”
He pauses in his frantic gestures, hiding his tablet from view and dabbing at the beads of sweat hanging on his forehead.
“Don’t tell anyone,” I ask. “Please.”
He averts his gaze.
“What are you?” he asks again.
A hot throb of pain burns at my temples, crawling over the ugly scars. The creepy wires glowing on my cheek, forehead, and temple, depending on what processes work to keep my vision operational. And now white blue electricity licking its way up my fingertips like greedy snakes. I must look like a monster to him.
“You’re bleeding,” he says. Then he turns and dashes out of the room in a strangely graceful manner for such a bulky guy.
I don’t bother reaching up to verify his statement. Hot copper and burning already stings my tongue. I climb up onto the tech lab table and lay down against the cool metal, staring up at the lab ceiling. I tilt my neck so the blood runs straight down my throat, metallic and warm. The carefully lined up kinetic tools rest next to my head. A hazy memory of an operating table emerges, the quiet murmur of Prothero doctors hovering above, moving in and out of searing overhead fluorescents. The tiny pinprick sensation of a needle stabbing into my arm.
A scrabbling sensation worms into my stomach.
Maybe this incident was for the best. Impressing Clinton Fuller with my tech expertise for early release from mandatory service was a long shot. He would never sympathize with my plight. The power he possesses could never belong to me.
But…maybe I don’t need his power anymore.
Maybe I have some of my own.


CHAPTER FOUR:
Intriguing ProPOSITIONS
The tail end of January approaches at a rapid pace and though my expertise earns him high marks in lab, Clinton will be on his own when it comes to mid-year exams. Exams carry the bulk of the grade. I can’t escort him into this particular gauntlet. Study sessions are out of the question. He refuses to be alone with me since my band malfunctioned.
The day before the test, during a solitary moment in the SIM, Santiago turns off his mic. I mute my own headset and turn towards him, but he won’t look up from his drone monitor.
“I have a message to deliver,” he says in a hollow voice. “From Clint.”
“Santiago—”
He interrupts me with a staccato delivery. “He wants to meet with you.”
“He knows where to find me.”
“He said tonight, at Lyle Lake.” Santiago flicks a thin finger at the readouts on his monitor absently, zooming in and out on the warzone it displays. Explosions and gunfire and brimstone. He won’t look at me.
“Why?” I ask.
“You don’t know? He wouldn’t say. What—” his Adam’s apple bobs and the words clog in his throat. He swallows them back. “What happened between you?”
“What? Why do you care?”
“It matters to me. Because we’re squadmates.”
“Sure. Because we’re squadmates.” I nod at him placatingly.
“We watch out for each other. Don’t we? That’s what we’re supposed to do.”
I shrug, looking at my own monitor, looking out over the simulated wasteland in front of us. We’re piloting our drones from a secure location on top of a building, supplying a steady stream of information to all the squads engaging enemy combatants below. This particular exercise is so routine, Santiago and I could do this in our sleep.
“Nothing happened between us,” I say with too much force.
A burst of gunfire brightens our screen. I take aim at an enemy tank and release a missile in its direction. It explodes, virtual dust billowing into the air.
“Clint’s used to getting what he wants. He wants— he said he needs you. For something.” The concerned lines on Santiago’s face deepen.
“I need him too. I’ll meet up with him,” I say. “Tonight. After dinner. 7pm.”
“You need him.”
“Clinton Fuller has political connections. This may come as a surprise to someone like you, but I want out of here. I want out of National Service. I want off this fucking base and to put thousands of miles between myself and Prothero. Fuller can get that for me. What do you want?”
“What do you mean someone like me?” he asks, patching the coordinates of two surface snipers to the ground units.
“A volunteer,” I say, my face carefully blank.
“You think I volunteered for National Service?”
“You did, didn’t you?”
“I had to. I didn’t have any other choice.”
“Yeah, well neither do I.”
I divert my drone from the jarring snarl of the city center and drift over to scan a lifeless field for any signs of transmitting tech. I launch a probe into the bowels of the earth, distracting myself from the tension mounting between us.
“Why don’t you have a choice?” I ask, looking up from the projected chest display. “I thought you wanted to be here?”
“Who told you that?” His eyes narrow but he refuses to look at me.
It’s a good question and the answer is…
“No one.”
“Right. So it’s rumors. You don’t know anything about me or what I want or why I’m here, Garza.”
“Sure I do. You want to kill terrorists, don’t you? Isn’t that why everyone’s here? To commit state sanctioned murder?”
“No. That’s not— I want—” he says, the hard look falling from his face. His eyes flicker up to meet mine, softening. Then over to my temple, the wires pulsing in shades of green and blue.
“Nothing. I’m just delivering Clint’s message.”
I make another sweep of the field and unleash a barrage of machine gun fire. It rips through a corn crop, mowing down the stalks into a mess of yellow and green plant parts. Santiago frowns at my read-out, absorbing the actions of my drone with his annoyingly keen powers of observation. He notices everything. Nothing passes by him unseen, nothing occurs that he doesn’t entertain a quiet thought about. I usually respect our silence, but it’s broken and the nagging questions won’t be held back. Curiosity wins.
“Why are you delivering his messages? Why do you even hang out with that guy? You run intellectual and aeronautical circles around Fuller.”
“Why do you care?” He turns my question back around on me. I gape at him. I don’t have a good answer that won’t expose me.
“I don’t care.”
Santiago curls his upper lip. “Bullshit.”
He rises to his feet, pacing across the rooftop, kicking debris and litter out of his path. I watch him settle into a new vantage point. The absence of his lanky frame at my side fills my stomach with a cold throb of remorse. I’m surprised at the loneliness of the SIM without Santiago close by. I’m surprised at caring and at how badly this entire conversation has gone thus far.
“You and Clint,” he calls over the distance, facing away from me. “You don’t fight for what you want. You don’t really earn it.”
“What—what are you talking about?” I shout back to him.
“Nothing.” Santiago hunkers around the projections emanating from his chest console. “Forget about it.”
I can’t forget it. I don’t want to. I pull out an EMP pistol and aim at Santiago’s display, blowing the drone control on his upper torso apart with the impact. It knocks out all his electronic equipment, putting him in the dark.
“I am nothing like Fuller. I’m better and smarter than both of you. You’re—both of you are worthless,” I sneer, heading for the stairwell and the exit, anticipating the tongue lashing from Corazon.
Her insults and threats will never outweigh the satisfaction of…nothing. I’m not satisfied. Arguing with Santiago doesn’t feel good. It feels awful and the awful feeling is overwhelming. Confusing. I don’t want to argue with him and I’m not mad at him. He’s not mad at me either. Why are we arguing at all?
“I’m not worthless!” Santiago yells. I turn around. He stares straight ahead, slumped over his damaged controls, looking out over the warzone.
I wonder if his facial expression mirrors the sad turn of his shoulders and bow of his head.
“I’m not worthless,” he says.
The only noise is the booming crunch of his jet crashing into a building and the surprised shouts of our squad over my headset. I pluck off my helmet and toss it down the stairwell in front of me. It clangs loudly in the din, the surprised shouts of our squad mates bouncing eerily off the surrounding concrete walls.
Outside of the SIM, I wave Scarlett. She promises to ditch a criminology class and meet up at her Salt patch for what she calls “a much-needed distraction.” She doesn’t really need to check the beds. They are dormant for the winter. Whatever plants she’s growing now are indoors at the hydroponics lab and under super secretive lock and key. The lock and key belong to our other friends, the Rosas. Identical twin sisters training to become biomedical technical engineers. Scar invented this Salt check strictly for the purpose of getting me outside the base and into a different frame of mind. We arrive at the patch and I notice a meager bed of winter flowers growing at the tented area where she keeps her supplies.
“That’s new.” I point towards the greenery.
“Oh yeah.” She chuckles. “I special ordered the seeds from some place across the country. It was a stupid indulgence, but I’ve had a little extra cash flow lately. Planted them myself. Can’t believe how good they turned out.”
“Very pretty,” I murmur.
I reach down and close the fingers of my prosthetic hand around the flowers, delicately, so I don’t crush the petals. I rip the green and pink plant from the loamy, rich soil Scarlett carefully cultivated and tuck it behind my bad ear.
“That’s winter camellia. It’s a hardy plant, specifically bred to bloom in the coldest part of winter,” she says. “A bunch of scientists worked hard to make that plant what it is.”
“And what is it?” I ask.
“Resilient.” She smiles. “It looks good on you.”
She pulls a Salt cigarette out from behind her ear, where it was obscured by a tangled clump of blonde hair.
“You need this Len.” I don’t disagree.
“Fuller wants to meet tonight. Alone. What should I do?” I ask, taking a long, lagging pull from the end of the cigarette. Trapping the smoke in my burning lungs. The fake one—can the smoke even damage an artificial lung? Probably not. No cancer for me. If I avoid the wrong end of a plasma rifle or another bomb, I could probably live forever.
“Take me with you,” she says flatly. “I don’t trust them. You shouldn’t go alone.”
“Thanks, Scar.”
“Duh. You’re my favorite, Lenbot. I’m not letting you feed yourself to the wolves without backup.”
We spend the rest of our on-duty hours together, ditching our last two classes of the day in favor of smoking two huge pipes of Salt. All the anxiety leeches from my system, replaced by a warm, heady confidence. Scarlett spends the downtime twisting winter camellias into our hair. The flowers blend nicely with her curly blonde locks. They contrast wildly with my shoulder length waves but Scar insists they look nice. I don’t know, I rarely look in the mirror anymore.
We arrive early. The winter wind picks up, blowing sharp and bitter. I watch in fascination as the breeze untwists a camellia from Scar’s hair and flicks it out over the waving waters of Lyle Lake. On the horizon, two human sized shapes approach. My stomach gives a queasy roll, but the lingering Salt quenches the nausea before the anxiety spreads and takes over.
Santiago stops a little before Clinton and crinkles his brow, studying the flowers in our hair with fascinated concern, as if he’s worried they might catch and spread like a disease.
“Why’d you bring her?” Clinton demands when he and Santiago reach the water’s edge.
“Her has a name. I’m Scarlett,” she says, tossing her blonde curls and sending more camellias flying.
“I know who you are. This doesn’t concern you.”
“If it involves Len, it concerns me. She’s my best friend. We only evened out the odds here. It’s not fair if you bring your toadie with you,” Scarlett indicates Santiago by lifting a brow.
“He’s a rabbit, not a toad. And this is between Garza and me. Right, Garza?” Clinton asks.
My eyes slide over to where Santiago stands, a little aside from the group, his head hanging and his shoulders slumped forward. He doesn’t acknowledge me.
“Yeah. So, let’s talk.” I look back at Scarlett and tip my head towards Santiago. She saunters over to join him.
“What do you want?” I ask Clinton.
“I need to pass aeronautics.”
“You’re halfway there in tech lab. But if you won’t study for the test, how am I supposed to tutor you?”
“No tutoring. Just give me the answers.”
“I don’t have the answers.”
“For the test. You can hack my tablet.” He leans in towards me, his look menacing. “I know you can.”
“I can, but I want something in return.”
He leans back, face frozen as I continue.
“I want out of national service. I want your father to forgive the debt I owe to Prothero. Do that, and I’ll hack your tablet during the test.”
“How much do you owe Prothero?”
“A lot,” I answer. “Millions.”
“That’s insane. We don’t have that kind of money laying around.”
“You expect me to believe that?” I cross my arms. “Alright then, then the deal’s off.”
“Fine. I'll see what I can do. AFTER I pass the test.”
“I want a receipt post-exam. Or I’ll show the Academy administration in excruciating detail how I helped you cheat. And we’ll both burn for it.” I keep my tone level and serious, but my insides tremble. I really don’t want to burn for this. But if we pull it off? Freedom. I can almost taste the freedom. It tastes like limes.
“What’s wrong with you?” Clinton asks, voice pitching towards a whine.
“Nothing. This is just who I am. I mean, everything comes easy to us. Right, Santiago?”
Santiago stirs, turning his back. Clinton looks between us, a dull idea igniting in his tiny brain.
“Why are you talking to him?” Clinton asks, blinking at me, a grin flickering at the edges of his mouth. “You have a thing for Rabbit?”
“What—what do you mean?” I ask, chewing the inside of my cheek.
“You do. You totally do. He doesn’t like you,” Clinton says. It’s a kick to the gut, like all the air sucking out of my chest. I swallow and squint my eyes against the sensation. The sensation I shouldn’t even be feeling in the first place.
“Fuck off, Fuller.” I reach to cover the scars on my face.
“Just because he looks at you, it doesn’t mean anything. He’s just a hyper-observant weirdo and you’ve got a fucked up face. You’re interesting to him, like a science experiment.”
“OK. I get it.”
“No, you don’t,” Clinton says, turning slightly to hold Santiago in his view. Santiago twists his body around and I know he’s listening. Clinton isn’t trying to keep his voice low. “You’re trouble, and he has really shitty taste in chicks. I should know—I fucked his last girlfriend and it ended very badly for everyone. Stay away from him.”
“Wow, you’re a terrible friend.”
“That doesn’t matter. Just stay away from him.”
“I can’t.”
Clinton narrows his eyes. “Why not? What’s so fucking irresistible about him?”
“It’s not that. We’re in the same classes. I literally can’t avoid him. Or you. Believe me, I’ve tried.”
Clinton’s face drops. “Oh. Right.”
“And if he doesn’t even like me why are we still talking? Just leave. You’ll pass your test. Both of you just leave.”
He nods absently. “You’re right. Just stay away from Rabbit, is all. He’s mine.”
“Yours?”
“Mine. I own him like I’m about to own you. What aren’t you getting here?” He turns to observe Santiago and his face softens as his gaze settles on Scarlett. “Why’d you bring her?”
“Because you wouldn’t hurt me in front of her, would you?” His fists clench and unclench in irritation. “That’s what I thought.” I turn around. “Remember Fuller, written confirmation, or I’ll wave your father personally.”
“Deal. Rabbit, let’s go,” Clinton orders.
Santiago nods tersely. The wind gusts again and tugs a camellia from my hair, sending it whirling into the night. Santiago jumps lazily and snatches it out of the air. He holds it in the center of his palm, studying it for a brief moment. He doesn’t look up at me as he pockets the flower and follows on Clinton’s heels.
Santiago doesn’t like me. Why doesn’t he like me? And why does Clinton own him? What the hell is going on between them?
Scarlett jogs over to where I stand in the crab grass contemplating Santiago’s actions.
“You don’t look happy. Did you get what you wanted?” she asks, looping our elbows, pulling me out of my musing.
“Not yet, but I’m close.”

I’m huddled on a rickety set of bleachers, observing the basketball players shooting hoops on the indoor court. Santiago’s there, because aside from swimming, this is one of the more common activities he partakes in on the base. I’ve met him here a couple different times—we exchange cool head nods, and then he focuses on his game while I capture the lines of the players in motion: dribbling, elbowing, shooting, and occasionally dunking. Santiago dunks because he has the height for it.
He’s here, of course, in his customary off-duty uniform of a grey hooded sweatshirt and shorts. His big feet are clad in name brand athletic shoes and when he sits on the sidelines, he absently chews the drawstrings of his hoodie.
He ignores me completely until a scuffle breaks out on the court, and the basketball bounces in my direction, rolling to a stop in front of the bleachers where I’m slumped down into the foot well, my short legs dangling above the court. Santiago shakes the hair from his face and trots over, curls bouncing as he strides.
When I notice his approach, I quickly glance down at the sketch in my lap and flick the page forward to a new blank screen. I have Mateo’s letter out, resting against the tin box that normally houses it. The tin box with the ornate filigree carved into the exterior. Aside from rough sketching the players, I’ve spent the last fifteen minutes pouring over Mateo’s letter again. The paper is starting to wear at the edges. It’s stupid, bringing it out here in the open. But there’s no privacy in the barracks and much more inclination to snoop. At the court or in the gym, nobody bothers you. Maybe a few side glances, but otherwise they’re absorbed in their game. I cut my gaze to the letter again.
Above me, Santiago clears his throat. I know it’s him because I recognize the sounds he makes. His covered feet squeaking over the court. The ragged sound of his breathing. The vaguely pleasant scent of sweat. My metal heart shudders in my chest. Santiago doesn’t like me. Clinton says he doesn’t like me.
“What?” I ask, still not looking.
“Yo, Rabbit!” Kang shouts from across the court. “Hustle!”
My gaze flutters up. Santiago glares over his shoulder, his neck tilting like a bird of prey. He looks back to me, opens his mouth.
“Come on!” Kang says.
Santiago huffs, chucking the ball over his head.
“Your friends are assholes,” I say.
“You said I’m worthless.” His foot slides into my view, kicking nervously against the bleacher below me. “That’s an asshole thing to say.”
“You’re not worthless.”
“Then why’d you say it?”
I shrug. “To be an asshole.”
He chuckles, like warm wind stirring through a wheat field. The hairs on my arm tingle and a brief zip of electricity crackles in the air around us.
“Can I sit?” he asks, nodding towards the empty bleacher bench next to me.
“I don’t know, can you?” I raise an eyebrow.
He plops down, unsettling the tin and Mateo’s letter. The page lifts and flutters away from the tin. He picks it up to examine it more closely.
“Another letter from a weirdo?” he asks, but I snatch it from his hand before he can investigate further.
“This one’s personal.” I lift the tin and scoot the letter underneath it, out of the prying hands and eyes of Santiago. His fingers already warmed the page. I swallow against a knot in my throat. Mateo and Santiago both touching the same letter. Why does that bother me? It shouldn’t bother me.
“OK then.” He turns away, facing towards the court to watch the game that picked up in his absence. Kang steals glances our way. Santiago clears his throat loudly. “Corazon said if you fuck up another SIM she’s going to fail you.” Santiago’s eyes slide over to me and then back to the game.
“Fail and go where? I’m right where Prothero wants me.”
“Prothero wants you here,” Santiago murmurs, squinting as Kang takes an elbow to the jugular.
“That’s the whole point of helping Fuller. To get out of here. Look around Santiago.” I gesture at the basketball court. “This isn’t our final destination. This is a way station—purgatory before hell. You’re Catholic, you should know that. Everyone here is going to die.”
Santiago clears his throat roughly, his gaze shifting down to his tightly clenched fingers. “Don’t do it,” he says. “Don’t help Clint cheat.”
“Why do you care?” I ask, tapping my pen against the pad. “You don’t even like me.”
“What?” His eyes widen, but he still doesn’t look at me.
“Fuller said you don’t like me.”
“I don’t not-like-you.” He pauses and frowns at his own statement.
“So, you like me?” I ask, smirking.
“Of course I like you. You’re an asshole. All of my friends are assholes.”
“Haha.” I click the sketchpad on and off.
“And I’m telling you as a friend, don’t do this. Don’t cheat on the test. It’s not worth it.”
“I thought we were squadmates.”
Santiago shakes his head. “Whatever. We’re friends, ok? I said I like you. I’ve always liked you. Even when you’re showing me up in the SIM and being an annoying smart-ass.”
“I’m an annoying smart-ass? You’re an annoying smart-ass. Fuller said you only stare at me because you think I’m a freak. I don’t need your pity, Santiago. You already know what I do with people who pity me.”
Santiago ghost smiles. “You burn them.”
“Clinton said—”
Santiago rolls his eyes. “For the last damn time, Garza, I am not Clint. First of all, Clint talks too much. And second of all, he’s bad shit and you should avoid him at all costs. Don’t help him cheat. You don’t owe him anything.”
“Not yet,” I whisper.
His jawline tightens and his nostrils flare. “You should keep it that way.”
“What about you?” I ask, nudging him with my foot. “You don’t avoid him.”
“Like I said before, I don’t have a choice,” he says, anger leaching into his words.
“Neither do I. I’m not going to die again. Not for Prothero.” As I speak, an unreadable expression flickers over his face. “I’m not a coward.”
“I didn’t say you were.” He pivots to face me and I shrink from the sudden intensity of his gaze, pressing my back against the wooden bleachers. “I don’t think that. But you don’t need the help Clint offers. Trust me. His help always comes with a price.”
“What’s your price?” I ask, chewing on my bottom lip so hard copper tangs on my tongue. “He said he owns you.”
“Yeah. I’m sure he did. You’re fucking relentless, you know?” He turns back to the ball court. “The price I paid was everything. And now I’m here. Right where I want to be.”
“You want to be here,” I repeat, studying his profile. It’s become so familiar over the last six months. I mentally trace the lines of his face, the lines I’ve been sketching on my tablet for weeks now.
“I do,” he nods. I almost believe him. But then he swallows and his Adam’s apple bobs. There is a kind of desperation in this subconscious action. Maybe he doesn’t want to be here after all. Maybe Santiago’s just a really good liar.
“But you don’t want to kill terrorists, do you? I see you in the SIMs and I can tell your heart isn’t really in it. Except for maybe the explosions and the flying. So why here? What’s so great about being here? We’re not helping people, Santiago. We’re not saving lives.”
“I’m saving lives,” he says, quickly and forcefully, turning back to me. The heat of his glower is like looking directly into the sun.
“No, you’re not. My parents saved lives. And the only thanks they got was a fucking bomb. They were trying to do something good. They were trying to cure the virus.”
“You’re not your parents.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Just because they died, doesn’t mean you’re going to.” His jaw clenches around the words.
“You’re wrong. I already died. Whatever. At least my parent’s lives meant something. My life? It means nothing. All this money and effort, all these life-saving implants, and I’m just going to die as a Prothero soldier anyway. I’ve got no family. I don’t even have Prothero anymore. At least you have someone, Santiago. I have nothing.”
Hot tears are building up behind my right eye and a sob burns in my throat but I can’t stop the words. I don’t want to stop the words. It feels good to say them out loud to someone who will listen. It feels good to say them to Rabbit Santiago even if I probably shouldn’t trust him.
“Garza—”
“I don’t want to kill Contras.” The tears threaten to spill. “Everyone thinks I’m here for revenge but the truth is I don’t have a choice. I have to be here.”
“Garza—”
“I just want out. I don’t want to hurt anymore people.” I squint hard and only one stray tear winds its way down my cheek. I brush at it, hoping to play it off like it was a piece of dust. Crying in front of Rabbit Santiago in the middle of the basketball court is definitely not how I thought this evening would go. My cheeks flush and I sniff loudly, working to blink the remaining tears back into my head.
“Can you forget you saw that?” I ask. “Like, please never tell Fuller.”
“Saw what?” His expression is earnest and concerned but his tone is soft and neutral. Warm even. “I didn’t see anything.”
“Saw me crying about my dead parents. It’s really killing my aloof asshole vibe.” I choke out a laugh and another tear slips down my cheek. I swipe it away. “This is so stupid.”
“Eleni—” he stops and his eyes go wide.
The intimacy of my first name surprises us both. We’re not first name friends. We’re last name squadmates. Raptor One and Raptor Two. Santiago and Garza. Santiago’s breached an unarticulated but formerly impassable divide. He lapses into stunned silence. I join him there, wishing he would keep going. I like the way his mouth forms my name. I like the flush crawling up his neck. I stifle a weird desire to press my fingers against the skin there and feel the warmth rush into my fingertips.
“Rabbit?” I touch his arm instead—neutral territory—but even offering this friendly gesture flips panic in my belly. He blinks and meets my gaze, eyes searching.
“Eleni,” he shifts closer. Heat radiates from his body. Rough stubble lines his jaw. The fingers on my hand clench reflexively around his arm, squeezing tighter. “Eleni, you—”
“Rabbit!” Kang calls.
“What?” he asks, without turning.
“You in?” Kang asks. “Game three?”
Rabbit rolls his eyes up to the ceiling. “Fucking pendejos.”
I release his arm. He watches the movement with a flicker of his heavy brows.
“You gotta go.”
“I don’t,” he says. “I don’t gotta go. I could stay here.”
“Is that what you want?”
“To stay here with you?” he asks, his voice low and his words rough.
His tone sends a full claxon alarm ringing in my head and my stomach heaves in a strangely pleasant roller coaster way. If I sit here another moment longer this close to Rabbit’s warm body and soft voice and the friendly way he says my name I’m going to lose it. And I can’t lose control and I’m going to move closer and I don’t know what happens after that. I can’t do this. With him.
“You could stay.” I scoop up my tablet. “But you’re gonna go anyway, aren’t you? You’re not done playing your game.” I shift to stand up and the movement catches his eye.
“What’re you always writing? In your diary?”
I laugh. A grin breaks over his lips and my stomach flips again. “It’s not a diary.”
“Oh right.” He curls his fingers in air quotes, his grin widening. “It’s a journal.”
I elbow him and he chuckles, a sound like campfire crackling. The scent of sweat hits my nose again. I can’t tell what I like better: the sound of him laughing at something I said or the rough sound of his voice saying my name.
Maybe both?
“It’s a sketch pad,” I say, jamming the tablet in my bag.
“OK. A sketch pad. What’re you drawing?”
I shake my head.
“Come on, what’re you drawing?” he asks. “Is it a secret? I’m good with secrets.”
“I’ll bet you are. I’m just you know, drawing—” I gesture to indicate the court, including him in the movement. The grin on Rabbit’s face extends to his raised eyebrows. He leans in closer to me and then it’s my turn to blush. I shouldn’t have done that.
“Are you drawing me?”
I don’t answer. Instead, I grab the tin and jam it in on top of the tablet, flipping the bag closed. This is not good. This is so bad. This is the best-worst thing. How did this even happen? We only have four months of service left. I only had to avoid this, avoid Rabbit, for four more months. Why couldn’t I stay away? Why did I come here?
“See ya around,” I say, rising from the bleachers and jogging across the court.
“Wait!” Rabbit calls from behind me. “Eleni.”
The way he says my name tightens a weird knot of anxiety in my stomach. I stop moving. The basketball game temporarily halts and the guys on the court whistle in Rabbit’s direction.
“Eleni don’t go!” Kang calls out in a warbly, high-pitched voice, followed by a chorus of cackles from the basketball players.
“Fuck off,” Rabbit growls back towards them.
I spin on my heels to face him, clutching my bag to my chest, very conscious of the dozen eyes watching our every move.
“What?” I ask, snatching a glance towards the players. “What do you want?” My heart pounds and heat climbs around my wrist, snapping and gurgling underneath my hoodie. He follows the direction of my gaze and a shadow flickers over his face. Kang is watching us. Everyone’s watching us. Our pretend moment of privacy is gone.
“Nothing,” Rabbit says. “You should do what you want.”
He turns and walks back to the huddled group of players.
“What do I want,” I say, too quiet for him to hear me.
I reach down into the bag and close my hand around the tin, running my fingers over the cool metal surface. A sigh escapes my chest, and the heat on my face and wrist dissipate. I push through the gym doors, casting a glance back over my shoulder. Santiago watches me go, pressing a hand to the pocket of his hoodie, scowling.

In the barracks, I dump the contents out of my bag, intending to return the tin to its proper resting place under my bed. When I shuffle through the spill of items, my fingers come up missing. There’s something missing.
Mateo’s letter is missing.
There is a good chance Rabbit has Mateo’s letter.


CHAPTER FIVE:
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS
I don’t waste time debating the next best move. I throw my covers over the tin and tablet, then dash out of the barracks and back to the gym. It’s empty.
I have no idea where Rabbit bunks. I mean, I have a general idea because all male residents bunk in the northern wing of the barracks, but each barracks is divided into four sections. Not grouped by specializations. Randomly selected. I’d have to knock on the door of every barrack to find him and there’s only a few minutes left until lights out. That would attract a lot of unwanted attention.
I crawl back into bed and pull the covers up over my head. There’s no way Rabbit could read the letter even if he wanted to. It’s written in the code Mateo and I developed to obscure our communications for situations just like this. Fear twists in my guts. It’s rudimentary code. Rabbit is smart. If he really wants to, he’ll crack it.

I’m the first one out of my bunk this morning. I dash by the Commons, but there’s no sign of Rabbit. I stalk the cafeteria until he appears—pushing through the main doors with bags tucked underneath his eyes. A sleepless night for Santiago too, apparently.
“Do you have it?” I ask, accosting him near the doors.
“It?” he asks, his hand rushing to the pocket of his hoodie.
“Don’t be coy. My letter, Rabbit. You took my letter.”
He drops his gaze and nods. He pulls the worn handwritten page from his hoodie pouch and hands it over. I pluck it from his fingers.
“I found it on the bench after you left. I didn’t take it.”
“Did you read it?”
He doesn’t nod or shake his head and he still won’t meet my eyes.
“Did you read it?” I ask.
“It’s in code.”
“That’s not really an answer.”
“Why do you have a letter written in code?”
“Did you read it?”
He opens his mouth to reply and a pair of massive arms appear from both sides of him. They crush Rabbit up in a bear hug, lifting his gangly legs up off the ground.
“Lookee here everyone. I caught me a Rabbit.”
“The fuck?” He struggles in Clinton’s grip. “Put me down.”
Clinton laughs, dropping Rabbit off to his side. Rabbit slumps to the ground like a sack of dirty laundry and sits there, stunned. Too angry to speak.
“Did he read what?” Clinton asks, blasting me with his charmless grin.
Rabbit climbs to his feet. “He didn’t read nothing.”
“Good.” Clinton grabs the chest of Rabbit’s hoodie and drags him forward, pushing past me. “It better be nothing. Don’t forget our deal, Garza.”
About ten paces away, Rabbit squirms out of Clinton’s grip, glancing back over his shoulder. His brows flicker and his gaze drops to the letter in my hand. I shove it in my pants pocket. Scarlett shuffles through the door and grimly takes my arm. The morning routine starts.
There is only one small variation during breakfast. Despite all the chaos of the last few weeks, I set that robot in motion Scarlett requested—the one to track her parents. I retrieve the jump drive with the resulting info and slide it across the table.
Scarlett snatches it up, cheeks warming. “You’re the best, Lenbot.”
“Don’t thank me until you see the file,” I warn, snapping a piece of bacon in my fingers.
“What does it say?”
“Your parents were transferred to a new camp. Slingold. Doesn’t have the best reputation. And your brother—”
“What did he do this time?”
“Escaped during transfer. Somehow slipped his band and vanished. Last known sighting is in a brothel in New Orleans.” I pop the bacon in my mouth and crunch it between my teeth. “A brothel filled with Flash junkies.”
The bacon tastes like bark dust. Scar’s face turns ashen and she pockets the drive solemnly, offering me a half-hearted smile.
“Thanks anyway,” she says, reaching for her coffee cup.
“If it makes you feel any better,” I pause, hands rushing to grip the letter in my pocket. “I’m having a crap day too. I have to help Clinton cheat on his test. And Rabbit found one of my letters.”
“Your priceless treasure letters that you won’t even let me read. How?”
“I left it behind,” I say, hardly believing the words as they leave my mouth. These letters are priceless treasures. Dangerous priceless treasures. They’d narrowly avoided ending up in the wrong hands this time. Maybe.
I lock eyes with Rabbit across the cafeteria. His comment about the code was not exactly reassuring. And his resulting question was equally disturbing.
“That’s almost impossible to believe. You guard those letters with your life. What could have possibly distracted you.” Scarlett turns and follows my gaze. “Santiago? I thought you were in love with Letter Boy.”
“I thought so too.” The words leave my mouth before I can stop them. I shake my head and shift my gaze back over to Scar.
She raises an eyebrow. “You’d better watch yourself, Lenbot.”
Under the table, electricity pulses between my fingers.
“What? Why?”
Sweat blooms under my arms. My guts tighten.
What does she know?
“It looks like you’re falling.”
The sweat doesn’t stop blooming and my guts only slightly loosen. Revealing secrets is scarier than falling for someone. Especially for someone like Rabbit. Who, like my letters, also seems a little dangerous.
“Impossible,” I say, tossing a shard of bacon at her. “You need a heart for that.”

In tech lab, Clinton sweats in his seat and Rabbit favors me with foreboding looks from across the room. Sergeant Vargas enters and closes the door behind her, the universal signal for the exam to begin. I access the exam document on my tablet, quickly filling in the answers. It’s easier than I thought it might be, but harder than I’d hoped for Clinton’s sake. In order to make his test look legitimate, I must be smart in the choices I make for him.
I finish my test earlier than the other residents, like usual, and turn my attention to hacking the network. Clinton slipped me his personal area network identification in the hallway on the way to Tech Lab this morning, while Rabbit averted his eyes in what I assume was moral indignation. I wanted to say something to Rabbit, I wanted to accuse him of stealing my letter or explain again why I’m helping Clinton but then it occurred to me, I have nothing to explain. I don’t have to justify my decisions to Rabbit or anyone else.
So, why do I want to?
I open up a separate screen and tap a remote access app feeding directly into Clinton’s tablet, subverting Prothero’s tracking system. A moderate firewall used by the Academy to discourage this type of access is quickly erected but I bypass it by tunneling through the network, executing an encrypted PAN mirroring his system. I type in Clinton’s Academy password and instantly my tablet reveals his screen.
Clinton filled in very little of the test, aside from the most basic of answers. Even some of those are wrong. A dart of fear stabs in my brain when I stare down at his exam. Along with a massive amount of irritation that someone so inept could move this far into National Service with virtually nothing to show for it.
In the upper right corner a red blinking timer ticks off the remaining twenty five minutes left in the exam. I could do more than enough damage on this test for Clinton Fuller to pass. A stupid urge wells within me and I cast a glance back at Rabbit, my mind spinning with all his admonishments, with all the heavy conversations of the last couple days.
His head is bent over a tablet, his shaggy dark hair obscuring the upper half of his face. His jaw is set in concentration, and the faintest tip of his tongue pokes to wet his lips as he works. The effect this has on me is akin to the dipping, rolling sensation I experienced the first moments of waking up from the coma years ago. All of my senses working in disharmony, my eyes and ears and limbs fighting one another.
Maybe it’s the power of my gaze, but Rabbit looks up. Catches me staring. Mouths “don’t” very clearly, with his bushy eyebrows arched in a silent plea. Clinton sits towards the head of the class, also hunched over his tablet. Watching the blinking cursor on the exam page, waiting for me to fill in the answers for him. Indecision pulls all the muscles in my neck taut.
My left hand, dormant with my fingers barely touching the tablet, twitches. Electricity sparks from the band, jumping to the tablet, frying the tech inside. The screen, poised on Clinton’s exam, plunges into complete darkness. The scent of melted wires fills the air and a thin black tendril of smoke climbs up from the device.
“Garza,” Sergeant Vargas barks from the head of the class. “What’re you doing back there?”
Heads swivel in my direction. Clinton turns to me, his visible horror mirroring my own. His features fluctuate between rage, fear, and desperation.
“Nothing. Honestly. My band shorted. It killed my tablet.” I flip the device over to expose the burnt plastic on the back. Pieces of the black material cling to the desktop.
“That’s impossible. Bands don’t ‘short’ Garza. For this interruption, I’ll pause the time on your tests,” she informs the class. All around me, shoulders relax.
“Bring your tablet up to the front. I’ll reboot it manually. Your test was autosaved to the network. It looks like you completed all the answers. Are you done?” Vargas asks.
“I was almost done. I was refining my answers,” I say, hoping she believes this thin excuse.
“You may need to stay after to finish up your edits if we cannot remedy this. The rest of you have twenty minutes left. As in real life, you will work around this distraction. Eyes on your own tablets please. Bands in neutral.” She releases the timer and once more an aura of panic settles over the room.
“Your band should have been in the neutral setting during the exam.” Vargas furrows her brows as I reach her desk.
“It was on the setting, I swear. Look.” I tip my wrist towards her. The band clicks on and the neutral screen rolls out.
“It’s on the setting now. Let me pull your PAN from the last five minutes, to be certain you weren’t accessing the extranet,” she says.
A surge of panic rolls through me. My PAN would show no alteration, but I’d logged into Clinton’s band to use his tablet. It would show on his logs as a dropped signal with an immediate reconnect, an innocuous piece of data appearing much more sinister given my band’s malfunctions. What if they scrolled PAN records of all the students and noticed a discrepancy? I’d covered my tracks well, but I’ve never encountered this situation before. I’ve made a habit of keeping quiet and uninteresting so as not to attract attention to these hacking abilities. I can’t help casting another gaze at Clinton who sweats bullets at his desk while time ticks away. Fifteen minutes now. I stand next to Vargas as she hems and haws over the ruined tech equipment.
“Whatever you did to this tablet, it appears to be permanent. I’ve no hope of resurrecting this device. You can use mine in the interim. Please return to your seat.” She holds it out to me. I accept it with a cowed dip of my shoulders.
“Try not to ruin this one.” Vargas waves me away.
I jog back to my seat and slam down into the chair, clicking on the tablet. The welcome screen rolls out, I enter my information and log into the exam document. All my data is saved, I make a few changes in case Vargas monitors my document. Software and networks transfer to any usable piece of tech, via the bands.
Through my network, the remote access app is available. I run the same encrypted tunnel and gain remote access to Clinton’s tablet, with ten minutes left in the exam. I begin with the basic questions first, leaving the simply stated but correct answers in place and correcting the wrong ones. Five minutes left in the period. At the head of the class Vargas watches me like a predator after slippery prey.
“I see you haven’t updated your answers in the last several minutes Garza. Are you daydreaming another method of sabotage over there?” she asks.
A few residents chuckle but most concentrate on their own test in these final moments. With a pang of loss and the death of my hope, I type “I’m Sorry” into the last sentence of an essay question and close out of Clinton’s tablet, returning control to him.
I submit my completed exam and log off the borrowed tablet, carrying it back to the instructor with leaden feet and a lump in my throat. Clinton grimaces down at his exam, knowing he’s failing for a fourth time. It’s painful to witness. He may be a wealthy, privileged jerk who bribed me into helping him cheat, but no one deserves this kind of humiliation. There’s nothing I can do to stop it. As we gather our belongings to leave the lab for the day I can’t stop myself from offering a consoling pat on his shoulder. It’s so foreign to me, so against my nature and better judgement, but…we’re in the same boat, Clinton and I. Full of holes and sinking fast. Losing hope of ever reaching dry land.
The moment I make physical contact, it’s clear this sign of compassion is a mistake.
“Don’t,” he says. A group of residents stop their forward progress to the door and watch us curiously.
“You could have let me tutor you,” I try to explain.
“Don’t touch me, Garza.” He shrugs me off his shoulder and my arm falls limply to my side. “You’re a fucking freak.”
“Oh, right,” I murmur as he exits the lab.
Rather than depart with everyone else, I loiter at Vargas’ desk with the ruined tablet until the room empties. I proceed to a tool drawer and dig around inside, shoving kinetic instruments around with an angry fervor. Something feels right about the clattering, banging noises in the otherwise silent classroom. Clinton failed his exam. Our deal is done. My hope is gone and Mateo and freedom are far, far away again, out of my reach.
I slam the drawer closed and bang a fist on the table. It thunders like a gunshot in the quiet. The tablet leaps from the counter and clatters to the floor. I bend over to retrieve it and as I’m standing back up, movement flutters in the corner of my vision. Rabbit watches from the door. He nervously shifts the rosary bracelet around on his wrist, his features dripping with sympathy. Maybe pity. I don’t know what else. He should be gloating. He has good reasons to gloat. But he doesn’t look happy about my misfortune. Somehow that’s worse.
“Is this what you wanted?” I shout the question at him.
He turns his back, slinking away. More a cat than a rabbit.

Two days after the exam, during Tech lab, our bands emit a wailing siren. Clinton and I, our bodies bent around the project we’re working on, slowly lift our heads and stare at each other in horror. Sergeant Vargas walks over to our table.
She grabs Clinton around his meaty bicep and leans in, whispering to both of us, “Stop what you’re doing and step outside. Two armed guards are waiting for you.”
She turns to me. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do.”
I scoot off the stool and fall to the ground, my shaking legs buckling and knees giving out at the same time. With a grunt of frustration, Vargas hauls me up and I regain a wobbly bit of composure. The class full of residents stare at us. Rabbit stares at us and I want to exchange eye contact with him so badly the desire burns in the back of my head, at the top of my neck like an animal need. But I resist. I look straight ahead as Vargas drags me across the room and dumps me unceremoniously through the door, Clinton chasing our heels like a big dumb dog.
In the hallway, as predicted by Vargas, two armed guards wait for us. They box us in and we follow their lead without question. What would we say? Where would we go? We know what we did, what this is about.
“Clinton,” I whisper, voice choked.
“Don’t talk to me,” he croaks back.
At a fork in the hallway, we turn left, exiting the Academy. We are ushered into a waiting hover car. It swoops left as well, towards the administration building. The guards don’t speak to us, they stare straight ahead. I don’t recognize them, have never seen them on base before. They wear irregular uniforms I didn’t notice in my initial panic, with white stripes running down the arms. These are not ordinary soldiers. These must be Prothero hired guns.
Maybe Prothero cares about me after all. Momentary relief wells within me but I squash it by biting down hard on the inside of my cheek until I taste blood. Prothero doesn’t care. They left me here to die. They abandoned me to my fate.
We reach the building. The guards drag us to our feet, out the door and shuttle us down the steps. I beep past the tech scanners and no one bats an eye. The X-ray reveals my body dotted with all the metal and technology. Ear, eye, lung, heart, arm. Little bits of my skull. A few bones in my rib cage they had to rebuild. The soldier manning the scanner blinks in surprise but the guards push us past too fast for me to read the rest of his reaction.
We’re herded towards a conference room where a wall slides away to reveal a gleaming metal table. Sitting in an uncomfortable chair is Senator Edmund Fuller. He’s a handsome chiseled white man in the way most rich, powerful white men are handsome. The way Clinton Fuller is handsome. Wheat and grey dappled hair, fair skin, blue eyes. Reasonably sized nose and mouth. Chins pointy. Forehead sloped. Edmund Fuller frowns at our approach, his freckled nose wrinkled as if he smells a foul odor.
“God dammit Clinton,” he curses when we’re within range. He socks Clinton across the face with a lazy, deliberate backhand devoid of emotion. A cruel greeting.
Clinton reaches up to cover the swollen red lump and smear of blood with a mechanical air. A perfunctory ritual. Beside me, Clinton retreats inward into an empty shell. Despite his malicious tendencies, I’m sad to watch him go. And also scared to be left alone with the senator.
Edmund Fuller snaps his attention over to me and studies the wires and implants with all the curiosity of a person debating whether or not to switch from one mildly entertaining virtual movie to the next. He pauses and holds his hand out with a gesture oozing calculus.
“Senator Edmund Fuller. You’ve met my son,” he says using an affected southern accent, the intent to provide maximum charm. I don’t even think they have thick accents in Texas.
I flop my hand into his, wishing it weren’t coated in a film of terrified sweat. He gives it a hard, angry squeeze and a wave of dizziness passes over me. The world is not making sense right now. The senator speaks, so I give him all the attention I can muster.
“Really appreciate what you tried to do for Clinton. What Rory Santiago was never able to achieve, no matter what wheels we greased. It’s a shame you two weren’t quite able to pull it off,” he says with a shrug and shark toothed smile. His teeth are impossibly white.
Rory Santiago.
“I’ve taken care of the fallout for you. For both of you. You appreciate that, don’t you, Ms. Garza?” Still grinning. The grin makes him look rabid.
I nod passively, dumbly. Clinton drops his hand from his face, the trauma of the slap drawing his limbs down as if he might melt into the earth. Clinton’s a statue next to me, so paralyzed and wracked with fear you could land a bird on him.
“I thought you might appreciate that. You—” He touches me and I control the urge to flinch. Barely. I’m taking my cues from Clinton and the best approach seems to be as still and cooperative as possible. The senator rubs the back of his index finger down the wires of my temple, over my jawline, resting on my chin. He grabs the bone and flesh there, hard.
“You hold a bright future ahead of you. You’re a smart young woman with powerful friends. My son here—” He releases my chin and slaps Clinton on the arm—“should be so lucky.”
“Lucky.” The word tumbles from me with all the bottled bitter taste I’ve ingested over the last four years.
“Lucky,” Edmund Fuller repeats with a scary twitch of his wolf mouth. He looks more like a wolf now. His eyes are too pale for a shark.
“Sorry for all the pomp and circumstance. I thought it might do you both some good to be taken down a notch. Next time you feel the urge to do a terrible job cheating the system, there won’t be a next time. Enjoy the rest of the year kids. It will absolutely be your last here at the Academy.” He turns on a dime, expensive pleated pants and black shining shoes sparking against the cement. “At least one of you will be graduating and making yourself useful to society,” he says with his back turned.
The soldiers press in on us and shove us out of the room. The wall slides back into place and Senator Edmund Fuller slides out of view. Clinton lets out a spooked sob. I turn to him and my gaze catches on the welt dotting his cheek. I open my mouth to speak.
“Don’t talk to me,” Clinton says again, with measured ferocity.
“What did he mean?”
“He means we were caught cheating. He saved our asses. I’m not graduating. You didn’t catch any of that? And everyone says I’m stupid.” He pushes away from the guards, stomping out through the tech scanners and into the heavy grey day.
The guards don’t attempt to stop him, instead they disperse like the seeds of a dandelion in the wind, scattering back to their posts. Probably glad to be out of the cross-hairs of our odd grouping. I don’t follow. I linger in the hallway of the administration building. Edmund Fuller can’t hide in there forever.
After ten minutes of no activity, the wall slides away one more time and the senator emerges. He straightens his tie and a silver Prothero band slides into view, rolling back down into the cuff of his crisp, gleaming white button up shirt. His straw colored hair is neatly parted. He leers over at me and I notice his perfect, artfully sculpted dimples. Goosebumps surge and spark along my skin. It’s a familiar sensation. I’ve come to associate it with the Fullers.
“You stayed. How incredibly thoughtful.” He glides over to me with a perfect, languid gait. Like he’s floating on air.
“How did they catch us?” The words plunge forth with a life of their own. It’s a stupid question but I need the answer. I need to know where I messed up and how Prothero found out. Loopholes like this can’t exist. I can’t make stupid mistakes.
“Prothero has eyes everywhere, Ms. Garza. I’m surprised you haven’t noticed. Don’t you possess one of theirs?” He offers me another slippery, toothy grin.
“I wanted—”
“I’m sure you did. But as I explained earlier, your wishes are all used up. It’s an incredible disappointment. You had such high hopes, I’m sure.”
He winks at me. I suppress the urge to shudder. Weakness in front of this man would be like swimming in bloody water with a shark.
“Clinton—”
“Don’t trouble your devious little mind about him. He’ll be fine, Ms. Garza. So will you. I’ve made sure of that.”
“What did—”
“I exerted the pressure I am capable of, to save you both from yourselves. You’re welcome.”
“Thank you,” I say, sounding more sincere than I feel. His comment about Rabbit filters back to my memory. “You mentioned Rabbit—I mean, Rory Santiago,” I begin, anticipating he will cut me off. He doesn’t. The senator’s expression is blank, waiting.
“Yes, what about him?”
“You said he owes you,” I repeat his statement, hoping to avoid asking a question I don’t really deserve an answer to.
“Oh, I believe Rory’s secrets should be his own. Don’t you? Men are so often incapable of true subterfuge. If he hasn’t told you his sorted background, I don’t believe that is my place. But it is curious of you to ask. Any particular reason you need this personal information?” One side of his mouth curves up in vague amusement. “It’s very personal.”
“No, not really. I—no,” I falter.
“I suspect he would echo the sentiment. You look a little deflated, Ms. Garza. I know, it’s all so overwhelming. Drink a glass of warm milk and lay down for a bit. Consider the future I mentioned. It’s very bright indeed. There are many uses for your talents. It would be a shame for all that to end here, don’t you think?” He tips an imaginary hat and brushes past me. The guards resurface on the other side of the scanner and escort him from the building.
They move fast and vanish into a heavily armed hover car, trailing two more in its wake. A helo in the air above, blades thumping and chopping the wind all around it, monitors the procession.
Senator Fuller leaves and takes the remainder of my hope of a clean getaway with him. It’s back to my original, much more complicated plan for exiting National Service. Plan B. It’s back to waiting for an opening. Waiting for something to change.


CHAPTER SIX:
SOMETHING CHANGES
The nano migraines return with a vengeance. My head throbs, my skull stuffed with nothing but nerve endings and glass. Jolts of electricity shoot across my veins with each thrum from my temples. It’s bad enough by fifth period I’m excused from Flight Simulation and sent to the infirmary.
Helo SIMs are my favorite part of course rotation, both for the chance to showcase my tech expertise and the knowledge that each SIM brings me closer to my goal of departing national service and Prothero forever.
The infirmary is a newer one story white stone building attached to the Academy compound, and the compound itself is on the far southern end of the base. It’s next to the open land used for running field exercises.
The infirmary is a component of the classroom training, where field nurses and doctors practice, so the buildings are connected to one another by a covered glass walkway. Whoever designed this structure knew of the rainy reputation in the Pacific Northwest and cared enough to keep us dry. On the way down the hall my vision blurs and doubles, fading into disorienting patches of black. I use my hand as a guide, fingers trailing across concrete and brick until I stop in front of the infirmary. I pull open the heavy metal door and enter the main room. A young male receptionist, probably a failed resident, sits at the front desk, boredly surveying the empty room. Standing next to him is a woman in her late 30s.
“Another headache?” Nurse Esperanza asks. She wears a scrub shirt and uniform pants, and her sable hair is pulled back into a ponytail. She motions me behind a secure door and I trail her into an empty examination room.
I hop up on the exam table, massaging the pressure point of my temple.
She studies me. “Have you taken your injection today?"
“This morning. Just like clockwork. I don’t like this new stuff they’re pumping into me.”
“I was worried about that. The dosage with the next generation injectors is excessive. That started when, around the turn of the New Year? January 1?"
“Yeah. Somewhere around the bombing anniversary. I hate it. The headaches are so much worse. What would happen if I stopped taking it?” I ask.
“At the worst you would suffer catastrophic organ failure and cerebral hemorrhaging. The least would be chronic immune system deficiency. The nanos and organs are waging a war inside you, Eleni. Those injectors keep you on the winning side.”
“And the only side effects are nose bleeds and constant migraines.”
“Don’t be so dramatic. It’s not that bad, is it?”
I fish the injector out of my pocket and set it against the tip of my right pointer finger, depressing the green button at the top. A needle pops out and stabs into my skin. The fluid enters my veins. Metal fills my mouth. Bile rises in my stomach.
“This new stuff is that bad. How about some pain meds?” I ask, attempting to apply a modest amount of charm. Prothero has turned me into a glorified junkie.
“Nothing strong enough to cure your winning personality. Here’s extra vicodin. You can lay down here or in your barracks.”
I lean back against the wall in defiance. “Vicodin isn’t strong enough.”
“OK, here’s what’s going to happen. The bloody nose in the SIM a month ago seems to be the catalyst for this series of headaches. And that started when they upped the medication dosages. Yeah, I heard about that. I heard about all of that. You’re my patient Eleni. My responsibility. I’m sending Dr. Dawson a wave about these complications. I’m not sure what’s going on in there.“ She taps on my head.
I peer up at her, brows furrowed.
“But I don’t like it. I don’t like this new medicine they prescribed you. You should return to the old dosage.” She turns and opens a cupboard, retrieving a bottle of pain medication from a middle shelf.
“I don’t like any medicine,” I inform her, glowering.
Nurse Esperanza spins back around, all traces of her former patience vanished.
“Glare at me all you want. It doesn’t hurt my feelings one bit. 5,000 individuals with their own complicated medical histories live on this base and I treat every single one of them. You are by far the most stubborn.”
“Dr. Dawson won’t come. He hasn’t seen me in over two years.” I swing down off the bed and scoop up the bottle of pills from her.
“Oh ye of little faith,” she says.
“More like no faith,” I mutter.
I’m touching the doorknob when Nurse Esperanza calls out.
“One more test before you go,” she insists, rifling inside another drawer.
“I’m a human guinea pig anyway. What’s one more test?” I grumble, hoisting myself back up on the bed.
She retrieves a needle and extracts a blood sample, bandaging up the barely visible puncture wound with gentle precision.
“What do you want with my blood?” I ask, running a finger over the band-aid.
“Nothing really. I just have a hunch.” Her smile spreads, crinkling her pert nose. “Don’t worry so much Eleni. You’re a good kid.”
“You’re probably the only person who believes that,” I say, enjoying the comfort of her words.
“Oh, that’s not true. But you could ease up on the angst and self loathing. You’d probably make more friends that way.”
“Precisely what I need. More friends.” I roll my eyes.
“I’ll wave you when I hear from Prothero.”
“I’ll die before that happens,” I mutter as I walk past her.
She waves me off dismissively and shuts the door of the exam room against my back. For the moment, the pain medication burns the headache out of my system. The only option now is returning to class. I take my sweet time walking down the empty hallways and corridors back to the education building where sixth period tech awaits.

As soon as I enter the lab, Clinton Fuller glares at me from the back of the room. My ears burn as I take a seat across from him. I don’t speak. Don’t make eye contact. It will only exacerbate the situation. That lasts for about five minutes.
“This isn’t going to work out,” I whisper to him. “Maybe you should go back to Santiago? Save yourself the embarrassment of being seen with me.”
It’s supposed to be a helpful suggestion, but the word “embarrassment” makes him cringe. One of his meaty hands curls into a fist.
“Neither of us got what we wanted,” I insist, not heeding his warning glare. “So let’s cut our losses. Go back to our old partners.”
“Shut up and do the work,” he responds with a menacing grumble.
“You’re going to regret this.” I snap a data chip into the belly of a plasma rifle.
It warms beneath my fingers and I smile in satisfaction, despite the stress of interacting with Clinton. The comforting hum produced by the mechanics clicking on soothes my frayed nerves. My life might be spiraling out, I might be manipulated and forced into tasks I am uncomfortable with, but technology is the one thing I can still exert control over.
“I already do regret this,” Fuller says, voice rising.
He swipes an arm through our project, scattering the pieces across the table and onto the ground. Destroying our entire work for the last forty-five minutes. Probably damaging some of the pieces beyond repair.
“Real mature Fuller. What are we supposed to do now?”
He shrugs. “Pick it up.”
“You first.”
“Pick it up, Garza,” he commands.
I look around the room and notice we’ve pulled in a small audience. Rabbit stares down at his tablet, a curtain of hair masking his features. There are no Scarletts or Rosas here to ease my discomfort. Even Sergeant Vargas watches in mute fascination. Clinton Fuller gets whatever he wants and most of those in authority let him.
“Do it yourself. Clean up your own messes.”
“I don’t need to do that. Ever,” Clinton says, an ugly sneer crawling over his features. The uncanny resemblance to Senator Fuller curls my lip.
“Rabbit,” Clinton says, with the intonation you might use to call a loyal pet to your side. “Come here.” I almost expect him to punctuate this command with a whistle.
From across the room, as if he’s been waiting for this cue, Rabbit rises slowly to his feet. He paces over to our table, hair hanging like a distorted halo around his head.
“Could you get that for me?” Clinton asks, pointing with the toe of his boot at our ruined project.
Rabbit bends down to retrieve the rifle components at our feet.
“Rabbit,” I say, keeping my voice low but earnest. “Don’t.”
He doesn’t respond, just collects the damaged items and places them on the counter. He stands there, his hands splayed out on the tabletop. His fingers press so hard against the table, his knuckles turn white with tension. His face is hidden, but an ache beats out of my metal heart for him. I have no clue how Santiago’s tied to Clinton, what the Fullers have on him. But I don't want to see him like this.
A sudden impulse to touch him over-takes me. His hand is just a few inches from mine. My fingers twitch and I make a choice. I set my hand firmly down on top of his. For a brief moment our fingers intertwine, and Rabbit’s head snaps up, hair parting so our eyes meet. His lips tick up into a fleeting smile and his forehead crinkles in confusion.
“Eleni,” he says, a little too warmly. A blush rushes up my neck. A blush rushes to some other parts of my body too and I lose focus on everything for a moment. It’s just me and him.
And I do like the way he says my name.
From the head of the room Sergeant Vargas interrupts. “Santiago, back to your seat.”
Rabbit reluctantly turns to leave, pulling his hand away from mine with a surprising gentleness. I watch him go and his back isn’t hunched anymore. It feels like some weird inexplicable victory. Momentary and fleeting.
“Prothero is the only thing protecting you, Garza. And they’ve basically left you for dead,” he sneers, his words low. “You’re just as helpless as Rabbit. Remember that.”
“And your dad is the only thing protecting you. Why are you even here? You’re just wasting everyone’s time.” I shove the pieces of our project across the table at him.
He jumps back out of his seat, raising his fist. “I’ll fucking kill you, Garza,” he shouts.
I hop off my stool, a warm heat rising up on my wrist and curling around my forearm. It’s the band. It’s the warm rush of electricity. I stare across the table at Fuller.
“Try it,” I say, narrowing my eyes. “I want you to try it.”
Clinton takes a step forward and from our right, Rabbit appears out of thin air, like he teleported from the other side of the room.
“Clint,” he says, his empty hands outstretched, both palms held open like a saint in supplication. “What the fuck are you doing?”
Clinton startles, taking one step back, his fist dropping to his side. “You’re not doing this,” Rabbit says, his voice low and earnest. “Right?”
Clinton looks at Rabbit, confusion contorting his features. “No. I don’t—I don’t know.”
“It’s OK Clint. Let me help you. OK?” Rabbit says, tone soothing.
“Yeah. Sounds good,” Clinton says vacantly.
Rabbit nods and smiles, but it’s not a genuine smile. It’s fake and strange. I look around the room and pretty much everyone has abandoned their projects to watch this bizarre interaction. Even Vargas gazes at the scene from behind the safety of her desk.
Rabbit surveys me out of the corner of his eye. “Garza, get a new partner.”
I take his cue, nodding and slowly backing away from the table. Rabbit sits down heavily in the seat I just vacated and pinches the bridge of his nose. From my close vantage point, I see his hands slightly shaking. Fear constricts my throat and sends chills up my arm.
Clinton drops back down into his seat, his head bowed.
“I’m sorry,” Clinton says, directing his apology to Rabbit. “I didn’t mean it.”
“Yeah. Of course. I know. It’s cool, Clint. You’re cool,” Rabbit’s voice is tender, like he’s talking to a young child. He surveys the table in front of him and picks up the EMP gun from the table. “Let’s just work on this, alright?”
Clinton nods emptily, his fingers searching across the table. He selects a trigger and hands it to Rabbit without looking up.
I open my mouth to interject but an impulse tells me to stop. It tells me that I pushed too far and maybe I broke something in Clinton. He looks broken.
Or maybe he broke himself and I was just a handy tool.
“Back to work,” Vargas barks, shocking the residents and myself out of our drama induced stupor. She exchanges a long look with Rabbit and he shakes his head firmly, his attention diverting back to Clinton. Vargas hesitates, taps her fingers on the table, and turns away.
Broken Clinton is Rabbit’s mess to clean up.
Clinton is eerily quiet for the rest of the period until the warning bell sounds for General Assembly. He stirs like he’s in a trance. Rabbit meets my eyes and his expression shifts. He doesn’t appear angry, he just seems tired. He opens his mouth, his brows furrow briefly, and I know he wants to say something, but instead he drops his head. He places a hand on Clinton’s shoulder, guiding him into line several people behind me.
The entire walk to General Assembly I hold my pounding temple, willing the growing pain to retreat. The silence from the back of the line is deafening. Right before we enter the doors I break formation and veer off towards a water fountain. I retrieve two more pain relievers from my pants pocket, gulp them down and splash water on my forehead.
I’m standing there long enough for Rabbit and Clinton to pass. Clinton shuffles like the undead, Rabbit gently pushing him forward. We share another loaded glance, and Rabbit’s mouth slips into a thin, discouraging line.
It’s quite possible Rabbit doesn’t like me anymore.
In the assembly hall, Scarlett stands two lines over and playfully winks across the expanse of people separating us. I hold up a hand numbly to indicate I see her. She’s with Emilia Rosa. The other Rosa twin, Emanuelle, is four lines over. Emilia and Emanuelle Rosa are the only other people at the base who acknowledge my existence with more than a casual, passing interest. Probably because they’ve obtained the “freak” status as well. The base doesn’t house another set of twins. The statistical likelihood of both twins being suitable for National Service is slim, according to the mini-documentary Prothero financed on them last year. Like me, they bear the stigma of being Prothero public relations props.
The Rosas have individual names, but most people don’t bother to remember them because they look and sound so similar. Only Scarlett, myself, and the commanding officers bother to distinguish between them.
Scarlett speaks into her band and her wave registers in my earpiece. One of the benefits of being an android, I suppose.
“What’s going on? You look sick.”
I shake my head at her and whisper towards the band, “We’ll talk later.”
Before we make any further exchanges, a siren announces the beginning of General Assembly. Colonel Gutierrez steps up to a podium at the front of an elevated stage at the back of the room. His voice projects over loudspeakers buried in the ceiling. He makes brief announcements about which residents are due for inoculations, and what upcoming power outages and food shortages to expect. He steps away, the auditorium grows dark and a virtual spins into existence, displaying the latest news from around the globe.
My mind switches to autopilot as a pulsing red beacon leapfrogs from continent to continent, images spilling out from states and countries depicting all manner of horrors we are shielded from until our training ends. It’s the same bleak scenes on display, with the nano virus lurking as a persistent fearful threat we need Prothero’s protection from. They are shielding us from a dangerous biohazard, sheltering the deserving from a miserable fate, so we should be grateful. Images of war, bombs, guns, and disease flash past our upturned heads so fast my stomach churns.
Gutierrez clears his throat loudly, calling my wandering attention back to the elevated stage where he speaks. Other bodies snap to attention.
“There is one other issue I’d like to address before we part tonight. We’ve experienced unrest in our Southern states over the last five months. We suspect an informant exists in our ranks. An infiltrator feeding a Contra group information about our movements and our new weaponry.
“If you have information or suspicions about a fellow resident, soldier or colleague please contact a sergeant or lieutenant. Do not attempt to confront this person individually. Federal agents will assist with detaining and questioning to determine guilt.”
My left temple throbs, fear rippling out over me. I steal a glimpse down the line. It’s shadowy in the assembly hall but I can make out Clinton’s hulking shape. Projections from the images overhead dance oddly over him and the residents between us. He stares passively up at the ceiling, his eyes sunken and red rimmed. He might actually be crying. Foreboding washes over me as the image of a bomb exploding rises up on the virtual, raining debris down on the assembly. It dissipates into nothingness before it reaches us. I close my lids and Clinton and the destruction disappear into blackness.
After General Assembly we’re released for the afternoon until dinner. Scarlett and I find each-other in the crowd quickly, we nod to the Rosas and scoot out the door to her barracks before we are discovered by any of Clinton’s group.
I relate the story from Tech and once we’ve gone over the entire scenario, I beg her to drop it. We read our instructional texts together, sitting side by side on the floor at the foot of the bed, scrolling through the tablets on our laps, tucked up against each other. Breathing comes easier with Scarlett. My headache spins down to a dull roar. It’s possible to concentrate on the text.
We are safe for the rest of the evening back in Scarlett’s barracks. We finish our assigned reading, making a brief foray into differential equations before we both lose interest. It’s time for lights-out at 8pm. I drop underneath her bed, laying on the cool concrete beneath it. She tosses me a pillow and I prop it below my head, staring at the mattress separating us.
I reach up and poke a finger between the springs. She shifts and drops her head down to speak with me, her mass of curling blonde hair obscuring her ears. Her dangling face grows crimson as gravity forces blood to the top of her skull.
“Yes, my darling Leni?”
“Nothing. I missed your stupid face,” I say with a teasing grin.
“Your face is stupid. Goodnight dear.”
“Night Mom,” I murmur back, my lids falling closed.


CHAPTER SEVEN:
SIMULATION COMBAT
In the morning, during the stroll from our barracks to the mess hall, a wave pops up on our bands. I open it and my heart melts into liquid, dripping into my stomach. I notice others looking down at their wrists, then laughing and guffawing, elbowing each other. All around me, residents are laughing. They’re laughing at Clinton and they’re laughing at me.
Someone, my guess is one of the mean girls from Tech with designs on humiliating both of us, circulated an image of us embracing. The image is shopped, our heads attached to the bodies of others, but it’s a fairly good depiction. I cringe, embarrassment and frustration assaulting me. This is not going to resolve our struggle, it’s only going to make the conflict between Fuller and I worse.
If he is even aware of it. He wasn’t firing on all cylinders the last time I saw him at General Assembly.
Though my stomach is queasy from the wave, I manage to choke down four pieces of bacon, buttered toast, and an apple. Scarlett, after commiserating over the wave and its implications, keeps a watchful gaze on Clinton, Rabbit, Luis and two other male residents I vaguely recognize. Clinton looks less shell-shocked than yesterday, but he’s sitting unearthly still at the table, not engaging in dialogue with his friends.
Rabbit isn’t saying much either. He asks Clinton a few questions, and Clinton either nods or shakes his head in turn. Rabbit must feel the weight of my stare, because he glances over his shoulder with the same frowning expression from yesterday, and scoots over to block my view of Clinton.
I set down my half eaten apple, my stomach rumbling with agitation.
“Who do you think sent the wave?” I ask, dragging my hood up over my head and slumping down further in my seat.
“An evil troll. It’s not worth your time trying to figure it out. Do you think he’s gonna start a fight? In front of all the residents here?” Scarlett takes a sip of coffee, grimacing.
“Maybe.” I push the tray away from me. “I don’t know. He looks really messed up. I mean, one minute we’re about to throw down and the next…I don’t know what I did.”
Scarlett eyes me skeptically, “You have no idea?”
“Look, he threatened to kill me. He raised his damn fist. Why am I the one feeling so guilty? I didn’t do anything!” My voice raises in indignation.
“I’m not blaming the victim. Obviously he came at you. Everyone saw it. Everyone but me. So what else happened?”
“Rabbit,” I say, my eyes flicking over to him and back again. “He stepped between us and Clinton just like—went blank. It was so weird.”
“They’re weird,” Scarlett observes, taking a long swig of coffee.
I pull out the injection device and Scarlett turns away. She dislikes the miniscule drop of blood collecting on the tip of my finger. There is a sick, sad kind of humor in a soldier who grows queasy at the sight of blood. The Rosas watch with vague interest. They are in the medical specialization and all the anatomical elements and oddities of the transplants and nano juice fascinate them.
“Ugh. Why do you do that at the breakfast table? It makes me so ill,” Scarlett groans down into her coffee cup, indicating the injector.
“Guess I’ll just die then.” I drop the injector to the table dramatically.
“Your death will be for a worthy cause.” Scarlett shoves the injector away with a finger.
“Did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed or what?”
“I did, in fact, do just that thing. The lights were all wonky in our barracks last night. You didn’t notice them?”
“That’s odd,” Emanuelle says. "Pretty sure we’re on the same circuit as you. We didn’t see anything.”
“Annoying is another way to describe it.” Scarlett takes an extra large swig from her mug. “It was annoying. The lights flashed off and on for hours. Not to mention Len is a walking, talking space heater. With her below the bed, I was pig sweating all night long.”
“Pig sweating?” Emilia asks.
I offer a brief, quiet snort in response and Scarlett chuckles good naturedly.
To either side of Scarlett, I notice people staring. All during breakfast residents nudge each-other and point our way, laughing openly. I ignore them. As much as I’m used to invisibility, I’m accustomed to recognition as well. Dealings with Prothero numbed me to both.
“What’s in those injectors anyway?” Scarlett asks, raising a dubious eyebrow.
“Battery acid and carbonite.”
“I wouldn’t put it past Prothero.” She frowns down at the injector. I pocket it defensively.
“Must we talk about my evil corporate sponsor this early in the morning? I'm anxious enough as it is.” I squint over at Fuller’s table. Rabbit’s skinny body is positioned stealthily to block my direct view of Clinton’s face. I just want to know what to expect. He threatened my life. I deserve to know if he’s going to make good on his promise.
Scarlett pats my arm.
“You wave me the minute those creepos try to mess with you.” She stands up. “And forget about the dumb picture. It sucks for right now, but it will be old news before too long.”
“No it won’t. If it’s on the net, it’s forever,” I remind her.
“People have short attention spans. They’ll forget soon enough. So relax.”
“Yeah, I’m super relaxed,” I say, poking at the apple core on my tray.
Scar rolls her eyes, squeezes my shoulder, and leaves the table. The rest of us follow suit. We compost our uneaten food and depart on our separate ways. As I walk beside the twins, it’s even more impossible to tell them apart when they’re dressed in uniform. Today they’ve both gone for double braids and their dark almond eyes are hidden under hats. We exit the main doors and meet up with our group outside the mess hall.
We usually march down Chenoweth Creek Road, the main road through the base, but it’s raining outside today and the lieutenants are lazy so they order a hovercar. The lambent blue glow of the engines hum as the machine drifts in the air, rocking peacefully back and forth. A metal ramp rolls down from the door and we board the craft in pairs, taking assigned seats.
I end up squashed between the two Rosas who are excitedly chatting about preparations for testing they will endure this morning. We enjoy the thirty minute ride from one end of the base to the other, passing the giant operations building and the mile long armory jam-packed with expensive tech. I pay special attention as we cruise by rows of EMP tanks, drones, and helocrafts.
Adrenaline surges through me in proximity to these large, dangerous machines. They lurk on the base grounds like a napping pride of lions, watching and waiting to pounce at the first sign of danger. Part of me is horrified by the purpose they serve, but a greater part of me is fascinated and thrilled by them. They possess a complicated, sexy power and the tech inside them is a thing of beauty.
In four months we will be done with training and education. We will be operating these weapons in actual military scenarios. We will be killing human beings, instead of virtual simulated ghosts. Instead of shooting each other with rubber pellets. Those thoughts are not so thrilling. Those thoughts keep me up at night. They are the endless subjects of the letters between Mateo and I.
It’s nice to be indoors. The room temperature is moderate and the climate is dry. The giant warehouse is decked out for urban warfare today, and it looks like we’re running a scenario at a large commercial port. There are gutted out rotting semi trucks and twisted cargo containers scattered around larger buildings and cranes dotting the expanse. A rusting metal sign dangling above us reads “Terminal 6.” A strange sigh of relief escapes me when they close the SIM doors and we meet up with our tactical superiors.
My body is on high alert. All the tension arising from the last day culminates here. The altercation, the ominous apprehension from yesterday’s afternoon General Assembly, the wave this morning, and the creepy interaction at breakfast prepare me for a rocky day playing at war. I’d hoped for a semblance of the camaraderie soldiers are supposed to have for one another on the battlefield, but Rabbit is still glued to Clinton’s side. And Clinton still looks lost.
We are behind all the other units scanning the area for specialized weapons technology as well as identifying any last remaining targets and securing the rear of the forward surge. No drones today. I yearn for the somber, safe interior of the tank and the swooping display of our remotely piloted aircrafts. I don’t want to be anywhere near Clinton or Rabbit.
I keep as quiet and invisible in our unit as possible. Corazon, Clinton, and Luis are in the lead. Rabbit and I walk ten paces behind, using our chest displays to punch up the camera view from the back of our helmets. Our rifles, loaded with rubber bullets instead of live rounds, come equipped with mirrors to scout for approaching enemies. We are only issued real plasma rifles for target practice and trips outside the base. Too many accidents in the last ten years to trust a resident with a real plasma rifle inside the SIM.
Every once in a while, we turn to get a full visual scan of the area behind us. So far nothing has made an appearance, which is typical for this kind of simulation. Taking up the rear usually results in a dull exercise for our squad. All the fighting happens in front of us, where I prefer it. As much experience as I’ve logged in the simulators, entering a war zone raises the hairs on the back of my neck.
“Up there.” Luis nods at the roof of a building about 700 feet away, towards a Contra soldier holding a rocket launcher aimed directly at the EMP tank.
“Think they’re gonna get him?” Rabbit asks.
“Probably not,” Luis says.
Corazon taps on her band, “Bison Four, you’ve got a sniper with a rocket launcher east of your coordinates, roof-top.”
A resident pops out of the tank and fires her rifle towards the sniper, who staggers a few steps back, drops the launcher, and falls from view.
“Good thing we weren’t taking bets,” Rabbit says.
He looks over at me, his expression carefully blank. I narrow my eyes at him and he turns away, absorbed with his display.
A blast from the EMP tank at a target unseen to our unit is the catalyst to a wave of static electricity rolling back at us. The static-electricity aftershocks are a vaguely unpleasant experience. In the next few minutes, everything we touch delivers a mild sting and our rifles and displays frag too. Mine don’t. They never do. All of the machines attached to me work perfectly. Including the implants. The machines in my body and blood wouldn’t be much good to me if they could be rendered inoperable by a single EMP pulse. Another hidden benefit of the prosthetics.
Rabbit smacks his chest console and gives his helmet-cam a jog. The equipment is out of commission for the moment. This is the only time our GPS signal and vitals are undetectable to Prothero. They have alternate means of tracking us when the bands short out due to EMPs. We’re all implanted with microchips at the top of our spines, near our brain stems, where removal would be difficult and potentially deadly to achieve. A life insurance policy, of sorts.
“Equipment’s down,” Rabbit reports.
“Rabbit—”
He holds up a hand, then clicks the mic off his helmet. I nod and do the same.
“I tried to warn you. About Clint.” He squints at me like it hurts to meet my eyes. Like talking to me is physically painful.
“What’s wrong with him?” I ask, my gaze shifting ahead to the rest of our squad.
“That’s a loaded question.” Rabbit gives a mirthless grin. “Lots of things are wrong with Clint.”
“What did I do?”
“You didn’t do anything. Do not blame yourself for any of this. Guys like him are always looking for an excuse to hurt someone.”
“I guess. Senator Fuller—he hit Clinton in the face,” I say, wincing at the memory. “And Clinton just took it. I mean, he’s like twice the senator’s size. I don’t get it.”
Rabbit reaches up underneath his helmet to tug on one of his ears. It’s not a gesture I’ve seen him use before. It seems more like a nervous tick than conscious behavior.
Rabbit tugs harder at his ear. “You gonna tell me anymore about what happened between you? Why he wants to kill you so badly?”
Before I can answer, machine gun fire rattles off a few feet from our location. We both duck for cover. Rabbit taps on his chest display and the screen shudders to life.
“Equipment’s back up.”
I glance quickly at mine. All clear. We both rise to our feet, shaking off the virtual dust. We hoist up our scanners and move forward, albeit much more slowly than we should be moving. The relative isolation and quiet is about as pleasant as a SIM gets. Neither of us are anxious to dive headfirst into combat.
This far removed from the action, it’s hard to remember we’re in a war zone. It’s more like being immersed in an intense video game and less like the real thing. It’s the lack of smell. SIMs do everything but recreate the scent of sulfur and blood and sweat. The hot, acrid scent of death. I don’t want to die again. I don’t want to die fighting for a side I didn’t choose.
“You know most of it already. It doesn’t really matter anyway. We’re gonna die on a battlefield somewhere just like this.” I spread my arms wide, indicating the shattered glass and steel towers, the hollowed out cars scattered and rolled up against the buildings.
Rabbit’s head drops. “Not me. My situation is different.”
“How?” I ask. The conversation with Senator Fuller rushes back to me.
Rory Santiago has secrets.
He ignores the question. It’s really none of my business but somehow, our businesses keep getting tangled together. First the specialization, then the squad, and now Clinton. We can’t stay away from one another. Why can’t we stay away from each other?
Rabbit studies my temple. I reflexively move to cover the circuitry, reminding myself of the last time someone touched them. The terrible scrape of Senator Edmund Fuller’s waxy skin against mine. Rabbit blocks me and our gloved hands briefly fumble together.
He disentangles himself, clicking off the speakers in my helmet, bathing us in a wash of silence from the squad. It’s a relief to be disconnected from their shouts. He moves in close to me, our faces inches apart, the tips of our noses almost brushing. He presses against the hard casing of the helmet as if he could melt through and touch my cheek.
“Eleni—” Rabbit says, and he’s so close his hot breath tastes like cinnamon gum and the pleasant tang of his sweat hits my nostrils. “Be sharp in here. Clint’s not—he’s not right. I talked him down yesterday but I can’t be everywhere at once.”
“You don’t have to be. You—”
He leans in closer. For a brief, astonishing moment, I’m sure he’s going to kiss me. This is happening. Then it all becomes so absurd. Rabbit Santiago and I kissing in the middle of a SIM with Clinton Fuller a few hundred feet away. With bombs going off all around us. An explosion spouts shrapnel into the air and it rains down, the debris pelting our suits. Rabbit hesitates.
“You should let me go,” I say gently, regretting the words as they leave my mouth. “We’re in the middle of a SIM.”
Rabbit shakes his head and frees up space between us, but he retains his grip on the helmet—holding onto it as long as possible.
“I can take care of myself.” I push against his chest with a wry smile, trying to affect strength and confidence. “Fuller won’t beat me. Let him try.”
“Eleni.” He frowns. “You’re not safe.”
“No one’s safe.” I gesture at the carnage happening all around us. “Clinton’s not your responsibility.”
“He is. That’s the problem.”
“The problem with what?”
Rabbit sighs, taking another step back. His far off gaze returns. He bends over and retrieves his helmet. I peer ahead and see Clinton turned to watch us, staring hard. There’s quite a bit more life in his face than the last time I saw him.
“The problem with what, Rabbit?”
He ignores my question, pulling the helmet back over his head. I spend a moment studying his profile against the spark of gunfire flaring up in front of him. On his right cheek, a crescent moon shaped scar dangles like the comma of a sentence. He’s handsome, in a scrawny, scrappy way.
Rabbit’s display catches my attention as it flickers back to life. It’s a mirror image of my own, which neither of us are paying attention to. In our distraction, an enemy assault vehicle rolled up behind us, equipped with an Automatic Denial System and a Long Range Acoustic Device operating on low frequency, otherwise verbal communication would be impossible. The wheels of the vehicle roll over debris, crunching rocks and rubble beneath the metal.
We turn in time to see a gunner pop out a side panel equipped with an ADS gun. The function of an Automatic Denial System allows a concentrated burst of heat to be aimed at a specific target without damaging anything else around it. A discharge of hot air hits our backs and I dive on Rabbit to shield him from the blast, shouting out a warning to Corazon. We roll off into a row of cargo containers, away from the beam, when the LRAD kicks into full gear.
The auditory pulse causes an indescribably awful pain to radiate inside my skull. I reach up to turn my left hearing aid completely off, but think better of it. I may need to hear in the immediate future. The pain of the LRAD, coupled with the scent of scorching synthetic material and skin wafting towards us makes me dry heave, even in the midst of combat. Corazon takes shelter, but Clinton and Luis are exposed to the brunt of both beams since Rabbit and I moved off. They’re on their knees in the street, covering their ears, in too much agony to go for their rifles.
Corazon motions us to move around the side of the containers. We flank the vehicle, towards the open panels where the gunners aim the ADS units. We fire on them. Corazon shoots and the Contra simulation explodes, knocking her backwards and out of my line of sight. Our target drops his gun, and I snatch it up, tossing it away. Rabbit delivers a boot kick to the SIM’s face and drags him out of the vehicle, dumping him on the ground. I point my gun into the opening of the tank and fire. The wheels stop turning.
A noise emanating from the LRAD catches my attention. It’s the grinding, swirling sound of a machine working inside the vehicle. Rabbit walks a few paces ahead of me so I grab his elbow, attempting to haul him backwards. He digs in his heels and motions towards Clinton and Luis laying inert in the street.
The LRAD pulses, deafening, yet there is a gurgling, churning discord underneath it. I explain to him with mimed gestures my apprehension about the sound, but field signals are not my strong suit, and he shrugs in incomprehension, turning away. Frustrated, I approach the vehicle and press my palm against the side of the metal. Vibrations resonate to the surface and machinery ticks and hums inside.
Abruptly, the LRAD clicks off but the noise of the other device is overpowering, with a familiar undertone of liquid gurgling. I spin around to Rabbit.
“Move, now!” I shout, pointing in the direction of Clinton and Luis struggling in the street, a good portion of their clothes seared off.
“What?” He asks, confused, and probably still a little deaf.
“Bomb! It’s a bomb!” I turn my attention back to the vehicle. The ticking gains momentum. I reach in the panel and grip a hard metal device. A charger. I pull it out to examine.
From behind me, Rabbit exclaims, “Oh shit.”
Wires or external mechanisms are not visible on the charger to determine its origin or how to defuse it. The black, unadorned box is made up of hard metal and the explosives and tech are internal. It would take kinetic tools I don’t possess to crack the case and access the insides. The tools I need litter the ground, fifty feet away. There’s no time to gather them. My fingers tremble against the black box. The circuits to disable the charger are right at my fingertips, but there is no way to defuse them while the metal blocks access.
A low moan sounds nearby and I remember Corazon was knocked into a row of shipping containers. I toss the charger into the open panel on the assault vehicle. Disabling it would be a futile effort ending in my charred corpse. Well, the SIM version of a charred corpse, anyway. I don’t care to discover what that looks or feels like today. I motion to Rabbit, who hauls Luis off the road, and scramble to assist our squad leader. My connection to the bomb is severed by the distance, but it doesn’t matter. There are only seconds left on the timer. Corazon needs to be shielded. I hope Rabbit moved Clinton.
Corazon lays propped up against a rusted container, bleeding from scattered cuts on the exposed parts of her face, as well as a cut across her right bicep. She is twice my size and there’s no way I can move her in time, not without assistance. Her vitals on the display read as normal. I frantically glance around until I notice a piece of side panel by us. I grab the rusting silver metal and hold it over my back like a shield. I cover her, though my effort is pitiful, and wave Rabbit on the display.
“Take cover!”
The vehicle explodes behind us. The force of the concussion spills me forward. Wrenched metal and burning tire fall over us in chunks. The smell of chemicals and wires assaults my nostrils and churns my stomach. I roll off Corazon and stare up at the sky for a minute, my breath coming out in short pants. Other than being covered in bruises and dirt, I am fine. I prop myself up on my elbows, trying to get a visual on the rest of the squad.
Off in the distance a figure stealthily approaches, slinking through the shadows of rubble. His image wavers and flickers in the oily smoke from the fires burning around us. He’s tall, so it must be Rabbit. But he’s alone, which doesn’t make sense. I sent him off after Luis and Clinton. Why would he be alone?
The figure steps out from the shadows and a wracking cough bursts from my lips. I prop myself up further, squinting. A low-pitched whine kicks off at the base of my skull, a migraine winding up in volume and intensity. The shadowy figure is Mateo. He’s not wearing a suit, he’s wearing street clothes. The clothes I last saw him in. The same clothes he was wearing in the SIM over a month ago when Rabbit destroyed that building. When the nosebleeds started. When the electricity sparked from my fingertips. The anniversary of the Paris bombing. When the new drugs started. My brain spins. It all feels connected, doesn’t it? Is it all connected?
Mateo’s long, straight hair lifts and swirls in the drafts from the overhead SIM fans. He stops thirty feet away, the shadow of a shipping container swallowing most of his figure.
“Eleni,” he whispers, lifting his hand and reaching it out to me. “Help me.”
Help him? I’m the one who just got blown up.
The whine pulses louder. I tap my ringing ears. The vision in my eye pixelates and blurs. Mateo’s shape distorts, then washes out of existence. Into the air where he stood, Rabbit emerges. Simulated Mateo transforms into real Rabbit, who’s lugging our wounded squadmates behind him. Luis and Clinton’s suits are shredded, flapping like tattered flags in the breeze.
Burns mar their skin and a tiny part of me rejoices at the sight of their injuries. My ears ring from the LRAD and the explosion so their dialogue sounds like gibberish. They spot me and I give a brief wave. Then Clinton’s face contorts, and he surges ahead of the group. Luis and Rabbit tug at his arms, attempting to halt his progress. He shakes them off. I roll over onto my knees, turning away from them and climbing painfully to my feet.
Clinton’s fist slams into my back and sends me sprawling into a pile of rubble from a blown apart shipping container. My head hits first, on the sharp, jagged corner. The vision blips in my left eye, a rainbow of colors seeping into the edges. They pool in the middle of my sight, merging into a sea of black. The acrid warmth of blood splashes across my tongue. With my still functioning right eye, I catch sight of the broken edges of the metal where I hit, spattered with red and blue liquid. The left half of my face is numb as if my mind and body lost connection there. Adrenaline shoots through me and a strong desire to fight rather than flee rips me onto my feet.
I whirl towards Clinton. He takes a step back—blinking at my ruined face—and then pushes forward, chest barreled.
“You’re dead Garza,” he shouts, close enough for spittle to land on me.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“You let the LRAD sneak up on us. You blew up the assault vehicle before we had a chance to get cover.”
I shake my head vigorously. Tendrils of pain flick out from my shattered eye socket and I reach up to the flashing wires there. It’s not full, throbbing pain. It’s the pressure points. It’s the mingling of real human hurting and robotic sensory stimulation.
“Jesus.” Rabbit groans from off to our left. “Your eye.”
“Holy shit!” Luis shouts. “Holy shit dude. This is not good. Not good. Rabbit, her eye is fucking gone. What do we do?”
“Send up the distress flare and flag down an EMT.” Rabbit waves at Luis, who nods and reluctantly jogs away from the scene. “I’ll handle this.”
“Clint.” Rabbit approaches us with his open palm technique from the tech lab. He reaches up to touch Clinton’s arm, but Clinton shrugs him off angrily. “She needs medical attention, her eye—”
Clinton jabs an accusatory finger towards me. “You can’t do anything right.”
“Me? You’re the one who can’t pass aeronautics.”
“Shut up Garza,” Clinton growls.
“You’re so pathetic even your father—”
“Eleni,” Rabbit says sharply. “Stop.”
Clinton glowers at Rabbit.
“What’s with you?” Clinton demands, thumping a fist against Rabbit’s chest. “Stay out of this. This is between me and her.”
“I can’t stay out of it,” Rabbit insists, gaze flickering over to me. “I don’t want to—I just want—”
Rabbit’s Adam’s apple bobs as he swallows back his statement. Clinton turns slightly, following his gaze.
“Garza?” Clinton asks. “You want Garza?”
The disbelief underscoring Clinton’s questions burns hot against my skin. Why is it so impossible Rabbit Santiago would want me?
Rabbit wants me.
The world tilts a little on its axis and I reach out to steady myself against the shipping container.
“You and Garza?” Clinton interrupts. “After what she did to me? After everything we’ve done for you?”
Rabbit’s eyes widen and then narrow to slits. He wheels to face Clinton. “What you’ve done for me? Are you fucking kidding me. Eleni—”
“You can forget about your future,” Clinton says.
“What’s he talking about?” I ask.
Rabbit looks back at me despondently through the snarl of his curling hair. His outstretched hand falls to his side.
“Eleni, I—” Rabbit starts. Clinton interrupts him.
Everyone interrupts Rabbit.
“You can forget what we offered you Santiago. Forget our deal. You don’t look at her. You don’t talk to her. She sabotaged me. She ruined me. She’ll ruin you, too. Just like Skye.” Clinton shoves Rabbit and steps between us, blocking our view of one another. “She’s a monster.”
“It’s not like Skye. It’s not gonna be like Skye. Now just calm the fuck down,” Rabbit says, a steely frustration working into his words. “Everyone calm the fuck down.”
“You calm down,” Clinton growls. “I can’t believe this shit. I’m trying to look out for you. Garza is bad news and you can’t help yourself when it comes to a wounded chick. I’m trying to be your friend.”
“You don’t have any friends,” I interject, taking a lurching step forward. The movement causes some loose wiring in the eye socket to sizzle. It fills the air with a melting plastic smell. “You don’t know what it’s like to be someone’s friend.”
“You’re pathetic, Garza. Look at you. Jesus Christ look at her.” Clinton’s mouth forms into an ugly sneer. “You have no fucking idea who I am. Who Rabbit is. None of it.”
“I am looking at her,” Rabbit says quietly. Clinton’s head snaps over to him. “I can’t stop looking at her.” Rabbit sighs heavily, running a hand over his face. “Oh god. Eleni. Your eye.”
“Are you fucking kidding me? You’re picking her over me? Why? Because I fucked Skye that one time.”
“For fuck’s sake,” Rabbit says through gritted teeth. “That has nothing to do with it.”
My heart drops into my stomach. I try to get Rabbit’s attention but he’s intentionally not looking at me now. “Face it Clinton. You’re a loser. Everyone knows it. Even your father knows it.”
All the humor and color drops from Clinton’s face. His eyes bulge. A vein I’ve never noticed before pulses in the fabric seared away from burnt skin on his neck.
Clinton winds up for a punch. I attempt to bolt around him, but his hulking frame blocks my retreat. I scramble backwards down the row of containers.
Clinton attacks me with a wild swinging fist and I jump back in time to avoid his fury. Shouts come from behind Clinton. I hear the shuffling movement of approaching residents. I see the grappling hands of skinny Rabbit.
Clinton’s inhuman appearance, the rage and humiliation, overwhelms me. It’s all I can see. My damaged eye socket burns so I swipe at it, the back of my hand coming away purple with mingled blood and blue fluid. My left hand balls into a fist. He’s too big for me to take down, but at least I can get one solid punch in. Clinton takes a step forward and I stand my ground. I pull my arm back to deliver a punch and it lands squarely on his jaw.
His head wobbles and he falls off to the right, against another shipping container. He uses it to steady himself. At the same time, simulated pain echoes in my artificial limb. I might be made of solid steel, but he must be made of solid rock. The false knuckle tissue on the fingers is torn and bleeding where my fist made contact. Veiny wires pulse up and down the arm, but otherwise, it is relatively undamaged. The pain is minimal. I could go rounds with this prosthetic.
Fuller shakes off the blow and moves toward me menacingly. I’m about to pummel him once more, when he kicks my gut and sends me reeling. All the air vanishes from my lungs. A familiar male voice shouts my name. Rabbit. Rabbit shouts my name.
Clinton follows the kick with a solid slug to my left temple and I collapse on the ground, my vision drowning in sparkling white and pink colors, my body unable to absorb anymore shocks and retaliate appropriately. A high-pitched squeal roars in my ear and sound in the ear implant cuts out.
Fuller’s on top of me, pounding with a flurry of fists mostly aimed at my head. My arms are thrown up over my face and I position the prosthetic to absorb the impact of the punches. My skinny forearm and wrist do not provide enough protection.
The lights overhead pulse and dim. Static electricity floods the space between Clinton and I, the tiny hairs on our bodies standing on end. The scent of ozone fills the air. The panic in my system turns to dread. An explosion of power is imminent. Something’s going to explode. I’m going to explode. A warning static pours from the band, blooming over my arms and forehead and skull. The static connects with Clinton and he jolts off my inert frame, staggering away in a fury of pain. The fists stop.
I push myself up off the ground to survey the landscape, my ribs and chest throbbing tenderly. A scrawny male frame holds Clinton, who thrashes and bucks in his grip like a wild animal. A staff sergeant muscles his way down the row and I discern the shapes of other residents behind him, jostling for a better vantage point. The sergeant shouts at us, but after all the abuse of the day, my ears run the sounds together into distorted white noise.
My attention diverted, I don’t notice anyone next to me until my bicep is gently shaken. I look over to locate the source of the jostling. It’s one of The Rosas. Emanuelle.
“What?” I ask her, dimly aware she attempts for a second or third time to elicit information.
“Can you hear me?” Emanuelle asks again, sound rushing back into the world.
I wince and nod, my head bobbing loosely on my neck as if my bones evaporated. I try to stand, but my legs are jelly. I slump back down to the ground, defeated for the moment.
“Eleni, your eye—”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s gone. I know. Doesn’t hurt.”
I reach up above my head and fumble around on the dusty metal of the shipping container until I grasp a door handle, hauling myself up. My legs sway drunkenly on the solid ground and I cling desperately to the frame of the container to steady myself. No more than ten feet away, Rabbit pulls Clinton’s arms behind his back. A staff sergeant stands in the empty space between us. He does not look pleased.
“You’re an asshole Clinton,” I slur with puffy lips. My face is so swollen it’s hard to convey emotions. I can’t feel the full force of the pain yet while adrenaline courses through my veins.
“You’re a monster!” Clinton bellows, striking out against the staff sergeant between us.
“Both of you, knock it off!” The staff sergeant commands.
I kick towards him with all the mustered force of my wobbling legs.
“I’ll kill you!” He lunges again, slipping out of Rabbit’s grip.
I’m prepared this time, standing my ground.
“You already tried!”
The staff sergeant deftly shoves Clinton towards Rabbit. They go sprawling back into the crowd behind them. Nobody makes an attempt to catch their falling bodies and they tumble to the ground.
“Not today,” the staff sergeant intones.
I sneer at their misfortune until he turns on me.
“What are you smiling at?”
I wipe the smirk off with red and blue stained fingers, smearing the blood across my cheeks.
“Oh damn,” the Staff Sergeant mutters, surveying the wreckage of my ocular implant.
He taps a button on his band and speaks into it.
“I need a medic in here.”
I stumble over and collapse into a heap a few feet away, assured there will be no more attacks. The adrenaline crashes out of my system. I’m deaf in my left air. Blind in my left eye. I can no longer hold back the tears of frustration. I lean my forehead on my knees and cover my ears. I want to shut the world out. I want to disappear.
A hand falls on my shoulder. Maybe Emilia or Emanuelle. I reach up to encircle the wrist, touching our matching bands, finding comfort in the human contact. It’s not one of The Rosas. The forearm is bigger and muscular. I release it at once and try to make out the owner, but my vision fuzzes again. I close both eyelids. It’s easier this way.
In the black, Rabbit whispers, “I’m sorry. Eleni, I’m so sorry. I didn’t want— I tried—”
“Rabbit,” I say. “Leave me alone.”
He moves off. The sounds of a scuffle register and I look up to see blurry shapes melting and tussling in the row. The slim shape of Rabbit and the big blonde shape of Clinton. The discord of fist meeting flesh and another struggle, but it isn’t important at the moment. Nurse Esperanza appears, shining a band light into my real pupil. While I fade into a welcomed unconscious state, she speaks into her band.
“Dr. Dawson, we need you at Fort Columbia. Urgently.”


CHAPTER EIGHT:
CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE
Scarlett finds me three days later. I’m sitting on a rock by the edge of a stream that runs by the base, skipping stones. A patch wraps over my left eye. They weren’t able to save the implant. It cracked in the socket and the internal connection to my visual cortex jarred loose during the initial gouging on the container. It would cost a significant amount of money to replace the old tech with a brand-new model. It would take time and energy and Prothero has lost their interest in me.
Dr. Dawson flew out from Washington DC to inspect the damage himself. It was nice to see him, despite everything. He’s older than I remember, his boyish good looks giving way to maturity and a more respectable greying around the edges. There’s a professorial undertone about him I attribute to a growth of facial hair.
The Doctor indicated he was personally interested in my case and made vague noises about a suitable ocular replacement he’d been tinkering with in the lab. They ran several tests—Dr. Dawson loves his tests—and found a tumor in the socket located where the electrodes connect and the nanos bind to soft tissue. I haven’t told anyone yet. What’s the point? I survived the explosion that killed my parents only to die at age eighteen of brain cancer—killed by the devices intended to give me life, sight, and sound.
Maybe it isn’t cancer. But it was disturbing to the Doctor and the nurses, which is enough for me. There’s a tumor growing inside me and it isn’t one hundred percent benign or malignant, but it’s suspicious and unsettling. They took a tissue sample for a closer look back at the lab in Washington DC. They doubled the dose of nano juice present in the injectors and re-plugged in the wires, attaching an interim ocular implant. The tech equivalent of a spare tire. It’s a shiny silver model displaying infra-red instead of the regular color spectrum. It’s taking a considerable amount of adjusting to discern separate shades but Prothero isn’t offering physical therapy this time. Passive aggressive punishment for breaking their product, I suppose. My sympathies for them are muted by the overarching fact that they gave me cancer.
“This seat taken?” Scarlett sits down next to me on the rock.
“Saving it for you. Aren’t you supposed to be writing an essay on serial killers in the 21st century?” I inquire, offering her one of the smooth, flat stones I’ve gathered into a pile at my feet.
She takes it in her petite, neatly manicured fingers. They’ve always looked so out of place here in the chaos of national service. As if she is destined for better things. Office work. Raising children in a big mansion. Pressing palms at an art gallery. You can’t imagine dirt or grime smudged under those nails. You can’t imagine someone cruel enough to send her off to combat with a rifle. She will be destroyed and buried. My heart aches. She reads my mind, giving voice to my thoughts.
“Are you kidding me?” Scarlett snorts. “Essays are time ill-spent. I’m strictly front-line material, Lenbot. Cannon fodder. Academics are for the smart girls.”
I smile sadly, my mouth lopsided because the left side of my face is tender from all the poking and prodding. It’s a brilliant rainbow of quickly fading bruises. The visible damage from the assault should be gone by the end of the day.
“Yeah, well they can have it,” I grumble, watching a failed skip sink beneath the surface of the water.
“How’s your eye?” Scarlett asks, distracting from my morbid mood.
“Busted. Got a spare while they’re fixing up a new one, but it’s awful.”
I toss the remaining handful of rocks in the water and pop the hood of my jacket up over my hair.
“Come on, Len. It’s not THAT bad. I bet you it’s wicked awesome. Like a superhero.”
“It’s not wicked awesome,” I mutter.
“Don't be so grumpy, Len,” Scar says, bumping her shoulder against mine.
“That’s my natural resting state.” I toe a rock around in the dirt.
“And yet, I’m still here.” Scar bumps her shoulder against mine again, harder this time. “You can’t get rid of me that easily.”
“Do you wanna see it?” I ask. “The eye?”
“No. Yeah. Is it gross?” She scoots in closer.
“Very.” I peel back the patch. The interim eye is made of solid metal with a cyan blue lens operating as the iris. It moves and functions like the old model. The appearance, however, is much creepier. I kind of like it. It’s more conspicuous in a way my other ocular implant never was. I don’t need to pretend at being normal anymore. I’m more robot than person and this is the last visual reminder for everyone.
“Oh wow. It’s pretty. Can I touch it?” She inquires.
I laugh at her question. No matter what screwed up events are happening, Scarlett provides much needed levity. She tosses her blonde curls over one shoulder and leans in. The closer she gets, the more she fish-eyes in the lens until her image distorts like a funhouse mirror. Her lips pout thoughtfully and I laugh harder as they bulge and grow to outrageous proportions in my view.
Scarlett taps the tech with one purple polish coated fingernail. It makes a tinny sound against her nail. I almost flinch at the touch, but the implant is too new to be fully incorporated and accepted as a real part of me. My body remains keenly aware of how false this organ is.
“Cool. I’m jealous,” she says.
“Really?”
“Yeah. I predict things are going to change for you. This eye thing is way more bad ass than you give it credit for. Now let’s get back inside. It’s freezing out here.” She stands and tugs on my elbow, pulling me to my feet.
We hang out in her barracks for the afternoon, smoking with the window open, playing a dice game with a virtual movie on in the background. It’s a regular Sunday night. A night to forget for a few hours I might be dying.

I don’t forget about it, though. And I want to be a step ahead of Prothero if I can be, so the next morning I wave Emilia and meet up with her in the resident medical wing. She checks out a phlebotomy kit from the lab, and we hike out to an abandoned house mouldering in the suburbs of the Dalles. We scout the perimeter and when it’s confirmed to be all clear, we kick open the weathered front door. Birds scatter in the attic rafters, along with the distinct squeaking of mice, but it’s otherwise devoid of wildlife. And humans, the bigger concern.
We settle into the kitchen and prop up the table and two chairs, knocked over by criminals looking for a place to rest their heels and take their hits. Glass vials and cigarette butts litter the floor. We aren’t the first people to utilize this space for recreational purposes. Emilia sets the medical kit on the table and stares at me openly. Her normally serene and happy demeanor is tinged with suspicion.
“This is a long walk to draw your blood, Len,” she says, voice calm but heavy with suspicion.
“Sorry for all the subterfuge, I’m never sure where or what or when the Academy might be recording. I don’t want them to know I’m doing this,” I admit.
“Why?” Emilia asks. Emilia is great for cutting through all the social static and getting straight to her point. She and Emanuelle will make excellent medical officers. Or medical researchers. They will excel at whatever they put their scary intelligent brains towards.
“There’s something wrong with me,” I say.
“Yeah, I thought so. You haven’t looked well for the last month or so. Dark circles under your eyes. Pale. Sweating. Nosebleeds. Are you sick? Are you dying?”
“Yes and no. I don’t have all the answers. But I don’t want to be kept in the dark either. You understand?”
Emilia hesitates, then nods. She extracts a syringe and preps her tools while she speaks.
“What kind of tests do you want me to run?”
“Whatever you want to run. But don’t tell anyone else what you find. Only me. Please. This is important.”
“What about Manny?” she asks. “Can I tell her?”
“Do you need to?”
I want to limit their exposure to Prothero, shield them as much as possible. I’m already involving them and asking too much. But I’m blind here, without information, with Prothero in total control. I need to stack the deck in my favor somehow.
“Of course I have to tell her. We could publish an amazing research paper on you. We’ve talked about getting a blood sample to study for months, since you’re the only person on base who takes regular nano suppressants. Honestly, I’m glad you asked for my help. The symptoms of implant rejections are increasing at a much higher rate than normal. So, can I tell her or what?”
Emilia waits for my answer with raised brows and a smooth, placid countenance.
“OK, only you two. No one else. Please,” I say. “And don’t name me in your publication.”
“Fine. I want you to count to ten for me. You will feel a slight prick,” she says, holding the needle over the pit of my elbow, poised near a vein.
“One, two, three, four, five, six—” She stabs the needle in my right arm.
“I thought you said ten,” I mutter, watching red liquid pour into the vial.
“I did. Neither of us like surprises. I don’t want to get caught violating a Prothero law, Len. Emanuelle is important to me. My life is important to me. We are going to do big things and change the world. You tell me if this is going to get me in trouble.” She flicks the vial and rubs my arm to keep the veins flowing.
“You aren’t going to experience consequences from running these tests. ell me the results. And then, get rid of the sample.”
She nods.
“Aren’t you even a little curious about what you might find there?” I ask, hoping to tease out a smile.
“Yes. I am.” She smiles good naturedly.
Emilia finishes the extraction and turns to rub a healing gel over the wound, but it has closed already.
“Already got that, thanks,” I say with a smirk.
She bandages my elbow anyway, wrapping the tape and gauze with expert precision. Her fingers don’t shake, and she maintains the composure of a dignified surgeon. It’s easy to forget she isn’t even eighteen years old yet when she works so efficiently.
She pulls a sticker from the back pocket of her pants and presses it against the cloth of my hooded sweatshirt.
“If it’s between you or Manny, I won’t choose you,” she says in a soothing tone.
I look at the upside down yellow smiling face she placed on my chest, right above my metal heart.
“If it’s between you or me, I would choose you too.”
“Good.” She zips up the pack. “That’s why I like you.”
She wraps up her tools and rises from the chair, knocking it over. We tip the furniture back into its state of disarray. It seems right, somehow.
“That’s not the only reason you like me,” I say, nudging her with my good elbow as we move out of the dining-room area.
“It’s certainly not your charming personality.” She gives me a friendly wink.
“Everyone says that. It’s starting to hurt my feelings,” I mutter, following her lead out of the door.
“That’s impossible. According to Scarlett you don’t have any.”
“Yeah, everyone says that too.”
“What are we going to find in your blood?” Emilia asks as we trudge away from the city, back towards the ruined highway.
“Answers.”


CHAPTER NINE:
CORPORAL PUNISHMENT
The punishment for physical aggression towards a fellow resident leading to bodily injury is three weeks latrine duty. Not quite corporal punishment, but close enough. To be honest, I’d rather take a corporal punishment option, but there is none available for first time offenders.
My assignment doesn’t start until Nurse Esperanza is assured my ocular implant is fully operational and integrated. Which means Rabbit’s already been cleaning toilets a full four days before I join him. We both arrive at the Commons door, buckets, mops, bleach, toilet scrubbers and rags in our hands. We make eye contact and Rabbit gestures towards the sliding door with his bucket.
“You ready for this?”
His tone is softer than it should be, and his gaze lingers too long on the glowing blue eye. His own face is decorated with a fading black eye and a scabbed-over cut slashing across his upper lip.
“No.” I brush past him. I kick open the first stall and set my tools down heavily.
There’s a long pause before Rabbit moves off to his own toilet. Muffled thumps and splashes issue from his stall and his knees bend to the floor as he works.
“It’s not fair.” His words echo in the otherwise empty room. “That you have to do this.”
“Why, because your buddy broke my eye?” I slip on a pair of yellow gloves and fish a toilet brush out of the bucket. I stare at it. I really don’t want to do this everyday for three weeks. I survey the toilet in front of me: urine spots and caked feces along the backsplashes and under the rim. Some human waste combination substance oozing up over the rim and down to the base of the toilet itself.
I don’t want to do this, but I can do this. It’s not entirely fair, and yet somehow the punishment seems fitting.
“You have to suffer the consequences if you lose,” I say. “Face it, Rabbit. We’re just a couple of losers.”
I plunge the scrubber into the toilet, and get to work. It’s easier than I thought it would be. I just picture the dirty toilet bowl as Clinton’s face.
There’s a prolonged silence from the other stall.
“How much do you hate me?” Rabbit asks. I hear the hiss of bleach spraying from the bottle before the sharp odor hits my nose.
“Why would I hate you? Because your best friend sucker punched me and wrecked my face and now I look like the monster I really am?”
“Whoa. That’s not—”
“I don’t hate you. I hate him. I hurt him. And you know what? It felt good. Everything I did to him felt good and if I had the choice I’d do it over again. He’s gone now and I hope he doesn’t come back. I wish he were dead.”
Silence from Rabbit’s stall. My hand shakes around the scrubber so I drop it into the cleaning bucket with a sigh. I clench and unclench my fists. Overhead the lights flicker briefly. There’s too much rage and anxiety rolling around in my body. I form a fist and slam it against the stall wall. It feels better, like some of the pressure releases.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that. I’m just glad he’s gone.”
“You meant it.” Rabbit says quietly. “Sometimes I wish he was dead too. But without him, I wouldn’t be here. I wouldn’t have a future. It’s complicated.”
Another few moments of frothy bleach scented silence pass between us.
“He fucked your girlfriend.” It comes out as a statement, not a question.
Rabbit sighs heavily. “Ex-girlfriend. And yeah. He did.”
“What the hell?”
“I told you. It’s complicated.”
“Yeah. Sounds like it. What about your deal? The one you made with Clinton—the everything price deal. What happens now?”
Rabbit drops his toilet scrubber. There’s rustling in the doorway and then his shadow falls over me. I turn and plop down on the tile floor, leaning back against the freshly scrubbed toilet. Rabbit settles all the way to the ground, crossing his long legs. They bump against mine as he moves. Once he’s done folding himself up, his knees rest against my thighs. They’re as bony as I imagined they might be, pressing against me. I don’t mind.
“Clint’s not my friend. He never was. He’s more like a really shitty business partner who keeps screwing me over. A real friend wouldn’t do the things he does. A real friend wouldn’t hurt—” He takes a deep breath. “A real friend wouldn’t hurt you. Maybe I’m not really your friend either. I don’t know. I’m sorry, Eleni. I messed up. I’m messed up.”
My stomach whirls and I stare down at my gloved hands. “You didn’t mess up.” He sniffs loudly and I think he might be crying but I’m too terrified to look at him. “You’re not messed up. It’s not your fault he kicked my ass.”
“I couldn’t help you,” he says. “Not when it mattered.”
The sincerity and pathos catch me off guard and shoot a bolt of electricity up from my toes. I’m reminded of those brief fleeting moments in the SIM where I thought Rabbit might kiss me. How he stood in the middle of this whole mess and tried to mediate. Rabbit telling Clinton about the bomb—sending Luis to get the EMT. Scenes of him struggling with Clinton in the alley between the looming cargo containers flash before me. The weight of his hot hand against my slumped, defeated shoulders. His apology. This apology.
I finally look up at him—at the cut and bruises healing on his face. He’s not crying but his eyes are soft and full of pain. A sudden urge wells in me to caress the cut on his lip. How would it feel running across the pads of my fingers?
I pull off the gloves and toss them at my side. “You don’t need to help me. I’m not your responsibility. In fact, it’s probably better if you stay away from me.”
“Are you sure?” He tilts his head, blinking down his nose at me like a strange bird.
My heart stops, then lurches back to life. I’m not sure which of my statements he’s responding to. “You’re not responsible for everyone around you.”
“No one’s ever told me that before,” he says. I think he’s joking. Except his mouth levels into a frown.
“You don’t owe me anything,” I say.
“That’s not true.”
“Rabbit—”
“He gouged out your fucking eye and I couldn’t stop him. It’s my fault he noticed you in the first place. I tried to—”
“I know what he did. Stop beating yourself up. That doesn’t help me. I’m fine. I heal fast. There are worse things than Clinton Fuller. There are better things too.”
He swallows and drops his hands into his lap. Now our fingers are only inches apart. “You’re right.”
A grin breaks out on my face. “I am right. It’s nice to hear you say it. It’s nice to hear someone say it.”
He ghost-smiles and runs a hand through his hair, momentarily liberating his ears from the loose curls. “Better things like what?”
I’m stunned by the brief appearance of his ears, which are usually carefully hidden behind his tousled layers of hair. They’re comically large but strangely handsome.
“Wow. Your ears are huge.” The words leave my mouth before I can stop them. I’m grateful for the distraction.
He laughs and the sound of it warms my cheeks. “You know what they say—big ears, big secrets.” He pushes his hair aside to tug at his bottom earlobe with a quick, self disparaging grin.
I wonder if his ears are as soft and springy as they look, the inside lobes swooping and raised like ocean shells. His hair falls back over them—the curls bouncing and dancing in the light from the buzzing overhead fluorescents. An urgent desire sears into my brain and fills the small space between us. I could fight it. I could turn away now. But I won’t.
“Tell me your secrets.” I reach up and tuck one of the curls behind his ear. I run my fingers over its soft curve and down the gentle fold. He closes his eyes and leans forward so his forehead bumps lightly into mine. “I’ve told you mine.”
“Eleni,” he says, the breath hitching in his chest. I slip my fingers into the shaggy dark mass of his hair, twirling them through his soft black brown loops. I’m sure he uses the shampoo conditioner combo from the commons—the same kind I use—but it smells different in his hair. Like cinnamon swirled with oranges.
“You haven’t told me all of them.” He licks his lips and his fingers touch down on my temple. His Adam’s apple bobs in a silent swallow. Is that disgust or fear? Awe or anxiety? He rolls his thumb over my temple, the rest of his fingers diving lightly into my hair, tickling along the raised, wrinkled flesh of my cheek. His touch is light, like a bumblebee resting on a flower. Very little pressure. The pads of his fingers, slightly damp with sweat, warm wherever they touch.
“Whoa,” he breathes.
When he exhales, the tang of his cinnamon gum hits my tongue. On my temple his fingers twitch and a strange warmth ripples into my hairline, tickling down my cheek and neck. A brief whiff of ozone swirls into my nostrils and a zapping noise pops next to my fake ear. Rabbit pulls away, shaking his fingers and curling them into a fist.
“Did you shock me?”
“No. No way. It’s closed circuitry.” I give the wires an experimental tap. They’re hotter than the regular mix of silicone and real flesh. But not too hot. Not hot enough to burn someone.
“It was like a static shock.” Rabbit slips his thumb into his mouth and sucks at the tip. I wonder if his thumb tastes like rubber gloves and bleach. I wonder if it tastes like cinnamon and oranges. Or maybe like salty sweat. “You shocked me.”
“I didn’t.” I want to scoot back away from him, but I’m already pressed firmly against the toilet. There’s no escaping Rabbit or his accusations. “I didn’t mean to.”
He inspects his thumb.
“Now I know four things about Eleni Garza,” he says, with a decisive nod of his head. “Your headaches, the nosebleeds, those visions, and voices, and the bomb, and the LRAD.”
He leans back, freeing up space between us. I don’t say anything. I want to argue and lie and tell him he’s seeing things. But in the same breath I’m fascinated by how extensively he’s catalogued every event in the last month. It’s an overwhelming amount of detail. “A spark came from your fingertips when you fried the tablet. There was another spark in the SIM, between you and Clint. I saw it. I know what I saw. I just don’t know what it means.”
I don’t speak. I’m not sure what to say. He’s articulating all the evidence I’ve been desperately trying hard to ignore. He’s drawing conclusions that I don’t want to look at, that I’m not ready to face. It’s not fair.
He settles against the closed stall door, staring down his nose, studying me.
“Say something.” He nudges me with his knee.
“What do you want me to say?”
“Tell me I’m right.” His forehead wrinkles. “Tell me you’re OK. Tell me what it means.”
A long pause passes between us. I want to reach up and smooth over the lines on his forehead. I want him to forget about it. Forget all of it. I want him to kiss me. Which is the worst thing about being here with him. I can’t get close to anyone. Especially not someone like Rabbit. Someone who cares.
“It means I’m dangerous.”
“Maybe you are.” He shrugs. “Or maybe you’re just scared.”
“You’re the one who should be scared.”
His eyes light up and his mouth twitches. “I’m always who I should be. Except—” I raise an eyebrow at him. Part of me wants to interrupt him and stop his flow of words. Another part of me wants him to finish the sentence because I know what he’s going to say. “Except for when I’m with you.”
I blow out a ragged breath and press two fingers to my temple, massaging the wires there. Pressure is building up in this spot. It’s probably just the motor cortex adjusting to the new implant. Or maybe it’s something else. Maybe it’s Rabbit Santiago. I need to change the subject or else I’m going to kiss him in the middle of latrine duty and then it will be too late. I’ll forget about Mateo.
I’ll forget about escaping National Service. All the letters in the world will slip through my fingers. Fingers. His fingers and his stupid list. Something about it wasn’t quite right.
“Four things.”
His brow furrows.
“There are four things on your Eleni Garza list. The last time you mentioned the list it was only two things. So what else do you know?”
His face goes blank and carefully neutral.
“The code letter. You write code letters to some guy named El Matador.”
“You said you didn’t crack the code.”
“I never said that.” He sighs and climbs slowly to his feet. “I’m not the Matador. That’s my problem.”
“Wait—what? Where are you going?”
His ghost smiles returns and he taps the wall with his knuckles. “Next stall over, Garza.” He opens the door. “We’re losers, remember?”
“What are you going to do? About the letter?” Nervous sweat pools under my armpits.
“I’m taking stall three.” He exits and his feet glide over to his tools. “You got the next one.”
“Rabbit.” I lean my head against the cold metal wall. “This is important.”
“I know it’s important. All of it. Don’t worry, Garza.” He sets a yellow gloved hand down on the floor, scooting it underneath the gap between the stalls. I rest my own hand on top of it. Overhead the lights flicker and pulse. “I’m good at secrets.”
A tiny spark flickers around our fingertips. I feel it, but I can’t see it. I wonder if Rabbit feels it too. His words should unnerve me, but I find them strangely comforting and reassuring.
I pluck at the plastic fabric around his fingers. “Me too.”


CHAPTER TEN:
FLIGHT TESTING
Final flight simulation testing today. We’ll sit behind the cockpit of a fake helocraft for the last time before we take control of the real deal. For the next four months of training, we get to fly the machines I’ve only dreamed about.
Rabbit Santiago also stars in my dreams lately. And these visions involve much less flying. Much more of the things we read about in Scarlett’s romance novels. And in these dreams, the ones that used to feature Mateo—I sometimes can’t tell the difference anymore. Between Rabbit and the Mateo I’ve built in my head over four years of physical absence. Between the boy I kissed under a lime tree and the squadmate who sometimes holds my gloved hand under a toilet stall. But I shouldn’t be entertaining these thoughts. I have other more important things to focus on. It’s just with Rabbit—I can’t help myself.
Rabbit, along with two other senior aeronautics specialists—Layla and Brian—also await testing. We sit on scuffed plastic chairs lining a brightly lit hallway, waiting for the testing assistant to call our names. I avoid contact with all of them so I can focus on the current task. Learning how to control and fly a Condor is my singular goal in my remaining time at the Academy. I’m not going to let lust and confusion create an obstruction. At least, that’s my mental mantra until I catch myself staring at Rabbit across the hall. Of course I am. It’s all I can do anymore.
His leg bobs nervously. I scoot over to an empty seat next to him. My presence seems to calm the bouncing of his knee, but his hands remain clasped, gripping one another like he’s in danger of falling off the world.
“You’ve got this," I say.
“I can’t afford to fail.” He glowers down at his hands. “I need this. This is everything.”
“You’re not going to fail. Nobody’s better than Rabbit Santiago.”
“You are.” Rabbit’s brows tick up.
“Not by much.”
He opens his mouth to speak. At that moment, a lieutenant pokes her head out the door and reads my name from her tablet. I throw Rabbit a conspiratorial wink and a quick grin rolls over him like a glittering stone.
I enter the darkened simulation room. I slip into the elevated chair in the middle of the otherwise empty SIM. I fold the helmet over my head and pull up the soft keyboard. The virtual cockpit thrums to life on all sides of me. The exam begins.
Within the hour, I’ve aced it. I’m given wings and the go-ahead to initiate aviation training starting tomorrow.

The next afternoon, our group stands in a nervous clump, waiting for the siren to announce rotation. This will be our first journey into the cockpits of the C50 Condors we’ve only ever passed on our way to the SIM and field exercises. Excitement thrums over my body. There’s no hovercraft coming for us, and once the siren wails we begin our long walk to the northern end of the base where the Condors nest. It’s disorienting to be separate from our SIM units. I wave back at the Rosas, who smile and nod as the hovercraft brakes over their heads, the ramp rolling out like a metal tongue to devour them.
I sense the helocrafts long before I get a visual on them, keenly aware of their immensity and power. The birds are dormant but not silent. Their engines hum with the promise of life and the strong shining steel frames twinkle in the harsh winter sun.
At the head of the gates stands a pair of sentries, and behind them a commanding officer observes us with arms folded across her chest. She’s a tall woman with broad shoulders and a powerful jaw. She glares at our approach with the hard, wrinkled grimace of a woman with years of combat experience.
“You four are the new pilots?” she calls out gruffly, before we’ve even set foot inside the gate.
We nod affirmation and the guards scan our bands, patting down our uniforms before we enter. Security is tight here, but in a different capacity than the SIMs. I’m surprised there are less technical elements and more man power. I make a mental note of where the recording devices are located on the outer walls of the hangar and flight control tower. I count the number of helos and visible drones.
“I’m Sergeant Yamikov. What do you find so interesting over there, Garza?”
I offer a sheepish smile Yamikov does not appreciate. “Nothing sir. Admiring the birds, sir.”
“This is not a field trip. These are my birds and you are my students and I expect your attention at all times. Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir.”
Rabbit presses a fist to his mouth to mask his amusement.
Sergeant Yamikov scowls at our pairing and points at Rabbit, then myself. We exchange a loaded glance. We’re partnered up again.
“You two, Garza and Santiago, are my top pilots, you will share Condor One. You two, other pilots, take Condor Two.” She gestures to Layla and Brian.
We shuffle bodies and take place next to our partners. I have to physically restrain myself from reaching out to touch his arm. I glance at him out of the corner of my eye. He’s shifted his body weight slightly towards me and our arms are mere inches from brushing together. The air between us feels weird. Electric.
To our disappointment, we are not allowed in the cockpits. We endure verbal quizzes on the different helo components over the course of the next two hours. Towards the end of the period, the sergeant thumps Rabbit on the back and congratulates him on his “achievement” but doesn’t go into further detail. He glows under her admiration, his normally fleeting smile melting into a full beam of pride.
We’re sent away shortly after the COs comment to Rabbit. The trek back to the Academy building in the pouring rain leaves us all in a grim mood. What could possibly take two more weeks before we sit behind the controls? The decreased timeline to gain much needed experience weighs heavily on my mind. Brian Holmes falls into step alongside me and we engage in a heated tongue lashing of the training process.
Studying with Scarlett and the Rosas in the evening, I inform them of the terrible piloting session, Yamikov’s curious comment to Rabbit, and the amiable conversation with Brian Holmes. Scarlett’s interest is piqued by the last, she’s kept tabs on Brian for a while and nonchalantly asked questions about his training progress. Emanuelle rolls her eyes at Scarlett’s romantic inquiries and changes the subject. She suggests all four of us watch the upcoming meteor shower together, an extra credit assignment in the Rosas physics class.
It’s a good excuse for a large group of us to leave the base without our motives being second guessed. A perfect chance for me to sneak away and see if there are engineers lurking about in the cherry orchards. On occasion a few will show up early to prep for the spring. Last year my contact Carmen was among them. It might be tough to sneak away from the ever-watchful Scarlett and the curious Rosas—but it’s possible. Especially if drugs, alcohol, and boys are part of the equation.
The night is supposed to be clear enough to watch false stars raining down from the heavens. The closest observatory is about forty-five minutes away in Goldendale, Washington, another abandoned town off the Gorge. Traveling there without a ranked officer would be strictly out of the question. Luckily, the Rosas enjoy access to a portable telescope in the biomedical labs.
If we make it to the top of Chenoweth Rim, we can secure a good enough view. We unanimously vote to make it an outing.
A little later that evening, Scarlett sits at the edge of her bed painting her toenails while I doodle an image of Mateo on a tablet, having abandoned the romance scene when Scarlett insisted it become more graphic than I felt comfortable with. She wants boobs and butts. I don’t tell anyone who the boy is or where he comes from, but Scarlett inquired once or twice. I shrug her off, telling her it’s a boy I met in Mexico City, a partial truth.
I’ve drawn and erased him hundreds of times. What he looked like at age 14. What I believe he looks like at age 18. Lately the images all end up with Rabbit Santiago’s big ears and prominent nose and bushy eyebrows. It’s only when I stop to examine the drawing for a moment the resemblance becomes apparent. Those pictures are trashed quickly. It’s hard enough to remember what Mateo looked like without Rabbit’s image getting in the way.
I’m so lost in thought and focused on perfecting the shading at the base of Mateo’s large, wide nose, I don’t notice what’s happening around us until Scarlett smacks at my arm. The pen slips, tracking a heavy black line across the whole picture, destroying it. I look up, preparing a few harshly worded sentiments, when I notice the previously empty space she stares into.
A virtual image of Rabbit as Mateo plays out of the band. The exact image I’ve drawn on the tablet. He sits under the lime-tree, wind shifting the leaves and rustling the black hair above his almond shaped eyes. His golden brown skin roasts in the patches of sunlight dotting his exposed arms and legs, lurid veins barely visible on his neck.
He speaks without sound, mouthing the lyrics of the song playing on the band. The wind, the tree, and his hair shift in rhythm with the music. As quickly as the image rises, it dies away, replaced by the tin box with the letters. This drifts off and melts into a picture of me reaching for an inoculation dispenser. Then the strained face of Javier Hernandez. Javier’s image is one I don’t forget. Ever.
As the music tempo swells, a bomb explodes next to Javier and rips him apart. Pieces of flesh fly into the air and splatter onto the pavement behind him. I release the pen in astonishment, and it drops onto the tablet. I glance away, gasping for breath. My chest tightens and air is trapped in my lungs, fighting to move in and out. Scarlett peers down at the tablet’s contents.
“Is that Rabbit San—”
“It’s nothing.” I reach down and click the tablet off before she can press me further.
The virtual shuts down, leaving empty air and a familiar sensation of static electricity in its wake. The small hairs on my arm stand straight up.
“Is it a new program?” Scarlett asks. “Did you make it?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Who were those people? Those boys?” Scarlett arches a brow, emphasizing the second question. “That last one definitely looked like Rabbit—”
“I don’t know. My band must be defective. Maybe it was damaged in a field exercise.”
Scarlett eyes me doubtfully, “You should let someone take a look at that.”
“Yeah sure.”
“Seriously Len. I’m worried about you.”
I give her a small, quick grin and shrug. “I’m fine, Scar. Just a little tired. Better head back to my barrack.”
She sighs as I stand and move to the door.
“Hey Len?”
I turn around, “Yes Mom?”
“Be careful,” she says, eyebrows drawn, expression serious. I offer her another mirthless grin she does not return.
I pass by the tech repair shop on the way back to barracks, but don’t stop to have my band examined. The only thing I crave is sweet, dreamless oblivion. Answers can wait until morning. When it comes to images of Javier and his death, answers could wait forever.

When we arrive at the peak of the rim, close to the Eagle Cave trailhead, it’s 10pm and the meteor shower isn’t predicted to be in full bloom for at least two more hours. We plunk our gear down next to the remains of a fire pit, leftover from previous adventures on the rim.
I help the Rosas set up the telescope while Diego and Scarlett head off into the brush for firewood. From their giggling and rustling, they won’t make it back for awhile. We lay out bed-rolls and stare up at the night sky above, dimming our flashlights and bands to see more clearly. There’s nothing remarkable up there but billions of dimly shining stars. Far out of our reach. Stupid, useless stars.
“I finished running those tests on your blood sample,” Emilia says, matter-of-fact. “You have NV.”
Emanuelle chortles. “Emilia, we all have NV. We’re all exposed to it. That's what inoculations are for. That doesn’t mean anything.”
“No, it’s more than that. It’s not only NV. It’s a different strain entirely. I checked against another blood sample. Yours was mutated, Len. Bordering on cancerous. Maybe it was the implants or the nano virus itself that caused the carcinoma, but it’s there. I’m not entirely convinced the nano suppressants are helping your situation, but there’s a chance they are keeping the cancer and the virus at bay. Essentially, you’ve contracted a new strain of NV, but your body is successfully fending it off. Which means you’re creating antibodies. You know what that means, don’t you?” Emilia tilts her head, narrowing her eyes at me.
I ignore her question. I know what that means. I spent enough time traveling the world with my parents into hot zones. People who successfully created antibodies, especially without the aid of inoculations, were scooped up by Prothero while their families were paid a substantial sum of money. I saw them in the hot labs, hooked to machines that carefully subtracted just enough antibodies to keep them alive. Hooked to machines, locked in comfortable cells, basically the medical equivalent of human cattle.
I’d rather die before being a lab rat the rest of my life.
“What did you do with my blood sample?” I ask, hoping the question will distract her from suggesting I go down that particular path.
“Destroyed it. Like you said.” She strives for convincing, but casts her eyes away as she says it.
I don’t believe she trashed the blood sample. But she wouldn’t endanger herself or Emanuelle. The Rosas know how to take care of themselves.
“My parents died trying to cure this virus and three years later it still exists. It’s worse than ever. I want NV eradicated. You two are smart, like my parents were. If the blood sample still exists, keep working on it,” I say. “Do something good with it.”
Emilia wobbles her head in contemplation, giving a noncommittal shrug. I wish I knew what that meant, what was happening inside her head.
“No pressure.” Emanuelle pulls out a Salt cigarette and we all take a hit. “Your parents were like gods in the biotech community, Len.”
“You’re smarter. You’re younger. You’re alive. You have access to technology they barely knew existed. Hell, I wish I knew half of what you do about this stuff.” I exhale the Salt and the weight of learning about my special strain of NV. I had a thought, but—I wanted to be wrong.
“If your mutated virus holds the key to curing NV for good, why aren’t you turning it over to Prothero?” Emilia asks, poking at the dormant fire with a stubby, twisted stick. “Why aren’t you turning yourself in?”
“Why aren’t you?” I ask, trying to meet her gaze. But she won’t relent. She can be stubbornly closed off and evasive when she wants to be. Anxiety and irritation creep into my veins. My robot hand clenches without warning and the static charge of blue snaps on my wrist.
“Prothero knows where to find me.”
“They do.” Emilia exhales a ring of smoke into the air, a thoughtful expression settling over her face.
Silence folds over us. The frost winds its way into our bones and not even the pleasant high of the drug serves as effective combat. The only cure will be fire and lab distilled whiskey. I call out to Scarlett, telling her to hurry, when a noise startles from off to our right, the opposite direction from where the two scampered off.
We discern a fuzzy gray shape rapidly approaching, laden with a pack and bulky equipment. Another amateur astronomist from the Academy. Or maybe an anarchist looking for a fight. Terror grips us for a moment until Emilia lifts her band and a flashlight to illuminate our visitor. The human figure squints in the beam, shielding their eyes with their own lit bands. A knot of anxiety twists in my chest.
It’s Rabbit Santiago.
“Do you mind?” Rabbit asks.
“Oh, sure. Sorry!” Emilia laughs, clicking off her flashlight. She looks over at me with raised brows and an impish smirk of pleasure.
He carries a telescope similar to ours. He slouches out of his pack, carefully hefting the telescope onto the ground at his feet. I push myself off the bed-roll and reluctantly sit up. At the same time, Scarlett and Diego emerge from the brush, each carrying a load of firewood. Scar’s carnal grin falters when she recognizes our company.
“Oh, it’s Santiago.” Scar frowns over at me.
“I’m here for the stars. This is totally an accident. I swear I’m not stalking—”
“Fine. Whatever. Help us with the fire.” Scarlett commands, dumping the firewood into the pit.
Diego does the same. Emilia hops up to assist Rabbit with his telescope.
“You can put that over here, next to ours. If you want,” Emilia says. She waggles her eyebrows at me again.
I roll my eyes and look over at Rabbit, his back to us as he unfolds the tripod legs to mount the telescope.
“You guys want whiskey?” Diego asks.
Diego extends the bottle of brown murky fluid and Scarlett snatches it up first, taking a greedy swig. She glares at Rabbit’s turned back as she does this.
“Do you come up here often?” Scar does her best to sound casual.
“For tactical assignments,” Rabbit answers without turning around. “And it’s a good spot to catch astronomical events.”
Scarlett snort laughs. “You a space nerd, Santiago?”
He doesn’t turn around or say anything in response, but he heard her. Rabbit hears everything.
Scarlett offers the bottle to Emanuelle who sniffs at the liquid, wrinkles her nose at the pungent aroma, and passes it across the flickering flames without drinking. I grab it and take a swig, in time for Rabbit to turn around. I grimace in his direction, the liquid burning down my throat and piling like rocks in the pit of my stomach. Diego reaches for the whiskey and I give it over.
For a while, nobody stirs. I stare into the barely blazing embers of the fire, to the point where the flames turn blue and dance along the edge of the wood like beckoning fingers, tiny licks of electricity. The Salt works its magic and my lips spread foolishly, without my consent.
“Should I move down the rim a little bit? I don’t want to crash your party.”
“But you’ve already set up your telescope,” Emilia points out, her voice turning musical and lilting. “And there is safety in numbers.”
“I don’t—”
“There’s room around the fire,” I say.
Rabbit studies our group with the patient calculation of a deer stepping into an open meadow. His ears almost twitch and flick in response to the human tension. His big ears hidden in his soft curls.
The upward tick of his mouth is the only indication he recognized my attempts to welcome him. I do have an ulterior motive of wanting to keep tabs on everyone in this group, in order to safely sneak off in the early morning hours. But also—it’s Rabbit. I don’t want him to go.
The whiskey makes another two rounds and we finish up the joints. Emilia is faded with intoxicants and Scarlett presses a finger to her forehead, tipping her backwards onto the bedroll. She collapses onto it with a resigned sigh, as if she’s given up fighting the urge to fall.
“This is going to be the best meteor shower you’ve ever seen,” Scar tells Emilia.
She nods without comment, her eyes wide and staring up at the infinite night sky. Worlds too numerous to count. Light years away yet visible in the blackness and void of space. A falling star whizzes by, and another ticks past, blinking in and out. A satellite. Maybe the one used to monitor us. We all ignore the overbearing presence of the Iron Curtain. It’s not beautiful like the stars.
We all watch Diego stoke the fire. The wood catches quickly and soon it’s blazing, to the point where we all scoot our bedrolls back for fear they might burst into flames. Rabbit seems to ponder the idea of joining us on the bedrolls then shrugs over to the telescopes again, where he stands apart from the group while Diego insists on another round of whiskey and Salt. Everyone is properly plastered at this point, and I check the time on my band. Twenty minutes to midnight. I fight the urge to mirror Emilia’s example and lay out on my bedroll as well. She looks peaceful enough to be sleeping, but her eyes are glazed open. She’s happily lost in her own inner world.
The Rosas have abandoned any efforts to use their telescope. The assignment was extra credit anyway. I doubt they needed it to maintain their perfect grade point averages.
Rabbit holds sentry at his telescope with a stillness bordering on eerie. I’m half tempted to believe he’s fallen asleep standing up when he stirs and mutters under his breath. “You guys are missing it.”
“Oh, they’re enjoying the show,” I say, observing the placidly smiling bodies scattered about the fire.
Rabbit turns and surveys the group with obvious disappointment.
“What about you?” he asks, giving up his vigil of the night sky and taking a seat on the ground across from me. I try not to focus on his movements and lose myself in the fire again. After a while, Rabbit coughs and shakes me out of my reverie. Stupid Salt.
“Eleni?” he asks, waving across the distance.
“Space isn’t really my thing.”
“Is this your thing?” He gestures toward the group. “Whiskey and weed?”
“It’s a thing I do. And you’re killing my buzz.”
Rabbit laughs without humor. “That’s number five on the Eleni Garza list. Weed and whiskey.”
“Number six. You forgot I’m exceptionally good at cleaning toilets.”
He cocks his head. “Did I? You’re only so-so. You don’t have much of a future in the toilet business.”
“I don’t have much of a future at all.”
I nervously grab at a chunk of my hair and static electricity shocks me. I wince in surprise and pain. Rabbit notices. Of course he notices. He clears his throat and stands up abruptly, heading back towards the telescope.
I watch the fire shine and dance across the images imprinted on the metal coin, my mind flickering back to the heat of Rabbit’s fingers on my temple. To the warmth in my stomach from our near kisses. His resemblance to Mateo, real or imagined. Exhaustion pulls at my eyelids and I close them.
“I’m gonna go,” Rabbit says.
I’ve nearly drifted off to sleep sitting up. Scarlett sits on the bed-roll with Diego, a rifle draped across her lap, staring dreamily into the fire. Everyone else snoozes. Rabbit stands sentry at the telescopes, but appears to be collapsing the tripod.
“I can’t see a decent comet with the light from the fire. I’m gonna move down the rim a little ways. Do either of you want to come with me?” I search for a hint in his question, an indication he directs his inquiry towards me. That he wants me to go with him.
Scarlett indicates the napping residents. “I’m good here. Someone needs to stay behind.”
“Garza? You want—you want to go with me?” Rabbit asks.
I reach for the coin necklace, but it’s already tucked inside my jacket. How long was I asleep? I stand and shake out my tired limbs like a wet dog, casting off the luring intoxication of Salt. Waking up my brain.
“You kids go on. Have fun. I’ll be here. Bored out of my mind. Fending off bears and wild pigs,” Scarlett complains, winking at me. “Catch ya later, Lenbot.”
I fall in step behind Rabbit, offering to carry half the telescope. He brushes me off, stalking several paces ahead, his long legs outpacing my short ones. We walk in silence, with only our bands for illumination. We’re about fifteen minutes away from the fire, enough to get a better view of the night sky. I blow tepid air into my curled fists, watching Rabbit adjust the telescope settings.
“We won’t be able to see the meteor shower for much longer. Clouds are coming in.” Rabbit points off in the distance. I sniff the air, tasting moisture on the wind. I hate the way it smells right before a rainstorm, it reminds me of the copper on my tongue after a nano injection.
“Can I look through the telescope?” I ask. “Before we get rained out?”
He gives me space and I press my eye to the viewer. He aims it at a particularly incandescent cluster of stars and the meteors burn right through the heart of it. I inhale sharply.
“It’s beautiful.”
“That’s not the Salt talking?”
“Nope. All me. What star cluster is this?” I point towards it.
“Uhm, Lepus. It’s a rabbit—a hare. You don’t see the bunny ears?”
“You’re making that up right?”
“No, it’s named after a greek myth. Lepus is my favorite constellation—kind of a home base for my telescope.”
“You have a favorite constellation?” I ask with a mocking grin. “You are a space nerd. Tell me more about Leapus.”
“Lepus is supposed to be the image of a rabbit carved into the sky by the god Hermes to honor the swiftness of the hare. See how it’s tucked up right next to Orion? The hunter?”
He steps up close behind me to assist in pinpointing the new star cluster and adjusts the telescope to a different constellation.
“There’s a connection to the Easter Bunny which definitely makes it way less cool. Lepus used to be a bird, but the Goddess of Spring changed him into a hare for some reason or another. As punishment. He lost his power to fly, so she granted him the ability to run across land with great speed. Told you—not awesome. And no, I wasn’t named after the constellation. I found it after the nickname stuck.” He steps away from the telescope.
“Your tattoo.” I poke a finger at his left arm. “Your tattoo is constellation mythology.”
“Most people just notice the nickname.” He smiles, rubbing the arm where I poked him. “Rabbit.”
No static shock this time.
“Why do people call you that? Aren’t rabbits supposed to be small and fluffy and cuddly?”
“I’m cuddly.”
“But you’re not small.”
“I was in field and track in secondary. I could run a six-minute mile and hit 6’4 on a high jump when I was fifteen.”
“Impressive.” I roll my eyes.
“My coaches thought it was pretty good. The other kids called me Rabbit. Clint picked it up. It carried over here—with him.”
“You knew him before the Academy?”
“Yeah. We lived in Houston together. We met there.” The warmth sucks out from his teeth and tongue. His nose crinkles. The bad nose crinkle.
“How did you meet?” I try to picture the circumstances and my head swims. Fuller is such a privileged asshole and Rabbit is so nice and normal.
“Drugs.” His voice breaks. “I don’t really—”
“Want to talk about it,” I answer for him. “That’s fine. It’s none of my business.”
“Maybe—maybe later.” He offers, brows knit together in an expression of promise. “I could tell you later, if you really want.”
An odd thrill blazes in my chest at his offer. It’s not a no. I turn back to the telescope and we drift into a comfortable silence for a time. The clouds pile up in the distance, long puffy fingers reaching towards us. He steps forward to fiddle with a knob on the telescope.
“Here’s another one,” he says, giving me plenty of berth to approach and look into the eyepiece.
“I don’t see anything.”
“Those stars represent a curving river named Eridanus. Do you see it between the two brighter ones? It’s supposed to be the Nile River. Anyways, it’s where Phaethon crashed after attempting to drive the Chariot of the Sun. He was running wild, creating chaos wherever he went. So Zeus struck him with a lightning bolt and sent him hurtling through the air like a meteor until he crashed into the water.”
I turn away from the stars. “Why did you pick this constellation?”
“It seemed appropriate. We’re watching a meteor shower.” He indicates the sky with a sweep of his arm. The clouds have crept almost entirely across the stars, and there isn’t much crashing meteor to behold.
“Smell the air. It’s going to rain any minute.”
He sniffs loudly and exhales. I catch a whiff of cinnamon gum again and my stomach does a nervous flip.
We debate the merits of heading to town vs. finding shelter nearby to wait out the impending rainshower. We decide to find a shelter close by. We grab the telescope and trudge over the dead, winter grass towards the low woods. It’s really more of an overgrown apple orchard. There’s no fruit on the limbs right now, but I know the difference between these trees and the cherry ones we already passed. These are taller. We use GPS on the bands to track our progress. The farmhouse is close to Cherry Heights Road, on the other side of these trees. We keep the Rim to our backs and Cherry Heights in front of us.
The rain clouds open up before we reach the house and Rabbit removes his jacket to cover the telescope. He wears a grey service t-shirt underneath, quickly drenched in the downpour and clinging to his scrawny frame. We reach the farmhouse and I slip in through a broken window, unlocking the door while Rabbit stands on the covered porch, shivering and dripping wet. It’s cold inside, but relatively dry. Only a few spots where the roof leaks. There’s a fireplace, but no wood. And the likelihood a hawk or eagle built a nest in the upper parts of the chimney is high. I don’t want to burn the place down or die of asphyxiation.
I unzip my jacket and drape it off the ledge of the fireplace. Underneath is my customary outfit—a simple black v-neck shirt. The air is chilly, but the nanos keep the extreme temperatures at bay. Rabbit modestly turns his back to peel the wet shirt from his torso, wringing it out and hanging it over a hallway bannister to drip dry. Goosebumps dot his skin and his teeth chatter as he shivers. He turns around to retrieve his jacket and water drips over the muscles on his bare stomach. A blush crawls up my neck and warms my cheeks but I can’t look away.
A black barcode tattoo over his chest hooks my attention. A prison camp tattoo. Rabbit’s been to prison camp. Only violent offenders go to prison camp. I can’t will myself to avert my gaze, though it makes him uncomfortable enough to place a hand over the tattoo.
He gingerly sets the telescope down and retrieves his damp jacket. He zips his naked torso from view and flips the hood over his head. We decide it’s best to occupy the livingroom, and we sit up against a wall, listening to the rain and watching it buffet inside the glassless window by the front door.
“What’s with you and constellations anyway?” I ask, breaking the silence.
“It’s kind of a hobby I picked up back in Houston.”
“With Clinton?” I try to keep the tone of my inquiry neutral.
“Without.”
I chew on the inside of my bottom lip and wait for him to speak again.
“My family lived close to Prothero’s Randolph Space Center. I went there all the time, hanging outside, watching the spacecraft. It’s an army base but they turned part of into a country club. I worked in the kitchens and as a lifeguard before joining the Academy. I would wander around the museum for hours. So that’s my constellation story. Now I’ve told you one of my secrets.” He slides his gaze back to the window, the shadows obscuring his features. I don’t think he’s only talking about his love of space.
Another long silence ensues. I’m not anxious to interrupt it, even though I strongly desire to know more about Rabbit. I want to know everything.
“Can I tell you something I think you already know?” he asks.
“Can I add it to my Rabbit Santiago list?”
He laughs, but it’s empty and hollow. My stomach tightens. His knee bounces nervously and he bows his head, the jacket hood pushing his face into total darkness. “I’m not at the Academy to be a soldier,” he says softly. “I’m not going to war. The thing I owe the Fullers—this is it. It’s my ticket out of national service.”
“Where are you going?” I ask, leaning forward to catch his quiet admission.
The farmhouse livingroom warps with the intensity of a church confessional. My mind spins but doesn’t catch on anything substantial. I have no idea what he’s about to say next.
“The Space and Aeronautics Institute. I’m going to pilot a spacecraft,” he says, voice barely above a whisper.
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Prothero’s not sending you off to fight Contras.”
“Rabbit—”
“They’re sending you to SAI,” he says. “That’s one of your secrets. I know admission is super competitive and there were only ten slots this year, but I got my acceptance wave last week. You got yours right? We’re going together aren’t we?”
“No.”
“You said you needed Clint, like I needed him. I thought maybe you meant—”
“No, Rabbit. Prothero doesn’t want me piloting space shuttles. They want me on the battlefield. That’s where I’m going. They’ve already signed my death certificate.”
We sit in silence. There’s another way out of National Service—a way Prothero never offered me. They said my only options were Fort Columbia or a debtor’s camp. And here’s Rabbit escaping in four months to the safety and comfort of a space institute. Far from the front lines. Far from danger. He has a future. He’s known this whole time and made me feel things this whole time and the reality is he’s going to live and I’m going to die—again.
“I thought you were coming with me.” He looks up and the hood falls from his face. His expression is earnest. He’s the Rabbit from the SIMs and the church and the Commons and flight testing. The Rabbit I’m going to lose when our paths diverge.
“Number seven on the Eleni Garza list. I don’t get to escape. I don’t get to choose.”
Rabbit stalks over and slumps down in front of me, leaning against me—so close we’re exchanging breath. He touches my cheeks with his icy fingertips. Fear seizes me. He strokes the rigid, bumpy scars of my left temple with a thumb. He tilts my head up and bumps his forehead against mine. The heat of our bodies trapped together is extraordinary.
“Six,” he says, lips brushing mine, heavy with emotion. “I’ll take you with me.”
It’s the saddest, nicest lie I’ve ever heard. Better than any of the ones in Mateo’s letters. Even if Rabbit figured out a way it wouldn’t matter. I wouldn’t survive piloting a spacecraft with this strange tumor growing inside me. I’d never pass the medical exam. My body’s breaking apart and changing. My past is always in danger of catching up with me and my future lies elsewhere. I can’t tie my fate to anyone but Mateo. But it’s such a beautiful lie—I want to believe Rabbit when he says it.
“Promise?”
He nods and his lips gently settle against mine, delicate and soft like a battering moth’s wings. He tastes like his promise and I breathe in the scent of cinnamon, sweat, and chlorine radiating from his pores.
He makes a low moaning sound in his chest that vibrates through us. My stomach dips. Our kiss intensifies and our tongues meet and tangle together. His fingers trace the scarred curve of my neck. They trail along the cloth of my shirt, encircling my upper back, pressing me to him. The insistence, the hungry way his lips push into mine, makes me shudder. The heat generated between us rises up and wraps over us. It’s unbearably hot. My body is on fire.
My eyes slide open and I push away from Rabbit. His hands fall from my back. A vaporous blue crackles in the air between us, trembling on the places our bare skin brushes together.
“Are you hurt?” I ask. “It’s not hurting you?”
“No. It tingles. What is it?”
He leans back and the light dies. He reaches towards me and the electricity returns as soon as his fingers touch my cheek. He makes a surprised noise somewhere between a laugh and a gasp.
“I have no idea,” I say.
The luminosity pulses and vanishes with a crackle, leaving a sulphurous, hot scent on the air. The smell of a spent firework.
“Can you control it?”
I shake my head, then draw my knees to my chest and bury my head there with a resigned sigh.
“Eleni. This is it. This is how you escape. If Prothero knew about this, they wouldn’t send you off to fight.”
“Prothero knows. They know exactly where I am and what’s happening to me. They’re not going to save me. Not again.”
He’s silent for a moment, absorbing my words. His eyes dart back and forth and he shakes his head against the truth. His bushy eyebrows raise in supplication. “The Fullers owe me.”
“No way. I wrecked their son. You said it yourself—their help comes with a price.”
“I already paid it.”
“You can’t—”
He shakes his head. His gaze flickers down to the rotting floorboards between our hands. Our fingers brush close together and blue licks between them. We watch it with distracted fascination, heads dipping close.
“I want to fly with you, Eleni,” he says, his fingers curling into mine. The blue ignites and sparks around our wrists, tangling up our arms. “I want you.”
My heart shudders and I bury my head against his chest, the wet shirt giving off a strong scent of bleach. His cinnamon breath drifts into my nostrils. Rabbit smell.
He folds his long limbs over me, the places where we touch buzz, cerulean cascading around and cocooning us. The loud, nervous pounding of his heart rumbles against my bad ear. It’s comforting. Human. I drift off but I don’t dream of the metal orb. I dream about floating weightless in a spacecraft. I dream about the taste of Rabbit’s lips and the sight of an infinite number of stars burning into our vision as we rush through the galaxy—together.

It’s later. The sky is burnished, the sun tucked off somewhere below the horizon. I’m laying on Rabbit’s warm chest. His arms are still around me. His nose is buried in my wavy hair. I rise and shake him gently. His head lolls, eyes snapping open.
“What time is it?” He asks, voice warm and wrinkled like a used bed sheet.
The interface on our bands reads 4am.
“Damn. We should get to the base. The sooner the better.” He pushes up off the floor and scrambles around the dusty house, gathering his pack and the telescope.
The rain stopped, so we trudge back to the camp. It’s empty. The others left already, seeking shelter or walking back to Fort Columbia. My purpose out here—sneaking away to harass Carmen for a letter—was largely forgotten until this moment. We’ll walk right past the church housing complex. There’s time. There’s still a chance. I turn to Rabbit.
“Will you walk ahead of me?” I ask, grabbing onto the sleeve of his jacket, tugging him to a stop. “I’ll meet you at the bottom of the hill in fifteen minutes.”
“Why? What’s going on?” he asks, rubbing at the bags under his eyes, his mind operating on military auto-pilot. “We shouldn’t split up.”
“This isn’t a combat SIM. We’ll be fine. Go to the bottom of the hill. I’ll meet you there. Wave me when you’re ready.”
He looks around, scanning the squat, ugly winter cherry trees. He spies the looming cross and Prothero flag waving above the church building in the distance. His mouth sets in a thin line but he moves forward anyway. I stay rooted to my spot, pretending to be absorbed in a dormant ant-hill along the side of the road. He rounds the corner and disappears from view. I wait another five minutes or so and walk languidly towards the building. Rabbit’s band glows off in the distance. I mute mine. The new tech eye comes equipped with enhanced night vision anyway.
I search the sidewalk for the needed item, a rock large enough to attract attention but to not look entirely out of place. An object designed to elicit notice from those who’ve spent a lifetime looking for minute details. I grab a sharper rock and trace an X on the bottom of the round stone to indicate a meeting tomorrow morning at 10am. Our usual spot is behind a tool shed in the orchards. In the parking lot I keep to the shadows and slink up against the wall at the front doors, placing the round rock on the steps.
My metal heart seizes when a brush rattles ominously across the road. A deer leaps out onto the sunken pavement and flicks its ears towards me. I make a shooing motion and it hops back off into the wilderness, into the orchard.
Rabbit’s wave pops up on my display and I tiptoe down the main walkway, onto the sidewalk and out into the street. I brighten the light on the band, stepping carefully through the naked, forlorn trees to the shed. I trace another white, chalky X on the rusted tin metal. Just in case Carmen doesn’t notice the first clue. Rabbit, growing impatient and concerned, sends another wave. I jog back out onto Cherry Heights.
When I reach the bottom of the hill, I’m breathless and panting. Rabbit holds out an arm to halt me and I pause, gulping oxygen into my lungs.
“What are you running from?” He squints up the road.
“Nothing.” He is not assured. He looks suspicious of the shadows and possibly of me. Too much military training. Or maybe prison or drug dealing. That prison tattoo on his chest.
He gives me a quick visual scan and we move out. I catch him giving backward glances to the Prothero flag waving above our heads until we turn off the road. I thought Rabbit’s tension and vigilance was him taking the Academy too seriously, but I’m wondering if looking over his shoulder and cowering away from dark corners isn’t just a way of life for him.
We’re silent on the long walk back to the base. Rabbit is distant, contemplative. We’ve both been given a lot of new information to analyze. I’m absorbed in my own thoughts and don’t notice he’s stopped walking until he clears his throat behind me.
“Garza,” he calls out, in the tone I’ve grown familiar with on the virtual battlefield. When he’s shaking me from a stupor I’ve slipped into, when he’s calling me back from my silent musing.
“What’s going on?” I jog over to where he’s stopped, his pack and the telescope piled at his feet.
He pushes the sleeve of his jacket up and unclips the rosary bracelet with the red cross and white beads. I extend my arm to him and he wraps the rosary around my wrist, hooking the clasp together. His fingertips linger for a moment and then he spins the bracelet, testing the tightness against my skin. Satisfied, he looks down at me with a smile.
“My mom always said this meant hope. If you believe in hope.” His hand rests around my wrist, encircling it and the rosary beads.
“Do you believe in hope?” I ask him.
“I do.”
“Good enough for me.”
His brows knit, and he leans down towards me. We kiss. I like the gentle weight of his fingertips resting tentatively on my neck. I like the cinnamon taste of his tongue searching for mine. The blue vapor returns, tingling across our skin, but not quite as powerful in the light of day. A contented groan purrs from his throat, and a pleasant warmth blooms in my belly.
“I could get used to this,” he murmurs. His hand squeezes around my wrist, pressing the rosary beads firmly against my skin. Again, I feel that dull recognition of the object but that mental push away from it. As if for some reason my brain doesn’t want to linger too long on its implications. It’s a nagging, distressing feeling I can’t easily shake. I want to forget the ever-present tangle of nerves and confusion. I just want to focus on the good things in front of me.
For the moment, I have hope.
Hope is a dangerous thing.


CHAPTER ELEVEN:
REVELATIONS
I’m on my way to meet a terrorist. The letters from Mateo are letters from a Contra. My tin—the one nestled underneath my bed in the barracks—is full of four years of communications detailing every bit of information I’ve stolen from Prothero and transferred to the Contras.
I didn’t know Mateo was a Contra. Not at first. At first it was just us sitting under a lime tree in a courtyard outside the gates of a military base, peeling the rinds off citrus fruit and tossing them to crows. We’d watch one of the local boys—Javier Hernandez—gathering limes to sell on the street-corner to the soldiers and tourists.
Javier had been tagged in crossfire between two factions of Contras—revolutionaries with different types of revolution in mind. The irradiated bullet tore through his calf, breaking his bones apart. He replaced it with a plastic leg, the kind of hollow, creaking item that could easily be printed up at a corner replicator store. Not sturdy enough to last for long. His parents probably purchased one every six months, like a new pair of shoes. I liked Javier. He always waved and smiled at me with a palpable cheerfulness, limping between the trees, limes bulging from the hemp bag slung over his shoulder.
Matty and I listened to the chatter of nationals, watching as they lined up in the hot sun to receive inoculations. We talked about how I was leaving in two days and how we imagined Paris—my new destination—would look, feel, and smell.
We communicated in Mateo’s broken English and my limited Spanish. We bit sour fruit and held hands in the shade of the tree, hiding away from the suspicious gazes of the military personnel around us.
Mexico City was falling apart. In a few places, literally, where the bombs exploded. Where civilians rioted for inoculations, burning cars and shattering glass. Boards went up over windows and were never removed. Shop doors were shoved ajar and left open to the public, all the contents inside looted. The city was littered with damaged buildings and parks where average citizens waged battles against police and soldiers, suffering the fate of unarmed people when they go up against authority clad in riot gear and wielding weapons.
A Prothero lab exploded in the city seven years ago and released an experimental nano weapon that spread across the population like wildfire in a summer field. The nano virus started in Mexico City. Ground zero. Not many other people know—that’s secret information obtained only by those working in the Prothero government with access to high level security clearance. People like my parents. My parents knew and yet they never seemed too terribly concerned with why Prothero had developed a bioweapon for which there was no cure.
As far as the rest of the world is concerned, the terrorists loosed NV, so the world supports never-ending conflict as retribution. Any solution to get rid of the virus and the terrorists. The only “cure” is an expensive inoculation produced by Prothero which has a short-span shelf life and has to be readministered every few weeks. They hold the sole government patent for the next twenty years.
The inoculation was created by my parents. They spent their last days traveling the globe dispersing it with Prothero’s consent—tugging me in their wake as they delivered salvation to the populace.
I had the cure—the genetic lottery that allowed me ready and frequent access to inoculations. Mateo did not. We held hands anyway. He was dying under the lime tree. I was leaving for Paris so my parents could establish an emergency base to deal with an outbreak there. The whole world was sick and dying but Mateo’s palms were warmer than the Mexican sun and our fledgling love smelled like limes.
You couldn’t skip a bi-weekly inoculation if you were a government employee or dependent. I tried to let Matty go in my place instead since enough of the drug accumulated in my body to last for weeks. He was turned away at the door. It was impossible to cheat this system, they scanned your retina to ensure the medicine was going to the right person. Over the course of four months I watched him grow sicker.
Mexican citizens who couldn’t afford to purchase the inoculation only received the drug if they were selected by weekly lottery. Mateo’s number was sixteen and it hadn’t come up in six months. Inky veins snaked like deadly, poisonous rivers under his skin. It should have worried me more, I suppose. But life outside of Prothero contained a dreamy sense of unreality. I’d always watched the world crumble from a safe distance, wrapped in a comfortable blanket of ignorance. It should have worried both of us but I could only concentrate on how devastating it was that our flight was leaving in forty-eight hours and I’d never see him again.
Nestled under the lime tree, Matty asked me to steal an inoculation from the hospital cart. And I agreed. He said if I delivered the medicine to him that evening, he would not be sick anymore. I didn’t have a good reason to say no.
Stealing from Prothero felt like a game, like pretend. I wasn’t scared of them. I’d grown up with some measure of their involvement my entire life, like a benevolent overseer. A third, kindly parent figure, gifting me good health, abundant food, and shelter. Disobeying Prothero possessed all the weight of defying my parents. And those consequences were never more severe than standing in the corner with my nose against the wall.
I was fourteen. I was an idiot.
Love for my friend made me brave and Prothero’s indiscretions colored my perception of what was right and wrong in the world. Maybe that’s not entirely true. Seeing the sickest, deadliest parts of the world tainted my perception of what was right and wrong. I knew stealing was wrong, but letting people suffer when you had enough medicine to heal everyone was also wrong. The alternative was watching Matty die.
We planned it out that morning. I would be seated at the small battered desk in the former kindergarten room of an elementary school they’d repurposed for a public health facility. Right before they gave me the inoculation I would moan and fake stomach cramps, doubling over. It worked. The nurse looked away, calling one of the assistants over to us. While her attention was diverted, I grabbed a handful of injections and stuffed them into the outer thigh pocket of my cargo pants. I was certain no one noticed, despite the pocket bulging with medicine. I never witnessed authorities scanning Prothero staff and family after inoculations. We had no need to take what was offered for free.
Prothero wasn’t immediately aware I’d stolen the medicine. So I enjoyed this one, glorious evening where I thought everything was going right. I was a hero and I’d saved another person’s life. There were the final, brief, fleeting moments where I delivered the inoculations to Matty in a tin box my father purchased from Afghanistan, another of my parents war ravaged travel destinations. The tin was special. It still is. I didn’t possess many items, we traveled often and learned to pack only the objects of true importance. I kept all my possessions locked away in the tin. I’d scooped all the trinkets out of it already, like the mood ring from my Grandparents. The miniature china tea set from my Aunt. Stickers. Toys. A whistle. Chapstick. These were all dumped in a plastic bag and shoved into my luggage.
I presented the box to Mateo. The tin constructed with graceful, swirling decorative symbols in Arabic I could not decipher. Neither could my father. The key to unlock it is genius in its simplicity. A silver coin slips into a slot on the left side, the gap in the metal expertly hidden under all the decoration. Most people’s fingers would normally glide right past it, but for a small indent where two objects meet, a moon and star. In between them is the slot. The coin rolls into it and an internal mechanism clicks. The key rolls out the right side. The coin is emblazoned with the same image, the moon and stars melting into one another. My father punched a hole in it and I wore the coin on a chain around my neck for safekeeping.
I offered these items to Mateo and explained how the lock and key work. There were six vials inside. One a week for the next six weeks. I wasn’t sure if it would save him. But I was sure it would stall the progression of the darkened veins moving up his neck and spreading like a fungus across his jaw and cheeks. I stood a moment, admiring his tawny skin and wide nose, sharp cheekbones, long hair that framed his large brown eyes. He offered me a generous smile as he took the box and we hugged. My nose and heart filled with limes. The bitter scent stung my nostrils, searing into my brain, permanently rooting in my memories.
He stooped his neck down towards me and I placed the chain over his head. He gave me a slip of paper, written in the Spanish I learned from our stilted conversations.
We could not communicate over waves—they were not secure. Prothero scanned for exchanges between nationals and servicemen, especially on military bases, so electronic communication was not an option if we wanted privacy. Privacy is what every romantic wants. The sense of a forbidden, marginally dangerous love. The first slip of paper he gave me contained the hastily scribbled name and address of a connection in Paris to whom I could deliver letters. I didn’t question why or how he would be acquainted with a person half way across the world. I was too enamored of the idea of our secret tryst.
He departed with the box and I took the slip of paper. The Spanish words didn’t take long to memorize, as he’d instructed. I repeated them all the way back to base where I ripped the paper into shreds and flushed it down the toilet with the grey water.
More secrets to hide.
Prothero soldiers came for me the next morning. They’d noticed the inoculation discrepancy and reviewed the security devices to determine how the injectors had gone missing. When the officer first knocked on the door my parents were polite. Polite and upset. Then they were frightened. I was led away in unfamiliar tech handcuffs. They took me to a sparse, cold white room, sat me on a chair in front of a table and left me there for two hours. I chewed the inside of my cheeks raw, hoping my parents would arrive at any moment. Instead a scary general with pepper gray hair and icy green eyes entered the room. One look at the grave set of his jaw and I couldn’t stop my frightened tears.
He questioned me about the inoculations. Why I’d taken them, where I’d taken them, what I’d done with them. I lied consistently, keeping my story straight every time. I told the Prothero general, I’d tossed them down one of the open sewage drains near the base because I thought they would go into the water system, and assumed more people could get the inoculations.
Then my parents were led in. We viewed the tape of my indiscretion together. I couldn’t force myself to witness the crime, so I watched my parents horrified faces instead. It was worse than I imagined to see their countenances morph in shame and fear. Their looks of confusion as they watched me steal the drugs, they drugs they’d helped create, from their employer. Their pained expressions told me all I needed to know about what the future held in store for us. Prothero wasn’t going to forgive and let this go easily. The corporation no longer acted as a benevolent care-taker. There would be serious consequences for violating their protocols.
The General looked pointedly at my mother. “Of course, this kind of theft could result in both of your terminations.”
She frantically pushed the black bangs from her eyes, leaning towards the table in such a way that her upper torso half folded. The bright terror in her features wrenched in my gut.
“Please understand. She’s a naive child with funny ideas.” My mother shook her head, tears spilling over her cheeks.
“Exactly. She’s a minor and this is a first-time offense. She didn’t intend any harm to anyone.” My father leaned forward as well, both my parents bending as if the joints that held their hips in place simply ceased to exist.
Bending and twisting under the weight of my lies.
They looked broken. Like two broken dolls instead of the weary, stoic parents from twenty-four hours prior. Those parents were distracted but patient, loving but immersed in their passions, devoted to their cause and sometimes to me. They were affectionate and tender but always glancing over their shoulders and squinting ahead, hands pressed above their brows or to their temples. They were preoccupied—racing around the globe to stave off the threat of a virus as if it were their last mission on earth. And it was.
I watched a bead of sweat roll and slide down my father's pock-marked chin. It tumbled off and landed on the collar of his crisp, white shirt. I thought about our efforts to convince them of our innocence. To placate them into believing we were good people with no malicious intentions. There was no court, there was no trial. There was only the cold white room and the intimidating, powerful white man whom Prothero allowed to control our fate. What would he do? Terminate my parent’s employment? Put us in prison? Kill us?
“I am interested in where she gets these ideas. Who she associates with outside of the other children at the base?” The General tapped on his tablet, leaning back in the chair and examining us with a pale, lifeless stare.
There was no comfort or promise of redemption in his gaze. Hope drifted further away.
“No one,” I said. My voice was high and sharp, pleading from my throat.
“Are you sure? This entire city is under our surveillance.” He rotated the tablet and a video popped into view.
The video displayed what I feared most: Mateo and I under our favorite tree tossing lime rinds to the birds, laughing and holding hands.
“Who is this boy?”
My parents turned to me, bodies heavy with devastation. They looked at me as if I were a stranger, not their daughter. There was no trace of love or recognition in their eyes. I shifted my gaze to the cuffs. The humiliation and guilt burned all over me. I wished I could burst into flames and turn to dust under their stares.
“It’s my friend,” I whispered, all the spit emptied out of my mouth.
My throat made a dry clicking as I tried to swallow. I couldn’t get past a painful lump trapped there.
“You are associating with a child afflicted by a particularly aggressive strain of the nano virus. We would like you to give us the identity of this boy so we can place him in quarantine,” the general insisted.
I could have told them about Matty. But I did not. This was the first time I discovered how truly monstrous I could be. It doesn’t take implants or burn scars to frighten yourself or others. It only takes the uttering of one name. I gave them the name of the boy who collected limes from our tree and sold them on the street corner. Who, like Mateo, had a number which had rarely been called—until that moment.
When it was over, with the name revealed, I collapsed back against the chair. My head heavy. My eyelids heavy. The general exited the room, looking no more pleased than when he’d entered. Two guards followed in his wake, unshackling my parents and I. Freeing us. But we were not really freed. Not ever again. No one gets caught stealing from Prothero and goes back to a normal life. We signed non-disclosure contractual agreements we didn’t have the time and energy to read. We were escorted back to our barracks by guards.
In the city, Javier Hernandez was seized and tortured and probably killed.
I did that.
I gave them the wrong name.
I saved Mateo’s life but ended another.
Our family was whisked away to Paris, France twenty-four hours later. Armed guards led us out of Mexico City and onto a jet plane. We were assigned clasped bands to track our movements via GPS. The bands monitored our heart rates, vital signs, acted as our identification and financial documents. Our lives became thin pieces of metal we were ordered to wear at all times.
I was flown across an ocean and haven’t seen Mateo since.
I slipped the cuff when I wanted to believe Prothero wasn’t tracking my movements. I swapped bands with girls my age to add a further layer of subterfuge to my adventures. A compliment here, some laughter there and Prothero was completely unaware I’d located the address and contact from Matty’s slip of paper. The man in the cheerful, crumbling alleyway next to a Parisian cafe greeted me with a familiar tin box and coin.
The tin contained the first letter. I unfolded the page with shaky fingers and read his shaky script in the childish code we’d devised. Matty writes me in English, transposing the correct alphabet letter for its corresponding number. A=One, B=Two, C=Three, etc. with the numbers spelled out rather than abbreviated. The code is crude, but the numbers obscuring the intent of the message provide a level of comfort and security for a message traveling long distance. His first letter contained code names he’d chosen to further shield us from detection. Mine felt particularly bitter, but in time I grew to appreciate its meaning. Its weight.
Lima,
I hope this letter finds you well and reaches you safe. I waited for you at the lime tree like usual the day you were supposed to leave and you never showed. People in the neighborhood told me what happened. How they led you away in handcuffs. I was nervous and we hid the tin in one of the underground sewer tunnels in case the Peace Officers came for us. They never did.
They came for a boy named Javier Hernandez instead. Lima, I have no choice but to think you did this. You told them it was Javier who took the inoculations and not me. The Officers raided his house and took him and his family. An entire family vanished overnight and they have not been seen again.
I should thank you and be grateful but I’m also angry. Angry that you were caught. Angry that another family is dead or missing. Why didn’t you tell them it was me? What happened to you? Where are you?
I imagine you are in Paris eating croissants and drinking fancy chocolate coffee with your nose pressed to the screen of a tablet, building those computer puzzles and applications you talked about. That is the only way I can survive without knowing the truth.
My mother says the truth is biased. She says there is a good chance you are dead, like Javier and his family and you are never coming back. Please write to me Lima. I need to know you are alive. I need the truth.
With Love,
El Matador
I wrote him back that evening with hemp paper and a pen I stole from the front desk of the medical base. I sat up in my bed with a blanket drawn up over my head, scratching at the page—my parents snoring on the other side of the room. Or maybe they weren’t snoring at all. Maybe they were awake and aware of their treacherous daughter making further contact with her terrorist boyfriend. I don’t know. I don’t remember enough about them to know. Their bodies are smudged, drawn over with lines and their voices echo against the walls and windows of my head like ghosts. Not real people.
The only image I have with any real clarity is the horror of the bombing. It burns inside me and is always, always, always playing in the back of my mind.
One of the hazier memories is of my Dad with his feet propped up at a desk staring blearily into a computer monitor, eyes red-rimmed from exhaustion. I entered the room with my mom, back from the dinner he routinely skipped when he was working. He sat up, stretched and folded my mother into a hug.
He said, looking down at me with my mother wrapped in his arms, “The funny thing about a virus is that a virus doesn’t choose sides.”
He mumbled this into the taut flesh of her collarbone, staring at me with troubled, watering eyes, the lines deepening around them as he spoke.
My parents were trying to make things better—make the world safer—cure the disease faster. Contain and cure and bring the world peace from the nano virus. Maybe I wasn’t so different from them, as I’d suspected under the lime tree. Maybe our desire to help, to resolve the wrong all came from the same place. I needed to make things right, with Matty at least. I would do whatever he asked.
I wrote him back expressing my terror, my guilt, my safety, my desire for penance. What could I do? What could I do to make up for it? I couldn’t let the deaths of an entire family haunt me forever. But mostly I remember that stupidly innocent boy with the cow eyes and thin hair and slim, hungry frame and dark veins of disease.
He will haunt me forever.
Helping Mateo, I knew it wasn’t a sound proposition. But I was young. I was furious at being threatened and humiliated. I was anxious to make amends to Mateo, to serve an appropriate sentence for taking those lives. Matty offered the only solution to soothe the shame and guilt.
His first requests were easy—not really like stealing at all. He asked me to memorize passwords and inform him of what I saw happening in Paris. Simple tasks. But then what he asked of me became less and less safe with every letter. Most of it was information or memorized bits of data I could obtain using technology. I would sneak into my mother’s office and download the data and files on her computer, capitalizing on her remote access to Prothero’s database and intranet. I was good with tech, even as a kid. It wasn’t hard to set up a program to capture her keystrokes and reveal her passwords so I could gain entry to confidential information.
I should’ve had more pause and reserve when it came to stealing important things from Prothero—but after enough time and self deception the initial scare obtained a surreal quality, like a horrible dream. All I remembered was Prothero wronging Mateo and I, killing Javier and his family in the process. It was so much easier to spread the burden and blame. I lumped my parents into this category for letting Prothero frighten me.
My parents reactions to my theft in Mexico City drove a wedge in the widening fissure of our relationship. They already worked long hours in the trenches on the war against the nano virus and were rarely home. Our brief time together brimmed with mechanical hugs and frosty sentiments. It was as if I’d stolen their child and replaced her with an alien thing. I was a foreign object inserted into our family, a living breathing entity possessing none of the emotions and history of their former daughter.
They were afraid of me.
It was a smart suspicion. I shadowed all of Prothero’s movements in Paris and with helpful tips and stolen secrets of our communications, so did Mateo and the Contras. My knowledge of the inner workings of Paris was another layer added to my loathing of the city and its inhabitants. It wasn’t just the decadence and opulence of its citizens. It was also the creeping disease and underlying threat of death permeating the sweet scent of bread and pastries. I hated how naive they were about what was happening behind their closed doors. I hated myself too.
Then the bomb exploded, taking me far away from those worlds. The bomb took me from both my distrusting parents and my terrorist best friend, flinging me into the atmosphere and landing me into the open, loving arms of Prothero. Right in the belly of the beast.
It was impossible to communicate with Mateo for awhile. It wasn’t as if I’d disappeared, the entire world knew where I was and what happened to me. He knew where to find me. One of the Contras worked as a janitor, cleaning floors and emptying compost and recycling bins at the Prothero funded youth rehabilitation center. I entered this institution directly from the hospital, depressed and exhausted. I languished there for a year until they threw me a bone, an opportunity to be productive with my mangled life by enrolling me in mandatory National Service. I could pay my debts. I could rack up more.
The Contra janitor dropped a letter and kicked it under my bed one evening, while I was scribbling furiously on a tablet. Scribbling and drawing and writing out all the nightmares and isolation. After he left, I slid out of the covers and crouched on all fours to retrieve it.
With teary eyes I read the message.
Lima,
When I learned about the bombing in Paris, and heard that you and your parents were victims, I believe my heart stopped beating. And a second time, when I discovered you were placed under the protection of Prothero. You had been repaired and implanted with computer parts and technology that would heal all your injuries. You are with the enemy now, and you feel alone.
Do not be discouraged. Allies exist all around you. I cannot be there in person, but I am there in spirit. I am fighting and breathing alongside you. You are not alone.
I had the strangest dream last night. You were painting pictures of us under the lime tree where we first met. But instead of the images staying on the canvas, they climbed out of it and danced around the courtyard. You made these paintings come to life. They were mesmerizing, like the drawings you send to me. I would give you an equally beautiful gift, but I am no artist. One day I will see you paint in person, and you will make art so wonderful, it will come alive. And we will dance.
Time is the enemy of all. It kept us apart for too long. I have another dream, but it is not about your paintings. It’s not a thing I dreamt in the night. It’s a vision during waking hours, of you escaping Prothero and meeting me here in Mexico City. It is dangerous. I know this cannot happen. But I think about it. I dream. Maybe you could tell me one of your dreams. We would share our dreams everyday if you were here.
I hope all our efforts are not wasted. We will be able to defeat Prothero and liberate you. You are the reason I fight. You and everyone like you.
With Love,
El Matador
Reading that letter from Mateo, after not hearing from him or any of my loved ones for so long, after losing my parents and control over my body and life—it was enough to sustain me. Enough to help me endure the prisons Prothero placed me in. Up until January of this year, those letters meant the promise of freedom, escape from years of manipulation. Matty promised escape to a terrorist refuge of—of what exactly? The way he describes it, life for the Contras isn’t glamorous or safe. But it’s the only other option available to me. It’s a choice other than choosing to stay here.
Is it strange that I would return to the metaphorical arms of a terrorist when around the same time, my relatives abandoned me? I blame my grandparents especially for giving in to Prothero’s legal team and the pressure they exerted to turn me over as a ward of the state. Now I exist as an entity Prothero can capitalize on—experiment with—and force into national service.
While Prothero originally pitied me and took me on as a special case, they didn’t ever intend to pay my medical bills. I was implanted with organs and received special nano injections, along with a lengthy rehabilitation stay at their top medical facility. My debt has topped out at over fifty million dollars. While the press insisted Prothero generously provided this care and these resources free of charge, the legalities of it were not straightforward. I could work off the debt from within the system, or my relatives could claim me and the millions in fees. My grandparents couldn’t afford to pay that kind of money. It was easier for them if I was a ward of the state. It was easier for everyone if Prothero kept me as their own.
Reading the first letter from Mateo, post-bombing, was a reminder at least one person remembered me for who I was, and wanted to claim me despite all the debts owed. Those sentiments were nice. He was nice. He was thousands of miles away, participating in a resistance against my jailers. And I was rotting in the bowels of Prothero, stuffed full of their tech like a holiday turkey—practically bursting out of the seams with it.
It took several more months after the first post-bombing letter for me to slip Mateo anymore vital information. Old habits are hard to break, and I could break into pieces of tech at the youth center with little difficulty on my part. It was their fault, for letting me commune with the machines. For showing me the possibilities of flight. Prothero was convinced I sat placidly in their labs, fixed and harmless as furniture.
But no matter how much they placated and trained me to obedience, I could defy them. They’d given me every reason to do so. They’d taken my parents from me, even before the bombing. They’d taken Matty, killed Javier and his family. They’d violated my body with technology and manipulated my mind. Prothero stole all these things from me.
Except for this stupid tin. These letters are all I have left. I can’t get rid of them.
And I always need more.

Carmen Martinez, the Contra sympathizer who ferries the letters back and forth between Mateo and I, is a short, hard-bodied lady in her forties with long peppered black and grey hair, typically tied back in a ponytail. She wears a Prothero uniform because the cherry orchards belong to the government. This food is regulated.
Once the pickers load up all the ripe fruit, the cherries are prepared for shipping at a plant down by the base of the Dalles dam. The technicians move their belongings into a row of houses next to the factory, keeping watch on machines working non-stop to process and package the fruit. More workers flood into town temporarily to load the processed cargo onto bullet trains and barges.
The cherries disappear through various channels out of the Gorge and eventually, so do all the people. Then it’s lonely, silent winter days punctuated by the howl of wind and wild animals. This is how it’s been for the last two years here, and no doubt will continue after I’m gone.
I trudge up the last curve of the hill towards the converted church and duck into the orchards, ditching the cycle far enough into the trees that it won’t be spotted from the road. The tool shed is half a mile away, through the orchard grove on my left, not visible from the road. I count the rows as I walk, sixth row in and straight back. Will she be there? The chances are slim, it's early in the season for more than one or two maintenance technicians to roam the dormant trees. But I possess Rabbit's tangible hope now. The impossible feels possible.
Far off in the distance to the right, a mechanical cherry rover hums. No, it’s too far away for me to be picking up any noises. It’s the vibrations. The voice of the machine. The sounds are in my head. Well, that can’t be accurate. I snap a finger beside my left ear to check the volume on my hearing aid; it’s turned halfway up. Couldn’t be a malfunction. I try again to visually locate the rover but it’s nowhere in sight. Must be loose wiring in the auditory implant.
The tool shed slides into view from behind a cluster of trees and I physically restrain myself from making a mad dash towards the comfort of its sagging walls. I spin around and check my rear, making sure no one followed me, which is highly unlikely but existing as a terrorist spy has the habit of making you appropriately suspicious of your surroundings when engaging in criminal behavior.
I dig in the dirt and dead leaves at my feet for a rock to pitch against the side of the shed. The wise move is to be sure it’s not an ambush. The rock clangs against the rusting metal and a toe peeks out from behind the far wall. It’s clad in a black work boot, similar to mine.
I clear my throat loudly and state, “Flash.”
“Bang,” Carmen says, stepping out from behind the shed, “You’re dead.”
I sigh and rub my temple. “I thought you might be—”
“Someone else? Smart girl. I was trying to reach you at the base. Our plant at the gates was transferred to the Ukraine and K.I.A. two months ago. No one will believe you’re my daughter.” She shrugs.
“Why, what’s happening?” Dread rises like bile in my throat.
“Nothing good.” She reaches into her pocket to retrieve the letter, holding it out to me. “Read for yourself.”
I take the letter and she spies the rosary on my wrist.
“Who gave that to you?”
“A friend. What does it matter?”
Carmen and I are not on good terms. She doesn’t trust me, considers me a liability. I only trust her because options are limited. She’s my connection to Mateo, and Mateo is integral to Plan B.
Carmen rolls up the sleeve of her jacket to reveal a matching rosary bracelet. It’s the same design, with the red cross and white beads. “It matters.”
I narrow my eyes at her and slide the jacket cuff over the rosary. Rabbit is already involved enough by simply knowing me. By reading the letter. I don’t want to implicate him in this, a conspiracy he has no part in. The rosary bracelet could be an unfortunate coincidence of religious iconography that has nothing to do with the Contras. Or it could mean he’s a Contra sympathizer. Or it could mean he’s a Contra spy. The matching details are impossible to ignore. Regardless, I don’t want his name on Carmen’s lips if either of us get caught.
“Not to you,” I say. “It doesn’t matter to you.”
“Suit yourself. Be careful who makes friends with you.” She pulls a cigarette from her pocket and ignites it, taking a drag.
“Thanks for the advice. See you in a month?”
“Probably. You know that thing you asked the Matador to get you?” She flicks ash and takes another puff, squinting as the smoke billows back in her face.
“You read our letters?” I ask, face growing warm. Embarrassed at the thought of Carmen pouring over my amorous confessions. Is there no such thing as privacy? Does everyone get to read our damn letters now?
“Course not. But I am privileged with some information. Or I wouldn’t be a very good conejo, now would I?”
“Conejo?”
“Yeah. Like a mole, a topo. Except I’m not blind. But I burrow underground. I keep my ears to the ground. I keep watchful eyes. I’m very clever.”
“Like a rabbit.” My fingers clench around the rosary bracelet, nails digging into my flesh. Carmen notices.
“Yeah, like that. It’s my job to learn things about you. A lot of things about you. And I take my job seriously. You asked about fourth gen bands.” She pulls the cigarette away and scrapes some of the particulates off the tip of her tongue with a gnarled thumb.
“I’ve been asking the Matador for years. Three years and he never sent me one. He said it was too risky and where would I hide it and how would I avoid detection. Why now? Why is he sending me the fourth gen now?”
“Those aren’t questions I can answer. But you could probably figure it out if you think real hard. Same reason I’m here, little topo. Same reason I don’t get to live the life I want. We serve a better purpose on the inside. Maybe the Matador didn’t want you to escape. You’re no good to us dead.”
The hairs raise on my arm, rivulets of electricity buzzing along the folds of my jacket. Carmen cocks her head at this display, taking another long drag on the cigarette, enjoying my discomfort. A rock forms in the pit of my stomach.
“That’s a neat trick Prothero has you doing. Controlling electricity or something. Does the Matador know about that?”
I don’t answer her. “Do you have it? The fourth gen?”
“Not yet. The Matador says to tell you it’s coming. You’ll get it before your National Service term is up. Be patient. Can you be patient Lima?” I hate when she uses our nicknames. The mocking sing-song in her tone grates my already raw nerves.
“I can be whatever I need to be.”
“Yes, you can do whatever we need you to do. But you can’t do what you want. It’s a sad story.” The smirk she wears melts the ice in my stomach and lights a fire there instead.
I never get what I want. Snippets from a dream I didn’t remember until now flood through me. Weightless spinning in the stars. In the comfortable shell of a spaceship and Rabbit’s arms around me and we float in silence. We escape, together. I had that dream last night. It was just a dream though.
I never get what I want.
“Tell me about rabbits.”
“Smart ones don’t get caught,” she says, her gaze flickering again to the rosary bracelet.
“What about here. Are there conejos here?” I ask, looking down at the rosary and back up to her.
“Besides me? Don’t think so. Not ones I have the privilege of knowing about, anyway. Wild ones, maybe.”
She smiles again, revealing crooked gold teeth.
“What about ones who’ve been caught?” I ask, thinking back to Rabbit’s prison tattoo. His ties to the Fullers. My head spins. I want to sit down but my body language would give me away to Carmen. She notices too much already.
“No. They get killed and eaten. Or maybe kept as a pet, in a cage. Smart conejos don’t get caught. They keep away from traps and snares. Like me.” She thumps a thumb against her ample chest and takes another drag on the cigarette, her eyes boring into me.
“When will the fourth gen get here?” I ask again, because it’s the only other thought revolving in my brain at the moment. I want to get out of here. Away from Carmen, away from National Service, away from the Contras and their conejos and everyone. I want to escape.
“Soon. You keep coming back to visit me. I get lonely out here separated from the colony. I like our talks.” She turns her back on me and glides like an apparition out of sight, leaving a trail of acrid smoke and irritation in her wake.
I liked the French guy better. The one in Paris who snuck me chocolates.
On the path back to the stashed cycle I kick angrily through the withered leaves piled beneath the trees. They crumble and flutter away at first contact with my boot. Damn Carmen. Implying I’m screwing things up for the Contras. I’m in danger here. I’m dangerous. The chill winter sun catches a glint from the rosary as I storm around the dormant trees, Carmen’s ominous admonishments filtering back to me. Rabbit cannot be a spy for the Contras. He’s been admitted into SAI. He’s changing his life. Isn’t he?
The Fullers. He could be a spy for the Fullers. He said they owed him something. He owes them something. Maybe he’s like me, a mole, but for the wrong side. Not a rabbit at all. Carmen possesses a caustic personality, but she’s been a Contra for longer. If I can’t trust her…who can I trust? I thought I could trust Rabbit. I was trying to, anyway. I want to trust him.
I want…him.
I let out a growl of frustration and slam a fist into a tree. It leaves a shallow dent in the hard bark and jogs the locking mechanism on the rosary bracelet loose. It slithers from my wrist like a limp snake and drops to the ground in a coiled pile. I pick it up and jam it in my pocket, sprinting in the direction of the cycle. I don’t want to remain in the orchard any longer. Not with heavy doubts settling in me. I experienced one good night with Rabbit. One morning infused with a bit of hope. And now stupid Carmen’s insinuations scramble my head and this stupid letter burns a hole in my pocket. The stupid rosary bracelet and its unpleasant implications.
The ride back into town is mostly downhill. I detour across the crumbling freeway to the swing set at the base of the Dam. I usually read the letters in my favorite toilet stall in the Commons, but I’m anxious to open it after Carmen suggested the contents were of great importance. And I want a modicum of privacy.
I take a seat on one of the rusting swings, gripping the chains turned green in the wind and rain from the Gorge. There is no one around to repair it. There is no one. It’s me and the letter. I peel the pages apart with shaking fingers and my eyes dive to the opening greeting and first sentence.
Lima,
Winters are the worst time of the year. We have been separated for so long, you might think I am content without hearing a new word from you for months, but you would be wrong. This is difficult. I know you are strong. You survive the cold, hard winters in the Pacific Northwest, just as I survive the hot, arid summers in the Southwest.
I cannot survive too much longer. Things are bad down here. They’re releasing new strands of the virus and our simulated antidotes, derived from the inoculations you stole, do not work anymore. They are useless. It is especially hostile to women and children. It is fatal. Lima, our people are dying in the most horrible ways and all I can do is watch.
This form of inaction will not stand for long. We are moving forward with a new vaccine but it’s slow going. Any information you could send us would be much appreciated. I do not want to alarm you, but I contracted this new virus strain. It’s airborne and they pump it through the vents of all the bombed out buildings and into the sewers. It was impossible to avoid it.
There’s a reserve of medicine set aside for the leadership, but it’s running out. Will be depleted within two months time. I know it sounds crazy, but I need you to steal inoculations for me again, enough to last until we create a new antidote. Once more for old times sake? Please send the medicine. Give the inoculations to Carmela. Then you hop in your bird and fly down here on silver wings. We will free you from your band. From your bondage.
I know you will be upset and worried. But I need you calm and focused for this. Do not do be crazy, Lima. We need your resources, your access most of all. Those inoculations will extend our lives and extend the strength and reach of the cause.
We, perhaps, may do something insane and be forgiven. In retaliation for the new virus, we’re going to take down their building, their headquarters in the heart of our city. It will not be anytime soon, but we are patient. We watch and wait for the right time to strike. That is the way we survived this long.
I’ll remember to pray for our friend Javier and his family as I watch the bombs explode. I pray for him often. Do not be sad, pretty girl. Javier was ignorant of the resistance, but he died protecting us. He died for an important cause. Like one day I will. And you will.
With Love,
El Matador
My trembling hand holding the letter sinks down to my lap and I take a long look out over the waters of the Columbia. My mind spins and goes blank at the same time. A million things rush through my head. Numbness and emptiness overwhelms me, like a weighted blanket drawn over my shoulders, dragging me towards the earth.
That’s the problem with a metal heart. Just when you most need to feel, it fails you.
I’ve been concentrating so much on my personal dramas with Rabbit and Clinton that I’ve ignored Mateo and the Contras and their incredible need. Mateo is dying. Everything is the same as it was years ago. Nothing changes. Nothing gets better. It’s only an alternating series of viruses and bombs and Prothero and…
The implant seizes in my chest. Pain ripples across my ribcage and burns into the muscles of my back, like someone is flaying the flesh from my bones with a red-hot poker. My heart doesn’t just skip a beat, it stages a full-scale revolution against my body. I curl around the liquid hot point of light, the letter falling from my hands and landing in the patchy dirt underneath my feet. I heave forward out of the swing. The world in front of me tilts and slams to a halt as I hit the ground.
This can’t happen.
I’ve had this heart for three years. Why now? Why is this happening now? I land on my knees and grab wildly for the paper, crumpling the folds in my clawed fingers, trying to jam it in my pocket. Another sharp wave crashes against the shore of my chest, deep enough to make me cry out. The band display casts a projection, a warning error sounds in my ears. It’s reading my vitals. It’s reading that my vitals are failing.
My clumsy fist and the letter are all that matter now. I need to get rid of it. No one can see this.
I crawl towards the river, grabbing blindly at the clumps of dry scratch grass around me and heaving myself forward with trembling legs and arms. Air burns in and out of my lungs and my vision blurs. I’m almost there. Another few feet. Another few inches. Dragging, dragging my useless body to the edge of the water. The error message on the band grows louder in my ears. I’ve never heard it before. It’s a whooping siren, like the end of the fucking world.
A soothing, robotic voice clicks on from nowhere: You are experiencing a myocardial infarction. Please remain calm. Medical professionals are en route to assist you.
I squeeze my eyes shut and draw a stabbing breath into my lungs. Three more feet. I will make it. I will do this. A third wave of pressure drops my legs out from under me, my fingernails biting into the hard dirt beneath them. Three more feet. I can make it. I use all my remaining energy to toss the letter. It bounces once, twice, three times and rolls to the edge of the bank. Medical helos from the base will be here any minute now. I’m sure of it. The siren, the voice: You are experiencing a myocardial infarction. Please remain calm.
The crumpled letter flutters in a light breeze, taunting from the riverbank. Playfully rolling back and forth, but not tumbling over the edge and down into the water below.
The wind picks up around me, whirling in a circular pattern. Over the buzzing of the warning message, a thumping, whining noise. A helo. I want to roll over and watch its progress, but all the strength goes out of me. My head hits the ground, the letter shifting out of view. The sounds of men and women shouting to one another pushes lazily against my ears. My surroundings grow dim, like a darkened room when you pull the curtains. Pull the blankets up over your head. Stuff the pillow over your ears. Everything narrows to blackness.
A fourth wave of pain rolls over me, flattening my reality and taking the sounds away. The helo wings vibrate in the air, feet rumble towards me over the frozen, stiff earth. My eye implant snaps open as people touch my sides, lift, and roll me over. I catch one final, fleeting image of the letter ascending in the air and dancing out over the water. Dropping and rising. I smile. My eyes close. The noises stop.
The world is quiet, for once.


CHAPTER TWELVE:
PLAN B
“Eleni?” a familiar voice asks.
My eyes snap open. I’m laying in a hospital bed. Not restrained. That’s a good sign. I roll my head over and Nurse Esperanza smiles down at me. I blink, my mouth pulling into something resembling a return smile.
“I made it?”
“Barely. That was the closest call we’ve had with one of our residents in a while. You like to push the envelope huh?”
“It’s a talent.” I roll my head back and look up at the ceiling, trying to remember what happened before I passed out.
Oh, the letter. Mateo. The Contras. The virus. The bombing.
My heart races again, the monitor spiking. Nurse Esperanza grabs my shoulder.
“Take it easy.”
“How much easier?” My words slur. I feel…drunk.
“What’d you give me?”
“Don’t trouble yourself about that. Are you up for visitors?”
“Visitors?”
“Yes, your two friends stalked the infirmary lobby for the last ten hours waiting for you to regain consciousness. I’d like them to leave at some point. This seems to be the only way, though I’d advise against it.”
I prop myself up onto my forearms and elbows, lifting my upper torso. My arms shake with the effort.
“That’s the drugs,” she says. “Physically you’re fine. The other nurse practitioners and doctors here can’t explain it. You’ve already healed the damage to your organs. Your body decided to randomly reject the heart implant, but the nano-suppressants stabilized you. And your body did the rest.”
I smack my lips together. That explains the metal taste on my tongue.
She takes backward steps to the door, pushing it open. “Come in kids. Sleeping beauty is awake.”
Scarlett enters first, worry emanating from her like a beacon, her cheeks stained with black mascara tracks. Rabbit enters next, bringing that pleasant dip in my stomach I’ve come to associate with him. He looks about as miserable as Scarlett, but without the mascara streaks. Scarlett launches on me with a massive hug and a kiss on the forehead.
“You scared the crap out of me!”
“Well, that was the intention.”
She hovers over me, offering more disparaging words until Rabbit taps her on the shoulder. She throws him a nasty look and moves off to the side, barely. He brushes past Scar who scowls at him. He doesn’t even notice.
“Eleni.”
“Rabbit.”
His forehead crinkles. Concerned Rabbit face. “What happened?”
“Nurse Esperanza didn’t tell you?”
“They wouldn’t tell us what happened. It took me two hours to figure out you’d been life-flighted in here,” Scarlett complains, favoring the nurse with another of her dark looks. “And that’s only because the Rosas have connections in the medical wing.”
“And how did you find out?” I turn to Rabbit.
He rubs the back of his neck and doesn’t answer right away. More Rabbit secrets.
“Emilia sent me a wave,” Rabbit says, offering me a grim smile. “There were a lot of winking faces.”
Nurse Esperanza steps forward. “Dr. Dawson is momentarily indisposed. He was relieved to hear you survived and promised to teleport over first thing in the morning. If your condition is stable enough, he plans to bring you back to D.C. to evaluate your implant.”
Frantic thoughts slam and crash around my brain. I push myself up off the bed and claw at the IV drip in my arm.
“No. No way.”
Rabbit reaches out to grab my shoulders and restrain me. I struggle and thrash in his grip. My pulse rockets and alarms wail as the metal heart stages another coup underneath my ribcage.
“I’m not going back there.”
Rabbit and Nurse Esperanza force me back onto the bed. Scar stands behind the scene, covering her mouth with a balled up fist. I wish I’d told her more. I wish I’d told her everything.
Nurse Esperanza turns on Scar, “Buford, bring me that sedative on the counter.”
I shake my head. “Scar. Don’t.”
Scarlett stands her ground, indecisive.
“Now!” Nurse Esperanza orders.
The command sends Scar bolting across the room. She returns clutching a syringe. “I’m sorry, Len.”
Rabbit holds me to the hospital bed, pressing against my shoulder. He glances down at my wrist, empty of the rosary bracelet, and looks back up, a scowling question contorting his features.
“This isn’t right,” Rabbit says, catching Nurse Esperanza’s attention. “What we’re doing.”
“Are you a medical practitioner, resident?” she asks, narrowing her eyes into small slits.
He drops his head. “No ma’am.”
“Then hold her still.”
Nurse Esperanza rips the covers from my body and rudely shoves the hospital gown up past my hips. I thrash harder, but the sharp prick of the needle enters my left thigh despite my protests. Tears build in my real eye. Rage climbs up my throat.
“Rabbit,” I stop thrashing. “Don’t let them take me.”
He offers me a look of conflicted heartbreak.
“You promised,” I say. “You promised you’d help me.”
“Eleni, it’s Prothero. What can I do?”
Nothing. There’s nothing he can do.
“You promised.” My voice soars an octave.
Rabbit’s grip tightens and the blue electricity snaps alive on his band. It’s not the pleasant tingling sensation from last night. It’s a hard, cruel strike of power. He releases me with a shout, backing away and stumbling into Scarlett. The look of horror on his face twists the room and blurs the edges of reality. In Rabbit’s eyes, Clinton Fuller stares at me in shock. My parents glower at me with side glances of despair. Dr. Dawson’s scowls in disappointment.
Rabbit’s scared. He’s finally scared of me.
He sees what I really am.
A monster.
The full color display above the bed, depicting the status of my internal organs, crackles and hisses. The siren wails cut off. My heart shudders down to an easy speed and the world shifts back to normalcy. Nurse Esperanza sweeps in front of me, shoving my friends to the door.
“Visiting hours are over,” she says.
“What’s wrong with her?” Scarlett asks.
“It’s not up for discussion. You too lover boy.” She pokes Rabbit’s shoulder. “Go on.”
“What’s gonna happen to her?” Rabbit asks.
Scar and Rabbit struggle against Esperanza, but it’s pushing back against the inevitable. They can’t win against the authority the Nurse wields. They can’t win against Prothero. They’ve already lost. The door closes and Nurse Esperanza twists the lock. Hot tears spill down my cheek. I brush them away clumsily.
“I’m sorry. That was a terrible idea.” Nurse Esperanza moves to fiddle with a vial of drugs on the counter. “You need more rest.”
“Don’t,” I say, unsure of what I’m railing against. The world lurches away in a sudden rush. Then, I remember. “Don’t let them take me.”
She strides over to my IV, equipped with yet another needle. She stares down at me with the stony features of a woman resigned to carry out actions she secretly despises. “It’s not my choice. Believe me.”
She injects the solution. My eyelids become too heavy to prop open. From outside the spongy grip of blackness, fists pound on a door.
Scarlett’s voice. “What are you doing to her?”
“Buford! Stop. You’re only making it worse.”
“Fuck you!” That’s Scarlett. The rest of their words muffle, as if someone slowly turned down the volume in my ears. They keep talking, spinning their sounds together until I can’t tell who is who anymore.
Nurse Esperanza breaks the cacophony, whispering into my inky dream world. “You’re too important to die on us.”
I tumble into a landscape of nightmares.
The same dream, backwards again. Javier exploding. I’m strapped to a hospital bed. Blurry hands emerge, pressing and pushing at my flesh. Scalpels slice into me. Needles submerge under my skin. Electricity drives over my body in jolts. And then, I’m left. Left to starve and die and rot. Voices thunder in, the voices from the SIM, weeks ago, when Rabbit destroyed the building. Rabbit, pressing the command button on his console. Matty and the women and children trapped in the collapsing building rubble. The drone spinning to the ground. My nose erupting in blood, waves of nausea. Blood on my hands. Blood on Rabbit’s hands. Mateo crushed to death. Mateo emerging from the shadows, holding his hand out. Beckoning me. Calling for help. Asking me to join him.

I wake up in a cold sweat to a pitch-black room. The sky outside, visible through a sparsely curtained window, is dark. My band indicates it’s 4am.
I remember. The revelation of the new NV, kissing Rabbit, the suspicious rosary bracelet, the conejos, the letter from Mateo, the heart attack, my friends abandoning me. The pain strikes again, all at once, with the force of a hammer. My blood pressure spikes on the monitor overhead and a vice tightens in my chest.
I am dying.
Prothero is killing me. Prothero is killing Mateo. I don’t want them to take me back to the lab in DC for experimentation. They won’t offer benign alterations this time. They’re done fixing me up. They will take what they want. Do what they want. I’ll be locked up in a little room with a window and everyday they’ll siphon my blood until I wither and die.
I need to get out of here. I need to get the fuck out of here.
It’s too soon to flee the base. It’s sooner than I’d planned. I’m not as strong as I should be. I don’t have enough training or experience yet.
But there’s no more time to worry about any of that.
I inhale and push all the emotions down into the baser regions of my brain. Burying them with layers of military training and technical manuals and computer science. I can’t remember how horrible I feel anymore. I can’t feel anything anymore. But I understand what I must do.
It’s the only thing I can do. No one else can save me.
I save myself.
Time for Plan B.
I pluck the needle out of my right arm and wrap my fingers around the drips of blood caused by this inexpert maneuver. The puncture doesn’t quickly evaporate with nano assistance, which means I’ll take longer than usual to heal. I lift the covers and tiptoe over to an empty chair in the room where the clothes I was wearing this morning are draped. My limbs are shaky, but less so than earlier. My favorite black t-shirt is entirely unusable, cut down the middle with a pair of scissors for easy access to my chest. Same with the bra. I toss these aside and put on the pants, the lump of Rabbit’s rosary digging through the right pocket. I pull it out and wrap it around my wrist. Who cares what Carmen thinks.
Who cares what anybody thinks anymore.
The jacket is fine, the medics only unzipped it. I pull it on over the hospital gown. My pack is there too, rifle missing. There’s still a mace, taser, EMP device, and rations tucked away inside the three pouches. Not enough for what I need, but it will have to do. I transfer the mace and taser to my jacket pockets. One in each. They may prove useful before the night is over. With that completed, I stand on tiptoes and open one of the upper cupboard doors. There must be inoculations in here, somewhere. Maybe not six months worth. Maybe not enough for the entire Mexico City Contra leadership. But there could be enough for one person. For Mateo.
Flimsy cardboard boxes line the shelves, but none are labeled NV-1. I curse under my breath and search the lower cabinets, finding one package of the antidote. The outside label indicates the box only contains eight doses. Two months. It’s not enough. There has to be more in the infirmary. The base is teeming with people who need weekly treatments. I need to find them.
I gingerly push the door open, scanning the waiting room for signs of life. A male clinic orderly sleeps at the counter, and behind him in the pharmacy four shelves are crammed with medications. Jackpot.
The door to my right accesses this room. I grab the doorknob and turn it gingerly, hoping the click and muffled whoosh of the door sliding open doesn’t disturb the orderly’s slumber. He sighs and shifts but remains napping. I tiptoe onto the buffed linoleum and scan the first row for another box of NV-1. I’m not asking for much. One more box should suffice for Matty. I couldn’t carry much else with me. One more box.
The first row of shelves does not yield any results. Nor does the second. Then I spy familiar labeling on the bottom half of the third row. There is decidedly more than one box occupying those shelves. But I only need one.
I creep forward, grabbing the first package, and hesitate. Another package would buy two more months for Mateo, or someone else in the Contra leadership. Cursing my impulses, I grab another off the shelf and turn to find my path is blocked. The slumbering soldier has awoken, his brows drawn together in confusion.
“What’re you doing in here?” he asks, stifling a yawn.
Good. I need the element of surprise. I clench my fingers around the taser in my jacket pocket.
“Getting some medication,” I say. “Could you hold this for me?” I dangle the second box in front of him. He nods sleepily and reaches for it. He must be under the impression I’m either a patient or a medical resident. Or he’s half asleep and could care less either way.
“Why are you wearing a jacket?” he asks. “It’s roasting in here.”
“Yeah, it is,” I say as he grips the cardboard.
I jam the taser in his ribs, depressing the button. The soldier emits a terrified shout and I drop the other box of medication to cover his mouth.
Bad call. A jolt of electricity ripples my body like water and the wires in my temple crackle. The acrid scent of burnt hair and electronics assaults my nostrils. The vision in my left eye stutters and I drop my hand from him, but I keep tasing. The orderlies knees buckle and he collapses to the ground, in too much pain to articulate, saving me from anymore dumb ideas like stifling his cries. I deliver more volts to his abdomen, then I check the vitals on his band. Steady pulse and heart-rate. He’s not going into cardiac arrest.
A red security camera light winks at me from across the room. I’m not the first drug addled resident or soldier to burst in here and attempt to elicit prescription narcotics. If a broom or pole were nearby I could bust the camera up, but the whole incident will be recorded. There’s no turning back now. Not with the orderly lying prone on the ground beneath a scattering of inoculations. Besides, the other things planned for tonight are much worse than a tasering. I scoop up both boxes and sling them in the pack. I need to get out of here fast, before security is alerted or the soldier wakes.
I shuffle past the unconscious soldier and exit out into the empty main hallway. It’s so quiet out here this early in the morning. I should grab some better clothes. I should give Scarlett and Rabbit a final goodbye. But there’s no time to do either.
What else is there to say?
They won’t help me escape Prothero. No one can. It’s better this way. Prothero is hot on my heels and what’s left of my entire world is falling apart in Mexico. I will deliver these inoculations and myself along with them so maybe the Contras can deliver a cure. Rabbit and Scarlett, they’ll manage without me. They’ll be better off.
Nobody really needs me in their life anyway. Clinton Fuller may be a terrible human, but he was right about that. I’m a dangerous person and I will destroy people’s lives.
Floodlights illuminate the main campus, and a bitter wind whisks across the vacant courtyard separating the Academy from the rest of the military base. Flakes of snow drift in the breeze, unable to make purchase on the ground. Snow could be problematic. I need to escape before the full force of the weather hits.
My first and only stop is five hundred yards from the munition’s depot. I circle around behind the building and slip in using an above ground basement window loosened by years of exposure to the harsh gorge weather and my interference with kinetic tools. I pop the window out of the frame, and the already weakened metal bars snap like twigs when I exert pressure on them.
Loosening this window has been a hobby of mine. The hours of dark are long here, and some night’s sleep does not come easy. Establishing an access point to the weapons depot seemed like a productive use of my time when awake at 2am on a military base. They don’t store rifles in the basement. Only heavy weapons like machine guns, rocket launchers and other explosives. A few of which are perfectly suited for my needs.
I slip through the gap in the concrete, glad of my relatively thin frame and lack of large breasts. I imagine Scar trying to squeeze down in here. Scarlett. A nagging spike of pain rips into my chest but I tuck all thoughts of my friends away in a corner of my mind and close the door. I cannot be distracted from this purpose. They’re better off without me.
I drop down onto the concrete. The fall is greater than anticipated. It’s difficult to judge distance using a warped, barred window. My ankles buckle as my feet land and I topple forward, knees slamming into dirty grey cement. A cry of pain escapes me and I bite down hard on the knuckles of my right hand. Hard enough to draw blood that tastes like poison on my tongue.
I sit in a crouch, catching my breath and gathering my bearings. My knees throb with a dull ache. The band clicks on to a low pulse, providing enough illumination for me to read the labels on the shipping containers. They are stacked on tall metal shelving units, similar to a warehouse. A forklift or mech suit would reach the top shelf. Luckily, the items I need are on a bottom row. I spy them and approach the metal box. How am I going to get past this obstacle? I step closer and touch the side, as I did before in the SIM with the LRAD. Nothing happens. Not sure what I was expecting. A flash of light, the box to magically open, a genie to pop out and grant me three wishes? Stupid.
I lean in closer to inspect the lid and see if it’s possible to pull it off with a crowbar. Text on the label catches my eye. Right beneath the twisting Prothero symbol and the slogan “Advancing humanity at all costs,” is a bar-code. I scan it with the band. It reads the printed ink and spits out lines of manufacturer information, including a twelve-digit lockbox sequence I can enter on a keypad. Well, that’s convenient. I reach into the underside of the shelf, searching the container top until my fingers land on the keypad. It’s dusty. This part of the armory has been dormant for a while.
I punch in the lockbox numbers and the box beeps. Nothing happens. A text message appears, “please enter the six-digit security clearance.” Couldn’t be that easy. I sigh, rubbing at the wires on my left temple. I have to hack this box. I need the explosives inside to provide a diversion. They’re an integral part of Plan B.
I bang a fist on the keypad numbers. The box emits another sharp beep and renews the previous text message, “please enter the six-digit security clearance.”
The band however, awakens, gleaming an ominous purple. I’ve seen blue before, that is a known quantity. This is an entirely new development. An image flickers to life on the display, fuzzy at first and indecipherable, but gaining clarity as the seconds tick by. Schematics for the keypad, displaying a weakness in the wiring. If I exploit this weakness, I can overload the system and force the container open, bypassing the security code. That would be preferable to sitting here playing guessing games until the sun comes up.
“Thanks,” I whisper to the purple schematic. It pulses and winks out, retaining the dim white glow of the flashlight.
I shrug out of my pack and dig around inside the flap for the item I’m usually never without, a set of kinetic tools. I touch the screwdriver down to the keys and a spark of electricity shoots up. I dig the metal in under the buttons and lift with all the force in both my arms. The cover of the keypad lifts off, exposing the wiring beneath. The band snaps back on, rotating the schematics. There are six colored wires. I manipulate them into a new sequence based on the read-out. I snap the keypad back on and await an updated text message.
Nothing happens. I tap out the twelve-digit sequence again. Still nothing.
This isn’t working. I kick at the metal container. A pleasant chime sounds and the lid unlatches with a velvety sigh of compressed air.
“That’s more like it,” I say to the empty room.
I grab four of the large grenades from the metal shipping box and place them carefully inside my pack, wrapping them in my jacket, tucking them in the bottom of the bag. Fragile cargo. I reach back into the container for a fifth device, replace the lid and set the grenade on top of it. I punch in a four digit code and set twenty-five minutes on the timer to arm it.
A large pile of packing debris and wooden pallets rests in the back of the room. I pull out the taser and rest the electrodes against a loose scrap of paper in the pile. Pressing the button sends electric current through the material and ignites a tiny fire. It should burn hot enough and big enough to set off the fire alarm, effectively clearing the building before the grenade goes off. It gives off significant heat, so I back away, scanning the room for items with enough height to allow for escape.
An empty container by the window is portable enough to push up against the wall. I climb on top, and a small hop confirms it will support my weight. Not quite there yet, I jump down and grab another box which slightly teeters while I’m placing it. This is much more precarious and I don’t bother with a test hop. It will probably only survive the one attempt. I place a tentative foot on top and it wobbles, confirming my suspicion.
With a hand on the wall to steady myself and one final nervous glance back at the height of my potential tumble, I move my other foot and leap with all the muscle and strength I can muster. My reaching hands find a tentative grip on the window ledge, my fingers scrabbling about in the dust and dead bugs littered there. I pull my upper torso onto the ledge and walk my feet up the wall, gripping the posts left behind by the recently removed window bars.
I grab through the window frame at clumps of grass and earth, dragging myself up and out. My stomach and thighs rake painfully across the damaged posts, and I’m fairly certain when I lift the hospital gown there will be long bloody scratches, but there’s no time to stop now. I’m out of the basement and up on my feet, scanning the perimeter of my vision. No one.
My priority now is the airfield. The helos.
I make good, steady progress across the base. Flat-out running seems like the smart option, but would attract more attention. At the moment I look like a sleepy resident, out for early morning exercise. Except for the bottoms of the hospital gown flapping like waving arms in the breeze. I tuck the excess material down into my pants, but it mushrooms out the top. Whatever. In a few minutes I’ll be a suspect regardless of my attire.
The snow descends in earnest now, and a thin layer of white forms on the ground. Poor visibility stacked on top of my inexperience operating the Condors is going to make for a rocky start to Plan B. It’s hard to be upset at the fluffy white flakes piling up on all the surfaces. They mute my footprints and blanket the base in a comforting, beautiful silence. This could be the last image I ever see of Fort Columbia. I’m glad it’s this and not some drizzly dankness or one of the roasting hot summer evenings. Silent snowfall is a pleasant note to end it on.
Around ten minutes, the fire alarm in the armory emits a piercing wail. I spin around. A trickle of confused soldiers exits the building, which is not obviously on fire.
“Come on, get out of there,” I whisper, looking towards the front doors of the armory. Soldiers and guards are usually stationed there, but are now ushering people away from the building.
About a dozen residents, soldiers, and staff gather two hundred feet from the building. Should there be more people outside? I haven’t collected enough intelligence about the armory staffing to make a judgement call on potential casualties. I’ll assume everyone is smart enough to understand that fire in an armory leads to disastrous situations and therefore evacuated promptly, especially given how often we are drilled on proper evacuation procedure.
Specialists arrive at about thirteen minutes, roaring down the roadway north of the airfield with full sirens and colored lights blaring, attracting as much attention as is humanly possible at 5am on a Monday morning. I hop out of their line of sight and into the grass, doing my best to look bewildered, sleepy, and completely unsuspicious. My presence doesn’t elicit so much as a second glance by any of the men and women inside the armored vehicles.
Another twenty minutes of walking and a full visual emerges of the airfield where the giant helocrafts roost. There is zero activity, since most responders are consumed with the armory crisis. Upon seeing the dormant helos, adrenaline and anticipation lurch in me. It’s time to take what has been denied ever since I stole my first inoculation. Freedom.
I wait another five minutes for the full force of my distraction to work its magic. I back-track and slip into the shadow of the administration building, crouching behind a squat bush. My biggest concern is the explosion won’t draw the guards off the hangar gates, and I will be forced to disable them with other, more violent means. The heart implant jack-hammers in my chest. I check the time on the band. It should have gone off by—
The initial explosion isn’t excessively loud or forceful. The armory emits a tinny popping sound, like a firecracker going off in a metal bucket. Then, as if the firework multiplied, several more explosions occur right on top of another. A chain reaction of grenades, igniting one then the other. The ground rumbles underfoot and from my crouching position I’m thrown against the admin building.
I gain purchase and peek my head around the corner to get a better vantage point at the devastation I’ve created. Blasts flare from the armory basement, shooting metal, brick, dirt and glass into the air. I hadn’t considered how detonating bombs in the basement might weaken the support structures of the building. The whole damn thing could come down.
Shouts and the clatter of boots hit the snowy pavement. I duck back into the darkness and the scant protection of the bush before they reach my position. It doesn’t matter anyway, the guard’s attention is clearly on the chaos in front of them. They are flat-out running and I twist my head around to see they’ve abandoned their post at the hangar gates. I bet on their instincts working ahead of their good judgement. If there is no superior officer around to tell them any different, these are the kind of people who come running to the aide of those who might be caught in an exploding building.
There are good people at Fort Columbia. Real heroes.
And I’m not one of them. At least, not tonight.
The entrance to the hangar is unguarded. I scan my band to gain admittance, watching the electric gate discharge and the metal and razor wire material roll away to allow access. Slipping past the security measures, I note how eerie and desolate it is without the bustle of military personnel. I'm used to traversing this part of the base in daylight, with soldiers and officers scattered about the yard.
Tonight, right now, it’s me and the birds. Immense, powerful metal birds. Some of them doomed to never fly again. I move swiftly but quietly across the empty space and slide in between the rear compartments of two helo-crafts. I drop the pack from my shoulders and extract one grenade, removing the adhesive pad and sticking it to the outer wall of the aircraft engine. I punch in fifteen minutes on the timer then pause for a moment, pressing my lips against the metal.
“You deserve better,” I whisper to it.
It takes eight minutes to arm the rest of the grenades and select one of the Condors to fly out of here. Another two minutes to gain entry to the helo and hack the security code to start the engine. It’s easier than I imagined it might be. The interior cockpit looks and feels exactly like the SIM so any confusion is neatly eliminated. The only real difference is the smell.
This helo has spent time in combat. I’m trapped in here with the scent of sweat and fear and blood and death. It’s a familiar odor. It’s haunted me my whole life, in one form or another. I tap the ignition and lift sequence into the soft keyboard. The helo rises up off the platform and banks sharply left, the muted electric engine and strong blades levitating the mammoth machine.
The band inexplicably shimmers to life, schematics popping up purple, shifting to blue. Phosphorous sneaks up my forearm and into my bicep. The throbbing travels up the side of my neck and temples. I fight the controls to level out but the helo has a mind of its own. The barely airborne Condor rises, falls, and banks right. Right is not good. To the right looms the hangar, where eight other Condors are rigged to explode and hopefully take the rest of the fleet out with them. I don’t want to go there.
But the controls do not belong to me anymore. The glow from my body is what the aircraft listens to. And I don’t control that either. Fear lurches in the pit of my stomach and electricity crackles around the band. I move it away from the keyboard before it can do anymore damage. The helo rights itself at the last moment, dodging the building but clipping and grinding metal off the rear propellers.
A damage alert flashes on the schematic monitor in front of me. I dispatch a robot to deal with the minor electrical malfunction resulting from the collision and breathe a sigh of relief. The helo, finally straightened out, soars cleanly above the airfield and past the sparsely staffed control tower. They buzz the helo and a female voice fills the cockpit.
“Condor nine, who authorized take-off?”
I set my mouth in a grim line, disabling their audio signal. Their techs work quick and bypass the move within seconds.
“Eleni Garza, this is home base, you are not authorized to pilot Condor nine,” a stern male voice says.
“No shit.”
“Return to alpha hangar.”
“No.”
“Garza, you are in violation of directive 17. You have ten seconds to comply.”
“Go to hell.”
“We are taking direct control.”
The autopilot clicks on and the helo, now roaring at high speed over the airstrip, makes a hard left, hard enough for the metal to shudder and whine in protest. We’re heading back towards the hangar. I wave away the projected board with its haptic keys, grabbing the hard control, making sure to keep my left arm far away from the electronics.
“When Condor Nine lands, you will report to the nearest military police officer for arrest and detainment,” the male voice insists.
I yank right on the wheel. I might as well be punching the wind, it’s that futile. Nothing happens. My teeth clench and jaw aches with the effort of suppressing contact with the surrounding electronic devices. But I’m not making a dent in regaining control. I sweep the soft keyboard back into existence.
“Work with me here,” I plead to the monstrous aircraft.
I punch in the security code again, but the error message offers a patronizing chuckle in reply. This isn’t working. I can’t let them win. I haven’t even left the base yet. This is pathetic. All that destruction at the armory and the hangar, it would be for nothing. I won’t let that happen. I don’t want to go back there. I can’t go back there.
There is no Plan C.
The first of the grenades attached to the helos explodes. An orange fireball billows up through the drifting snow, engulfing the aircraft. Then the other goes, and the next, like flicking over a line of dominoes. It’s horrifying and beautiful and terrible. The scream of tearing metal punctuates the symphony of low booms. The heat generated by the destruction penetrates the helo shields and sets off a mild alarm on the interface in front of me.
“Garza, are you responsible for this?” the voice demands.
Without further deliberation, I grab for the keyboard. The band flares on before it makes contact. I tap at the buttons, pulling letter and number sequences from digital memories I didn’t possess until now. Each line of code is met with that chortling, mocking error message. I slam both fists down on the keyboard projection in frustration and it melts into thin air.
I snatch the wheel and the glow bursts on my arm, rolling like a shockwave over my temple. My heart stutters. My grip tightens and I jerk the steering wheel in the opposite direction of the hangar. With an unhappy groan the helo pivots, wobbling and teetering on its access, but achieving stabilization.
“Garza. What are you doing?”
I fire up the forward arms and take a practice shot against signage lining the airstrip.
“Stop talking to me,” I shout over the roar of the guns. The band flares. The speakers embedded in the ceiling and walls crackle and go silent. I did that. The glow did that.
The helo lifts higher into the air and the speed increases, putting more distance between the aircraft and the hangar. There are three or four hundred feet to go before we’ve cleared the electric chain link fence lined with razor wire, along with three rows of defense cannons surrounding the entire airfield. They are the next obstacle to overcome.
“Go faster!” I yell to the machine, the engines picking up speed with a sharp squeal.
I aim the guns at the first line of cannons and unleash a barrage of ammunition. One cannon explodes in a magnificent burst, but a second next to it fires off a couple rounds before succumbing to a similar fate. The cannon shot hits the mid underbelly of the Condor, and a schematic snaps on in front of me, isolating the area and showing me the extent of the damage. I dispatch another robot for repairs. Any doubts they wouldn’t fire on the Condors are wiped cleanly from my mind. If the cannons don’t work, they’ll send out the drones next.
The drones are sleeker, faster and better equipped for aerial combat. The helos are basically air tanks used to haul equipment and soldiers. The forward guns are mostly for defense. Making it past the cannons isn’t going to be the hard part. It’s the drones I should have worried about. Not the Condors. Why didn’t I figure that out sooner? Destroying the armory and the alpha hangar wasn’t enough. I couldn’t get them all.
I wasn’t prepared enough for this.
I pound my fist against the steering wheel and at the same moment, realize it’s coated with blood. My nose drips freely, a tiny red river cascading down my chin. My attention diverted, the front of the helo dives towards the powdery earth. Firing on the cannons was not a great idea. They will disable the Condor by crashing it straight into the ground if need be. I jerk up on the controls and the craft shudders, groaning back up into the sky. A wave of nausea passes over me.
My left temple heats and the band burns white hot. A virtual flashes out from it, depicting a running, wild series of codes and communications between it and the aircraft. The remote force exerted by the control tower is extreme. It’s too much. I can’t put up enough firewalls and do enough damage control to safely operate the aircraft anymore. A dozen techs must be patched in, attacking from all angles. Combatting this, along with manipulating the forward guns and out-maneuvering the pack of drones I see on the monitor screaming across the airfield towards my coordinates…it’s too much.
The cockpit doubles and triples in my sight and a stronger wave of nausea rolls over me. The virtual code snaps off and the band blazes to a red-hot temperature. It sears my wrist. The smell and sensation hit me with a combined force and my stomach loses to the third round of sickness. I vomit on the steering wheel. I lose the controls and the helo dips towards the ground.
A cannon blast hits the rear propeller and blows the tail completely off. Warning bells and error messages pop up, flashing red flags and adding to the deafening, disorienting noises all around me. Cannon fire, pieces of helo exploding, the hum of the approaching drone engines. The helo begins its spinning descent to the ground.
The first blast from the drones cuts through the exposed end section, hitting the windshield of the cockpit, shattered glass exploding outward into the howling air. I duck against the wheel, abandoning the controls, cradling my wounded, burnt arm against my chest. I’m going to crash. This Condor is going to crash and explode and this time I’m really going to die.
“Help me, help me please,” I whisper, my head bowed against the controls.
The helo gives several violent, bucking shakes. A crippling pain stabs my head, my body recoiling in agony. I open my watering eyes. The entire bowel of the cockpit is engulfed in the smoky blue emanating from my skin.
The error messages on the monitors spin out code, 0s and 1s flashing across the screen faster than I can read them. The band sizzles, but the virtual is back up and talking to the aircraft. I’m talking to the aircraft and the band relays the messages. I need it to keep me floating in the air as long as possible and effect the safest landing possible. That’s what the code says.
The dizzying spin and tumble of the helo diminishes to a few dips and hiccups. The relentless pound of plasma fire does not cease. I dispatch the entire army of available repair robots. They work tirelessly to put out electrical fires and stitch together damaged circuitry to keep the propellers spinning. I wince as one of them takes fire from a drone and drops smoking to the floor in front of me. Its scrabbling legs and wings fall silent, its single bright eye blinks out.
I drag my head up to peer out the missing windshield, the wind buffeting against my ears and sucking away all sound except for the boom of cannons and snip of plasma guns. My hair batters like a hive of angry wasps around my head. Snow whips past my ears and stings my eyes. The view in front of me is the snow-covered grass at the end of the airstrip. We’ve made it past the third row of cannons. We’ve made it to the fence. But we’re not high enough to pass over it.
An extraordinary peace falls over me.
Condor Nine slams into the electrified wire, turning the aircraft into a giant microwave. The powerful blue flames pass over me. I use the momentum to jump back into the belly of the helo. I grab onto hanging netting and a loose, flapping seat belt, ducking into the empty seat to brace for impact. The Condor roars towards the ground and five seconds later we hit, spinning a hard left across the slick snow, the propellers ripping up huge chunks of earth in their wake. Plasma ammunition wicks into the dirt around us and stops. The bird is down.
I am free.
I roll over and drop off the seat, now parallel to the ground. The Condor is on its side. The seatbelts dangle like tongues above me and one of my feet is caught up in the netting. I extract it and scoot to the other side of the helo. Legs shaking, I lean against the curved, buckled ceiling for support. Electricity and exposed wires hiss and pop around me. My head swims unhappily as I pull myself upright. I rest for a moment and then advance towards the end of the helo, blown open by the drones and cannons. Crisp, early morning air pours in and blazing white light assaults me. The wail of sirens drifts over from the base. The crunch and rumble of approaching tanks shakes the helo material, rattling my ears. Boots slap against wet earth. Drones sputter overhead.
I take a seat on the floor—what used to be a helo wall—and rest my arms in my lap. The damaged left hand is tender and stings with pain. My nose runs slick with blood and snot. A layer of sweat shines off me like a filmy beacon. The electricity I absorbed from the fence buzzes in my veins, humming a sweet tune, pleading for release.
I’m sitting in this position, cross legged, hands in my lap, when the soldiers enter the rear of the helo three minutes later, fully geared, guns drawn. They shout orders to raise my arms in the air, but I don’t comply. I don’t speak. I don’t move. I sit calmly on the ground as they approach, yelling commands that go disobeyed with each foot they set forward. When they reach me and grab my arms, yanking the right one out of its socket, they must believe I’m too traumatized to retaliate. They must think they’ve won.
I let them think they’ve won. When they’re within reach, I explode in a furious blue aurora, electrocuting and bringing them all to their knees.
The power evaporates. That’s it. That’s all I’ve got left in me. The sum total of the energy left in me. I slump forward, resting my head against the cold metal of the ruined Condor, my sight landing on the backpack. Three boxes of stolen inoculations nestled inside will never see their intended recipient. I should know better. I should be smarter. I thought I could do it. I thought I was better than everyone else, like Rabbit said. Turns out I’m not. I’m fallible and broken. I’m nobody’s hero today.
Another squad of soldiers approaches, no doubt taking stock of the inert bodies scattered on the ground. I don’t see them, I only hear them, the earthquake of boots against metal, the shifting of their uniforms, their ragged, frightened breath dragging in and out of their lungs. A soldier reaches out and rolls me onto my back. I’m staring into the black, shining barrel of a rifle. More guns aim at my head from other angles, but the one pointed directly at my forehead is the only one consuming my attention.
I glare up at it, into it, willing the female soldier to pull her trigger. Calling out with all the algorithms and codes and kernels of software and run time voices I’ve heard over the last two months to the machines around me. But the glow is snuffed out. It’s all gone.
She kicks me hard in the ribs and robs the air from my lungs. I don’t retaliate. They cuff and lift me, dragging my bruised and aching legs carelessly over the white ground, jamming me into the belly of a tank, painfully squished and bouncing against the interior.
None of the soldiers speak to me. The ride back across the airfield is endless. I’m transferred quickly from the tank to a prison holding cell deep underground. No one comes for me for hours. I don’t attempt to wave Scarlett or Rabbit or the Rosas or anyone else. Communication would implicate them in my attack on the base.
The single piece of furniture in the cell, a hard metal bench, bites painfully into my flesh. After hours of no movement, I get up to stretch my legs and walk the confines of the cell. It’s metal and concrete with a single pane of glass on the door, showing me nothing but the deep grey of darkness. I sleep for a while. All my dreams are nightmares. I can’t remember them though the taste of fear lingers thick on my tongue.
Upon waking, I stare at the unforgiving walls of the cell. Wishing, still wishing the soldier had pulled that trigger. Wondering why, with the power to control machines, I couldn’t make her.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN:
SOLITARY CONFINEMENT
The cell door swings open, and on the other side Dr. Dawson appears. I expected as much. You don’t destroy half of one of the largest bases in the country without attracting Prothero’s attention. I had their attention before that. Now I will undoubtedly suffer their retribution.
Light snaps on behind him and I blink into the brilliance for a moment, so his long white coat and crisp, shining black loafers only appear as a silhouette standing in front of me. He steps forward into the cell and closes the door behind him as if he doesn’t possess a care in the world.
My thoughts drift over him, scanning for signs of tech. He is a wasteland of technology and it doesn’t matter because I can’t do what I want with it anyway. I haven’t generated a single spark from my band since I was captured. And I’ve tried.
Dr. Dawson doesn’t sit down and make himself comfortable in the cramped cell. He remains standing and with no particular inflection asks if I want to go on a walk. I nod. He steps into the hallway and I shuffle out in front him. Before we proceed forward, a soldier shackles my legs and arms. We move down the hall, the chains rubbing and tinkling like church bells in the tombed silence.
“You’re adjusting well to the new implant,” Dr. Dawson says.
“It’s better than the other.” My raw voice croaks out of my smoke damaged throat. I sound older. Different. I don’t recognize myself. “Makes me look more like what I am.”
“And what’s that?”
“A monster.”
He blinks.
“You didn’t come here to talk about my eye, Doctor.”
“You’re in very serious trouble, Eleni. The magnitude of which you don’t fully comprehend,” he says. “You never do understand the consequences of your actions.”
We reach the end of the hallway and turn around, heading in the opposite direction.
“What’s happening to me?” I ask. I want to hear the truth from him. He owes me that much.
For the first time since he opened the cell door, Dr. Dawson really looks at me. He stops in his tracks, pausing his long, healthy strides and drinks in my crushed spirit, my dull demeanor. I stare back at him, secure in the information gained from the Rosas.
“You’re dying.”
“Oh is that all?” the new Eleni voice asks. It lets out a smoky chuckle sounding as cool as the chains around my feet. “Wouldn’t be the first time.”
“You’re coming back to the lab in Washington DC.”
“I don’t want to go,” I say, taking a step back. The scrambling anxiety which compelled my recent escape attempt slams through me.
“You don’t want to stay here. You were fortunate enough not to kill anyone with your antics yesterday, but officers were wounded in the chaos. It will take the base months and upwards of a billion dollars to recover. The military brass is supremely displeased.”
His words are tinged with sour amusement.
“They would love to punish and make an example of you. I can’t let that happen. Returning to the lab is not a choice. You are in danger out here. You are a danger to yourself and a danger to those around you. Not only because of your poor decision making, but because you are harboring an infectious disease. Prothero invested too much time, energy, and a substantial amount of money in your recovery,” Dr. Dawson reminds me, a hint of annoyance underlying his statement. “Are you aware of what’s keeping you alive Eleni? I mean, besides me?”
“Nano suppressants? Artificial organs?”
I hate all his questions. I hate him.
“Ok, besides those. Whatever disease you contain in there.” He points at my right temple, “and whatever lurks under here too.” He runs a perfectly manicured, sculpted finger down the length of my arm, a desire radiating along with it. Not a sexual desire. No. It’s far more sinister.
“What is it?” I ask in my old voice, feeling more like myself.
“If I knew the precise answer to that question, you wouldn’t be here. Or anywhere. You’d probably be dead.”
Goosebumps trickle down my spine.
“I didn’t kill anyone.”
“You blew up two federal buildings!” Frustration breaks his neatly sculpted facade and I step back away from him, stunned. “Two military buildings. Ten Condors, nearly the entire fleet. Seven defense cannons. 36 wounded soldiers. All military operations in this sector suspended for over 24 hours because of security protocols. It took all the political power I possess to keep them from court-martialing and executing you. Where were you going?” He grabs my shoulders, the right one stiff from being pulled out of its socket, and shakes me angrily, “What were you thinking?”
“I was trying to escape.”
“Where could you possibly go where we wouldn’t find you?”
My mind reels out over the miles of ground I would need to cover to get to my true destination and bumps against a Santiago shaped roadblock. There is a good answer and I owe Rabbit for it.
“The Space and Aeronautics Institute. In Georgia. They take resident applications there. They recruit promising aeronautics specialists from national service bases all over the country. You said there were no other choices Doctor. You forgot to mention that one.”
“Eleni—”
“Don’t Eleni me! You said I had choices but you left me here to die. Until it was convenient for you to come back. I don’t want your eye. I don’t want your excuses. You should let them kill me!” my creaking, smoke stained voice breaks on the last sentence.
“I can’t do that.”
“Then I’ll kill myself.”
“I can’t let you do that either. You made your choices and now you’ll have to live with them.”
“You did this to me. You made me into this.”
“I saved your life. You’re welcome.”
“I hate you.”
“I’m sure you do. I’m so sorry to burst your self-absorbed bubble, Ms. Garza, but things are difficult for you because you create complications. If you wanted a calm and easy existence, you wouldn’t fight with fellow residents, steal inoculations, and blow up buildings when things don’t go your way. You’re an adult now and you need to act like one.”
“You first.”
“A stunning example of your maturity. Do you mull things over before you say or do them? Honestly, is there any long term strategy rattling around in that brain of yours?”
I shrug, looking away. Plan B had seemed pretty solid.
Until it wasn’t.
“Look, I would love to stand here all day mincing words with a reckless, violent teenager, but fortunately more pressing matters demand my attention on the eastern seaboard. No more arguments to the contrary.”
“We’re leaving the base,” I say, my voice warbling.
Dr. Dawson nods. “I’m sorry you felt you had nothing to lose. I’m sorry you wasted what little opportunity you had at normalcy by acting on a ridiculous impulse. If you can stand to curb your selfish desires for a moment, you might consider how studying this virus and developing a cure could benefit others. Humanity will gain much from your cooperation. We need you, Eleni.”
I drop my head, my shoulder sagging with the weight of his supplications. The cuffs, the shackles are a hundred pounds each.
“Try not to look so tortured.”
“At least not yet,” I mutter. He ignores this comment.
“These officers will escort you to the barracks. You may gather one pack full of belongings. I’ll collect you in an hour.” He whirls on his heels, exiting the hallway through a side door.
I’m left with the stoic guards, their pistols poised to shoot my artificial heart at the sign of any offensive gesture.
Traveling across the base to the Academy campus is similar to the tank ride from the crashed helo. Only with less claustrophobic bouncing, much more stony silence and not-so-subtle glares from the soldiers assigned to protect me. I’ve already been kicked in the ass, tripped and spit on. And that was just the transfer from the military prison to the hovercar.
At the barracks I shove my pathetic personal belongings in a duffel bag and consider dumping my off-duty clothes in as well, but likely Prothero will have a lab uniform for me. I retrieve the tin from under the bed, stroking my fingers over the Arabic symbols. My father bought this from a street vendor in Afghanistan. He gave it to me for my thirteenth birthday. It’s followed me around the world. It followed the first time my world fell apart. It followed me here where I started to put my world back together.
And now it’s all broken again.
Nobody shows up. No Scarlett or Rabbit or Emanuelle or Emilia will burst through the doors. No one will embrace me and not let me go because I will never see them again. I should have said goodbye. I should have appreciated them more. The whole time I thought it was the worst thing to be here at Fort Columbia. And now I know there is a much worse fate awaiting me. No matter how nicely Dr. Dawson wants to coat it.
I’m going to spend the rest of my life hooked to machines, drained of any joy or any semblance of humanity. No Scarlett whining about runny eggs. No Rabbit kissing me in the dark. No Rosas with their endless medical banter.
The tin box I leave out. I leave it behind. I’s too dangerous to travel with. It’s stupid to keep it. It’s stupid to cling to the ghost of Mateo. Stupid to risk everything for nothing.
Dr. Dawson’s words tumble over me: I’m sorry you thought you had nothing to lose.
I had everything to lose. I had Rabbit’s promise wrapped around my wrist and I chose nothing instead. Plan B was nothing. I drop the rosary off my wrist and lay it on top of the tin. The coin necklace along with it. Where I’m going, those belongings will only cause trouble.
We’re flown to the building that houses the only telepad in a seven-hundred-mile radius. I’ve never used one before. I’m instructed to disrobe and step onto a huge platform, in the middle of a giant circle ringed with incandescent tubes. Silver rays of light slip down from the ceiling, scanning me.
“Non-organic material detected. Please override,” the comforting computer voice requests.
I glance up and around the warehouse to the control room behind me. An uneasy feeling burrows in my guts. The circular stand reminds me too much of the nightmare orb eye.
“Override accepted. Telepad charge: phase one. Please remain still.”
My body trembles. I keep a steady, leveling gaze on Dr. Dawson while white lanterns of luminescence shoot up all around me, accompanied by a hum gaining in volume and intensity. He watches me curiously, as if observing a scientific experiment and making mental notations. This is how Eleni Garza responds to molecular stimulation in a new environment. This is how Eleni Garza responds to emotional manipulation in familiar settings.
“Telepad charge: phase two. Please remain still.”
I wonder if it will hurt when my cells unhinge and reform on the other side. I wonder if I will vanish into space, instead of traveling to the connecting telepad at the Washington DC base. I want to reach out with the new digital languages I learned, but the power is more immense here than any technology I’ve ever touched.
“Telepad charge: phase three. Have a safe flight.”
The telepad engines surge to life. The surrounding radiance distorts, fragmenting into swirling shapes and patterns of light. Static electricity builds in my pores, rolling into my veins and dancing up my arms. I’m a charging battery. I’m a machine coming back online after a temporary disruption.
Everything goes black.

Dr. Dawson clamps a second band around my right wrist before I even have a chance to dress. Despite my vulnerability, I try to discern where the device snaps together like the older models, but it’s impossible to tell. Once the metal shrinks and the ends click together, there is no break. It must be an optical illusion like the virtuals. A latch exists somewhere on the device, but it’s obscured.
The code to hack the bands is buried somewhere here in the recesses of Prothero’s archives. And I’ll have plenty of time to ferret it out. I don’t bother questioning the second band because Dawson rarely provides answers. It’s a security precaution, I’m sure. Part of the politicking he endured to secure my release from Fort Columbia’s prison. Besides, I’m sitting naked on a cold metal chair where I’ve been instructed to remain until further notice, after recently transporting thousands of miles across the continent. I want nothing more than to put on clothes.
I dress in the standard Prothero lab uniform behind a screen, desperately missing my comfortable hooded sweatshirt but grateful to be clothed again.
Dawson escorts me to the new quarters, which look a lot like the old quarters. They’re all the same quarters, basically. The hospital room, the barracks at the base. Each one sterile and soul-less with cameras and discomfort hidden in the walls. I throw my duffel on the bed and sit down in a huff. Dawson watches from the doorway.
“Eleni—” he begins with his smug, reassuring delivery and I hate the way he says my name.
“What do you want?”
I will tear out my hair if he says one more thing. He’s either oblivious to my impending bout of insanity, or he doesn’t care.
“Nothing, we’ll talk in the morning. Get some rest.” The lights fade to black and he shuts the door. A locking mechanism hums and clicks into place. Alone in the dark, I pick up the duffel bag and dump the contents out. In the rush of packing I’d grabbed up half a Salt cigarette and it tumbles onto the clean white sheet.
A cloudy image of Scarlett drifts across the atmosphere of my mind. Scarlett sunning herself on a beach near the Columbia River, wearing nothing but her bra and panties, sand dappling her thighs. Scar drinking from a dark bottle. Scar passing me a cigarette with a goofy grin. Scar with the bridge of her nose sprinkled with freckles only visible with the precise amount of sun. Too much and her tender pale skin burns.
I reach for the coin necklace. My fingers close around empty air where it used to be. Oh right, it’s gone. I left it at Fort Columbia. The last time I gave away the tin and the key to someone, I never saw that person again. Then my parents died and Prothero bought and sold me. My fingers dive into my meager pile of belongings, curling into claws of rage. I grab a scrapbook filled with clippings of funeral services I don’t remember attending and fling at the heavy metal door. It hits with a dull thud and memories I don’t want to be reminded of explode out of the book in a shower of pages.
“Take me back!”
I run to the door and pound on it. “I want to go back!”
The bands heat around my wrists. Too hot. White hot. They sear my skin and electrical charges course up my arms. This isn’t the mild itching sensation of the nanos. This is a fierce and cruel power, emanating from an outside source. I can’t harness it or absorb its energy. It’s a dead power that ignores my impassioned pleas. From nowhere, from the walls or the ceiling or the bed or my own brain, Dr. Dawson’s irritated voice materializes, impossible to ignore.
“You’re a bit old for temper tantrums.”
“What are you doing?” I stumble backwards, cradling my arms to my chest.
“You’re not on some podunk military base anymore. You’re in the middle of a Prothero compound equipped with the most advanced technology humanity has to offer. We’ve seen what you can do, and we prepared ourselves accordingly. You’ll need to mind your manners here.”
I crawl over to the bed and hoist myself up onto it, not bothering with the covers. I sleep curled up in a ball on top of the sheets. It’s the best sleep I’ve had in weeks, like falling forever into an inky black night.

The next morning Dr. Dawson arrives with a flurry. Lights buzz on overhead, he throws back curtains to reveal a barred, heavily glassed window out of which there will be no escape. Trailing him, in a similar lab coat is a thin, severe white woman with jet black hair pulled aggressively into a bun. She collects a blood and tissue sample before I’ve had a chance to rub the sleep out of my eyes. Dr. Dawson paces the room at the end of the bed, his fingers drumming on a tablet curled in one arm.
“First things first. We’re taking samples—”
“I noticed.”
“And then we’re going to review security footage passed along to me by the leadership at Fort Columbia that I found extraordinarily enlightening. Do you want to hazard a guess as to what’s on that footage?” he asks, turning towards me, all his perfect white teeth flashing.
He’s a fox. And I’m a rabbit. Caught and about to be devoured.
“No.”
“Great. We’ll grab some breakfast on the way.”
He stands by my feet, grinning like he’s won a prize. His teeth are so bright, I wonder if he and Senator Fuller use the same dentist.
“Come on, get up!”
I roll off the bed and stumble into the bathroom, twisting the lock on the door to his exclamation of “three minutes!” I splash water on my face and run a brush over my teeth. My hair is wild, straight out of bed, but I don’t give it a second glance. It’s Prothero, not a beauty pageant. There was a time, during the staged events and commercials when my hair was long and straight. Chopping most of it off was one of the best decisions I’ve made in the last three years.
I untwist the lock and Dawson pushes through the door, waving me out of the room. We proceed down a sterile, echoing hallway, making a brief detour to a communal shower room. I run soap and hot water over my bruised, aching body, cleaning and untangling my dirty hair. Dawson stands outside the shower stall, discreetly offering me fresh clothes when I step out wrapped in a thin towel. A Prothero uniform. Breakfast is a tube of creamy green paste collected from a windowed room along the hallway, given to me by a disinterested man dressed in scrubs. We walk while I consume the nutrients and try not to gag.
“Is this part of my prison sentence?”
“In here,” Dr. Dawson says.
A piece of wall slides free from the hallway and opens up into a sterile white conference room. I put a hand up to it as we pass and register a miniscule spike in the energy around the frame. I should have sensed this. My thoughts are so fuzzy here. There is a distraction, a distortion ringing subtly in my ears. It’s all muted.
An image of the shaking nightmare orb blips in my brain. What does it mean?
Dr. Dawson slams his fist down on the table in the middle of the room, startling me from these thoughts. A team of scientists stands against the walls, observing in silence. A virtual player sits in the middle of the long, shining table. The thin woman leans over and presses a button on the device before anyone speaks. The virtual spins up and an image of me in the cockpit of Condor 9 rolls into view. Veins of electricity writhe from my body and astounding, alien code floods the monitors around me.
I watch myself stare like a possessed woman into the cockpit window as the aircraft slams through the fence. The powerful electricity doesn’t phase me as I scramble towards the seats and brace for impact. The next frame clicks to an overhead view of the mid-section of the Condor, where I’m cross-legged on the metal. The first team of soldiers approaches. I electrocute them and they fall to the ground. The screen fuzzes out and goes black.
An exposed nest of spiders scrambles through my insides. The conference room is quiet, bordering on serene. No one shuffles a foot. The white female doctor stands close behind me. Her presence has me on high alert. She hovers with a predatorial air, like a cat who doesn’t want to move too far from her cream.
“We need to determine if you can reproduce the side effects witnessed on this security footage,” Dr. Dawson says.
I blink once, twice, three times, maintaining a flat expression as long as humanly possible.
“You want me to electrocute someone?”
“We need to understand where and how this ability manifested,” Dr. Dawson says.
“Why? Is this more super soldier bullshit?”
I look over at Dawson and then glance around the room. None of the other doctors will meet my gaze.
“That is none of your concern,” the thin woman says.
“It damn well is my concern.” I scoot my chair back, into her, and jump out of my seat. The tabletop virtual console spins to life and the images replay. She doesn’t appear ruffled by my outburst, even as particles of the virtual drift from the image and gather clumsily on my skin, forming into blue honeycomb patterns.
“Arthur,” she says, disinterestedly.
The bands fire up, frying my wrists, and I grimace at Dr. Dawson before reclaiming my seat. The metal cools. My fists clench on the tabletop, the remaining pixels sparkling like diamonds on my forearm. The woman spins the chair I’m sitting in so my face glares up at hers. She favors me with a bored purse of her thin red lips.
“Let me be clear when I say, you may be invincible for the time being, but you are not untouchable. No one is. And your unreserved cooperation is fully expected. That is not a request. That is an order. Testing will begin tomorrow morning at 9am sharp. We’re done here, Arthur. Unless you want to add any further information?”
“Ah, no.”
“Wonderful. You are all dismissed.”
Reznik waves the virtual away and stalks from the room on five-inch black heels. The rest of the doctors file out after her, forming one line of white coats punctuated by more white. Dr. Dawson and I are left alone in the eerie boardroom as the door whooshes shut on unseen hinges.
“So, that went well. Is that woman your boss?”
“She is a…liaison from another department. Her name is Pavel Reznik and she’s been brought in to oversee our investigation. Eleni—”
“Am I on trial?”
“In a sense. Listen to me carefully. I've tolerated your flippancy because I’m the good cop here, despite what you may think of me. I’m your ally and friend. I can make things go easy for you. Reznik…she is the bad cop in this scenario. She’s a very bad cop, Eleni.”
“She does seem like a horrendous bitch.”
“Go up against her, and it will hurt. You will not win.”
“Never do.”
“And yet you keep trying. It’s an admirable trait.” He smiles over at me. A genuine smile.
“Really? I’ve heard it’s lethal.”
“Against Reznik, perhaps. For both of our sakes, complete cooperation is going to be the best solution for the moment. It will keep you alive.”
“Reznik’s not a doctor?”’
“Not on any paperwork I’ve seen,” he muses. “Regardless, more samples must be collected before preparing tomorrow’s tests.”
“Dr. Dawson?” I ask, glancing down at the shimmering pixels, twinkling on my arm. He looks at them as well, with more than a passing fascination. “What do you want from me?”
I’m forever asking this question. And never getting a straight answer. It should be so simple. This is probably why I have trust issues.
“I want you to pass these tests. And then I want to take you somewhere safe,” he says, steepling his fingers on the table. “Somewhere Prothero can’t hurt you.”
The metal heart flutters in my chest. “The space and aeronautics institute?”
“No.” He shakes his head. “That is off the table. Permanently. I want to take you somewhere different. Somewhere better. Where there are people like you.”
“People like me?” my voice trembles. The nanos on my skin shudder and pulse.
“But first, pass the tests,” Dawson says.

Dr. Dawson begins with simple tasks this morning, asking me to arrange an image on the virtual. But, like the last six days of testing, nothing happens. My numb body won't respond. It’s filled with all the desolation of a week trapped in Prothero’s clutches while the world goes on without me. Matty edges closer to death. The Contras move towards instigating war. Everything about my previous life sits in shambles and Dawson wants me to create something from the desolation. I can’t make something from nothing.
Dr. Dawson clicks his display. Classical music barrels into the room from the invisible speakers buried in the walls. It’s pleasant and soothing, a lilting combination of piano and strings. A virtual thrums to life from the left band. It’s the image from the lime tree, the one featuring a Mateo-Rabbit hybrid embracing me. We’ve been here before. But that’s as far as it will go. That’s as far as it ever goes.
“Good, Eleni. Now, can you manipulate it?” Dawson requests, doing his best to mask his eagerness with calm.
I do try. I send my mind out to touch the scene, transform it with my thoughts. Nothing results from these attempts. I reach out, my fingers swiping cleanly through the image. No magnetic attraction or static sparks. The lights above us briefly dim. Then, more nothing. Failure fills the space between us with awkward and tense silence.
“I’m sorry,” I murmur.
“But you’ve done this before,” Dawson insists. It’s not a question. It’s a request.
I nod, pressing the heel of my hand against my temple.
“Perhaps you need rest. You’ve had a stressful week. Let’s try again later,” Dr. Dawson concedes.

The next fourteen days happen exactly the same. Three weeks of the same blurring sameness. Tests are performed to draw out the virtual response and I fail them miserably. Dr. Dawson labors under a constantly fading hope that I mentally hid the ability to control the powers and he need only enter the right sequence of tests to unlock the secret. It’s tiresome but at the same time I’m grateful to be alive. Though I’m not sure how much longer Reznik will allow this oversight.
Every day Dr. Dawson looks a bit more strained, our tests feel that much more desperate, and I spy one or two grey hairs pop up in his expertly trimmed beard.
The only positive side effect of the experimentations is the chance to engage in eastern meditation every day. Dawson believes meditation and yoga will help foster a stronger mind-body connection, giving me greater control over the abilities. I’ve gotten quite good at entering a trance state and sending my mind reeling outside of itself. It’s improved my hacking abilities, but failed to produce any gains in the virtual manipulation department.
With my mental hacking strengthened, I’ve quietly accessed Prothero databases, amassing a stockpile of information around particularly distressing subjects. The first being the bands and the mysterious technology surrounding Prothero. I’m looking for unusual electrical readings from the city records, any whisperings of noises or odors coming from the lab. This is as much of a dead-end as I imagined it would be, but it doesn’t stop me from flagging and absorbing any relevant information.
The second subject is The Fullers. Senator Edmund and Clinton—there isn’t much exciting information to collect aside from rumors that Edmund Fuller engaged in affairs with high profile virtual movie stars. Clinton, despite showing a strength for business management, has not made any educational or political gains in the last two years since being accepted into the program at Fort Columbia.
There is no mention of the skirmish in the SIM between us, or his expulsion from the National Service Academy. All records indicate he is enrolled, scheduled to graduate this June and his military career is on track. There are no recent images of him on social media. He hasn’t updated or added any new content to his wave profile in weeks. My curiosity regarding his whereabouts is piqued, but nothing else comes from the research.
And third, last but not least, I’m scouting out all the information available around different strains of NV. I don’t trust what Prothero told me. They want to keep me weak and submissive. In a peculiar move, Prothero hasn’t silenced the newsgroups on the subject of nano virus mutations within the former United States, though as Mateo indicated, there are no reports of new strains in Mexico City.
I’m able to put together a map of the locations it’s cropped up across the country. So far, it’s been confined to this continent, and mostly in the original Southern states. Mississippi and Louisiana were hit especially hard, and my heart spins out to Scarlett, wishing I could bypass all the security measures and assure her I’m alive. The information I gather is scant, and not enough to draw any conclusions. Clinton is alive somewhere, Prothero possesses immense technological power and nefarious plans to re-introduce a stronger variant of the virus to the population. For what purpose, I cannot fathom.

After another two weeks of failed progress and a steady increase of the headaches, I am summoned by Dr. Dawson and escorted to the room with the sliding wall and virtual monitor. Or maybe it’s a different room. It’s hard to tell anymore. All that sterile sameness again.
Dawson carries his customary tablet, but doesn’t seem interested in peering into its contents as he usually does. He’s seated at the table, staring at an empty spot on the wall, one set of fingers drumming on the metal and his other hand laying dormant on his beard. His nails are expertly manicured. His beard groomed to perfection. He looks like a supermodel posing in the middle of a fashion shoot. It takes a lot of money and power to look so effortlessly attractive.
“Take a seat, Eleni.”
I do as requested and occupy a chair across from him. He doesn’t look at me. A bad sign.
“I received a wave from Reznik this morning. Prothero leadership is not happy. Unless I produce results within the next three days, they will reassign me, and Pavel will take over, steering the direction of the testing,” he says.
“I don’t like the sound of that.”
“Neither do I. I’m afraid I’ve done everything in my power to coerce a display of your new abilities. Including threatening you with death,” he says.
“That was my personal favorite.”
Dawson lets out an explosive sigh and clenches his fingers as I imagine he might if they were tightening around my neck. Jokes are a lost cause today.
“The lack of progress left me with a lot of free time. I reviewed more security footage from the last month. It gave me an idea.”
“Oh,” is the only response I muster.
Avoiding my gaze, he leans over and clicks on the virtual.
The first image materializes as an overhead angle of Scarlett and I studying together the night the virtual thrummed to life of its own accord, the first time I realized I could manipulate them. This fades from view and the next scene portrays Rabbit and I perched high on a building in the SIM, piloting our drones and arguing heatedly, then us sitting on the bleachers together with all the intimacy of two lovers. The Rosas, Scarlett, and I sharing breakfast together. The Rosas and I exiting the cafeteria on our way to field exercises.
The coppery taste of medicine and breakfast gruel turns to ashes on my tongue. My lips won’t move to speak. Dr. Dawson politely fills the silence.
“Eleni. You are not interested in your own welfare, in preserving your own life by putting your focus on the tasks Reznik and I outlined for you. If we can’t convince you to cooperate for your own sake, I urge you to consider your friends.”
He clicks a button on the table and the virtuals grow larger, filling the emptiness of the room with the flesh and blood images of the people I’ve left behind in the pursuit of Mateo and the Contras. Another button makes the image pulse, die away and come flourishing back with my friends now featured in ominous locations. Scarlett, Rabbit and the Rosas sit in individual prison cells, in the sparse loneliness of solitary confinement.
“That’s not true,” I whisper, reaching out to Scarlett, the glimmering pixels pulling away from the image and absorbing into me. “You didn’t—you didn’t do this to them.”
“Not yet. But I can make this happen. And worse. I don’t want to do this Eleni. I’m a scientist, not a soldier. Not someone bent on bloodlust. But you and Reznik put me in a difficult position.” He shrugs and meets my gaze. I believe him. I believe he doesn’t want this.
“What can I do?” I ask, fear leaching into me as more light shifts from the virtual and into my skin.
“You’re already doing it,” Dr. Dawson answers, gesturing to the light transfer.
New images twist into the virtual. From Dawson. From my own mind. Scarlett strapped to a hospital bed. Rabbit beaten by a prison guard. The Rosas with sunken cheeks.
“No.” I shudder. The pixels pick up speed, pouring from the images and polluting the room with light until I no longer see Dr. Dawson five feet from me.
“Eleni!” he says sharply, fear and excitement tinging his voice.
The virtual blurs, flickers, and spills forth more horrors. Scarlett with her stomach blown open on a nameless, desolate battlefield. Rabbit drifting lifeless into space, arms outstretched reaching for the handle of a spacecraft he will never be able to reach. The Rosas in a Prothero lab collapsing to the floor, dark veins bursting on their skin and black blood pouring from their ears and eyes.
“No!”
A burst of electricity erupts in the room. The bulbs in the ceiling shatter, raining glass down on the white tile floor. The virtual grows until the irradiation engulfs us both. We are inside the pixels, they are crawling angry ants biting into me with tiny pincers. Burrowing inside and creating an exoskeleton of my flesh.
Dawson regains his faculties, scalding me with the bands. The virtual splendor blinks out, taking most of the light in the room with it. The pain around my wrists grows so overwhelming I collapse onto the chair. Dr. Dawson approaches me in the dim. His band illuminates and sparks strangely against the lens of his glasses, which I suspect he wears for professional stature, rather than functionality. He steps towards the chair where I sit, bumping against my legs, reaching out blindly.
“I’m right here,” I say.
“I can’t see you.” He touches the top of my head.
I shrug away from him.
“What do you mean?”
“You disappeared.”
“That’s impossible.”
“Eleni, everything about you is impossible.” He takes another step forward.
I roll the chair backwards. Dawson blinks in surprise. He moves both arms in front of him, like a mummy stalking its victim, fingers reaching into the empty space between us. I look down at my body. And he’s right. The pixels implanted themselves in my pores and I’m invisible, wrapped up in a cloak of nanos, reflecting the light and images around me.
“My God,” Dr. Dawson says, patting my knee. “Do you know what this means?”
It’s a rhetorical question I don’t bother answering. It means more tests. It means if I don’t pass them, my friends will die. I lean over the table and rest my pounding head against the crisp metal. There are no good options for me here.
“Do you know what this means?” he asks again, and it’s not directed at me. No doubt Reznik watches and listens somewhere in the walls. And has been watching and listening the last five weeks.
I say nothing more, cradling my seared wrists in my lap, willing the hurt away.
“Your emotional state is the source of your abilities. You’ve displayed another symptom of the mutation. Thus far we’ve seen virtual manipulation, control over electrical impulses, and this would be an ability to manifest photothermal deflection.”
“That isn’t even a real thing,” I say. “You just made it up.”
“You made it up. You made photothermal deflection a real thing. What you just did is the perfect example of what I was hoping to see. What I know you are capable of. We’re done with testing for the moment, but I’d like you to remain here. I’ll need to speak with you shortly.”
He exits the room as if it’s on fire. He leaves in such a hurry, his tablet lays forgotten on the metal table. I tilt it towards me, pick up a pen and sketch the loose, angular outline of Rabbit Santiago. Not Mateo with Rabbit’s appearance. Not the lime tree. I draw Rabbit and I miss him so much, my metal heart aches.
I should have stayed. I should have kissed him longer and stayed. I don’t want to be his friend. I want to be more than just his friend. And now, it doesn’t matter anymore. I will likely never see him again.
I turn music on over the virtual wave and relax my mind. I fill in the raw umber color of Rabbit’s eyes. Minutes tick by. My physical connection to the tablet allows me full entry to all the information collected in it. To the databases it’s connected to. A heaviness spreads over me as I tune out my real vision and concentrate on an inner image, the shapes and data streams flowing past my subconscious. I move between files and folders like skipping stones over the water. I glide into private documents and peer around.
In real life, in the physical world, I’m vaguely aware of my eyes twitching and my fingers still attending to the coloring and shading of Rabbit. The little crescent moon scar on his cheek. His bushy, frowny eyebrows. The lilt of his lips. Internally, I am miles away, buried deep in the hard drive of the tablet, ferreting out the facts I need to free myself from Prothero.
When I reach the file folder with the band schematics for the fourth gen device in it, the virtual projection clicks on, displaying the tin box. It rotates in the lighted pixels, so the cameras in the room survey it from all angles. This is how it’s going to be? If I want to get the band schematics, I need to give up my secrets. Otherwise, we both keep our boxes locked.
I test and probe at the file, running my virtual fingers along its spine, trying to find the invisible connection of the moon and stars where I could insert a coin and bust the whole thing wide open. The folder and the virtual image shiver for a moment. As I crack open the document and content pours out, the virtual tin lid lifts slightly, the red silk interior gaping out for all the world to see. For the monitors hidden in the room to capture.
If I want something I’ve never had before, I’m going to do something I’ve never done. I push forward, bullying my way into the file, the lid of the tin bursting open and revealing the stack of letters from Matty. The file rips like the hem of a shirt and I reach my hand inside, grabbing like a greedy animal at the data it contains. These are the fourth gen schematics. These are what I need to rid myself of the band technology and escape.
I finally get what I wanted, and never received, from my terrorist boyfriend. I finally get the freedom I’ve been fighting for. It only takes exposing him and the Contras. I hope all the time I did, all the time I will do, all my years in Prothero prisons are worth it in the end. Matty, holding me hostage in these walls so I could feed him information. I hope it’s worth it, revealing our secrets in order to free myself. The virtual projection zooms in on the top letter in the pile, a series of numbers written on hemp paper. Scribbled at the bottom, With Love, the Matador.
I drop the pen and the virtual flickers away, along with my tenuous mental grasp on the folder containing the band schematics. What little I manage to hold onto is more precious than any other item I’ve clung to this far. The band schematics are in my possession now and there is nothing the Contras or Matty can do to stop me using them. I attempt to re-open the file to unshackle myself. It is locked.
OK, so maybe Prothero can stop me for a little while longer. This is a small hiccup, but not insurmountable. I’ll need a code to crack the file open and review its contents. I flick on my band and select a cryptanalysis application to run in the background, on a remote server at Fort Columbia I tapped for such purposes. The encrypted and blocked signal should be masked from Prothero. Should be. I don’t comprehend the entire depth and breadth of tech here. It’s more powerful than anything I’ve felt, but there is comfort in realizing that an all-seeing eye can only see so much. There will always be cracks to slip into. There will always be weak points to exploit because no system is guaranteed. Technology is more fallible than most people.
The downside on my end, there is no telling how long the decoding program will take to run its course or if Prothero security will sniff it out. I’m going to try. After the developments of today, I want out of here so badly I taste it in my mouth. It doesn’t taste like copper. It doesn’t taste like limes either. It’s the scent of cinnamon and the tang of bleach.
I can’t stay here at the lab. They’re turning me into a monster. An invisible, duplicitous monster. Every new ability development feels worse, more sinister than the last. I am Dawson’s monster and I want to be free.
How do I get free? Really, truly free?
An hour staggers by and Dr. Dawson returns as abruptly as he left, arriving with a host of other Doctors and scientists at his heels, including Reznik. The Doctors silently seat themselves in a row of chairs behind Dawson. My pulse quickens. I sit up straight, about to click the erase button on the tablet when Dawson scoops it up, examining the image of Rabbit Santiago for a moment, stroking his beard contemplatively. The calculating look in his eyes swells like the scream I stifle in my throat. Don’t look at him. Don’t you dare look at him.
“Eleni, I want to thank you for all your hard work and progress so far. Your service to this country and the Prothero community is commendable, as always.”
I hold back a contemptuous snort. As if I’d volunteered for testing out of intrinsic motivation to benefit their cause. I cooperated to shield my friends from harm. I say nothing. I don’t even look up and meet his gaze.
“After examining the latest manifestations of your ability, the team and I decided you should be remanded to another facility. An institution not unlike the National Service Academy, and you will find the others there possess aptitudes similar to yours. The Kinetics Educational Research Institute, KERN, maintains special housing and a whole different system of training. There is a former resident from Fort Columbia headed there, so you’ll feel right at home,” Dr. Dawson says encouragingly.
“Resident from Fort Columbia?” I echo.
“Ah yes, you know him,” Reznik smiles. “He was on your simulation combat unit, I believe.”
Clinton Fuller. He vanished mysteriously. My blood on his hands. Maybe I infected him. Changed him. How is that possible? I’d never seen him taking nano suppressants and he had no visible implants. There was the electricity between our bands, when my abilities first manifested. The white sparks between Clinton and I. Is he…like me?
“Clinton,” is what I manage to choke out. “Clinton Fuller.”
“The name sounds familiar,” Reznik coos. “But I couldn’t really say. Either way, we are preparing for a trip. You’ll remain here for another four weeks to continue testing the range of your abilities before KERN takes over your training. Dr. Dawson has agreed, under a certain amount of duress, to allow me access to you during that time. I hope you’ve enjoyed the rest and relaxation of the last few months, Eleni. Things are about to become much more…uncomfortable.”
Her sneer widens to produce dagger-like teeth. All the angles of her countenance are pointed, hardened, and white. She’s a hollow marble statue filled with evil. And I’m going to suffer under her direction. My stomach lurches but I contort my facial features into a vacant expression. She won’t see me crack. I won’t expose anymore weakness to her.
“My testing will begin this afternoon. I hope you’re prepared,” Reznik says, directing the doctors from the room with a flick of her wrist.
The door behind me opens. Two armed guards enter. I turn to leave with them and cast an anxious glance over my shoulder at Dawson. He smiles reassuringly, which only increases my nerves. The silence in the hall drones out all coherent thought. The guards escort me through a series of interconnecting hallways and I follow with leaden feet.
One of the doorways dumps out into an open-air courtyard somehow hidden in the glass, concrete, and stone. It’s the first taste of outdoors and freedom I’ve had in weeks. I stop walking, momentarily stunned, and the guards pause with me. I deeply inhale the chill dampness, the scent of wet soil filling my nostrils. I turn in a drowsy circle to savor the image of deadened winter trees and dormant grass. They are close. They are ready to burst to life.
I understand that feeling.
As I appreciate the natural scenery, one of the guards, Iroh, offers a loose, fleeting smile. It reminds me of Rabbit and my heart twists. I’ve noticed him before, he’s on the regular afternoon escort duty. He has jet black hair, almond shaped grey eyes, and skin as dark as mine.
“Been a while?” he asks in a friendly tone.
“Been awhile.”
A bird zips down from the grey sky and descends on a branch near our heads, calling out with a hoarse song. Chastising completed, the blackbird lifts off and swoops back up into the swollen rain clouds.
“Come on, keep moving,” the other guard, Zapata, says.
“Just another minute,” Iroh says.
“Whatever.”
“It’s not all bad,” Iroh directs his comment to me.
“No?” I ask, tearing my gaze away from the sky.
“Not all of it. There’s hope.” He points towards the sky and I see, barely visible inside the cuff of his stiff, starched Prothero uniform…I see the curve of a brown rosary bead and the glint of a red cross.
Rabbit’s bracelet. What did he say? What did he tell me?
Hope. If you believe in hope. Hope, that dangerous thing.
I do. I have to.
It’s the only way I’m getting out of here.
I restrain myself from embracing Iroh and slam my gaping mouth closed to avoid the suspicion of Zapata, who looks irritable at lingering in the courtyard. Iroh drops his arm and the rosary disappears into the fold of his sleeve. He captures my gaze for a brief moment, winks, and indicates with a tilt of his head we should move on. He leads the way with Zapata close at my heels. I’m boxed in between them again, but these brief moments breathing with fresh lungs have awoken me.
I will endure Reznik’s tortures, but I won’t go to a new facility. I won’t strap myself into Prothero’s inoculation assembly line. No matter how prettily Dr. Dawson paints it. I’m not going.
Not without a fight.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN:
PHOTOTHERMAL DEFLECTION
A kinetic knife slashes towards my head and I lunge backwards to avoid it. I don’t put enough distance between the weapon and my upper right cheek. A stinging cut appears. I touch it, pulling away a liquid substance composed of blood and twinkling nanos. Dread overwhelms me but there’s no time to think. The Contra returns to administer another stab aimed for my belly.
I sweep kick his legs out from under him and disarm the knife in the same motion. Glancing down into his surprised face, I’m horrified for the millionth time at his similarity to Rabbit. Dawson and Reznik took detailed notes. They even got the little crescent shaped scar on his cheek right.
The knife sparks as my fingers close around its handle and the electricity agitates the SIM, cracking it apart into tiny pixels, falling like a fine dust to the ground. Goodbye Rabbit. I’ve killed so many Contra clones resembling him the last three days, doing so registers only a minor emotional blip on the radar. Something akin to the guilt of squashing a spider or crushing a mouse in a trap.
Reznik, perched in the glass control room located on the right wall of the SIM building, announces over the intercom system, “Well done.”
I am deeply uneasy about any praise from this woman.
“Let’s try another. Harder this time. Defensive cloaking instead of offensive combat.”
I wipe at the blood on my cheek. The wound has completely healed, stitched back together by the helpful nanos. A week ago Reznik increased the dosage of the new injectors and nosebleeds are back with a vengeance. I found dark tinted blood trickling from my ear an hour ago. The blood smells acrid, weird. I glare up at her glass cage, considering how easy it would be to burst all the electrical components in there and fry her to a crisp.
As if sensing my desire to expend a little excess energy she says, “I’m setting the intensity to twelve. Cloaking please.”
I close my eyes and take a seat on the ground, crossing my legs. Despite their insistence a heightened emotional state is the only conduit to access the tech abilities, I’ve found the best way to commune with the nanites is with a calm and otherwise emptied out mind.
It turns out Dr. Dawson’s meditation practice was valuable after all. A few minutes go by and I open my eyes again to see the honeycombed nanos rolling up and over me. Swimming up my bloodstream and out of my pores, forming a protective layer and bending the light around my clothing and skin. All other imagery that might betray my whereabouts is masked, except for the outline of the bands. Reznik and Dawson don’t want to lose me in the SIM while I’m invisible. I could slip right out of their grasp.
If only.
A new Contra emerges, rising from the ground, forming and building himself out of the earth. He wields another knife. His sensors pick up a heat signature, but can’t get a visual lock on me so he swings the weapon wildly, blindly. I take a step away to avoid his powerful lunges with the blade. He gets a bit too close and I sidestep his flailing arm, catching it in mine, twisting it backwards and snapping it off at the shoulder. I toss it to the ground at my feet. I kick the stuttering, flailing machine in the ass and it stumbles, falling to its knees and face. It drowns in the fake blood pouring from the gaping wound of its shoulder. I stand there watching, helpless to do anything but kill this Contra clone until Reznik tells me to stop.
I’m tired. My ears ring and head throbs. My stomach rumbles and sweat trickles down the inside of the uniform. The nano cloak is sucking all the energy from me. Moving with the pixel shield is like swimming in thick mud against the current and a strong wind. My arms and legs weigh me down. I’m sinking inside myself.
“Wake up!” Reznik shouts over the intercom. I shake my head firmly and move towards the glass nest, stumbling against the scrub grass and tumbling weeds in the desert scenario she painted for SIM practice.
“Can we take a break? Rest for a minute?”
“In a moment. One more test.” She turns her chair away from the glass wall and walks to the back of the room to adjust dials on the digital monitor. I want to reach through this tech and crush her bones in my fists, but I resist the urge.
Overhead, thunder rumbles in the sky and storm clouds form, interrupting the beginning of whatever new scenario Reznik was planning. She turns abruptly and stalks over to watch. Raindrops fall, peppering the parched earth and landing on my nano infused skin. The cloak fizzles out. Lightning crackles against the dirt near me. I catch drops of simulated water in my palm and tilt my head up at Reznik. The rain pours down in a deluge, drenching my clothes, turning the fake desert dust into a stew of mud.
I twist my right hand in a lazy gesture, beckoning the soil to move. Beneath my feet the earth boils and solidifies in a circle, lifting into the air in a tall column with me atop it. The rock scales higher, stacking new layers of false earth until I reach the glass nest and stand facing Reznik.
I favor her with a ghastly leer. Her teeth set on edge and a grey pallor falls across her features. This is not the Eleni Garza she wants in her SIMs.
“I’m strong in here,” I whisper through the glass. She can’t hear me over the cannon boom of the thunder or see my mouth moving in the sheets of rain. I inch the earth column closer to the glass until my nose is nearly pressed against it.
“I’m strong in here,” I repeat again.
I want to be sure she hears me.
“Not as strong as you believe,” she says, her lips straightening in a hard, fierce line.
The bands crackle to life. My wrists burn and knees buckle, a swooning sensation crashes in. I pitch backwards off the earth column and my hands scrabble at empty air. I’m falling too fast and I’m in too much pain to concentrate my thoughts. Whatever is in the bands, whatever power they possess disrupts my abilities. It fries any sense of coherency or concentration right out of me. I hit the desert floor with a thud, knocking the wind out of my lungs. I can’t breathe. The rain pelts me with a few more drops and ceases. My vision blurs, doubles and triples. I push myself up until I’m on all fours but there is no reprieve from the pain. I’m on fire.
Reznik stops the electrocution and my tensed, aching muscles collapse. I land face-down in the mud. The gritty liquid froths down my throat and I cough out a substance looking and tasting sickeningly sweet, like hot chocolate.
“That wasn’t the simulation I had in mind, but it will suffice. You’ve fought your last opponent for the day. Hit the showers,” Reznik sings overhead, voice oozing with satisfaction.
I’m too exhausted to move my head and favor her with a glare. Instead, I lay in the wet dirt, waiting for Zapata and Iroh to come and drag me away. When they finally appear, Reznik is nowhere to be seen. As they pull my filthy, shivering body from the SIM floor, Zapata scoffs and Iroh shakes his head with pity.

The next day is more of the same testing with Reznik, but she doesn’t ask me to cloak. Instead, she wants to abuse my ability to manipulate virtuals, as punishment for defying her yesterday. She asks me to create buildings, parkways, streets, gasoline cars. She does not provide me with a tablet aid, so the mental labor is much more intensive. She orders me to construct entire bustling cities, teeming with people, using only my mind, with the aid of technology—a far more difficult task than tapping into a technological resource for constructs. My body punishes me for these efforts with the now all-too-common nose and ear bleeds.

Today, a new symptom appears. Inky veins swarm up from my arms and across my temple, the tell-tale sign of NV. This much effort could kill me, and she wants me to recognize it. She is not full of hot air and empty promises like Dawson. She enjoys watching me suffer under the weight of these powers.
By the time I finish the city I can barely stand up straight, but she orders me to destroy it anyway. The whole thing took hours to build, but only a moment of blessed, soothing release to render all of my creations into nothingness. That is my lesson for the day and it’s permanently etched in my brain as I stand in the middle of the collapsing city, dust and debris blowing all around me. I’m protected by a shield of nanos—the destruction harmlessly seeping into my skin.
I turned away from the glass nest this session, afraid I’ll attack Reznik if I look up at her horrible visage. When I do turn to catch a fleeting glimpse of her, the nest is empty. No sharp looking woman tracking my every move with her icy stare. Only a vacant console, filled with lonely twinkling lights. I wipe away the final vestiges of the city with a disgusted gesture and move on unsteady feet to the door. It slides open, signaling Zapata and Iroh to initiate the long walk to the sparse white room.
I send a wave to Dr. Dawson on the Prothero frequency, the only person reachable through the restricted systems. In the message I request a meeting. He waves me back within seconds and asks if I’m alright and how he can assist. Is there anything I need? I press him for a chocolate bar, fifteen minutes in a sauna, a pony, and a tablet with a drawing program. Best to throw in a few exotic items so the others appear relatively harmless.
His response reads: I’m sorry Eleni. Due to your abilities and the unpredictably violent tendencies you display, we cannot allow you in the vicinity of tech you could manipulate to hurt others. Or yourself.
The cryptanalysis application has yielded no results thus far. It’s crawling slowly through the code and as each minute ticks by, the feeling of anxiety grows. I’ve got less than a week left and with no expected timeline for when the file will be opened, I’m running out of options. And hope. I need access to Prothero technology to speed up the process. The cryptanalysis is too gradual. I need more power, I need to increase the processing power exponentially. But I have limited access to resources here. I’m cut off from technology.

As if she senses my swelling panic, Reznik increases the training tempo, focusing on the ability to manipulate electricity. I need all of my mental faculties to concentrate on controlling the intensity of the blue glow. Reznik and Dawson coined this ability, “kinetic distortion.” The cloaking is “photothermal deflection.” The virtual creations are “photothermal manipulations.” If only they knew I could talk to the machines as well. I wonder what scientific phrase they would use for that. I doubt any such phrase exists.
In the process of frying two Contras at once with bolts of “kinetic distortion” or what the common folks might refer to as electricity, I trip over my own two feet and collapse in a heap on the ground. It’s another day of being too damned exhausted to move another inch. Reznik’s wintry laughter haunts the SIM, lingering in the air like smoke when Zapata and Iroh arrive to collect me. I make eye contact with Iroh and raise my brows, trying to convey a message without betraying a clue that could be caught on camera. A small frown passes over his face, but he otherwise makes no other indication of understanding my plea.
“This is becoming a sad routine,” Zapata grumbles as they drag my limp frame down the wide, white hallways.
“Let’s at least let her wash off the sweat and blood.” Iroh gestures with a shoulder towards the nearest commons. “You know, preserve her dignity.”
“I’m not touching nothing that comes out of her. You heard what Castro said.”
“Yeah, I know what Castro said,” Iroh says. “This girl seems harmless enough.”
Zapata shrugs, “Sure. Drag her in there and clean her up if that’s your thing. I’ll stand guard outside.”
“Fine.”
We move off to the right, into a sparkling clean, sterile commons. Iroh releases his grip on me and I hobble towards the sinks, washing the blood and grime from my skin. I return to where he stands, just inside the door.
“I need your help,” I plead.
He tilts his head up towards the ceiling. They might not be recording visuals in here, but audio is another story apparently. I turn and limp towards a bathroom stall and he moves to stand in front of the door. I don’t bother locking it as I take a seat on my bruised behind. I lean forward and rest my head against the door.
“I need access to the Prothero servers,” I whisper, so quietly I’m not sure he will hear. He knocks on the front of the door once. The metal heart hammers in my chest. I flush the toilet to add more noise distortion.
“Soon?”
One knock.
My heart flutters again and I push the door open, heading towards the exit. He shadows my movements, saying benignly, “The first stall is my favorite too. I usually stop by there every morning before work."
He opens the door for me. We meet up with Zapata and the rest of the walk is silent.

The guards and I make our morning pit stop at the Commons. In the safety of the first bathroom stall I reach behind the toilet seat and find a metal item attached to the porcelain with a tiny dot of glue. The alloy material doesn’t match any tech I’ve ever encountered. It’s a long thin strip of metal with a USB port in the middle and a clasp on either end. I hold it up and the left band emits a short spark, a finger beckoning me forward. I lay the reader down on top of it and the band lights up like a Christmas tree. My head swims, coded foreign language running over the backsides of my lids.
The electricity generated by the band stings against my skin and I bite down on the inside of my cheek to keep from yelling out. Eventually, the heat dissipates and when I look down, the band accepts the USB reader. It moulds neatly into the metal, like an invisible hook and groove. The two ends of the metal strip attach to the band, encircling it as the band encircles my wrist. Mystifying and seamless.
The band kicks on and the USB generates a pale orange virtual, lighting up the inside of the stall. Data pours in a stream past my open, staring eyes in the same way a virtual projection appears from the bands. It hangs in the mid-air, illuminated against the backdrop of reality. The data runs up my arm, through my veins and into my temples. The information inside bursts with passcodes and bypasses for security measures and ways to permanently disable RFIDs.
My metal heart shudders as a cold computerized voice whispers from the inside of my prosthetic ear: Get out. The servers here at the Prothero lab are aware. Sentient. They notice me rustling around inside them.
A stronger, more urgent declaration of, “Get out,” accompanies a warning spike of power in the bands. I frantically disconnect, snuffing the blue glow like a candle flame. The codes disappear inside my flesh and the virtual projection goes dead.
My heart beats like fluttering moth wings against my chest. Whatever entity is in the servers saw me. It knew what I was doing. It comprehended and spoke to me. I take a few deep breaths to regulate my pulse, but the static electricity lifts the hairs on my arm and won’t go away.
“What was that?” asks Castro, one of the male guards.
“Nothing. Seeing what the weather’s supposed to be today.”
“Oh, don’t worry, you won’t be seeing daylight anytime soon,” Castro assures me with a chuckle.
What an asshole. I run a finger down the spine of the USB reader and it detaches from the band. I drop it into the toilet and flush, praying the plumbing doesn’t back up, watching as the evidence hits the sewers.
Whoever Iroh works with, if it’s the Contras or some other terrorist organization…they know their tech. They’re smart. They’re everywhere. The conejos are multitude. Rabbit might be one of them. For the first time, this idea makes me smile instead of stirring acid pains in my stomach. And then I remember his connection to the Fullers and I fall into quiet contemplation. I wish I had more answers.
If Reznik devises more torture for me, I don’t retain precise memories. It’s another day of SIM testing. It’s arduous and frustrating. My hate for her grows with every minute. My mind swirls around the precipice of Prothero’s secret AI, impending freedom, the conejos, and the Contras. My brain works in loops separate from my body.
At the end of the training, I’m barely on my feet. Instead of the guards greeting me at the SIM doors, Dr. Dawson appears. He smiles in his gentle, placating way. I’ve missed him. I suppress the urge to run over and crush myself against his chest and I like to believe he does the same.
“Here’s that chocolate bar you requested.” He holds the food out to me.
“Thanks,” I mutter, retrieving it with numb fingers.
My whole body is numb.
“And here’s the tablet,” he says in a kinder, more genuine tone. “It’s your last night here. I thought it might be nice for you to draw if you’d like. No virtuals, if you don’t want them. No pressure, Eleni. Not from me. Not this time.”
A lump builds in my throat. Dr. Dawson is the worst kind of father figure, but he’s the closest thing I’ve got. I reach up and touch the tablet, moving past it and trapping his torso in a bear hug. Some urges are not worth fighting.
“Thanks,” I murmur into his chest.
He says nothing, but pats my upper back comfortingly in response. Good show Dr. Dawson. Good man. He threatened the lives of my friends, and shot me up with a dangerous virus, and crafted me into an unwilling monstrous human machine hybrid with the capability of doing great harm, but he’s saved my life more than once. He’s a good man, too.
I trail him to my room where he leaves me unshackled, and settle down under the covers of the hospital bed with the tablet propped up against my bruised, rapidly healing knees. I draw Scarlett and Rabbit. I draw the Rosas. I draw Nurse Esperanza and Dr. Dawson. I draw us all in a cherry orchard. Without my insistence, these images flicker up onto a virtual and rotate around the room. I don’t care.
Dawson stands in the middle of the projections, turning in ponderous circles, watching in open-mouthed, mute fascination. He reaches out every once in a while to touch one, dazzled at the haptic feedback. The particles don’t burst into colored fragments and flicker away like other virtuals. He’s studying me again, but his overwhelmingly positive feedback, after weeks of punishment from Reznik, is much appreciated.
“It’s good to see you drawing again. You look happy,” Dawson says.
A lime drops from a cherry tree to his right. He leans over and plucks it from the floor, turning it over, admiring.
“My sentence with Reznik is over. That’s something to be happy about. Are you coming to KERN with me? For a little while, at least?” I reach towards him, for the lime. He sets it in my open palm.
“No Eleni, I’m sorry. This is a solo journey. You might not believe it now, but KERN will be a positive learning experience. You’ll be with people like yourself, with abilities similar to yours. I might visit in order to chart your progress, but you won’t need me there.” Melancholy flickers across his features. He’s actually going to miss me.
“I haven’t stopped needing you since my parents died.”
I squeeze the lime too hard and it bursts into fragments, briefly illuminating the bed sheet fabric and my fingernails before sputtering out. Dawson pulls the glasses from his nose and runs the back of his hand over his forehead in a gesture I’ve come to recognize as annoyance. But that doesn’t apply here. I don’t think he’s annoyed.
“Are you tearing up Doctor?” I ask, teasing.
“Maybe. I’m tired, Eleni. The last couple of months have been arduous and I’m ready for a much needed vacation. Somewhere warm and tropical with a little umbrella in a big glass. Maybe South America. I’ll be accessible through the intranet, whenever you need me.” He pats my shoulder affectionately. Moisture glitters in his eyes. He’s definitely going to miss me.
He turns and walks towards the exit with none of his customary enthusiasm.
“Goodnight Dr. Dawson,” I call out. “I’ll miss your face.”
He casts a look over his shoulder, my heart dipping at the baleful expression he wears.
“Goodnight, Eleni Garza,” he says, shutting the door. “I will miss yours.”
The mechanical locking gears of the door grind together. It’s a lonely sound.
I smile in the solitude, taking solace in Dawson’s emotional upheaval at my departure. After three or four minutes of silence, I exit the bed and creep into the bathroom. Switch the fan and water on to provide a limited measure of cover. The left band thrums to life, flushing the purple shade I’ve come to associate with hacking. Band schematics spill out on the virtual and I flick past them until I find the needed code embedded in the security features. I type it into the projected keyboard and wait for the beep of an error message.
Nothing happens. The bands don’t magically fall from my wrists but I sense a change. The tech softens, becomes pliable. I pull up the wave application, holding my breath as a loading icon rotates on the virtual. With a considerable reluctance on the part of the band, the wave app slumps open.
That powerful, sibilant voice crackles in my ear: We are watching. We are waiting. When will you wake up, Eleni Garza?
Mountains of goosebumps clamber over me with such strength, a dull ache registers in the base of my skull. Black, thick blood slips from my left ear and I wipe it away distractedly. The high pitched whine accompanying the voice squeals out and recedes.
When will I wake up? Wake up from what?
A final wall of resistance melts away and the wave storage box behind it registers over five hundred waves, the majority from Scarlett. The most recent sent yesterday around 2am. My metal heart wrenches at the sight of these stockpiled, unanswered communications. At the thought that even up until yesterday, Scarlett was attempting to contact me. She must be so worried. There are several from the Rosas. Even one from Nurse Esperanza.
There are none from Rabbit. Not a single wave. It’s a…I’m not sure what it means. I don’t know what I expected or how to feel that he hasn’t tried to contact me once in the last three months. My stomach heaves a little and a wave of nausea passes over me. I gulp back bile.
It doesn’t matter. Who cares what Rabbit does. Who cares.
I want to prioritize Scarlett’s loneliness, as indicated by her messages, but my pragmatism weighs out over everything else. A suspiciously titled wave from Emilia Rosa grabs my attention, pulling it away from Scar and Rabbit. The title text, “Testing. Testing.” This oughta be good.
That thing we disposed of didn’t end up being the subject of numerous tests. We didn’t synthesize an unverified vaccine from it. We aren’t working with anyone else to secure test subjects. We don’t need anymore samples, so don’t worry. Hope that eases your mind. Wherever you are. If you still are.
A cold boulder rolls into my stomach, replacing the nausea. I chew on the inside of my cheek. The Rosas risked their lives sending that message to me. If I’m to believe the opposite of the message, my blood sample, the NV2 in my system, yielded a possible cure. A vaccine. This is huge. This cannot be ignored. Turning my back and slinking off to KERN for more torturous training with Professor Reznik is not an option. Not with this new development. I turn my attention back to the wave storage.
Four hundred and fifty messages from Scar. I tackle the first. Looking at the subjects of her worried, angry, bewildered messages from the time period of my attempted base escape hurts more than the absence of communication from Rabbit.
The subject of her latest message reads, “I have no one else to send this to.” I swallow hard and pour over the text.
It’s late at night. I don’t think you’re receiving messages anymore. Maybe you never were. I don’t know if you’re alive. Isn’t that stupid. But I had to tell someone. The Rosas wouldn’t understand and you know what happened with Diego. I mean, maybe you do, if you read my waves. But whatever. There’s no one I can talk to about this. No one I trust more than you.
So here goes: my friend Sarah tracked down Logan outside of New Orleans. She said he’d fallen in with a bad crowd. People scrapping tech, dealing Flash and worse. Worse things. He got picked up by the Peace Officers two months ago and showed up last week spouting all sorts of crazy nonsense about experiments. About Prothero. He’s got NV Len, but it’s bad. Worse than any strain they’ve ever seen—it’s spreading all over the South and people are calling it another outbreak.
I’ve got to help him. I can’t get him any academy stipend—not if he’s off the grid and on the run from a labor camp. He’s homeless and sick Len. I don’t know what to do or who to talk to… I wish you were here. I really do. You would help me with a plan. I don’t have a plan Len. But I need to get out of here. You escaped. Or you’re dead.
But if you got out of the Academy, I can follow right? Find a way out of here. It sounds crazy. But I can’t stand the idea of him dying alone on the streets. It’s a hard world out there Len, but it doesn’t have to be that hard. It’s not that hard…
The text cuts out where her voice fades off. That’s it. That’s the last message she sent me. What the hell. What am I supposed to do with that? Scarlett trying to escape Fort Columbia. Logan sick from one of the new strains of NV. And I’m being shipped off to KERN in the morning. Far away from the Rosas and the cure that Mateo, and Scar’s brother need.
I limp back to bed and rest my swimming head on the fluffy pillows. It’s not too late. I can change everything. I’ve gotten this far. I’m alive in the belly of Prothero with full access to my band. With powers I’m now more capable than ever of controlling, thanks to Dawson and Reznik. I survived a bombing, a brutal attack by Clinton in the SIM, and a plane crash. I survived months under the cruel guidance of a sadistic mad-woman. I’m fighting a disease that has killed over 2.5 billion people on this planet. The Rosas synthesized a cure from my blood.
I can save myself and take back control of my life. I can escape from this lab. I can subvert Prothero’s desires for my body and soul, help Scarlett escape the Academy, and even save Matty and Logan. My lids close and the heavy weight of sleep presses down upon me.
I can save myself. I don’t need Clinton’s connections or Rabbit’s sacrifices or Matty’s terrorists to do it. I never did.

An alarming buzz from the bands wakes me at 7am. I’m instructed by a disembodied voice issuing from the ceiling to gather my belongings in a duffel and await transport. Two morning duty guards arrive and whisk me away to the food window. After a tube of nutritious sludge, we begin the endless repeating walk down the dreary halls from my nightmares. Excitement and horror stews acidly in my stomach, a nervous anticipation rolling around with the yellowish breakfast substance, tasting vaguely like bananas and toast.
The guards drag me past the open door of a room, and a young, bulky white man strapped to a hospital bed streaks past my vision. The familiar image freezes time and halts my feet.
Clinton Fuller. His eyes meet mine for a brief instant, lacking solid human warmth, filmed over with a limpid mechanical blue. His smooth, sun kissed body is marred by circuitry, similar to what adorns my temple, but this tech appears joined with his flesh, rather than implanted on it. The circuits are not confined to his temple, they are embedded everywhere. His face, neck, and arms. It makes no sense.
This cannot be Clinton Fuller. He’s failing his last term at Fort Columbia. Or home with his father in the great state of Texas. Or at the KERN facility. He’s not supposed to be here. He’s not supposed to look like this.
His mouth forms my name, lips pulling into a grimace of pain and recognition. My body goes weak, legs giving out from underneath me. I call out to him, collapsing around the pulling, lifting arms of the guards. They respond gruffly, shaking me and yelling for me to get on my feet. We make a sharp turn down a glass enclosed hallway between two buildings and into a separate warehouse structure housing Prothero’s telepad. I shout Clinton’s name as they drag me through the doors.
The rushing adrenaline in proximity to this powerful piece of technology rips the image from my mind and refocuses me on the current problems and solutions I’ve devised.
I was probably seeing things. Clinton Fuller is not here. My vision of him was a panic induced illusion, brought on by nerves over the revelations of the last twenty-four hours and the anxiety of what I’m about to do. Clinton is not here. I didn’t see him. I need to focus.
I relax, breathing deeply and easing into the Zen calm Prothero drilled into me for the last few months. I perk up and walk on my own feet. The guards don’t miss a single step or show any sign of surprise at my instant composure. Unpredictability is the norm here.
In the giant transporter room I undress quickly at the base of the telepad. I’m directed to the center of the glowing rings. They produce an extraordinarily potent humming. It vibrates up into my teeth. A whirling mechanism gyrates below my bare toes—an enormous centrifuge spinning up faster and faster. I crouch down to examine it. The thick glass tubes and the dazzling blue luminosity obscure any coherent visuals, but I sense its composition. The expansive baritone of the machine booms up into the balls of my feet and radiates through my legs, abdomen and arms. There is power here, immense power.
“Telepad charge: phase one. Please remain still.”
I lay my palms flat against the glass separating me from the inner workings of the machine. My eyes roll up into the back of my head and pain slices across my temple. The bands emit a high frequency squeal, like bad audio feedback. They cook the skin of my wrists, letting off an acrid smell and thin wisps of smoke.
But it doesn’t matter now. I am no longer dominated by Prothero’s stifling AI. They can’t hurt me anymore. The telepad is stronger than whatever mutes and contains me. It’s stronger than me. And I can use its power. I focus on the CPU, digging frantically amongst the codes to locate the correct latitude and longitude. I need to make a slight adjustment to the coordinates.
“Eleni,” Dawson’s voice cuts through the din of the telepad charging. “I see you in the system. What are you doing?”
I glance over at him, blue heat zapping towards the control room where he stands, protected by metal and concrete and glass.
“Going home,” I say.
The bands burn hotter now, roasting my skin, but I push through the tech wall anyway. I ride over the pain like surfers cresting a wave. A door left of the control room slams open and guards, dressed in combat suits akin to those we wear in SIMs, hustle out, rifles drawn. I throw my mind out to the electrical currents running through their weapons, disabling them with a wrenching gesture of my forearm. The nanites brushed into the hard, ceramic plating of their uniforms fizzle out before they can generate shielding. I don’t want to hurt anyone here. I just don’t want them to hurt me.
The guards press forward, moving towards the platform. They’re going to physically subdue me before I port out of here.
“Telepad charge: phase two. Please remain still.”
My attention spins towards the foundational elements of the room. The lights blink out. I pull the sprinkler system, water falling down on us in sheets. Projections rip from my bands, ghostly images of Clinton Fuller, Corazon Ortega, and Brian Holmes circle me, rifles drawn on the approaching guards.
“Eleni! Stop this!”
I flick on the overhead siren to drown Dawson out, flashing red lights blaring on simultaneously.
“It’s too late Dawson! You had your chance!”
I assume a cross-legged, meditating pose on the glass tubes.
All around me, the ring of virtual projections form a solid shield the soldiers cannot penetrate. The slip and squeal of their boots and their shouted comments to one another rise above the scream of the sirens and patter of sprinkler water. The pound of more boots stops outside the locked telepad doors. They’re going to bring the whole lab down on me if I don’t move fast. It’s now or never.
“Shut it down! Shut the damn thing down!” Dawson barks over the chaos.
The siren and warning red lights cut off. Water cascades from the ceiling in sheets, but the fluorescent lights overhead snap on. Beneath me, the centrifuge moans and reverses direction, enormous kinetic blades and the undulating lights they produce incrementally slowing. Dawson is sucking all the power from the room. It’s a smart move. If he’d done it three minutes ago.
“Telepad powering down.”
“No you don’t.” I grimace, digging my heels into the machine.
I shift slightly on the glass and clear my mind, drawing more energy up from my feet and legs and torso. Dawson and Reznik taught me how to channel the nano electricity and move it into different parts of my body. How to collect and store it. This entire telepad is a giant battery and I’m charged to capacity.
White fulgor explodes up from the telepad core and through my arms and head, heaving past the virtual projections and engulfing the entire room in a fury of light. With everyone sufficiently distracted and the telepad engines back online, I reach out into the mainframe of the control room, and alter the course.
There’s no stopping Dawson from seeing the coordinates. My cards are on the table now. I am heading back to Fort Columbia whether they want me to or not.
“Telepad charge: phase two. Complete. Course alteration accepted.”
Good, we’re back on track. My second to last act of sabotage occurs at the base of my neck, an RFID implanted next to my spinal column. I reach out with the power gleaned from the telepad and the concentrated kinetic distortion flowing through my veins. I crush the life from the implant, its signal wavering and dying with a popping, frying hiss. A trail of smoke rises from the burn wound on my neck. I barely feel it. Later. There will be time to feel the pain later.
The bands sputter and fail to singe my flesh, no doubt forced by Dawson or Reznik or whoever is on the other end of the tech, a final, desperate attempt to trap me in Prothero’s grip. But I’m free now. They can’t keep me here any longer.
“Telepad charge: phase three. Please keep all hands and feet within the vehicle. Enjoy the ride.”
A brilliant flash of blue shines all around me. In my final act of sabotage, I plant a destruction sequence into the DC telepad. It crushes me to do this, but disabling the telepad will slow them down. I bury the self-destruct code, covering it with layers of encrypted data. I link a shortcut to the command immediately following the completion of my port. The thick, angry noise of the AI rolls through my ears like sludge, “We remember. We’re waiting.”
Waiting for what?
“Eleni, don’t do this,” Dawson advises in a tired, beaten voice. “I won’t be able to fix this for you. Not like…everything else you’ve done in the past.”
“I know.”
A second, dazzling flash obscures my vision. How long will it take Prothero to find me? Minutes, hours, days? The telepad de-molecularizes, shooting me through time and space.
My body disappears.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN:
SECURITY LOCKDOWN
I reappear on the other side five minutes later and collapse forward, curled in a fetal position. The human body doesn’t take kindly to being disassembled and reassembled. I push myself to my shaky hands and knees, exposed since the cloak didn’t survive the journey. I crouch, naked, in front of the guards.
“What the hell?” one of the female soldiers asks. She and three others, dressed in standard combat attire, pause in the middle of their conversation at the base of the telepad, rifles slung over their shoulders. “Is this a scheduled port?”
“Who are you?” a male guard squints towards the platform, reaching for his weapon. “You look familiar.”
“Get out,” I suggest in a wobbly voice, the blue glow engulfing me. I absorbed too much energy from the DC telepad. It's got to go somewhere. “Get out now!”
I convey the urgency with a motivating bolt of blue fire aimed in their direction. It sizzles out of my fingertips, cascading in an arch dying limply at their feet. The guards reach for their rifles in response. Not exactly what I had in mind. It was supposed to be a lot more threatening.
“This thing is going to explode,” I say.
“Down on the ground!” a male soldier commands.
“I warned you.” I grit my teeth, using a small portion of the barely contained energy to overwhelm their weapons.
I lose it. I lose control. It’s too much power for me. I can’t maintain it. I shuttle the excess electricity through the core. The voltage shoots from my palms down into the glass tubes and centrifuge, overloading the central processor.
“Warning. Core breached. System meltdown imminent.”
“Get out. Get out now!” a male soldier drops the rifle from his face and waves his squadmates back.
“Told you,” I mutter, arms slipping out from under me. My chin hits the glass casing and stars twinkle in my vision.
With my remaining strength, I tip and roll down the platform steps. The guards, alerted by the groan and whine of the telepad hardware ripping apart inside the tubes, shuffle backwards, yelling out orders.
Someone hits the siren and red warning lights flash. Exhausted, reeling with the effort, I reach out and click off the overhead fluorescents. The energy spilling from the disintegrating telepad boosts the blue glow and I cloak into the dark.
“Where’d she go?” a different male soldier asks. His female companion shrugs.
Lost in the chaos, I crawl towards the privacy screens, stationed near the double doors at the front of the room. My searching hand brushes the ankle of a guard. She stiffens and looks around suspiciously, kicking her boot towards my position. I roll away, cursing under my breath. I need to be careful here. This isn’t like SIM training with Reznik. Humans don’t need heat signatures to locate their enemies, we possess far more finely tuned senses.
“Warning. Core breached. System meltdown imminent.”
The other guards, rifles trained on the telepad, back away from the frightening metal gurgle of the machine. They head towards the large blast doors, concerned with my location, but motivated by a keen desire for self-preservation.
Behind the privacy screen, I find a pile of resident uniforms stacked on a chair. I grab the clothes and slip them on. No shoes though.
“Warning. Core breached. System meltdown imminent.”
I dart through the metal doors as they slide shut, close on the heels of the guards.
“Containment shield activated.”
“Oh shit!” a female soldier shouts.
Blue kinetic barriers roll down from the ceiling, shuttering the hallways intersecting the telepad. They block guards from entering the blast area and us from escaping. Another sheet of azure flickers over the blast doors. The guards, panicked and confused, huddle in the middle of the box created by the kinetics.
“System malfunction. System malfunction,” the computer voice sputters, heat warping the last word.
Behind the heavy blast doors, the telepad explodes in a flurry of metal gears and shattering glass. The concussive force of the electric wave picks me up off my feet, slamming my left temple into the white concrete wall behind me. My eye blips. The sharp tang of metal and blood hits my tongue. The wires on my left temple crackle and the cloak around me sputters out like a dying candle. Luckily, the guards to either side of me are knocked prone. I lean over to check their pulses, but pause when I see them breathing. OK, not dead. Not dead is good.
Shouting and pounding echoes down the hallway outside the barriers. More guards are arriving. I have to regain control, I can’t let them catch me like this. I can’t let them see me. I need to charge my batteries.
I scramble over the inert guards and press both palms against the far right kinetic barrier. It convulses and electricity roars in my ears, peeling off from the barrier and folding over me. I summon the cloak and slump against the wall for support. Need to catch my breath.
“Core meltdown complete,” the computer warbles overhead. “Containment barriers deactivated.”
The filmy blue shields vaporize into thin air and the waiting guards rush past, their immediate attention given to the soldiers littering the black tiled floor. I press myself up against the wall to avoid coming into contact with anyone in the crowded area. Then think better of it. There’s enough chaos happening, I don’t need to worry about bumping into someone. What I need to do is get the hell out of here. I race down the newly opened hallway, pushing past the guards.
The security door at the far end of the hall presents another kind of problem. Since my RFID and band clearances were wiped when I rebooted them, the only solution to escape the telepad building is to hack the system. With the red alert on full force, the mainframe will be on lockdown. I approach the silver sweeping light, reaching out through the tech channels and deactivating the cameras near the door. I decloak, the nanos falling away from me like a snake shedding its skin. The light filters over me, analyzing my body with its greedy, sticky fingers.
“Subject: Unknown. No scan available. Please identify.”
After a full minute of slippery grasping within the security console, it becomes clear mental manipulations are not going to work, so I press my robot hand against the hardware. The wires in my temple light up like sparklers. I tap into the communications channels and cut all communications routed in and out of the Fort Columbia base.
I need to buy myself some time to make amends. I owe my friends that much.
“Security clearance granted. Have a nice day.”
The door slips open to reveal the muted, earthy landscape of Fort Columbia. Weeks have passed since I tasted fresh air. When I step outside, I breathe in the dry wind. It rustles my hair, the moment punctuated by a distant hawk scream. The air temperature is balmier than when I left. The sun momentarily muscles its way past the thick layer of clouds above, welcoming me back to the Pacific Northwest. The first traces of spring show themselves, grass peeking up in patches between my bare toes.
No guards roam this part of the base so cloaking for the trek back to campus is a moot point. It’s too mentally and physically exhausting. It would be a waste of energy. My time here on base is limited. Less than a day. Maybe only a few hours. I’ve only temporarily suspended communications. Destroying the comms towers clustered in the middle of base might be my only option later on. I will have to stay well hidden. From the officers, from the cameras, from the guards, from other residents.
As I make my way across Fort Columbia, I pull up the band display to orient myself. The time and date appears. It’s the middle of May. I was gone for a little over three months. And it’s noon here. I’ll arrive at the mess hall at lunch time. I contemplate waving Scarlett and decide against it. I should avoid electronic communication if I want to remain hidden from Prothero and the Academy. I turn on the GPS tracker and map her coordinates instead.
It’s a long walk, and forty-five minutes pass from the time I exit the doorways of the telepad building to when I reach the Academy campus. Progress is further hindered by the need to sabotage every security camera in the vicinity as I pass. It’s a subtle shift, a turning of the lens, and hopefully no one will notice the trend.
I slip in the main doors, cloaking to conceal my body, disrupting the cameras as I move. A tickling sensation on the band distracts me and I check the projected message. A GPS tracker informs me Scarlett is nearby, walking through the halls near my position. I duck down a side hall and spot her. Scarlett and Brian Holmes walk together, hands intertwined. They pause briefly at the end of the hall to exchange a passionate kiss then continue on their way. I pause and press my head against the cool metal.
This is not going to be as easy as I thought.
But I can’t wait for another opportunity. Prothero will find me if I linger at Fort Columbia. I have maybe eight hours here on base to reveal myself to Scarlett, formulate a reasonable plan, get the cure from the twins, and make an escape. There’s not enough time.
I stalk them into the next hall, walking close enough to catch their heated conversation.
“Fucking terrorists,” Brian says, hands curling into fists.
“You’re so worked up, you’re about to pop a forehead vein,” Scar laughs, tapping a finger against his skull.
“You would say that,” Brian snaps, batting her hand away without any real force.
I steel myself for Scar’s defense. She wouldn’t tolerate anyone talking like that about me. Not even Brian Holmes.
“Terrorist or not,” Scar says. “Eleni was my friend.”
“She sent you to some kind of jacked up Prothero prison. She endangered your life and nearly killed hundreds of people on this base. She’s a traitor. She’s a terrorist,” Brian spits the word out with real anger.
“I didn’t know,“ Scarlett says.
My hands clench into fists. We’re almost to the kitchen. I need to hold my composure for another twenty feet.
“Garza was reckless,” Brian says. “She nearly took you and Rabbit down with her.”
“Bear, she was terrified that night about Prothero coming to take her away. I’ve never seen her like that. Whatever she was running from, she risked her life to escape it.”
“Instead she got a lot of people hurt.” Brian pushes the door open with a fist, entering the kitchen first.
Scar trails behind, lost in memories. I’m so close on Scar’s feet she probably feels and hears the angry rasp of my breathing. She whips around, staring into my cloaked face. I shut off the security cameras.
Things are about to get weird.
I grab and haul her forward, towards me. Scar yelps in surprise. At the same time, I slam the kitchen door closed, trapping Brian inside. The band ignites as I wrench the handle. Brian pulls hard but the electricity transfers through the metal, shocking him. He curses against the door and bangs on it.
“Scarlett? What’s happening!?” Brian asks.
“I wish I knew,” Scar murmurs, as my cloak drops away.
She gasps as my face materializes in front of her. Then a steely intelligence flickers into her eyes.
“Bear, it looks like the security field malfunctioned. I’ll run and get a technician. Start cooking without me,” Scar says without turning, keeping her gaze steadily on me.
“My hand is burnt like a damn Christmas ham. I need medical attention.” Brian jiggles the knob to test it.
“There’s a medkit next to the door. You’ve got to trust me on this Bear. Just give me a minute. Maybe five minutes,” she says with soothing delivery. I offer her a pathetic grin which she does not return. “Be careful.”
And now her eyes narrow into angry slits and her nostrils flare. She is done with shock. She’s transitioned into outright pissed. Brian relaxes his grip on the handle and the opening scrape of the medical kit rasps from inside the kitchen.
“You be careful. Security field my ass. How am I supposed to do anything in the kitchen with only one good hand?” he mutters, banging the contents of the medkit around in irritation.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Scar whispers fiercely, grabbing my shoulder. Her grip is surprisingly strong for how soft her fingers are. “I thought you were dead! Where were you? Why didn’t you wave me? What happened!?”
I open my mouth to speak and then decide it would be smart to mute the audio recording devices as well.
“Wow, really? That’s all you’ve got to say for yourself?” She rolls her eyes.
“We can talk somewhere safe,” I say.
Scar’s eyes dart around the hallway and light upon a janitorial closet, used to store the tools and chemicals for cleaning the kitchen. She jerks her head towards it with a frown. So far this reunion is not going how I imagined. I imagined Scar would be happy to see me. I didn’t imagine she and her new boyfriend would be discussing my status as a terrorist.
We hustle to the maintenance closet, enter and shut the door. The claustrophobic room is filled with sanitizing chemicals and dusty stacks of cleaning droids, designed to scrub the Academy from top to bottom.
I release the hall cameras and the electricity wrapped around the kitchen door handle with a sigh. I keep a firm grip on all the audio devices in the area. Vocal imprints might still be a weapon in Prothero’s arsenal. Can’t be too careful here.
“Are you OK?” I ask, panting in the dark.
“Of course I’m not OK! My friend just magically appeared in front of me. My friend who I thought was dead.”
“There’s a totally reasonable explanation for all of this. And I will explain, but first…I got your wave, about Logan. I came to help you find Logan.”
“Logan.” Her voice breaks around his name, pupils going wide. “You came to help me find Logan?”
“I thought you wanted to escape. And track him down. In your last wave, you said that.” My tone turns helpless and dismayed.
All my limbs grow heavier under the weight of my decision. I thought I was doing better with my life choices. Now I just feel wild and erratic. Out of control. I’m counting on Scarlett to inject this situation with a healthy dose of sanity. And maybe a bit of validation. I can’t be wrong about this. I’m so tired of being wrong. I just want to do the right thing for once.
“I was high as a damn kite when I sent that. I thought you were dead.”
I hold both arms open. “Not dead.”
“Did you come up with a plan? For us to help Logan?” She looks hopeful. “One that doesn’t involve explosions?”
“I have friends working on an NV2 cure. But we’d need to go to Mexico City first. To get the cure.”
“Mexico City. That would not be a good idea,” Scarlett murmurs.
She is oscillating away from anger now and back to those initial moments of dazed and confused. This isn’t the reaction I expected from her. Something is wrong.
“Why not?” I ask, ice water dumping into my veins. Mateo’s warnings echo in my head.
“Cause the Contras blew up the Prothero lab there this morning.” Her eyes flicker to the band on my right wrist, narrowing in suspicion. I’m not used to seeing this look from Scar, directed at me. It’s disorienting. “Where were you? How did you get here?”
“I escaped from a Prothero lab. Not the one in Mexico City. The one in Washington DC. I’ll explain everything,” I start. Scarlett holds up a hand to stop me.
“You’re a terrible friend, Eleni Garza.”
I nod in agreement. She’s using my full name and that means trouble. I hold her gaze, but inside, I’m crumbling.
“You lied to me.”
I nod again, the most prudent course of action.
“I was detained and tortured in a weird prison because of you. OK, well, that’s an exaggeration…but they held me for days at some secret Prothero location. Days. Of course, I didn’t know anything so they let me go but you could have warned me. There is no excuse for not warning your best friend.”
“I’m sorry. I did it to—”
“The worst part was realizing how many secrets you kept from me. I trusted you. You obviously don’t trust me.” Her shoulders sag.
“I thought I was protecting you.”
“That’s so stupid. You’re so stupid!”
“I’m sorry Scar. I didn’t tell you the truth because I didn’t want to get you in trouble.”
She pulls a Salt cigarette out of her pocket along with a lighter, takes a hit, and passes it to me. I inhale and exhale a cloud of bitter smoke, leaning heavily against a stack of droids beside, exhausted and now warm and limp from the Salt.
“I’m already in trouble by association. Why don’t you let me worry about the consequences?” She says, lips pursing. “Now, tell me everything.”
The way she says it, with calm assurance and a hint of defiance, makes me believe her. I hesitate for a brief moment, teetering on the edge of a precipice. I’m losing my balance and grabbing hold of her, dragging her down with me. We’re going to fall together.
“I’ll start at the beginning,” I say, gesturing for another drag on the cigarette.
And I tell her the whole story. Almost everything. I tell her about the cancerous tumor, the mutated nano virus, and all the curious symptoms of my emerging tech abilities. I stop short of the letters and Mateo. That is a conversation best held outside of the base. And I don’t currently possess the tin anyway. That is problematic, but not high on my priority list.
Scarlett’s first cigarette burns down and she lights another. The second dies along with the words in my mouth. She flicks the butt to the ground and stomps it out, stretching her arms above her head.
By then, a silent alarm has sounded across the base and internal waves have been received with my description and a summary of my transgressions. I can’t monitor all the communications all the time, it turns out. Shoot on sight commands issued. I’m a full fledged terrorist now. There is no Prothero to swoop in and protect me this time.
“That was a lot of terrible information to absorb in one sitting,” Scar says.
She fishes around in her pants pocket and pulls out a clear plastic pill bag heavy with tiny white pills.
“I need one of these. I definitely need one of these,” she mutters, dumping two into her palm.
“Scar,” I say, but it’s too late. She’s already swallowed one.
She holds the second out to me. I pluck it up and stare at the tiny E etched into the center.
“These are new. How long have you been into Ecto?” I ask, rolling it between my fingers.
“For awhile. I branched out while you were gone. Bear—Brian has been a great business partner after the whole fiasco with Diego. And of course I sample the merchandise. It’s a classic rookie mistake. But, it helps me…forget.”
“Salt does that trick too.”
“Not like Ecto. I’ve gotta get back to Brian. If I don’t report for KP, Prothero with their infinite surveillance tech, will notice I am not at the appointed place at the appointed time,” she says, turning to the door.
There’s something else I need to do. Before anything else.
“Before you go. I need to meet up with the Rosas.”
Scar presses her palm to her forehead. “You’re dragging them into this?”
“No, not if I can help it. They won’t get in trouble. I promise.”
“A promise you can’t keep is a bad promise.” She grimaces. “They’re in molecular biology right now. I’ll wave them. They’ll meet you in this supply closet in fifteen minutes. I’ll be done with my kitchen rotation in an hour. I’ll pack our bags. We’ll meet up at the shed in an hour.”
“Hey,” I say, grabbing her shoulder and squeezing it. “I’m sorry. For leaving you. For lying to you.”
She favors me with a lopsided smile, but her focus is on some distant point inside herself. She shakes loose from my grip.
“It’s fine. Doesn’t matter anymore. I’m happy you’re alive. We’ll meet up later, OK?” She says, hand on the door knob, squaring her shoulders to head back into the real world.
Apologies don’t matter here. Only my actions are going to make up for what I did. I left under those crazy circumstances without saying goodbye to my best friend or informing her of what was going on. I was wrong. I know that now.
Ten minutes later, rustling from the other side of the door startles me out of my musing. I cloak, just in case it’s not the Rosas, but instead some poor Academy resident starting their maintenance rotation. I would need to electrocute them. And maybe steal their shoes.
“Guess we’ll just get a broom from this supply closet,” Emilia says with too much force, an obvious attempt at deception.
“That was terrible. You are terrible,” Emanuelle mutters, twisting the knob and entering. “You would be the worst virtual actress EVER.”
The twins pass into the small, shelved room together, both of them slim enough to fit through the door frame side by side.
“Empty,” Emilia says, mouth twisting in annoyance.
“Hi guys.” I decloak, raising a sheepish hand in greeting.
Both take a step back in surprise. Emanuelle reaches for a broom and holds it in front of her for defense.
“Relax. It’s just me!” I try for a soothing smile. Emilia crosses her arms with a haughty gesture.
“Eleni?” Emanuelle blinks, stepping forward, dropping the broom.
“You said there wouldn’t be any surprises,” Emilia says, her tone vaguely threatening. “This is surprising.”
“You told me you got rid of that blood sample,” I counter.
She screws up her nose and brows in resignation. “Yeah. I didn’t do that.”
“Where is it?” I ask.
“I’m not stupid. I took it someplace I knew it would be safe, innocuous. Overlooked.”
“She gave it to Nurse Esperanza,” Emanuelle interjects. Emilia turns her dark eyes on her twin sister.
“Why would you do that?” I inquire, keeping my gaze steady, my heart thumping loudly in my ears.
“We trust her,” Emilia says. “More than we trust you. She’s helping us with storage and testing. She wants the same things we want.”
“I want those things too. But I need the sample. I need it back,” I say, anxious.
The Rosas exchange a long glance. “That’s not possible. This isn’t just about you anymore. We stumbled onto something incredible,” Emilia says. “Our findings could help a lot of people.”
“Exactly. That’s exactly what I want to do. I want to help a lot of people. I’m going somewhere they need a cure. Can you help me?” I ask, stepping forward, gripping her forearms.
She nods.
“You may take one vial. One vial is all we can spare. We don’t need a cure somewhere Len, we need a cure everywhere,” Emilia says, voice heavy with emphasis. “And there’s a caveat. You will be required to share your findings with us after you distribute it.”
“That would be imposs—”
Emilia holds up a finger to stop my words, brushing my hands away in the same movement.
“Not my problem. Getting the information together and sending it, that is your problem. We don’t have access to a supply of test subjects to determine how effective the vaccine is at this stage. Report your findings. Or I will report you to Prothero.”
“Fair enough,” I concede. “When can I get the sample?"
“We’ll wave Nurse Esperanza. She should be ready for you in the next ten minutes. Don’t worry so much. Emilia likes to play hardball like the detectives on the virtuals. We trust you. You have a good heart Eleni. Fake, but good.” Emanuelle offers a compassionate pat on the shoulder and withdraws to the door. “So don’t screw this up like you did last time.”
“I do trust you,” Emilia admits, approaching for a hug.
We embrace and with her lips pressed close to my ear, she says, “But I don’t like surprises.”
My throat constricts around her words. The wane, strange twins with their matching gaits and hair-dos and even-tempered personalities are threatening my life. This day is turning more surreal with each passing moment.
Emanuelle settles for a brief warm handshake, imbuing it with as much emotion as the gesture possesses. They are about to exit the closet when I call them back in to answer a stupid question when there are more pressing matters to attend to, but I can’t help myself.
“You guys seen Rabbit Santiago around lately?”
Emilia spins around with a crooked smile pulling at her lips. “The cute one?”
“Is there another Rabbit?”
“Sure. He sat at our table for a while after he came back,” Emilia says.
“Came back? Came back from what?”
Emilia shrugs. "I don’t know. The same place Scarlett disappeared to after you blew up the base, I guess. That’s what we all assumed. He was gone a lot longer. A LOT longer. A month, give or take a few days. He wouldn’t talk about it around us, even when Scar asked him. He sat at our table, ate in silence, stared at his tray. He asked about you a couple different times. Then Clinton Fuller came back and Rabbit switched tables. I do miss Rabbit’s eyes. He has nice eyes,” Emilia ends with a dreamy sigh. “A nice face.”
“Clinton Fuller came back? He’s here on the Fort Columbia base?”
“He showed up about two months ago.”
I nod and the pain in my head eases. That image I saw of the monstrous Clinton Fuller at the Prothero lab, it was a hallucination. I didn’t really see him. There’s no way he could be in two places at once. The Rosas wouldn’t lie to me.
“If it makes you feel any better. I think Rabbit still does.” The bubbly smirk is back on Emilia’s face.
Both twins turn towards the door.
“Still does what?”
“Cares about you,” Emanuelle says with the sweet bedside manner the Academy hasn’t stolen from her yet. “Take care of yourself Len. You’ve become a very important person.”
“I’m not going to let you guys down,” I insist. “Things are going to be different this time. It’s not just about me. It’s about helping other people. I promise.”
“Good. Did you know you’re not wearing any shoes?” Emilia points towards my feet. The door closes.
I release the nearby audio recorders and curl myself up in a meditative yoga pose to monitor more internal communications. I lost the thread when the Rosas mentioned Clinton. I tune back in to receive the bad news. Soldiers have been deployed to secure critical areas across the base. So far the residency buildings are low on their priority list. Security has been tightened around the newly reconstructed armory, the airfield, and the SIM building.
A tickling sensation burns deep in my nose and I rub at it, fingers coming away slick. Thick black blood dribbles out over my top lip. I wipe off my fingers and brush the fluid away with one of the rags from a nearby bucket. I can recharge the nano batteries at any old outlet, but I need to bring injectors along on this trip or I won’t last twenty-four hours. I cloak and exit the closet, heading left away from the mess hall.
The tickling sensation grows stronger and dizziness spins my vision down to the linoleum, where I notice dark blood dotting the floor. The drips trail my path, revealing my current location. Worse yet, the drops hitting the cloak aren’t absorbed by the nanos. I’m revealing my exact position, drip by drip.
The infirmary is about a thousand feet from my position and I'll be lucky if I make it another ten. I slump over to the wall and lean the upper half of my torso onto it for support. The rest of the thousand feet passes in a blur. I’m grateful classes are in session around the Academy or I’m not sure I would have survived the ordeal without being spotted.
I reach the infirmary and throw my weight against the door. It groans open and Nurse Esperanza slides into view, a quizzical expression on her face. It makes sense, given no one is on the other side of the door.
“Hello?” she calls out into the empty hallway, squinting at the small drops of blood left in my wake. She moves to shut the door.
I limp out of her way, but not in time. Her shoulder catches me off balance and I lose my footing, crashing into a pair of waiting room chairs off to my right. Exhausted, I don’t even bother getting up.
“What in the holy hell?”
I reach out with the remaining energy from the telepad and overload the fuses on the security cameras and audio devices. Thin lines of smoke trickle from the ceiling, the scent of burning electronics. The cloak sparks and dies, revealing my haphazard perch on the furniture.
“Gar—” Nurse Esperanza clamps a hand over her mouth and rushes over to my side, dropping to a knee.
“Hey, you look nice. Kinda blurry,” I murmur.
“You look terrible. Into my office.” She turns her head and motions at the front desk clerk and pharmacist.
“Take a break kids,” she orders.
They exchange a loaded glance, shrugging out of their respective duties with the apathy of youth and forced servitude. I wonder if they’ve seen my picture flicker onto their bands yet. I wonder if Nurse Esperanza knows what she’s risking.
She fireman lifts me from the chairs. I roll onto her back and will my feet across the floor. Between the two of us we make it into the first exam room. She flops me down on a bed, studying me with her customary friendly suspicion.
“Are you running a fever?” She takes my forehead temperature. “You’re burning up. When did you take your last injection?”
I allow her to touch me. It’s calming, whisking the fear and nerves from my system.
“This morning. In DC.”
“I assume you’re not here with Prothero’s blessings?”
“Didn’t you get the wave? The base is on lockdown.”
“I hoped it was a false alarm. I didn’t think you’d be stupid enough to come back here after what you did. I thought wrong.”
“I’m not a great terrorist,” I concede, wincing as she administers a cocktail of nano injection and pain relievers.
“You can’t stay here,” she says, hands on her hips. “The orders are to shoot on sight, not kill you. But you have few friends here who would abide by those orders. This is a dangerous gamble, Garza. You better have a good reason.”
“I’m here for the cure. That’s it. And then I’m out of here,” I say, leaning back against the bed and closing my eyes.
“Do you have an escape plan this time?”
It’s a reasonable question. One that keeps coming up.
My eyelids creak open. Nurse Esperanza surveys me from across the room, leaning against the counter, arms now folded over her chest.
“It’s not going to be like last time,” I assure her, hoisting myself off the bed.
“Good. We’re counting on that.” She uncrosses her arms.
“We? There’s a we? Just how much do you know?”
“Enough to be dangerous.”
“Do you work for the Contras? Does Rabbit?”
“No, I don’t work for the Contras. Rabbit Santiago?” she asks. “What does he have to do with anything?”
“Have you met—”
She holds up a hand and retrieves a clear plastic vial filled with red liquid from her pocket. She holds it out to me and I accept it, tucking it into the pocket with the nano injector.
“It would be better for both of us if you stopped asking questions,” she says, her expression tight and unyielding.
I swallow past a knot of emotions in my throat. Instead of asking anymore questions, I pull out the medicine and zap the RFID tracker embedded in its hardware. No more trackers. Esperanza watches, her expression shifted to something a little more ambivalently curious.
“Are you going to be alright?” I ask. “Are the Rosas?”
“We’re good. Our girls will be just fine. They’re the best chance of getting a cure to the masses, aside from you. No offense, but I wouldn’t put my money on you. Not in the shape you’re in. You never know though, history has shown us you’re full of surprises.”
“I don’t like surprises.”
“Nobody really does.”
I stop at the door, laden with the vial, a medical kit, and a box of nano injectors.
“Is this cure going to work? I’m not going to travel all the way to Mexico City for nothing?” I ask, steeling myself for the cold burning sensation of the cloak and the dizziness it produces.
Nurse Esperanza watches me disappear into thin air with a quizzical expression.
“Fifteen minutes ago, I wasn’t sure invisible people existed. I’m willing to believe anything at this point.” She ushers me into the hallway with a wave of her arms.
“Thanks for not turning me into Prothero,” I say, voice subdued.
“Thanks for not giving me a reason to. You should really find a pair of shoes,” she whispers back, closing the door.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN:
FAILSAFE ACTIVATION
A wailing assaults my ears the moment I’m in the hallway. It’s the siren alerting all the residents on base to a General Assembly. The band’s digital read-out tells me it’s 2pm. Far too early in the day for this to be a normal GA. I turn and follow on the heels of a national service member like a specter drifting through a hallway. No one sees me in the haze of the cloak. Residents crowd the hall and push in all around me, making a sedentary stance impossible.
I lurch forward, a fish carried downstream, and let myself float. The drug, the beautiful wonderful drug Nurse Esperanza provided courses in my veins and I drift with it. Eyelids hanging at half mast, I observe the residents around me animated with excitement, talking loudly, teeth flashing, gesturing quickly. The fluorescents overhead wane, throwing haze on the edges of the world, pulling the tempo down to something relaxing and manageable.
The virtuals on the band buzz to life, flaring on in response to internal stimuli. An old folk song sputters from the band and I hum along to the music, carried in the surge of the crowd. The virtual displays images of Scar and the Rosas sitting around a firepit, singing lyrics. Scarlett strums a guitar to provide the background music.
A female resident in the crowd asks, “What are you watching?”
Oh, she can see me. I came uncloaked somehow. I try to cloak again but I can't concentrate or remember how it's done.
The resident waits for my response.
I shrug and chuckle, “I don’t know. Isn’t it nice?” I break out into a grin.
The female resident nods in confusion, offering up a placating smile. She nudges another resident next to her and whispers in his ear.
I draw the hood up over my head, scanning for nearby security monitors. My thoughts are too cloudy to reach them, my hold on the abilities as tangible as sand. Fine, hot sand. The images on the virtual swirl and dissipate without my control. The expanse of the Columbia spills out before me, with the sun shining on the churning water. In the scene, a group of us splash on the banks of the river on a hot summer day, tossing a frisbee.
I gaze around to see if anyone else watches our adventure, and aside from a small cluster of residents who are growing less curious and more suspicious, I catch a glimpse of Mateo weaving among the residents, bobbing along in the crowd. He moves in my direction, fighting the human current and making no gain. His mouth is a slashed line. He doesn’t see me. I throw an arm up and wave frantically. He doesn’t look over this way. A body moves between us, blocking my view for a fraction of a second and now I’ve lost him. He’s melted back into the tangle of people and I can’t pick him out. Where did he go?
The female resident moves closer, “Hey, aren’t you—”
Rabbit Santiago grabs my shoulder from off to my left, pulling me towards him, away from where Mateo vanished, and away from the inquiring female resident. I smile drunkenly, gasping for air. I can’t catch my breath. He possesses Mateo’s brooding demeanor and curved, soft lips. I remember killing Rabbit over and over again in the lab SIMs. The way the light looked leaving his eyes. I press against his chest. This Rabbit isn’t a simulation. This Rabbit is real.
“Eleni? How are you here?” he demands, gripping my shoulders with long pincher-like fingers.
“Like this.” I snap and the left band sparks, the virtual and music cut off. I laugh at the sudden absence of noise and light. “Easy.”
“What are you on?” he asks, disapproval weighing down the corners of his mouth.
“Pain medication. Totally legal.” I wriggle away from him and attempt to join the crowd.
“If you get caught they’ll kill you. Where did you come from? How did you escape?”
“I was waving at Mateo. You’re not Mateo. Are you? No, you’re not Mateo. You’re a conejo.”
His gaze darts to the rosary bracelet he wears. He got it back. How did he get it back? “I’m not Mateo.”
“Then who are you?” I ask.
“Eleni—”
“Nope, that’s me. I’m me. Who are you, Rabbit?”
He licks his lips. “You know me.”
“Do I? You’re not Mateo because Matty lives far, far away. In a land of hot limes and sun and stone. He needs me,” I murmur, my lids flagging. The warmth from the bands and his fingers weighs down my bones, deep into the marrow.
“What does he need you for?” Rabbit asks, stepping closer, towering over me. His eyes narrow. It makes me sad. I want to see more of his eyes. Not less.
“For the nano virus. I’ve got it. I’ve got the cure.”
“The nano virus? A cure for the nano virus?”
Rabbit swallows. A wild craving to kiss his Adam’s apple thrums against my lips and fades when I recall the image of him dying in the lab SIM. He is my enemy. He can’t be trusted.
His fingers distract me. They are so much larger up close, long and thin like living branches from a tree. I can’t stop staring at the perfect pink and white ovals of his nails juxtaposed against the tan of his flesh. I’ve never noticed them before. Little moons on his fingers.
“Please. Focus. This is important.” He gives me a firm shake. My head lolls up and I blink at him, trying to do as instructed. “You gotta get out of here Eleni. If anyone sees you, they’ll—”
“Where’s everyone going?” My vision catches on the crowd parting around us. “They’re moving so fast.”
“To a General Assembly. The base is on lockdown. Your image went out over the waves an hour ago. Contras bombed a Prothero lab in Mexico City. They’re deploying Academy residents. I think we’re headed into a debrief.”
“Are you going with them?” I ask, voice raising a frantic pitch. No. He doesn’t share the same fate as most potential soldiers. “No. You’re not going with them. You’re going to Mars. You were going to take me to Mars.”
“Things changed when you left.” He punctuates his words with a rueful Rabbit scowl. The bad nose wrinkle.
“I need to meet with Scar,” I murmur, turning from the heat of his gaze.
The left band clicks on and I squirm out of his grip to cover it, the projection filtering out anyway. An image of Rabbit as Mateo shivers to life. We embrace under a lime tree, the stars winking in the night sky above us. Rabbit takes a step back.
“What is this?”
“Nothing. Nothing!” I swipe at the entwined couple.
The images slide into my skin, down through my pores and deep into my bloodstream. Illuminated scenes play across my fingers and hands as if I’ve morphed into a virtual. The nanos surface and bend the light until my arm cloaks from view. I struggle to reverse the process, but I can’t control it. Not like this, not with my emotions tangled like a knot of hard wires.
Rabbit reaches out, touching my arm to confirm it still exists in the space he last saw it. He draws his hand away and the nanos come with him, sparking harmlessly. For a brief moment the skin on his hand turns translucent. He lets out a soft, surprised noise, twisting and flexing his fingers. The glow dissipates, his hand returning to normal. I look down, watching my own arm become visible again.
“How did you do that?” I ask, reaching for him.
That never happened at the Prothero lab. I never passed the nanos to anyone before. I didn’t think it was possible. Shocking and hurting them, yes, that was possible. But this benign gifting of the nanos. This is new.
“How did I do that? How did you do that?” Rabbit asks, brows raised like two fuzzy question marks. I have the sudden urge to brush over his brows with my lips and place a kiss on his forehead, to melt away the confused wrinkles.
“I need water.” I duck away from him.
I dash over to the nearest drinking fountain, taking five large swigs. Dunk my head in the water. The liquid doesn’t clear my mind. Rabbit stands behind me, waiting. I sense him breathing.
Before either of us speak, an officer interrupts, shouting an indecipherable order and shoving us along. I glance over at Rabbit, panicked. The officer caught me without a protective cloak. But he doesn’t notice my appearance, he isn’t even really looking at us. His attention is focused instead on the rapidly filling assembly hall.
Rabbit reaches for me. I grasp his outstretched hand, popping the hood of the jacket up over my head to provide a flimsy disguise. The officer moves away as a scuffle breaks out between two female residents. The stream of the crowd catches up with us, dragging us forward in the undertow.
We jostle across the threshold of the assembly hall, our shoulders bumping together. The doors clang shut behind us.
“Stay close to me,” Rabbit says.
I lean into him. “You stay close to me.”
Lieutenant Gutierrez’s booming baritone fills the assembly hall, reverberating off the walls. He announces all inoculations will be suspended until further notice. He wants to show us special footage from today’s Contra terrorist action in Mexico City. My heart implant thuds faster and louder.
“Terrorists bombed a critical Prothero lab in Mexico City. We quarantined the city due to concern over nano virus samples leaking into the water supply. Despite the greatest efforts of our urban peace officers, an increasingly hostile gathering of citizens continue to riot in the streets, endangering the other citizens and exposing themselves to the virus. A notoriously dangerous Contra group exists within the city walls and whenever we get close to eliminating this cell, they elude us. We believe an informant exists in our ranks, but are unable to locate her at present.”
“This is our target.”
My image appears on the virtual projection over our heads. It’s unsettling to see this large, pixelated version of myself, my stern face, tawny skin broken with scars, gleaming blue robotic eye, short black hair streaked with silvery grey framing my face and partially obscuring the nano tech spidering down my neck and diving below the collar of my shirt. I’m in the Prothero lab uniform. This is a recent image.
“Her name is Eleni Garza. Until three months ago when she declared her allegiance with the Contra terrorists by blowing up our arms depot and destroying our helos, she was a National Service resident. You may remember her from the Paris bombing, the death of her parents and Prothero’s revolutionary medical interventions that saved her from a similar fate were global news for a few weeks. Despite the losses she suffered, and the assistance provided by both Prothero and the National Service Academy, Garza chose a different path and allied herself with those who would seek to destroy our freedoms.”
“Eleni Garza escaped from Prothero custody early this morning and teleported here to Fort Columbia, destroying two telepads and wounding several officers and soldiers in the process. We believe she is here, somewhere on base, at this very moment. We are instituting a full security lock down until she is recovered. Our orders are to find her and remand her to the custody of Prothero once more. Alive.”
His emphasis on the word and the hard glint in his eyes betrays the meaning of his statement. Dead would suit him just fine. And the entire room knows it.
I exchange a loaded glance with Rabbit.
“Should she prove a clear and present danger to herself, this military installation, or your fellow soldiers and residents, I am authorizing lethal force. I’m not losing anymore good people or valuable property to this terrorist. Do not directly engage, if at all possible. Report any and all sightings to your superior officer immediately.”
“All residents are to report immediately to their afternoon assignments or to their barracks. Your team leaders will take headcounts every half hour until we are assured that Eleni Garza is not being harbored within this residential academy. Is that understood?”
The residents snap to attention and salute. I follow suit, making sure to keep my face shielded as much as possible.
“Sir, yes sir.”
“You may only travel about this facility after hours under the watch of a team leader or superior officer. Is that understood?”
“Sir, yes sir.”
“All technology will be monitored for incoming or outgoing messages pertaining to Garza and her whereabouts. Do not assume that anything you do on your bands is personal or private until the lockdown is lifted.”
“The elimination of terrorist threats at home and abroad is our top priority. We will not rest until this uprising is quelled. We will find and neutralize Eleni Garza. We will overtake Mexico City with ground units and ferret out the location of the terrorist cell once and for all. We will need an extensively trained urban combat unit, with access to innovative technology the enemy has not seen yet. We are going to need all of you. Ladies and gentleman, training is over. You are no longer residents. When you ship out in a week, you will be soldiers.”
He announces more instructions are forthcoming from our squad leaders. We will be issued tactical assignments based on our field training SIM units. Further information tumbles out of the speakers but it’s lost on me. I can only concentrate on the last horrible words he uttered. The images of the Mexico City bombing and its aftermath flicker above us. Rotating with an image of the terrorist Eleni Garza. Only after the virtuals click off and the lights swell back on do I realize tears leak from my eye. Rabbit squeezes my hand tightly in his grip.
“You OK?” His question brims with concern. I offer him a weak grimace and shake my head.
Behind us the doors groan open, and I turn to face the light flooding into the mess hall.
“What are we gonna do?” Rabbit asks. I’m momentarily stunned by his use of the word we. “Can you do the thing?”
“The thing?” I ask stupidly. My brain reels.
“The invisible thing,” Rabbit says. We’re being pressed forward by the crowd. I try desperately to dig my heels in and throw elbows to keep us back, but the academy residents are relentless. They want out.
“No. I don’t know. It’s not working right now.”
“Well how does it work?” We’re near the doors where two guards stand to either side, scanning bands and faces with recognition software. No one leaves until a green light flashes on the scanner.
“I don’t know. I can usually concentrate. But, right now—” I gesture frantically ahead of us.
“What helps? Something must help,” Rabbit insists. “You have to control it.”
I bite down hard on my lip. Our palms are pressed together in a hard bundle, our fingers slick with sweat.
“Well—” My mind flashes to the image of Rabbit Santiago under the stars. I wince painfully and draw a deep breath, my gut filling with spiders. “You do. I sometimes think about you. And it helps.”
“Huh.” He blinks and looks over at me.
I can’t meet his eyes. I concentrate instead on our clutching hands and for a moment my head spins, reeling out towards that pleasant fuzzy abyss I was enjoying mere minutes ago. Rabbit clamps down even harder with his fingers. It’s a firm, reassuring, comforting squeeze and it flips a switch in my brain. I breathe out through my nose and the shivery cool of the nano cloak rushes over me.
Rabbit’s hand disappears along with mine and I drop it when he lets out a surprised grunt. He holds his hand in front of his face and watches with intense fascination as his limb materializes again. He doesn’t have long to contemplate the sensation because we’re shoved into a scanning lane. I shift up against the wall, avoiding contact with anyone else.
Rabbit side-eyes the empty space where I stand.
“Eleni?” He stage whispers too loudly.
“Shhh!” I hiss and my voice comes out weird and digitized.
“How?” He nods towards the guards.
I shrug even though he can’t see me, chewing the inside of my cheek in contemplation. I’m not sure, now that I’m cloaked, how I’m going to get past the soldiers who are blocking the doors. There is very little room to maneuver in this wall of bodies.
As we inch closer, a familiar grizzling sensation crackles through my head. I could overload the scanners. But that might give me away. Or put Rabbit in danger. I survey him standing there with his rigidly held frame and scowling features. He looks suspicious enough without my meddling. My stomach clenches.
The line surges forward. Rabbit is next to be scanned. He glances over at where he thinks I might be, foreboding lighting his face. For a heart-stopping moment I consider how easy it would be for him to turn on me, and turn me in. It would be so easy for him to reveal my location.
Not so easy to catch me, of course. I would put up a fight.
Rabbit steps up to be scanned. I shuffle closer, as close as I dare. My muscles tense and the cloak shivers around me. I’m still not sure how I’ll pass these gates. Maybe I should wait here until the entire crowd has been scanned. Safe and silent and hidden under the weight of all these nanos. I can’t. It takes too much energy and concentration to remain invisible, especially once people are looking for you.
The soldier lifts the scanner and at the same time Rabbit pitches forward, loud coughs wracking his body. The soldier grabs his arm to offer support and waves her partner over. The line and scanning halts. Rabbits cough deepens and grows hoarse. It’s the perfect opportunity to slip past unnoticed.
I press my shoulder blades hard up against the wall and scoot sideways. There’s not much room between the chaos Rabbit has created and myself. I come within inches of the scanning soldier. As I pass by, she drops Rabbit’s arm and whips around to stare directly at me. She draws her weapon, glaring at the wall above my head.
My heart thuds deep in my chest. Sweat blooms and trickles down my armpits. Impossibly, Rabbit’s cough grows worse and he reaches out to the soldier to provide balance. The soldier, her arms straight and steely, squints, finger relaxing on the trigger.
“What’s up?” her partner asks.
“Nothing. I thought—never mind. Kid, you OK?” She turns back to Rabbit and pats his back. He takes a deep gulp of air and nods.
The soldier shrugs, returning her weapon to its holster. She waves her partner off, who returns to his post. With a final disgruntled glance at where I stand, she turns and scans Rabbit’s band. Then his face. Green light washes over him and she raises her chin slightly to indicate her approval. Rabbit steps through the gates and stumbles away, nodding as the soldier admonishes him to drink some water.
He shuffles off down the hallway crowded with residents. I pull the nano cloak tighter around my skin and bump towards him. He turns back once, eyes searching the sea of people for me. He seems to know I’m watching because he inclines his head slightly right, indicating a side hall that connects the barracks to an abandoned library building filled with mouldering books. I check for surveillance technology in the darkened hall. Aside from an electronically locked door which I can easily bypass, there are no cameras or audio recorders there.
The only roadblock to gaining entry to the abandoned hallway is the soldier posted at the door. They’ve decided to search resident barracks now. Panic surges through me. The walls are closing in. Rabbit veers off in the direction of the hallway with the posted soldier, but I leap towards him, knocking arms and elbows out of my way. I reach his position and grab the back of his jacket.
“Not there,” I say in his ear.
He reaches up a hand to brush at his neck where my breath tickled the hairs and the rigid stance of his body relaxes.
“Where?”
“Commons.”
Rabbit nods without turning and keeps moving ahead. There is a Commons about thirty meters away, on the left. He angles his way towards the open doors. Thankfully, no soldiers are posted there. I guess the Academy doesn’t see a purpose for limiting bathroom visits. Yet.
We pass through the doors unnoticed and shut them firmly behind us. I switch on the automatic locks and mute the audio devices.
Rabbit pushes through the third stall door. I follow, de-cloaking and sagging heavily against the metal frame, wiping absently at the black goo trickling from my nose. The heat from Rabbit’s stare burns at the base of my neck but I hesitate to return it.
“That’s seven things.” Rabbit breaks the tense silence between us. “On the Eleni Garza list. I’m almost running out of fingers to keep track.”
“Seven because I can cloak. Or seven because I’m a Contra spy?”
“I don’t know, Eleni—pick one.”
He wants to sound mad. I know he wants to hate me, but the edge in his voice won’t let him. Rabbit nudges my elbow. I turn slightly. There’s a wad of toilet paper folded in his hand. I take it from him and blot my nose clean.
“Thanks.” I pocket the black splattered toilet paper and chew on the inside of my cheek. “How much do you hate me?”
Rabbit blows air past his lips, the stall filling with the scent of cinnamon gum. I turn to catch him running a hand through his unruly curls, rubbing at the base of his neck.
“Hating you is not my problem.” He glances up at the ceiling. “It’s the opposite of my problem.” He moves closer, erasing the space between us in one step. “Do you want to know what my problem is?”
I nod, laying a palm flat against his chest. My fingers hit on a hard, round object beneath his shirt. An all-over tremble bounces up from my toes. I press my palm flat against his chest. I don’t need to lift his shirt to guess at the object. The rounded mystery item forms a slightly raised indent through the material, a chain looping his neck. He wears the coin necklace, the key to only one kind of lock. The metal tin with Mateo’s letters. He fishes the necklace out from under his shirt and it bumps against my skin, warm from contact with his.
“You found it,” I whisper, voice going hoarse.
“There you go,” Rabbit says. “That is my problem.”
“The tin wasn’t for you.”
“Then why did you leave it?”
I press the heel of my palm to my temple wires. Bright lights burst behind both eyes.
“You read the letters?”
“Every single one. More than once. It was basic code, Eleni.”
“Why?”
“You left them behind and I found them when I went looking for you. I was going to burn them. And then, I didn’t. I couldn’t.” He gives a heavy shrug. “I didn’t have you. But I had the letters.”
“Did you tell Prothero?”
He doesn’t answer immediately. Tilts his head to stare down his nose at me. “You know I didn’t. You know why I didn’t. Why’d you come back?”
“To help people. A lot of people.”
“Not for Scarlett?”
“What? No. I mean—she’s coming with me. We’re going to save her brother. We’re going to save the world.”
“To save the world? That’s why you left me?”
“Rabbit,” I say, voice breaking around his name. “I didn’t leave you. I ran from Prothero.”
He looks away, glaring down at the ground. “I can’t protect you from them.”
“That’s not your responsibility,” I remind him. “Not everything is your responsibility.”
He flinches. “Sure it is. And anyway, you’re trying to save the world now. What’s really going on, Eleni? What did the Matador ask you to do?”
I shake my head, chewing on the inside of my lip. “This isn’t about the Matador anymore. It’s about what I want.” I put my hand up and close it around the necklace.
“So what do you want, Garza?” He steps into me and my skin brushes against his hard collarbone. The band snaps to life, glowing blue and eerie in the dark.
I swallow and look up into his dark eyes. His slightly furrowed brow. The crescent shaped scar on his cheek. His hair curling over his big ears. I memorize every inch of his face because if everything goes according to plan this is the last time I’ll ever see him.
“Clint warned me. He said you’d ruin me. And you did. You ruined me,” he whispers, erratic flashes dancing around us, illuminating his mouth and nose. “You ruined everything.”
“Then let me go.” My hand curls around the coin and I pull. He leans down and his mouth melts into mine. Blue fire pulses and crackles in the air between us. He makes that low rumbling moan in his chest, and it shivers across my skin and tingles all the way down in my toes.
I almost stay. I want to stay here, pressing against him.
Our kiss deepens and he cups both hands around my face, his thumb rolling over the wires. He bends lower and his mouth moves over my cheek and up into my hairline. His lips make a burning track down my temple, my cheek, and over to my ear.
“There’s nothing left for me here,” he breathes, his words distorting and going fuzzy. “I can’t protect you, but I can help you. Let me do that. Tell me that’s what you want.”
I want him. I want him to be with me. It would be wrong to ask him. He’s not like Scarlett. He doesn’t have a reason to go. He wants me and I want him but I can’t bear that kind of responsibility. Mexico City is a one-way trip and there’s a strong potential for death. I can’t have another death hanging over my head. Not Rabbit’s death.
“No.” I give a sharp tug on the chain.
The coin breaks off from his neck and I break free from him, cloaking until I’m invisible. As I dash out of the bathroom into the hallway, the lights pop back on above.
Rabbit mutely watches me go.
I run fast, breezing past a startled guard. I pass by whole platoons of soldiers searching buildings, kicking through scrubby bushes, peering with rifles drawn into the leaves of blossoming trees. There is something ominous about their stern faces and institutional gaits, hard against the sumptuous spring landscape.
I race past them, and wander deep into the silent lakes, hiking up over the rocky terrain and dusty shrubs and red, sandy dirt. My bare feet are cold and dirty, but the revived nanos make quick work of healing the cuts and bruises. I hardly feel anything. I settle into a spot with a full view of the river.
Rabbit read all the letters from Mateo. He knows about my involvement with the Contras, the inoculations, Javier. He knows everything. And he still kissed me. He was still going to leave with me.
Far away from any meddling humans or surveying technology, I click on the band and access a Fort Columbia administrative database, masking the band IP with a proxy server address from Paris, also routed to a hub in Portugal and another in Pennsylvania.
Hacking brought to you by the letter P.
It will take them awhile to uncover my actual location. I dig into the personal folder and access the dossier on Rabbit Santiago. Resident personal information and net presence is scrubbed as soon as we enter the Academy, replaced by whatever public relations articles the information officers disseminate.
I hesitate over the file, drumming my fingers against the projected haptic keyboard. This is a huge violation. But I’m tired of being in the dark. I’m tired. I rip the files open, devouring the contents. It’s only fair if we reveal our secrets to one another. He took mine. I should be able to take his.
What I discover leaves a splash of acid in my gut. Rabbit lived with his parents and six other siblings in Mexico City until he was ten years old. His family fled the country during the worst part of the NV outbreak—with the rioting at its peak. He took up residence in Houston, Texas where his father, Hector Santiago, worked as a hovercar technician and his mother labored in the kitchens of Prothero’s Randolph Space Center.
When he was fifteen years old—six years ago—his sister Luna died as an innocent casualty in a shoot-out between Peace Officers and a Contra terrorist group. Shortly thereafter, Rabbit started work at the Randolph Space Center, first in the kitchens, then the laundry department, then as a server, and finally as a lifeguard until age sixteen. Personal stats indicate he is now twenty-one. There’s no information between the ages of sixteen and nineteen—until he joined the academy three years ago. School records are impressive. Athletics are on-point with what he mentioned months ago—basketball and track and field.
What happened in those three years? The Fullers and prison camp? Of course that’s not going to make it into anyone’s National Service file because residents can’t have criminal records. If they do—they get scrubbed from the administrative database.
I flip through the rest, hoping to find another connection. Some obvious statement or odd fact or anything that will give me a better picture of Santiago. Something explosive—like a tin of letters from a terrorist.
His medical records appear standard at first glance. Vaccines as a kid. NV but it’s dormant. Measles when he was eleven. Dental images and x-rays of a broken arm at age twelve. Pictures of a cast and a young Rabbit with a closed, unsmiling face. A black eye. Another picture of a slightly older Rabbit with a split lip and taped nose. Rabbit at thirteen admitted to the emergency room with a broken rib and internal bleeding. Rabbit at fourteen with a series of dark bruises punctuating his spinal column. Rabbit at sixteen with a knife wound on his chest. Near his heart, where a prison tattoo would go. Gang violence—the chart reads.
There are no more pictures of Rabbit Santiago.
No more Rabbit. Not for me.
A wave chimes on my left band from Scarlett: It’s time Len. Let’s go.

I spy Scarlett waiting outside the Academy main building, standing by a blooming cherry tree, shivering despite the temperate weather. Relief kicks the remaining fog from my brain. I wasn’t sure she would join me. It’s been a weird day. I release the nanos, the cloak falling away, and adjust the video and audio recorders. I should have spent all that time with Rabbit charging my batteries instead. We’re going a long way before we reach any more electrical stations powerful enough to feed me.
“Where did you disappear to?” I ask, noting the mascara smudged on her cheeks.
“I was putting this together.” She holds up a pack bursting with military supplies and rations.
“How did you get past security? The whole base is on lockdown.”
“Are you kidding me? I’m Scarlett Buford. I can do anything.” She winks.
I show her the care package from Nurse Esperanza and her pupils go wide with the revelation that Our Lady of the Infirmary is a Contra spy. Not a Contra spy, actually. A concerned citizen with ambiguous morality when it comes to curing a deadly disease. There’s a difference.
We cram the medical kit inside the already over-full pack. I keep the vial of blood tucked in my pocket. Scar doesn’t need to know about that yet.
“Great. Where’s your bag?” I ask.
She kicks a leg behind the trunk of the tree and it bumps up against a second pack.
“What’s the plan, Stan?” she asks with forced cheer, face a translucent mask of fear.
A wave pops up on the left band, distracting me from answering. I open the message. A cold snake strikes my stomach as an image loads of my open tin box gripped in a pair of chunky hands. Clinton’s hands. Text underneath the image reads: Clinton wants to negotiate. The message is coded from Rabbit.
I tap on the keyboard: For what?
A minute passes. More text appears: He wants you to meet him at the Commons in half an hour.
My finger hesitates above the screen. I write: No. I wait for a response.
The wave is quick: If you do what he wants your ties to the Contras will be destroyed. Otherwise, he’ll report you to the-
It cuts off. I hesitate for a moment, then type and send the final words: I don’t negotiate with terrorists. The band clicks off.
“Clinton has my tin with the letters. He got it from Rabbit.”
I try to feel something about Rabbit’s betrayal. Anything. But I’m numb. You can’t feel pain if you can’t feel anything. It’s a coping mechanism. Not healthy, but it will serve me for now, at least until we’re far away from here.
“Well shit. I always thought he seemed shifty and weird. What happens now?”
“He wants us to meet him outside the base—”
“We aren’t going. I don’t trust Clinton. He beat you in front of all those people in the SIM. What do you think he would do to you on a secluded part of the base?”
Kill me. Killing a terrorist spy would be his ticket to glory. It wouldn’t matter if he’d failed Aeronautics and flunked out of National Service. My death would make him something other than Senator Edmund’s son. He’d be a hero and I’d die a martyr.
The idea curdles my stomach, and a concentrated rage wells up in response. No more. Death and destruction is not what I want. My fingers come down hard on the vial of blood in my pocket. This is what I want. And I will stop Clinton or Rabbit or Scarlett or whoever gets in my way.
Scarlett reads my series of fluctuating facial patterns as these thoughts whiz through my head. She clears her throat with the authority and calm composure of a best friend.
“Don’t you even consider it,” she says. “You’re not going out like that. You’re not leaving me here again.”
“What other choice do I have?” I snap. Angry at her—angry at the fear riding through me.
“Len, you’ve had the same choice forever. Same choice we make every day. Stay. Or run.”
“Running is dangerous. I tried that once. It didn’t work out so hot.”
“That’s because you didn’t bring me along to help you. In case you haven’t noticed, you suck at making plans on your own.” Something like a real Scarlett smile drifts to her face. “First, you’re gonna need some shoes.”
She drops a pair of combat boots at my feet, so I busy myself with putting on socks and tying boot laces while Scar casts her eyes towards the base gate, gnawing at the tip of her thumbnail, deep in thought.
“We gotta get past the guards. What I’m thinking is this—I’ll explain how I’m going out to the Salt patch to prep it for our deployment to Mexico City. I know the guards on duty. I’ve dealt with them before. You go invisible and slip in front of me,” she says.
“I could blow the gate if need be.”
Scarlett frowns at the suggestion.
“Just the electrical components, though that might trip the metal security door, the failsafe. Actually, your plan is good. I like your plan. I’m all about nonviolence,” I say, cloaking out of sight. “Nonviolence is my thing now. No more explosions.”
“Hey you’re invisible again. That’s disconcerting. I’m not gonna get used to that.” She reaches out to touch the empty space where I still stand. “Let’s move.”
When we reach the gates, Scarlett extracts cigarettes from her pocket, offering them to the male and female guards and plopping the other in her mouth. She chats amiably about our impending deployment to Mexico City, mentioning her need to check the Salt crop to be sure it will survive an extended absence. The soldiers exchange doubtful glances. Scar bites her thumbnail—musing.
“We’ve had a mutually beneficial arrangement for a while. It works. But I’m gonna be gone for a long time. Maybe I won’t make it back from Mexico. Which means there won’t be anymore Salt. If you let me out tonight to check on things, I promise I’ll give you guys all the information to maintain the crop and plant more. I’ll turn the Salt business over to you.” She assists them with igniting their cigarettes, smiling coercively.
Another look passes between them, their interest piqued, and they move off to discuss. Scarlett flashes a thumbs up in my direction. I tread softly over the scrubby grass to stand near her. She squints in my direction and says nothing. We wait out their deliberation in silence.
The male guard returns, delivering the verdict. I don’t recognize him. He wears a helmet obscuring the top of his face, only his nose and lips are visible when he speaks.
“We want more than the Salt patch. You’ve been running Ecto too. Our buddy Diego says you’re turning a nice profit and won't share, even though he got you in the business. He says you cut him out and hooked up with Holmes. We have loyalties to our friend, but we’re willing to overlook it, if you give us both. The Salt and the Ecto,” the guard says, a gross sneer exposing two crooked front teeth.
Anger boils up from deep in my chest. I grip down on the taser in my pocket, contemplating its heft, considering jamming it into his exposed neck.
“Diego.” Scar’s jaw clenches and she works her teeth around his name like it’s a piece of sour fruit. “Why am I not surprised? You tell that little asshole, and I do strongly emphasize the word little, he gets nothing. He tried to take over my operation when I went on leave and nearly ran it into the ground. Is that what you want?”
The male guard shrugs. The female guard watches the exchange from a distance. I can’t read her expression. Ambivalence. I don’t like her. I don’t like this guy either. I don’t have time for this.
“Diego’s deploying along with you. Neither of you get to keep the drugs. So, why not hand them over now? Save yourself some trouble.”
“They’re still my drugs,” Scar says in a dangerous, even tone.
“Not anymore,” the guard says. “Not if I turn you in. Who are the admins and officers going to believe? Me or you? I mean, you’re friends with that Garza chick who turned out to be a Contra spy. Why should anyone believe anything you say?”
Scarlett delivers a swift kick to his groin and he crumples to his knees, moaning. She punches the portion of his nose visible below the helmet and he grabs at it, toppling to the ground.
The guard behind him watches in mute outrage as her friend goes down. She readies the plasma rifle to shoot, and it bursts into electric fire. The energy explosion happens so fast, I almost don’t realize it came from me. She tosses the gun to the ground and targets us with a blast from an EMP device instead. As before, the static electric shock and mild disorientation by-passes me. It warps the cloak, casting strips of colored light in all directions, revealing my position. My new, weaker eye implant registers a brief interruption then resets itself.
The guard stares in horrified fascination at the spot where I briefly emerged in a phantasm of light. Cloak renewed, I snatch her EMP device and Scarlett sweeps the guards legs out from under her. The guard drops, receiving another taser jolt from a fiendishly grinning Scar.
“Where’d you get the martial arts skills?” I ask.
Scars raises her brows with a comical grin. “I’ve got secrets too. You’ve never seen me in field combat exercises before. I can hold my own. And I barely chip a nail.”
I scan my band at the terminal built into the gate wall. An authorization request pops up on the screen. I glance frantically back at the groaning, inert soldiers on the ground. Extracting information from them to open the gate is not an option. Scarlett pokes me.
“Come on Len. It’s now or never.”
I close my lids, placing a hand on the tech, reaching into the recesses of my mind to connect with the device. Willing a miracle to happen. In the stillness, I listen for the transmissions of the machine. The buzzing current of digits and electronic pulses that will carry us through this security system. It’s a brisk, official signal accompanied by a mutter of perfunctory boredom. I push more heavily onto the pad, allowing the connection between my nano infused body and the screen to work its full magic. The purple code rolls over my vision and I tap it into the keypad.
With a sigh of resignation, the doors slide open and we pass out the other side. The sequence I enter falls into place and the failsafe gates swing down. One after another, all along the fence surrounding the perimeter of the base. It will take a while to untangle the codes to open them again. We’ll need every second of that diversion.
The cloak vanishes with a shudder of relief. Sustaining it is like running in place with fifty-pound weights strapped to each arm. The night is cloudless and there’s a full moon above. We break into a run.
For the next twenty minutes there is nothing but the chirp of crickets, the crunch of dry grass and rocks under our feet, and the panting of breath. We stop when we reach the halfway point to the Salt crop. I look off to the left, where the high-speed train grumbles by, flicks of electricity spitting off the tracks and cables. That’s how we’re putting distance between us and Fort Columbia.
“This way, Scar. We can hop the train before the base recovers from the failsafe activation.” I motion towards the tracks.
“OK, the thing is—I need to get an item from the Salt patch first. It’s important.”
I don’t press any further. After witnessing her take down the guards at the gate, perhaps she actually knows what she’s doing, maybe even a little more than I do.
Scarlett stares up at the darkening night sky, a melancholy sway to her head.
“I thought if I ever escaped National Service alive, the first thing I would do is go back to Biloxi. Find my brother. Pay off all my parents debts. There’s no chance we could just go there first, right? It’s only a detour of a couple thousand miles.”
I shake my head at her. She nods and moves away, but I grab for her.
“Scar, promise me if anything should happen—”
“Oh I do not believe we’re talking about this already. We’ve only been on the lam for like ten minutes. I don’t want to hear your goddamn death speech.”
I dig the vial of blood out of my pocket. “Stop being so melodramatic. If something happens to me, please take this to Mexico City. I want you to find Mateo Alvarez—the Matador. He’ll help you and keep you safe. Well, safer than you are now. Safe is a relative term for us.”
Scarlett’s fist closes around the vial and she grimaces down at it. “Is this blood? Are you seriously handing me a vial of blood right now?”
I nod. “This is important Scar. More important than either of us. More important than Mateo or Logan or Prothero or the Contras. You have to take this vial to Mexico City.”
“OK. I’m creeped out. But OK.”
We walk in silence. The field with the Salt plot is up around the bend in the road, about halfway between the base and the dam. Tucked away from a clear line of sight but easily accessible if you have an idea of where to look.
“What are we gonna do about these?” Scar asks, breaking the quiet. She taps the piece of tech wrapped around her wrist.”
“I’ve got a solution for that. Hold up your band.”
She does as instructed. I grip it and blue electricity flickers between the bands. The purple schematics pop up. I type in the security code. The notification chimes. As it fades out a stream of purple threads over Scarlett’s band and pulses between us, then flickers out. “There. Disabled.”
“And this?” Scar lifts her hair, tapping on the RFID on her neck.
“That too.” I touch it and the band gives off another hot spark.
We continue walking in another bout of silence. We’re almost to the field. Scarlett motions to me and I move up alongside her, dropping the hood off my head for full visibility. There’s a tented shack structure at the front of the field where Scarlett keeps supplies and she moves in this direction. The field isn’t large but around the Salt plot, grass grows knee high and in places, higher. I missed the majority of the spring rains.
Scarlett points towards the tent and I nod. We dim our bands and approach at a slower pace, limiting the noise we make to nothing but the rustle of our boots over the grass. Scarlett elbows past and takes the lead, indicating she will enter the tent first. I shake my head firmly and push her aside. If I’m stronger, I’ll go first.
A faint breeze is always present on the Gorge. The tent material flaps, inviting us in with waving arms. The scene looks ominous. I move the light around the entrance, noticing the trampled, flattened grass in front of the tent. I look back at Scarlett.
“What are we looking for?”
“Don’t laugh.”
“I’m not laughing. Tell me what it is.”
“You’re gonna laugh.”
“I’m not gonna laugh. I am gonna kick you in the crotch if you don’t tell me what I’m looking for.” I shine the light back at the tent.
What about this scene feels wrong? In the pause between my question and Scarlett answering, I realize what it is. The crickets stopped chirping. It’s unearthly quiet. The breeze shifts the dried grass, but the noise of animals has ceased.
“It’s a stuffed animal. It’s my stuffed dog. I brought it with me cause I got lonely out here tilling and planting and irrigating by myself. There’s a story behind it.”
“A stuffed dog? We came out here for a stuffed dog!? Scar, you’re ridiculous.”
“A dog stuffed with ten pounds of Salt and Ecto. Don’t you make fun of me! We need the drugs. The stuffed animal—is a bonus.” She strides forward, attempting to cut me off.
I hold her back. “I’ll go in. You wait here. And pull out your taser. I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
She snorts. “All the Salt is making you paranoid.”
“All the Ecto is making you stupid.”
She sticks her tongue out at me.
I arm myself with the taser again. It’s an inappropriate weapon out here. Rifles would be better. I make eye contact with Scarlett and she moves to one side of the tent, facing out so she can keep watch over the field. I poke the taser inside the tent opening and peer after it. The quiet interior looks non-threatening and inanimate, so I move into the tent. I don’t see Scar’s stuffed animal on the table in front of me, so I skirt around it. There’s a wood cabinet with a small countertop near a fabric wall off to the right and a couple stacks of fertilizer piled up next to it. The cabinet seems a likely place. I drop to one knee and open the door, spotting the stuffed dog on the top shelf.
Scarlett’s muffled grunt sounds from the front of the tent.
I swing toward the tent entrance and a foot knocks the taser clenched in my fist flying into the air. It lands and lays dormant on the ground ten feet away. My head swivels. I can see perfectly. It’s Luis Kang. His fist is doubled back to sock me but I aim a kick for his knee and he crumples. I kick him again, in the head, for good measure and he goes silent, unconscious. Outside, more commotion and males shouting at each other. I jump over Kang and peer through the tent opening, obscured by the material.
Clinton stands just outside the tent, with a plasma rifle aimed at Rabbit’s forehead.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN:
REUNIONS
Rabbit kneels in front of Clinton, hands in the air. Scarlett stands off to the side, cheeks smudged with tears. Rage explodes inside me. The bands warm, threatening to reveal my position. I retreat further back into the tent, keeping the scene visible, dousing the light.
“You’re pretty noble, aren’t you Rabbit?” Clinton demands.
Rabbit swallows and wipes at a bead of sweat lining his brow. “Let her go and call the authorities.” His voice shakes.
“No way. Garza ruined my life.” Fuller points the gun in Scarlett’s direction. Fear warps her features. “I should take hers. A fair trade, right? It’s not like anyone would miss her.”
The tin—my terrorist letter tin—is curled in one of Clinton’s fists. I steal a glance at Rabbit, who closes his eyelids like a man deep in prayer.
“Clint,” he says in the soothing tone you’d use to talk a madman down off a ledge. “Let me take care of it. Like before. Like with Skye.”
“Fuck off.” Clinton kicks Rabbit’s chest and he’s thrown back into the dirt.
Clinton drops the tin, stomps over to Scarlett and grabs onto a fistful of her hair. He jams the gun in her face. “After tonight, the only thing people will remember about you is that I killed you.”
Clinton’s back is to the tent and I stride out, unsure of what to do. I have no taser, no EMP, no rifle. I’m not stronger than Clinton. I’ve nearly passed the inert form of Rabbit when his hand snakes out and grabs my ankle, flipping me off my feet. I fly forward, my chin hitting the hard turf of dirt and grass. The coppery taste of blood bites my tongue. I glare over at Rabbit, who studies me with a bleak grimace.
“You’re going to get her killed.”
Clinton spins around, swiveling the plasma rifle in my direction. I overload the circuitry. The rifle explodes in his hands and he drops it, cursing. Rabbit uses the opportunity to pounce like a cat and barrel into Clinton, knocking him over. The two bodies wrestle to the ground, next to Clinton’s sizzling, popping rifle. The opened tin box rolls back towards me, across the grass, and letters spill out onto the ground, the red silk interior opened up like a screaming red mouth.
Scarlett shouts. The sound snaps me back to reality. The illuminated bands of the wrestling figures send light slicing back and forth in the air. With a reverberating boom Rabbit launches in the air, a bolt of orange trailing from his body. He lands fifteen feet away up against a tree, hitting the bark with a horrible thud. Amber projections pulse off Clinton in wild, frenetic patterns leaching from the metal bands around his wrists. He glowers over at me, his eyes orange, blazing lamps of fury and power. Blue electricity pulsates in the distance between us and without a second thought I cloak into the darkness.
I sprint towards Rabbit. I just need to check and see if he’s still breathing. Still be breathing Rabbit.
Please still be breathing.
Before I can reach him, Scarlett dives for another rifle close to her feet and I call out to her, warning. Clinton diverts his attention, the gun exploding in Scar’s grip. She drops it, shouting in surprise. Clinton lets out a guttural cry and attempts to tackle Scar but I meet him halfway there, tripping him with an outstretched leg. He hits the ground and I’m on top of him, pummeling with my fists. My fingers are bloodied and bruised within seconds.
The nano cloak momentarily breaks, flaring and sucking back into my skin. Clinton’s pupils widen as the light dims and I appear, straddling his body.
“Enough!” he roars, grabbing the bands around my wrists and squeezing them.
The bands squeal and a wracking pain roars over me. I’m on fire. Clinton electrocutes me with his orange fire and it burns through me, frying all my thoughts.
Scarlett screams my name. She delivers a frantic kick to the side of Clinton’s head and yelps in pain from the resulting electrical pulse, falling to her knees. The contact breaks Clinton’s concentration and releases me from his grip. I collapse off his abdomen, falling hard onto my side, my ribs aching with the jolt. I try to pull a cloak over myself but the nanos half form, then dissipate. They leave points of light in their wake, making me a brightly painted target instead.
Clinton reels from the jolt to his temple and Scar wastes no time in blinding Fuller with pepper spray. He claws desperately at his face, snot pouring from his nose. He gags and retches.
I hoist myself up onto my feet, kicking his ribs with the metal toe of my boot. He wheezes, unable to open his eyes. While Scarlett rips a shoelace from her boot, I roll Clinton over. It takes considerable effort and he administers a jarring orange pulse for my efforts.
The smell of burning hair makes me gag and as we work I notice my bands fritzing, nonsensical virtual images stammering off and on. Buildings exploding. Bees buzzing in an orchard. Emanuelle drinking whiskey from a glass bottle. Rabbit whispering in the shadows of the farmhouse. Clinton is shorting out my system. While the images stutter in wild patterns around us, we restrain and tie Clinton’s arms behind his back.
Rabbit stirs near us, emitting a low groaning noise. He landed up against one of the few trees dotting the landscape and he could be seriously injured. I leave Clinton tied up with Scarlett standing guard. She holds the pepper spray and another plasma rifle. She aims both devices at Clinton’s head. He is too disoriented to attempt another confrontation right away. She should be fine for a minute while I check on Rabbit.
Rabbit is laying on the ground holding the side of his skull. His face is puffy and his right eye is bruised. There’s a cut on his lip. Blood seeps out between his fingers and trails down his arm. He watches me move towards him but when I squat down next to him, he won’t meet my gaze.
“Move your hand.”
I push back my sleeves and light pulses from the bands. Their glow intensifies and blue luster bathes our bodies. The nanos are kicking back into gear and healing me from the evil orange fire. The extra illumination provides more visibility and I lean in to inspect Rabbit’s wound: his ear is mangled and a patch of hair and skin are peeled back, revealing bone beneath.
I wipe a band against my pant leg and tell Rabbit to hold still. The band glistens red hot and I press it to the side of his head where blood flows freely. A grizzling sound and the salty sweet smell of frying skin fills the air. Rabbit hisses in pain and claws at my jacket.
A good portion of the wound cauterizes but blood still dribbles from the side of his head.
“Damn.” I peer back at Scarlett, who has the gun trained on Clinton.
“Is it bad?” Rabbit asks, face turned away.
“Don’t talk to me. You lied to me. You betrayed me. I should let you die out here.”
“I betrayed you?” Rabbit scowls hard, wincing as the head wound re-opens. “You left me! Twice!”
“Stop scowling.” I heat up the band again. “Hold still.”
“You’re the terrorist. Not me. You betrayed—you betrayed everyone. You betrayed me. So, I don’t feel—” His words break off in a hiss of pain as the band fries his skin once more. “I don’t feel bad,” he murmurs, reaching instinctively for the wound. I bat his hand away.
“I don’t feel bad either.” I wipe the band on my pant leg.
“You should’ve let me help you.”
“Is that why you gave the tin to Clinton?”
“I didn’t give it to him. He took it like he takes everything. He tried to take you but you came back.” His face falls. He finally looks over at me. Meets my gaze. “You didn’t come back for me. What are you going to do? Where are you going?”
“To Mexico City.”
“Mexico City is a war zone.” Rabbit groans. “You’re going the wrong way.” He closes his eyes and leans his head back against the tree.
“Hey!” I shake his shoulders. “Don’t do that. You probably have a concussion.”
“I just feel—I just feel really, really warm.” He reaches up towards his wound again. I smack his hand this time.
“Scar, you want to grab the medkit in my pack?” I ask, looking over my shoulder. She stands over Clinton, pressing a boot against his ear, keeping his head to the ground.
“Don’t leave.” Rabbit wheezes, his hand brushing against my cheek and resting there. I turn back, startled. “Don’t leave me.” His eyes slump open.
“I need to get medical supplies.” I try to shake his hand off my cheek but it clings there. He smells like dirt and copper and chlorine. I hold my breath.
“I need to tell you something,” he insists.
I reach up to remove his hand from my burning cheek. But once my fingers touch his, I forget why I did it in the first place. What I was doing at all. I just sit there, holding his hand and he watches me with fire in his eyes.
Behind us, Scar clears her throat. She tosses a medical kit in Rabbit’s lap. He winces as it hits his crotch. Our hands come untwined and fall back to our sides.
“There ya go,” Scar says, conveying her infinite displeasure in only three syllables. “Could you stop mooning at him and fix his stupid head so we can get the fuck out of here?”
“Mooning? What the hell is mooning?” I mutter, reaching for the medical kit. Rabbit grabs and moves it away from my searching fingers. I glance up at him sharply. “What are you doing?”
“Eleni, I lo—” He raises his brows. His earnest expression drops like a lead weight in my stomach, spinning my head. I have to stop him. I have to stop him right now.
“You have a concussion, Rabbit. You don’t know what you’re saying.”
“Rabbit,” he says his own name, almost drunkenly. “I’m a Conejo, Eleni.”
“Yeah. You’re Rabbit,” I confirm, giving his arm a reassuring squeeze. I think I know what he’s telling me. But I can’t absorb it right now. Later. We’ll talk about it later.
“No, I’m a Conejo. Whatever it is you’re doing, whatever’s going on, I can help, OK?”
“Rabbit—”
“You’re not—you’re not listening.” His eyelids droop again and he sighs loudly. “No one ever listens to me.”
“Rabbit.” I give him a rough shake. His attention refocuses. “Stay awake. Stay with me.”
“OK. I’ll stay with you.” He smiles loosely. “Is that what you want, Eleni?”
I take a deep breath and try to quiet the parts of my mind that are screaming in affirmation. I have to be careful here. I don’t know Rabbit as well as I think I do. But I know how he makes me feel. I want that feeling. I have to fight that feeling. There’s no more Rabbit for me. There’s just the virus. That’s it. Just the fucking virus and the Contras.
“You want to come to Mexico City? And follow me on a suicide mission into a war zone?” I tilt my head at him, absorbing his words.
“I was born there. It would be like going home.” He gives me a crooked grin, trying to stand up.
“Whoa. Whoa there. Don’t do that. You’re OK, Rabbit. I'm here now. You’re going to be OK,” I say, putting a hand to his chest, over his heart, over his prison tattoo and the scar under the surface of his shirt material. His heart beats fast. Faster than mine. “You’ve survived worse things than a little head wound.”
He looks down at his chest, then back up at me, expression puzzled. “How do you—” His gaze shifts past my shoulder and his expression hardens.
I sense the electric charge radiating off Clinton, the enormous power he generates, before I even see him. I swivel around as Clinton breaks free of the shoelaces, burning through them with his bands.
They snap orange and the color dances across the material of his jacket, reflected in his red, leaking eyes. He knocks Scarlett over with an ember fist and the pepper spray and rifle fall to the ground, along with her gasping, crumpled form. I cock my head, the blue electricity firing up and sizzling over me, building a protective barrier around my body.
“I’m better than you,” Clinton calls across the distance.
I drop my gaze to Rabbit. He shudders in the chilled night air, eyes darting between Clinton and myself. He squints up at me.
“The only way out of here is through him,” he says.
I dash several paces away from Rabbit and fire off a bolt of electricity which strikes Clinton in the chest. Instead of knocking him backwards, the blue expands and he absorbs it, laughing.
“I told you.” Clinton shakes his head. “I’m better than you. They made me better than you.”
Clinton sends his own bolt of electricity through the air in my direction. The orange light dances over me, burning like a thousand suns.
Rabbit shouts behind me. I wave him away but Rabbit rises shakily to his feet and stumbles over. He touches my shoulder and a surge of energy rolls over me—over-riding the red fire and burning it out. Rabbit’s band ignites, bursting a lime green color. A virtual pours out of it, an emerald torch climbing towards the stars. It’s me. It’s my face against the backdrop of a night sky. I’m peering into a telescope while meteors dash by in the background.
“What are you doing?” I ask him, confused.
“I had an idea. Thought it might work.” He shrugs, and that strange, fascinated expression fills his face.
Our combined energy turns an aqua, turquoise color. The electricity pools and wraps over Clinton. He staggers but remains upright. The static increases in volume and size.
“Len, what the hell is going on!?” Scarlett shouts above the roar of the energy.
“We don’t know.” But it gives me an idea. I walk a few tentative steps closer to Scar. Rabbit trails behind me, transfixed by the electric storm we’ve created.
Scarlett shifts on the ground and rises, her band snapping on, shining a familiar purple color. I throw my mind out to it, whispering to it with all the sugar-coated nanos it could possibly want. It responds in kind.
“Come here.” I gesture frantically to Scarlett. “Come closer.”
She crawls away from Clinton, the energy from her tech rising in the air like a wave. It mingles with the aqua pulse, mutating into a throbbing shade of silver. The smell of burning ozone fills the air, the light blazing with painful radiance.
Clinton cries out, the orange hue in his eyes dying away, snuffing out with the combined force of our bands. He falls to his knees, calling out for us to stop. I bear down harder on the glow, pushing it at him with full force. It feels good in the center of all that compounding energy. Like there’s no more gravity. There’s a weightlessness and a dull roar in my ears. A whining. A high painful whining. It grows louder, drowning out all other noise until it’s all I hear.
The world in front of me tilts and swims off in my vision. A scorching pain boils inside my skull and the horrible whine lances like a shockwave through me. Everything is too bright. Pain forces me to my knees. The glow clicks off, absorbing back into the individual bands. Thick, dark blood trickles from my nose and ears.
Rabbit’s arms enfold me. He whispers indecipherable sounds into my ear. I can’t distinguish individual words, but the rumble of his voice pulls some of the agony out of me. I push away from him, scrabbling to my feet and catching sight of my hands lined with inky veins. The NV is fighting me and winning. I’m too weak.
My left eye blinks out of commission. My metal heart seizes.
Behind me, Scarlett shouts, the concern and hysteria in her exclamation sending a bolt of panic through me. Rabbit’s eyes slide to where she crouches, his mouth falling open. Fear grabs and squeezes my chest.
I turn to her.
Clinton holds Scarlett locked in his grip, the plasma rifle pointed at her right temple. Her pupils are wide, tears rolling in lines down her cheeks. A strand of blonde hair worked its way loose from her ponytail and flops down over her forehead. This little detail absorbs my vision, ballooning in size until it’s all I see—her curling wisp of straw colored hair. I remember all the times I tucked it behind her ear, trying in vain to tame it. Scarlett’s wild, curling blonde hair cannot be tamed. I smile at the thought.
Clinton fires the plasma rifle. It hits my stomach, the force of it carrying me backwards, air rushing out of me. I fall onto the ground next to Rabbit, who helplessly watches me drop. My abdomen erupts in a stabbing hot pain when I land. Scarlett screams. Clinton shouts. A burst of rifle fire erupts. Then silence. All other noise dies away. Black rushes in and I tumble down into it.

Hands are on my shoulders.
I grab for the skinny wrist of Rabbit. I blink lethargically. His band warms to a soothing green and disappears under my touch. He speaks to me in a running dialogue of phrases I can’t fully comprehend. Some of it is Spanish. It sounds like a prayer, and my gaze falls on his rosary bracelet.
Rabbit Santiago is a religious saint, praying over my dying body. Salty tears drip from him, anointing my stomach like holy water. His prayers are something like this, “Please don’t die. Please don’t die. Stay with me, Eleni. Stay here with me. I’m so sorry. I’m so so sorry. Stay here with me. Don’t die. Don’t die.”
Mateo’s letters are scattered on the ground by my head, spattered maroon with blood. I reach past Rabbit and grab one. It sticks to my palm. I shake my hand once to free it but the letter stubbornly clings to my fingers. I can’t let it go.
“Eleni, can you hear me?” Rabbit talks to me in his feverish whisper, cupping my cheeks with bloody fingers. How—how did they get so bloody?
“Where’s Scar?” I ask, words dry and scratching out of my throat.
“Len,” she whimpers. I look over at her. She’s bloody. I can’t discern if the blood is hers. We’re all bleeding.
“Don’t come closer! I’m contagious!”
She winces as if struck. Her bottom lip trembles. A tear winds its way down her cheek and falls to the ground, moving slowly at first then taking off at an incredible speed. I grow dizzy watching it. To ward off the swoon, I close my eyelids and the world around me recedes in a pleasant black splendor.
Rabbit shakes my head and my eyes pop open.
I try to sit up and they both hold me down. I push past them anyway into a sitting position so I can survey the area. Throbbing fills my gut but I ignore it. I look out over the field and see Clinton crumpled in the grass. I let myself fall back towards the earth, sated he can no longer hurt anyone. At least one monster has been eliminated. My insides cramp and dizziness washes over me.
“I’m sorry,” I murmur, to no one in particular.
Scar tells me to be quiet.
“No. I’m not a monster. I’m not a monster, Rabbit. I’m not.”
His lips touch my temple and he whispers against my fake ear, “You’re not. I never thought you were. Just hold on for a little longer. You’ll be fine, Eleni. You’re fine. You’ll be OK. It’s OK.”
His tears land on me, rolling into my mouth and overriding the taste of copper and metal.
“Rabbit,” I say with a heavy sigh.
More shadows fold in.
My eyes open once more and Mateo swims into view above me. I reach out to him. He shifts towards me, presses against me and warmth spreads over us like a blanket. My body burns with cleansing blue fire. My hand, still clinging to one of his letters, closes around the back of his neck. My fingers trace up past the curls and into the short hairs on the nape of his neck. Part of Prothero lives there. Everywhere. It’s evil signature lurking in all the technology I touch. I will burn it out. I will destroy Prothero if it’s the last thing I do.
Mateo’s mouth meets mine and the world recedes, all thoughts of Prothero vanish in our kiss. The wristbands fry the already damaged skin of my wrists. I don’t open my lids but light brightens around me. Mateo’s lips are scorching. His lips and arms and hands are hotter than the sun.
My implant skips every other beat. A heavy weight builds in my chest. The pain in my wounded stomach disappears. I don’t let go of Mateo. I don’t let him go this time. I’m not going to leave him. Scarlett cries and pleads in the background. Copper and wires and limes and chocolate assault my taste buds. The smell of sweat fills my nose.
The fire in my veins is unbearable. It’s all I have left. If I stop kissing Mateo—when I stop kissing him, I’ll be dead. The panic and weight of this knowledge drives me upwards. The electric pulses explode out of my veins like millions of microscopic rockets. My body explodes and Mateo goes flying away from me and disappears into the night.
I let him go. I’m sorry, Mateo.
Scarlett rises above me in the night sky, pale and luminous, like a faraway moon orbiting the earth. Her voice ebbs and flows around me, singing in all the beautiful timbres I remember. Singing like the sweetest machines and happiest memories. My lids close and I don’t open them again. Colors and shapes drift before me as random scenes crash into view.
My parents explode. Scarlett laughs, her skin dappled with sunlight. A meteor shower kicks off in the night sky. The Eiffel tower at sunset. Mateo under the lime tree. Rabbit Santiago framed in the blaze of a firefight. The Rosas twin ponytails swaying out from under their hats as they walk down the hall. Nurse Esperanza setting the medical kit on the counter. Dr. Dawson steepling his fingers and leaning towards me. The biting plunge of a needle into my right bicep. The tin box yawning open, the letters spilling out. The vial of blood resting in my open palm.
I’m collapsing inside myself. My limbs are too heavy to lift. Every second stretches out into minutes and hours and days and years.
I don’t want this. I don’t want to die. I didn’t cure the virus. I didn’t save Mateo. I didn’t save anybody.
This is wrong. I’m a dying star, burning a hole through the galaxy, sucking everything up in my gravity. My eyes close for an eternity. I’ll never open them again.
A heavy, familiar hand covers my heart. It pushes down with all its strength, crashing into my chest, down past my ribs until my internal organs are exposed. The hand pushes me down further into the inky blackness, where the moon and stars can’t reach anymore.
My metal heart stops beating. I don’t want this. This isn’t how it’s supposed to end.
I’m dying.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN:
RUNAWAYS
I’m sitting in the middle of dead bodies. My best friend, Eleni Garza is dead. The boy who killed her, Clinton Fuller, is also dead. I killed him. Rabbit Santiago, the kid who started this whole mess, he’s administering CPR to Len’s lifeless body. It was the first thing he did after she went all blue and glowy and propelled him into the air like a rocket. He scrambled back to her on his hands and knees, pushing down on her chest, cracking her ribs, gasping his hot air into her lungs.
I’ve been useless since shooting Clinton’s brains out. I could have called for medical help over the waves. I could have grabbed the med kit and—did what exactly? I’m not a medical resident. Not smart enough for that. I can’t remember most of the simple triage we all learned in basic. First Aid certified and what good are those skills now when I’m reduced to sobbing and rocking and hugging my knees like a five year old. The med kit from Len’s backpack is tossed to the ground three feet from the tree Santiago landed against and I only stare at it like an idiot child. I’m so close to fetal I should suck my damn thumb.
Santiago stays busy, buzzing around the scene with nervous, frenetic energy. If he stops moving he will collapse and pass out. He keeps going back to Eleni, touching a new spot on her. Cursing. Speaking out loud, moving between his two languages in a flurry nearly impossible for me to decipher. I’m multilingual, but not at that rate. It’s exhausting to watch, so I tune him out and concentrate on breathing through the wash of snot and tears.
It’s Rabbit who snaps me out of it. He calls my name. The urgency and authority in his voice cracks like a whip against the slower, sludgier parts of my brain. I draw a bloody arm over my forehead. I don’t stop to consider what bloody crusty parts of Clinton cling to me. We’re all a gross mess. We’re all bloody and broken. But only two of us are alive.
Eleni. I can’t look at her empty shell anymore. I rise up from the ground. There’s a tarp in the back of the tent. I grab it and fold it over Len. This is right. This is the right thing to do. Rabbit disappears from view, but I hear him near me, vibrating on some awful key, raising goosebumps across my body. Touching and moving objects around. Muttering to himself? I don’t know. I almost wish he would disappear entirely. It’s easier to focus once the cerulean blue tarp is laid over Len. I’m sitting on the ground with my legs folded and touching the top of the tarp. Smoothing it down. Holding it down. We need rocks. We need to secure this tarp.
Rabbit emerges from the tent behind me, I turn as the rustling of the material distracts me. How did he get in there without my noticing? He’s wearing Len’s bag. He’s carrying a plasma rifle. He drops a soft, bulky object in my lap. My pack. I lean my head back and look up at him. His stupid curly hair drapes over his features like curtains drawn in a darkened room. He looks funereal and positively ghoulish from this angle. I shudder and hug myself. I’ve been praying down here next to the tarp and I don’t even know how long.
“Scarlett,” Rabbit says. I’m surprised at his calm. It’s eerie. “You need to get up.”
He extends a hand to me and I nod vacantly, accepting his help onto my feet. I wobble and he steadies me with a strong, steel grip. His long, alien fingers dwarf my shoulder and he looms over me like a scarecrow in the middle of a cornfield. If I only had a brain. I blink at his empty face. We couldn’t rub two brain cells together.
Len is dead. A wave of panic and emotion threatens to level me, but Rabbit’s grip intensifies and holds me in place.
“Scarlett,” Rabbit says my name again.
He holds up a piece of cloth and I accept it blindly, scrubbing it across my hot cheeks. My vision clears. He nods. He’s good. He’s good with trauma.
“What are we going to do?” I croak around the frog sized lump in my throat. Speaking out loud here, amongst the dead, has a sacrilegious undertone. I’m not sure how I’m going to make it another five minutes in the silence. Poor Len. It’s dark forever under the tarp. I want to lift the material and look at her one final time.
“We should move her,” I whisper. “We should put rocks on the tarp to hold it down. We should send a wave to Nurse Esperanza.”
Easy as that, all the plans of action slip into my brain, one after another. Diving in on top of each other in an avalanche of reason. Rabbit shakes his head slowly, absorbing each of my statements and refuting them with a flop of his hair.
“Scarlett. There’s no time. We’re going to run,” Rabbit says. I nod. This makes sense. This is the perfect plan of action. No. No it’s wrong. The idea of leaving Len here, abandoning her to the cold for wild animals to—
“We can’t leave her,” I insist, sinking like a stone to the tarp. Didn’t it look like she was sleeping? Maybe we should check again.
“You can’t stay here.” Yes, that’s true. “You killed Clinton.” Yes, that’s also true.
“We have to leave now?” I ask around watery hiccups.
“It’s our only chance,” he says. “Let’s go.”
He pulls my arm up and I drift with it, clutching the handle of my pack. He drags me away from the Salt patch. Away from Eleni. He’s stomping and dragging and I’m flopping along in his wake, watching her body recede to a distant point on the horizon.
“Someone will find her,” Rabbit assures me. He rustles his hair and it sticks out at odd angles from his head, the follicles coated with sweat and blood. I stifle a nervous laugh burbling up from my belly. Who laughs at a time like this?
“Where are we going?” He frets, stumbling over clumps of grass and stones as we move north through the dark. I’m waking up. Absorbing his statements, turning them over like flapjacks on the hot griddle of my brain.
“Len wanted to board a train to Mexico City. The bullet train goes south,” I whisper.
Rabbit stops in his tracks. I stop too, because he was providing all the forward momentum. It’s all I can do not to collide and become entangled in his thin, wiry frame.
“Mateo,” he spits the word out like it tastes nasty. The name pushes a button in my mind. “The Matador. Mexico City.”
I shake my head sluggishly. We can’t go there. I don’t wanna go there. Eleni wanted to go there. She made me promise her. I dig around in the pocket of my uniform pants, bringing back the vial of blood. Rabbit makes beady eyes in its direction.
“What is that?” he asks.
“It’s from Len. We need to take it to Mexico City to help the Contras. And my brother,” I say. “It’s a cure for the new strain of the nano virus. She thought she was gonna save the world. Heh. Save the fucking world, right?”
Rabbit reaches for the vial and I give it over. He cradles it in his palm, taking a long glance back at the blue tarp. Tears spark in his eyes.
“Holy shit. She was going to save the world.” His voice cracks.
“What the fuck did you think she was going to do?”
“I didn’t know,” he says. “I wanted to help her. She wouldn’t let me help her. And now she’s gone.”
His lip trembles.
“So, help her.” I gesture towards his hands. “We can still help her.”
He nods and pockets the vial. “We’re going to Mexico City. We’re going to cure the virus.”
We could be safe there, if we could find the Matador.
Rabbit and I exchange a heavy gaze. We are the pallbearers of a double funeral, moving away from the grave site, catching a midnight train to a warzone. It seems inevitable we should end up there. Cosmic. The planets of fate aligning in two deaths and us here tumbling across the open field, radiating a signal to Prothero authorities we survived and Len didn’t.
We can’t stay here. We can’t stay anywhere now.
We need to escape.
We’re going to Mexico City.


EPILOGUE:
RESURRECTION
Wake up.
A voice like a bolt of lightning crackles through my brain. Sings up my veins.
Wake up.
Another jolt like a rough, tearing gasp of air into my lungs. The unpleasant burn of oxygen. I can’t breathe. I can’t breathe under here. Under here? Under where?
You cannot sleep, Eleni Garza.
Sleep? Was I asleep?
WAKE UP.
My eye pops open. Just the one, the robot eye.
Everything is blue. The stars have gone out. I can’t breathe. My left arm lifts and pushes against something cold and it crinkles. It’s plastic. I push and lift. The stars swing into view.
I want to get up. I need to get up.
Not yet.
The voice drives my arm down, back to the ground. My eye snaps shut. The tarp falls over my face. I can still breathe. It hurts but I can still breathe. I can feel my metal heart beating. Slow and sluggish and painful. But it’s still beating.
Soon. I will see you soon.
The voice whispers, tickling my ears and sending shivers rolling like live wires over my skin.
I’m alive. Help. I’m alive.
And something powerful wants me.


A SNEAK PEAK AT TIN ROAD,
THE SEQUEL TO METAL HEART
Rabbit Santiago wants me to shoot him. It’s only with a hand-held EMP, and only to obscure the signal transmitting from the band around his wrist. But considering tonight I already shot and killed his best friend, it’s a tall and brutal order. I’m rooted to the spot—finger poised on the trigger—when the sound of sirens stirs us. A hovercar is on its way.
We hear the wails before we see it mount the horizon, floating above the ground like a flashing gray ghost. My finger twitches against the metal and the EMP gun kicks. Rabbit grits his teeth as a pulse sucks all the juice from his tech.
“That hurts,” he grunts, rubbing at the glowing band.
“It shouldn’t.” Aside from an unpleasant static cling, the EMP guns are harmless.
“Well it does. Now get down.” He grabs my arm and pulls us both to the earth. My knees hit the dusty grass first, and then my chin grinds into the rough soil. I curse under my breath, but Santiago doesn’t seem to hear it. I wipe at my throbbing chin, smearing a crusted patch of blood I didn’t even realize was there.
His instincts aren’t bad. The hovercar rolls about a thousand yards past our position, towards the signal emitting from Clinton Fuller’s band. The RFID called them here. Two flood lights attached to either side of the vehicle’s windshield kick on and the body of our deceased friends are now bathed in eerie blue light. Beside me, still gripping my wrist with his fierce bony fingers, Rabbit sucks in a breath and blows it out. I catch a whiff of cinnamon, overridden immediately by the tang of sweat and metallic odor of blood.
Eleni and Fuller’s blood. We’re covered in it.
“We need to get out of here,” I say, my vision locked on the scene. Neither of us moves. We’re transfixed by the steady motion of the machine and the fact that two people died tonight because of what we did.
The metal ramp rolls out of the bowels of the hovercar with a clinical thud and medical officers emerge, carrying a single stretcher and medical equipment. Half of them run to Fuller's inert body and the others cautiously approach the tarp we laid on top of Len. I don’t know if I can watch this. I don’t want to see them lift her shroud. I can’t see her body again.
“Let’s go.” I climb to my feet, dislodging the steel vice grip Santiago has on me.
“Scarlett, wait.”
“We can’t. We need to get to the water. Wash the blood off our hands. We’re covered in blood.”
“I know.”
“Then what are you doing?”
“Maybe they’re still alive. Maybe—maybe we can fix this.”
“I shot Fuller in the head. Nothing can fix that.”
The medical officers far across the field have radioed for backup. More vehicles approach, wailing off in the distance.
“Shit,” Rabbit says.
“Let’s move.” I grab his arm this time.
I don’t see or hear or feel anything for the next fifteen minutes except the reverberating thump of my heart, the pound of our legs over the dry grass, and the labored breath ringing in my ears. We hit gravel, then train tracks, dashing over them and skidding down an embankment to the lip of the river. Rabbit sheds his pack—no, not his pack, Len’s pack—in one swift, almost graceful movement and plunges headfirst into the water. I stand on the shore watching him, my boots crunching in the silt. He’s gone for a while. He’s gone for too long.
“Rabbit?” I send the question out over the undulating water. The current is fast and strong. He could’ve been carried far from shore by now.
There’s only silence.
Finally, after almost a full minute he explodes up from the water, gasping loudly. OK, he’s breathing. It’s my turn. I crouch near the edge of the water as he comes slogging out, his body dripping wet—heat and moisture steaming from his head. He unintentionally splashes me but I hardly notice. He looks like someone took a bucket of water to a scarecrow.
“You were under for a while,” I say.
He doesn’t answer. He walks a few feet from where the water touches the edge of Oregon and he falls into a heap. I turn my attention to the bitter cold river lapping softly against the shore. Everything is moving. Nothing stops just because we fucked up. We can’t stop here either. Not for long.
Once my fingers are submerged in the Columbia and I’m wiping the red from under my fingernails—I realize the cold is not that bad. Warmer than I thought it would be. The bare skin of my clean hands eases the tension in my neck and shoulders. I wipe my hands on the outside of the pack. There’s blood caked everywhere else on my body, but at least my hands are clean.
“We gotta keep moving.” My eyes flicker over to Rabbit washed up on shore, nothing but a skinny pile of laundry.
He makes an indecipherable grunting noise and drags himself up from the sand. He walks over to the embankment, crawls to the top, and peers over. I join him, elbowing up next to him and grinding my shoulder against his. His gaze doesn’t flicker away from the chaotic scene across the field.
The hovercars still perch near the Salt patch. My Salt patch. I’ve spent an entire year cultivating that crop. My stash of Ecto and the remaining vials of Flash are hidden there. The sounds of the officers rummaging through the shed and their headset chatter drift across to where we sit. Rabbit’s breathing is labored. I shake his shoulder roughly.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“I don’t know.” He doesn’t pull his eyes away from the hovercars and officers. “I can’t breathe. Everything is fuzzy.”
“Can you pull it together?”
“Yeah, I can.” He runs both hands over his face.
He notices the wet bandage and peels it from his head, dropping it to the ground. DNA evidence. We shouldn’t leave it here, but what does it matter? Rabbit’s DNA is all over Len. Their genetic material all mixed up. His saliva on her lips. I swallow at the hard snarl of grief building in my throat. Rabbit's in shock. So am I. But not all my instincts have fled.
“We can’t leave that here.” I poke him and pick up the bandage. “We’re fugitives now, dummy. Everything is evidence. Everything we do leaves a trail.”
He says nothing in response, so I slide down the ravine to the river and toss the bandage in. He joins me at the shore.
“It’s safer to walk down here, out of their direct line of sight,” he says.
I shrug. I’m certain we’re leaving footprints behind us, but there’s nothing we can do about that. We can’t stealthily and quickly escape. We’re on foot. They have hovercrafts and thermal scanning and—oh shit, they have thermal scanning.
“Thermal scanning, Santiago. They’ve got thermal scanners on the drones. And we’re crawling with RFIDs in these Academy clothes. We are so screwed.”
Rabbit surveys his clothes and our equipment in mute surprise, as if he’d never considered such a possibility before. Of course he hadn’t. He never planned to escape.
“We’re not going to make it to Mexico. We’re not going to make it another 500 feet.”
“Walking in the river would keep our core body temperatures down.”
“But the cold and current might kill us.”
“Prothero’s going to kill us. I’d rather be cold than—” his voice breaks and he stops moving to close his eyes—“dead.”
He stops to regain equilibrium. I stop with him. I need a little equilibrium too.
“We’re going in the water then?’
“Unless you have a better idea.”
I veer off towards the river and hoist my pack up onto my head like we learned in field exercises, then wade into the water up to my neck. Rabbit follows suit. The water is so cold it momentarily steals the breath from my lungs. That’s fine. There’s not much to say at the moment.
Ten minutes pass in silence as the current carries us away from the dead and back towards the base.
Rabbit interrupts the quiet.
“Hold up. The band’s back on.”
“Oh god finally, I can’t feel my toes.” I breathe a sigh of relief as we head back to shore. I duck my head under the water before we hit the sand and feel the caress of the water pulling the blood and brains out of my hair. There were brains in my hair.
I toss my pack to the ground and flop my water-logged head down on it. Stones and scrubby grass patches poke my back and provide an uneven cushion, but since I’m numb with cold from the neck down, it hardly matters. Rabbit grabs the EMP gun, fires another round at his wrist, and our tech goes dark.
“We’re not moving fast enough,” he says, face set in a scowl. “The EMP is slowing us down. I’m slowing us down.”
It’s true. Our progress through the water is a struggling crawl and the nearest train station is an hour away on the other side of Fort Columbia. We’ll have to travel past a heavily fortified military base to make it to the very first stop on our destination. With an entire arsenal of soldiers who will be looking for Rabbit Santiago, because according to the registration on the plasma rifle—he killed Clinton Fuller. Then again, according to the prints and DNA evidence also on the rifle, so did I. I killed Clinton Fuller.
“What do you suggest?” I ask quietly. The thought of killing someone, even an asshole like Fuller, has a sobering effect.
It doesn’t seem possible, but Rabbit’s scowl grows deeper.
“Nothing.” He climbs to his feet, dripping wet. “There’s nothing we can do about it. At least, not right now.”
Huh. He might not be a super telekinetic wizard like Len, but maybe he has a kernel of intelligence rattling around inside his shaggy head.
“Back to the water,” I mutter.
The thought of dipping a single part of my body back in the freezing river makes the teeth in my head chatter. Rabbit doesn’t hear or at least pretends he doesn’t. The only option left is to suck it up. Within the first few minutes of re-entering the water, my teeth clack together uncontrollably. My lips might be turning blue. Everything is numb and I can’t even form words. It’s just so damned cold.
Our progress is painfully slow. Every fifteen minutes our tech resurfaces and Rabbit wipes them out of existence with the single pull of a trigger. The mood in our little party is sullen and soaked. Maybe it paints me out to be a terrible person, but at the moment the only thing driving me forward is the promise of a hot shower in one of the train Commons. And maybe a warm blanket to snuggle up in. It’s only half an hour away now.
I’m envisioning my numb fingers closing around a steaming mug of hot chocolate when the sound of dogs barking breaks the silence off to our left. They’re probably a few thousand feet away, but getting closer. It’s hard to tell if they could pick up our scent from each of our brief adventures out of the current.
“We forgot about the dogs,” I whisper hoarsely. The icy waters have closed their fingers around my throat. It’s difficult to breathe, let alone speak.
“They won’t smell us out here,” Rabbit says, but his words are coated in doubt.
“You don’t sound so sure.”
“I’m not.”
“Well, hell. What do we do now?”
He stops and turns to look at me. At the same moment our bands thrum to life and throw dim splashes of light on our faces. His lips are dark and deep bags hang under his eyes.
“You look awful,” I say.
“So do you.”
It’s my turn to scowl. “Let’s go back to shore.”
We make another foray onto dry ground and it’s only once my body leaves the life-draining tendrils of the Columbia that I realize I can’t force myself back in. We’re gonna have to take our chances on land. Rabbit does his EMP business—the light fades—and we lay on the gritty edge of the river gasping air into our defrosting lungs. I take the opportunity to glance around and realize we’ve reached the far edge of the base. A guard tower climbs into the sky several hundred yards ahead of us. The docks lay beyond that.
I nudge Rabbit and tilt my head towards the docks. The lights in the guard towers blink on, filling the night with a flood of white light. The illuminated circles sweep the river water in wide, arcing rotations. The sounds of the dogs and soldiers grow steadily closer. A siren peels through the muffled din, startling me. I grab onto Santiago’s shoulder and he glances over at me.
“It’s OK,” he whispers. This time he actually sounds reassuring. “This is standard procedure. They don't know where we are.”
“Standard procedure,” I echo in a dull, unhappy voice.
“Exactly.” He stands, catching my arm and dragging me up with him. His hand melts around mine. It’s warm—warmer than my own. He loops our fingers together and pulls me forward. It’s stumbling, fumbling progress over the earth.
“We’re a few steps ahead. We can make it,” Rabbit says.
We make a bit more progress on land and then the docks emerge into full view. There are guards posted at each tower. The towers climb up out of the water—enormous metal and stone structures supported by huge concrete pylons—leaving about twelve feet of gap between the current crest of the river and the docks.
Cargo containers sit piled up along the walk, between the base gate and the docks. They could provide some cover, but there’s no way to bypass the electrified razor wire fence. Thermal scanners and security cameras are everywhere. This port is heavily fortified. There’s no easy passage through this part of the river.
“I’m waiting for another bright idea.”
“Back in the water. We have to swim under the docks. It’s the only way to avoid the tech and guards.”
“I said a bright idea.”
“It’s our best shot. Doesn’t get any brighter.”
“Should we dump the packs? They’ll sink us like stones and we’ve got a long way to swim. They are probably crawling with RFIDs and nano tech anyway.”
“I need to get something first.”
He drops to his knees and unzips the pack. I do the same with mine. My stuffed dog, Toto is the only thing I can carry. He might get a little wet, but at least the drugs and stipend allotments inside him are sealed in a plastic baggie.
I glance over to see what precious cargo Rabbit unearths from Len’s bag. There wasn’t anything personal left of hers to pack, aside from her tin box. Sure enough, when I turn the hateful treasure is gripped tightly in his hands.
“Oh hell no.” I reach to pull it away from him.
He sweeps it out of my grasp and glowers at me.
“I’m not getting rid of this. Eleni died for this box.”
“She died because your best friend shot her but—you know—I guess that’s a minor detail.”
“She died to protect the Contras. She died protecting us,” Rabbit says.
“She died because of what’s in there. You really want to drag that kind of burden around with you?”
He doesn’t respond. Instead, he grabs out a large baggy of rations from the pack, dumps out the contents, then stuffs the tin inside. It pulls against the sturdy plastic but Rabbit persists. He zips the ration bag closed and stuffs it up inside his shirt, tucking the shirt material down into his pants and wrapping his jacket around it.
“You’re such an idiot. You look like such an idiot.”
“At least I’m not holding a stuffed animal.” He points at the fake terrier.
“This stuffed animal is going to save our lives. More so than that sad bastard box of yours.” I poke his chest.
He bats my arm away, retreats to the water, and submerges himself. I grab my bag, feed it to the hungry churning mouth of the river and follow his lead. The water is thousands of tiny needles pricking my skin. My limbs are already exhausted, trembling with effort. I don’t even want to imagine what kind of ridiculous figure I cut, splashing underneath the pillars.
I resurface once the comforting womb of the docks folds over us. We’re in the shadow of the structure and I can see the rust of the metal slats and cobwebs and all sorts of grimy dust that has lodged itself in every nook and cranny underneath the dock. Rabbit’s head bobs to the top of the water and his lips are dark again, the bags under his eyes deepened.
“Only five more to go,” I whisper, my voice echoing.
He nods and we roll under the water again—two flailing humans doing our best to avoid detection. I emerge two docks down the row and see Rabbit is already clearing the last dock.
“Jerk.” I surge down into the depths again, my whole body wracked with shivers.
My arms and legs are cramping up by the fifth dock and I can no longer hold my breath long enough to stay fully submerged. The icy waters push against my mouth, threatening to spill down my throat. We’re traveling west with the current, so this should be much easier than if we were fighting it, but I can’t seem to move faster than a snail crawl. I’m about to give up, lay flat on my back and let the tide carry me away when Rabbit’s steely fingers grasp mine. We’re directly underneath the last dock, out of the line of sight of any cameras or guards. He pulls me close to him and his icy lips brush against my ear.
“We’re going to swim down past the curve. The dogs or the spotlights will catch us if we don’t. I’m hoping the cold and the water interferes with the signal cast by the band long enough for us to move on without being detected.”
I arch an eyebrow. “So you’ve never thought of escape huh?”
He Rabbit-scowls and then a small, tight smile flashes across his lips. “Maybe once.”
“Or twice.”
“You able to swim the whole way? It’s far.” Rabbit casts his eyes over to the curve. It must be at least half a mile. Twenty minutes or longer, with the way we’re moving.
“I was on the swim team in secondary,” I say. “Mostly diving, but I could do a decent 750 free.”
“Me too. I was a lifeguard in secondary.”
“Then let’s do this.” I take a deep, even breath, duck under the water and kick away from him.
We come up for little breaths of air roughly every minute, but I’m not keeping accurate time. It’s probably less, though I remember managing that much in swim meets. Sometimes I see Rabbit. Sometimes I don’t. Mostly I don’t because he’s either ahead or behind me. The tin box gives him more trouble than he cares to admit. He should dump it in the river. Let the current carry it away. Even with what seem like frequent breaks to the surface, my lungs burn. It’s been a couple years since I swam this hard and even with the rigorous National Service training, my body is not in this particular kind of shape. Swimming uses different muscles than running or climbing or jumping. My legs are doing alright, but my arms are giving out a little more with each stroke.
“Almost there,” Rabbit says the next time our heads bob up for oxygen.
I blow water out my nose and head back under. He’s right—we have less than a few thousand feet to go. I’m trying to keep an ear open for sounds of helos or dogs or drones but so far all those noises are far away. We’re on the opposite side of the base now and they wouldn’t be expecting us over here yet. They are probably still combing the fields and maybe searching into The Dalles. That would be a logical place for us to run. We probably confused them by running straight back at the base, instead of east.
A few more feet and I break through the murky brown water into the fresh air, gasping and shuddering. Rabbit emerges moments later, shaking water off his head and gazing around with stunned eyes.
“Geez, I’m out of shape,” he laughs, brushing a trembling hand through his hair.
We scoot towards the shore, letting the current carry us further downstream even though we’ve already crested the curve. The more distance we can gain the better. We finally stumble out of the water and collapse in a heap, nearly on top of each other. Steam billows off our bodies. Rabbit, despite his long submersion in the Columbia, is creepily warm.
We catch our breath and don’t speak for a full minute.
“You still got that stuffed animal?” he asks, panting.
I nod and hold Toto up.
“You still got that stupid tin?”
He nods and pats the exterior of his jacket.
“I’ve got another idea,” he says.
“I hope it’s better than the last one.”
“Much.” He rolls over onto his knees and shakes his body like a wet dog.
He unzips his jacket and flings it off to the side. Next, he strips off his shirt and pants until he’s dripping wet in nothing but his underwear. Then, he sits cross-legged on the shore and clicks on his band. It thrums to life with a stutter. My own band freezes against my skin but I’m too numb from the low temperature of the water to feel anything but miserable and lethargic.
He taps a few buttons and enters a line of code. The band flashes and squawks with a horrible feedback, then produces a pleasant-sounding chime.
“What did you do?” I ask, peering over at him.
“I re-synced my band. I should have done this before but I was too worried. I wanted to get past the base.”
He rolls through more lines of code, tapping and squinting at the virtual read-out.
“Clarify that for me please?”
“I can’t deactivate the signal, but I can relocate it. I can confuse the triangulation systems and make it look as though the band is transmitting from another location. There’s just one problem—the only other time I’ve done this—I used the unique hardware code embedded in Clint’s band.”
I shrug. “So what?”
“That’s the signal I’m transmitting from now. They’re going to know pretty quickly it’s false. Unless I can find another military band with the same frequency as ours—I’m not going to be able to pull this stunt off. And there’s a limited range. We’ll be traveling out of it within oh, probably five miles or so,” Rabbit says, contemplating the tech.
“At any given time they will know our location within five miles? Is that what you’re telling me?” I ask.
“It’s better than the alternative. We need another EMP or something else to confuse the GPS but this will work.”
“Whatever. As long as we’re not painting a bright red beacon on our tails, I don’t care.”
“We’re under the radar. For now.” A shudder rolls over his body.
“Here—take this jacket.” I shed my coat and hold it out to him. “It’s RFID free. I couldn’t have Prothero tracking me on my drug runs.”
He takes it with a nod and slips it over his shoulders, zipping his torso up and out of my sight.
“Speaking of drug runs—I can get us on the train. I have connections. Just let me do the talking,” I say.
“Does anyone ever tell you to stop?”
“Nope.”
I unzip the stuffed dog and let the contents fall out onto the ground. The water hasn’t infiltrated the inner baggies, but the outer baggy is damp. I shake it out and retrieve a tiny vial of liquid Ecto.
“Is that—?” Rabbit asks.
“Yep.”
Our ticket to boarding the train.


Tin Road is now available.
If you like Metal Heart and Tin Road, the final book in the Trilogy, Iron Curtain, will be available
Spring 2021!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Melinda Jasmine Crouchley is a Pacific Northwest local with an MA in Writing/Publishing and BA in English, both from Portland State University.
Her first two novels, Metal Heart and Tin Road, were published by the Multnomah County Library Writers Project in 2017 and 2020. The third novel in the Metal Heart series, Iron Curtain, will be published in 2021 and her fourth novel, Astrid vs. the Asteroid, is currently being pitched to agents and publishers.
She worked in marketing and communications for the last decade before transitioning to freelance editing at Melinda Crouchley Editorial. She also has a background in National Service (Americorps VISTA, Washington Reading Corps).
You’ll find her on any average day walking her Boston Terrier, Oreo Cookie, through their neighborhood, hunting Pokemon and listening to carefully curated character playlists or true crime stories. While having a kid has been a pretty wild ride, her biggest life achievement is yet to come: obtaining a metal arm.
You can find her online at: https://www.melindacrouchley.com/ or on Instagram @authormelindajcrouchley or Twitter @authormelindac1
If you loved Metal Heart, please, please, please recommend it to your friends and family! The easiest and best way to support an author is to leave a positive review on Smashwords!
Join Melinda Jasmine Crouchley’s mailing list for all the latest news, including a sneak peek at new content, giveaways, author appearances, and more!
Sign up here: https://www.melindacrouchley.com/contact.html
