
Copyright 2018 All Rights Reserved
Kiki Kay Lee
Mozek: The Forbidden Knowledge

Prologue

   His name is Trevor, a "Mozek" enthusiast. Mozek is a conspiracy theory that entails the afterlife of the human species. Trevor is currently 19 years old and lives in a foster home whilst his abusive mother resides in prison. While this young man has chronic depression, he is certainly distracted and obsessed with this theory.


   Trevor blocks his life out by daydreaming and writing down theories about the afterlife of Mozek. I suppose you could say it intrigues him to the point he cannot function in high school. This does not stop him because his life is already a hellish nightmare. This young boy wishes every day that he soon could join Mozek. 


       It is on this note that Trevor leaps off of a high bridge down towards the flash of high speed traffic. His final feelings are relief. His screams ensuring him that this is actually happening.

 The End Begins

           It is so dark, yet so bright. It is so cold, yet so warm. It is so loud, yet so quiet. Trevor feels a sense of familiarity, yet it's so foreign. He clenches his eyelids as he lays his palm on his forehead. It's painful. The young boy begins to shriek and soon stops. There is no sound. Trevor's eyes bolt open. 

        All that he can see is his own reflection for miles. This is so confusing! The brunette attempts to continuously create tears, but it is impossible. He struggles to run but he cannot see or even feel his legs. This time he can feel dread. It's worse. Where is he?


   Trevor suddenly spots a brilliant blue light which happens to be in the shape of an oval. "What...is...this..?" Nothing will sound. The blue light floats closer and closer. The young man begins to have a breakdown. Desperately, he shields his eyes for whatever was to come.


      "I will not hurt you." Trevor listens within his head. This is strange. It is just like the light spoke within his mind. No, this couldn't be! The man springs upward and chimes, "It's real! Everything I read. It's true! I'm home, I'm safe, I'm here!" Though the brunette has an inability to produce tears of unbearable joy, he surely feels it within his heart. 

         The light speaks in a disguised monotone voice."Hi, Trevor." The boy in question disrupts his excitement. "You...You know my name?" The blue light starts to disfigure into a familiar human being. The younger male takes a sharp breath in as his eyes widen with pure astonishment. Trevor knows this man.

     "C-Carver?" He cringes for stuttering involuntarily. The brunette shrinks the proximity of the two. "You shouldn't have done this, Trevor." This man known as Carver is Trevor's best friend. When he was just 21, he was hit by an oncoming train with his impaired brother whom was driving. This was whom Trevor lived for until he had passed away. 

"I had to take my chances." The frustrated teen replied along with a dark gleam in his eye. The man with charcoal-coloured hair gripped securely onto Trevor's shoulders and brought him into an emotional embrace. 

 While the shorter male engaged in the long-lasting hug he searched for words to explain. "I remember that you strongly believed in Mozek, so I took interest. I can't believe this is real. You don't realize how much I have missed you!"

  When the younger of the two took a step back to take in the view of the other's stature he noticed that Carver had glowed the same brilliant navy blue that the oval light emitted. "I'm so glad I'm here!" The taller of the two aggressively glared upon him. "You shouldn't be." He scolded indefinitely.  

   This surprised Trevor to the point that a burning sensation built up within his chest. " Why shouldn't I be!? My life was horrible! I was always in so much pain from getting beat every single day! I had no friends, no one to talk to, and most importantly; I didn't have you!" The last sentence was barely spoken, though the older male could comprehend him.

      "I don't want you to be in pain, dear. I know that if you have had let yourself live, you could have gone far." The brunette gulped and abruptly wailed, "Fuck everything! All I need is you! I don't want anything else or need for that matter. I loved you and you left me all alone!" Trevor dropped to the ground sobbing uncontrollably. Carver sighed, defeated. "I love you too. I just want the best for you. I'm sorry, dear." 

    The younger male sniffled with a dramatic sense and stood back up with a slight smile. He cupped his palms around the other man's chin and dove in for a starved kiss. The taller of the two snugged his arm around Trevor's waist and reciprocated. When they unlocked each other's hold, Carver rose one brow upward with a sassy smirk. "So, I should show you around, huh?"


Overwhelming Introductions


          "Not everything is lined up to the books of Mozek. You'd be surprised at all the differences there are." Carver leads Trevor through reflective mirrors. This is all that can be seen for miles. "It seems so dull. Why is everything a mirror?" The shorter of the two asked innocently. The older one glanced over and rose his brows. "That I cannot answer. However, I will explain the purpose of Mozek."

         The man who had slightly slanted eyes and tan skin began his explanation," These are portals," Trevor's yellow-green eyes widened with pure astonishment. "We can visit our loved ones through our personal portals." Carver grew the bright white portal with his third eye. "That's amazing! Who do you visit?" The small boy pondered. 

   The other man looked like a deer caught in headlights. "Uhm...W-Well...My family and...and you." His eyes glistened as he refused eye contact. Trevor felt deeply disturbed. At what times was he watching him? The 19-year-old scored new-found confidence within himself. "What is the point of watching me?" 

Carver's cheeks were dressed in a faint crimson. "To check on you and make sure you were doing okay." Trevor heightened his suspicions and gave a few forced chuckles. "I-I'm just messing with you. Don't get your panties in a knot!" It became rather awkward between the two before the older man huffed and mumbled, "You're still the same Trevor." 

      Before he could reply, an ear-piercing shrill interrupted them. It left the two horrified. Carver rushed to grasp Trevor's open hand. "What's that god-awful sound?" The brunette clasped his free hand around his right ear. "It's an alarm. It's a galen (demon) trying to break into this universe. We must act quick!"

 With this said, the older man pulled his friend into a white vortex. All the young man could see was an obnoxiously bright light. He felt that he should definitely be afraid, though he felt an unbearable sense of comfort. 

          "Carver!" The brunette anxiously yelled out. A glittering ball of blue light emitted by Trevor's side. "I'm right here. Don't go anywhere. It's approaching." This statement made the small boy leap in horror. "What's approaching!?"

         The 19-year old's vision became slightly less blurred. He could make out a pitch black circle floating towards them. Soon followed numerous colors of luminous light all surrounding the solitary black hole. 

     After a burst of golden rays cracked upon the galen (demon), all of the auras deformed into human beings. This, of course, made Trevor's hair stand on end. "These are what souls look like. They are all auras of generous people who had passed. Sometimes a portal is left open and galens (demons) break through. Thus, we must get rid of it at once.” 

  All the younger man could do was nod with awe. Carver wrapped his arm around Trevor's shoulder. "I know it's your first day, but are you too overwhelmed to continue on with the tour?" The brunette glimpsed down at his feet. "Well...It is a lot to take in. Can we rest? I'd love to talk with you more."  The male with charcoal-coloured hair led his friend to his Zalee (home).

      A Zalee is perhaps like a cocoon dressed in soft fabric. The owner can crawl into the Zalee to rest. The older man directed his arm for the other to crawl into the Zalee first. 

Trevor hesitated for he did not know how to enter. "It's okay. You just dive in. Would you like me to go first?" The taller male got on all fours and climbed into the Zalee with Trevor soon following after. 

It was cozy, though awkward and new. The shelter conformed to the body containing it. However, there was not enough room to fit two people in the Zalee. 

The brunette's cheeks resembled a rose. He took a sharp and difficult breath in, noticing that Carver was smiling warmly upon him. "Are you comfortable?" The older man inquired. "Y-Yes. Is this like...where you sleep?"

      Carver chortled. "Of course not. We're dead. We don't need sleep. I go here when I'm done with work." The realization dawned on Trevor. How could he forget? He's dead; he can never go back. Why did his heart feel heavy and unfulfilled? He wanted to die and now he is forever with his best friend. How could he miss home, the abuse?

      Carver's grin suddenly evaporated. "Did I say something wrong?” The 19-year-old violently shook his head. The 21-year-old did not believe such a lie. "Trevor, what's wrong?" He pushed in a stern voice. The younger one finally budged. "I just realized that I'm dead. I can never go back. Even though it was a horrible life. I just...I don't know." 

   Carver sighed quietly and brushed Trevor's bangs out of his eyes in order to comfort. "I know. I'm sorry. There is a way you can go back." The brunette perked up. "Really?"

 Everlasting Truth

       "Reincarnation. In Mozek, you can only choose once. Either stay a Teren (Guardian angel) or live a new life." The brunette's eyes glazed with sudden interest as he contemplated the new information. "If I can be reincarnated, will you be too?" 

  
 Carver shook his head with a steady rhythm. " I already chose once I first arrived here. It is a strict rule held by the Kanoa (queen). There are no exceptions." Trevor furrowed his brows in with intense bewilderment.
    
  “A Kay-Kanawa? What the hell is that?" The man became irritated with his friend's foul mouth. "The ruler that reinforces the rules of Mozek. You will get to meet her here shortly. Since I am your Teren (guardian angel), I am in charge of your schedule for a few." 

The younger male nodded deep in thought. " Is the Kanoa nice?" Carver shuffled to exit the zalee. "Sometimes. She is not a god. She is ordinary. The Kanoa has a story of her own." The brunette accompanied the other. 

  "Why was she chosen to be the ruler?" The shorter male inquired. The man with jet black hair chuckled at Trevor's naive nature. "She created Mozek. There was no afterlife until she created such a thing in her living life." 

The other jolted with utmost enthusiasm."What? How?" Carver gleamed proudly."The way of astral projection, lucid dreaming, and meditation of course!" Trevor praised,"That's pretty neat!"

As the 21-year-old led his friend to the Kanoa's sanctuary, the younger man watched both of their reflections walk forward. Suddenly, the older of the two made an abrupt stop that caused his peer to collide with his back. "Why did you stop?" Trevor let his curiosity get the best of him.
 
Carver shook his head in disbelief. "You ask so many questions, dear." The younger of the two scowled, crossing his arms in agonizing annoyance."I just want to know!" The man answered his questions by way of creating a clear, off-white vortex with his third eye.

 "This is why. Sanis are portals that bring us to different planets in different universes of Mozek. This is the main planet where all Zalees are.We will now go to Kanoa's sanctuary."

The young man wheezed, obnoxiously frightened. "I… am… not… jumping… in… there." He pronounced with elaborated austerity. Carver tilted his head, rather confused about his friend's behavior. "Why not?" 
     
 The brunette was stunned as he sputtered "B-Because...uhm…It's..." The older man gleefully smirked as he brought the other to his chest."Don't be scared, dear. I won't let anything happen to you." Trevor dispelled an invisible tear. "Okay."

   They both soon leaped into the Sani (portal). The men both found themselves surrounded by many round, multi-coloured flowers presently blooming as they walked passed each one. A mist of vanilla scent was apparent.
     
The taller of the two escorted the 19-year-old to an infinitely tall brick of gold. "This place looks a lot like an Earth's meadow but, what's that suppose to be?" Trevor knew he asked a lot of questions that got on his friend's nerves, but that's just who he is.

 "The Kanoa is falling asleep on Earth. So, she will awake here." Promptly, after these facts were spoken, the brick began to melt into small crystals of gold rock. The brunette's eyes grew as wide as two flying disks. 

    "Whoa!" He exclaimed with profuse elation. A gorgeous lady dressed in white soft fabric stood peacefully.This small woman had a pixie cut of bleached hair with ivory eyes to match in accordance. Kanoa rested each palm in one another and spoke with a soft, yet strict tune. "I've been looking forward to meeting you, Trevor." 

Suspicions Arise 

   "Oh. Yes. Uhm...same for you." The brunette flushed a bright pink, dropping his sight to the ground. The older teen gave a friendly pat on his back, murmuring silently.

    Kanoa spoke up with a stern, yet soothing voice. "Now, Trevor. You have taken the way of suicide. I cannot reward you for such behaviour. So, I will give you another chance at life. Please do well." Both men spilled vehemently.


 "What! I do not want to be reincarnated! Not without Carver! Please don't do this, please!" Trevor begged frantically. The taller man winced as he muttered. "No, this can't be..." They were both understandably in utter disbelief of such a demand. 

   The serene female-initiated technicalities. "I'm sorry, Trevor. You may still keep Carver as your Teren (Guardian angel). However, you will be absent from all memory of your past life, him, and Mozek."

    This is when the 19-year old brought himself to his callused knees and wept maniacally. "I screwed up!" The male with charcoal-coloured hair grimaced apprehensively. Kanoa glowered with extensive agitation. "There are consequences to all actions. Now, say your goodbyes." The brunette was strikingly distraught. "Can I just have about an hour or so until I leave?"

    If it wasn't for this single request, the agreement would not have complied with the situation. The feisty queen let out an alarming huff. "One hour to say your goodbyes. Use this wisely." 
  
Just when these surreal words had reached the eardrums of the two men, the Kanoa had vanished within the thin atmosphere. It was rather reticent as the two teens gaped at one another. "Well, what do you want to do with your time, dear?" Carver compelled himself to smile with no intent of apparent mortification resembling his feelings of complete despair.
            
      Trevor held a devilish expression, one that compromised his friend's sanity. A smirk and inauspicious gleam in his yellow-green irises bewildered the older man. "I would say to explore Mozek more, but since I won't remember you, I would like to spend it with a certain someone." 
         
All the 21 year-old could do was furrow his brows in pure demoralization. "With who?" The younger boy was contentiously thrown into a pit of turbulence, dropping his hands swiftly. "You!" 

 Carver enlarged his eyelids in alleviation. "Oh. Okay! What do you want to do with me, dear?" Trevor's nostrils flared involuntarily as he grinned with discernible inspiration. "Let's go to your Zalee (home)." They both hastily left through an indigo Sani (portal). 

   Within the Zalee (home) The brunette clambered atop of his discombobulated companion with each of his thin pale legs on each side. The older man faltered. "What...are y-you doi-?" 

      Before he could finish his deranged queries, he was halted by a harsh pair of damp lips. The 19-year-old violated his entrance within his friend's crowded mouth. Their soft tongues tussled one another as Trevor had thrust his bony hips into the other's, letting out a deafening moan.

    Both of the male's engaged breathing became a harmonious and exhilarating rhythm. This was Carver's chance to slip a cold palm under the man's camouflage sweat shirt. The older male flicked the enticed bump on the other boy's peck.
  
This earned him an ear-piercing groan of secret desperation from the smaller man. "C-Carver! P-Please!" The shrill was hypnotizing to the other. "Please what, dear?" A wicked grin arose from the older man as he halted his caress. 

The brunette wailed with agitation. "Can...Can we...just…u-uhm..." As he trailed off, the male below him snickered viciously and began in a sing-song voice. "I won't know what you want from me until you tell me, dear."
    
Trevor whined, mashing his hips against the other's responding length. The bashful male bit his bottom lip, almost drawing blood. "Have s-sex with me?" Though he said so rather quickly and boldly, the other seemed to finally understand. 

    

 As the duo refused eye-contact, they both glimmered a benevolent shade of crimson. Peculiarly, Carver's aroused expression evaporated."Oh." He mumbled under his breath, seeming distressed. The brunette's eyes glistened with bitterness. "You...You don't like me?"
 

The older male frantically shook his head. "No, no! It's not that. I'm..I...just-" The reality seemed to take an appalling turn that was fairly short-lived. "You can tell me. What's wrong? Are you not comfortable? We...we don't have to. I'm so sorry if I pressured you. I didn't mean to." 

As the younger man rambled furiously with obnoxious anxiety, Carver flinched. "No, no, no. I've just never been seen is all." It was the 19-year old's turn to be utterly puzzled. 


"What do you mean seen?" The male with charcoal-coloured hair clutched his jaw in humiliation before whispering subtly. "Naked." After this was barely spoken, the brunette teen erupted in a fit of high-pitched giggles. 

This offended the other man as he was not expecting to be made fun of at this point. "That's it? I've seen a guy naked before. I won't judge. There really is no reason to be shy around me. You should know this by now, Carver." 

   The male with charcoal-like hair dropped his head in entire debacle."I know but, I was born with a certain deformity." Trevor was severely shocked that he hadn't known such an enclosed secret about his friend.


His voice shakily wavered as he spoke. "O-oh. What...what is it?" The young man let his curiosity lead his actions. The other internally sighed with recognition of his friend's concern. “I'm sorry if...this changes our relationship."

A sharp inhale was induced by the two. Each one afraid to speak, both frightened that they'll say something destructive. The shorter male exhaustively worries that his friend may become distant if he did not speak now. 




 "You don't have to be ashamed of anything. You're still very handsome to me." This compliment made the male counterpart's face burn. "Does...this change us?" The brunette gasped and had fretted that he had hurt his friend's feelings by being reluctant to talk.

"No! Of course not! I'm sorry. I just realized I have less than an hour before I go. I'm just really upset-" He was abruptly interrupted with an impulsive kiss from his companion. 
   
The two had made passionate love for the first time.Their desires were so strong due to prolonged inactivity. Their love was true. Nothing could ever break them apart.

 Coexist

The two men arrived to Kanoa's sanctuary ten minutes late. "My, my. What took you so long?" Trevor clenched his jaw and bowed, unexpectedly. "I'm so sorry, your highness!" Carver pushed an odd expression his way as Kanoa giggled with false innocence.

  "Do not worship me, Trevor. I am only an ordinary human. So, I'm assuming you said your goodbyes?" The last response was merely a statement, however, she did not want them to know so. As the tall and frail woman switched her relaxed gaze to one another, she continued. 

 "I will have you lay still on this platform as I rejuvenate your soul into a new physical vessel on Earth. The young male gulped steadily and climbed onto the reflective cold bed whilst the older teen stood by feeling rather guilty.

 "Before I do this, you will need to relax and fully let go. Breathe slowly, yet deeply. Follow my white string." The blonde female dipped the string back in forth as Trevor's eyes grew increasingly heavy. This soon drained the boy as he fell into a deep slumber.



 Carver watched in agony. The body of his friend seemed lifeless, even though he had just been given a second life. The 21 year-old broke into excessive sobs whilst Kanoa tried to console him by way of patting him on the shoulder. "I've lost him so quick." He wailed with intense liability before the ruler quickly rose his hopes.

 "Listen, Carver, I understand that your souls are connected and empty without one another. So, I am going to do the same for you. If that is what you'd like me to do as long as you behave and carry out tasks." 

An obnoxious ring irritated within the male's eardrums. He absolutely could not believe what he was hearing. His eyes locked on Mozek's ruler."You don't really mean this, do you?" He was completely astonished, to say the least. 

 The tall female chuckled lightly. "I would not have said so if I did not mean it." Carver readily leaped onto another reflective bed. "Now, don't get in a big rush, Carver. You must complete three tasks whilst on Earth." The man with charcoal-coloured hair replied eagerly. "Oh, yeah. What are they?"

Kanoa gave the man an authoritative glare."You must befriend Trevor as early in life as possible, you must defend him from self-harmful thoughts or actions, and you must not get distracted, harming yourself in the process." The male with indigo irises beamed. "That sounds easy enough!" As the queen put Carver into a hypnotic state, he soon drifted off.

 Joy

May 12, 2018: A proud soon to be mother and father latched hands in a hospital room. Boisterous cries echoed through the white halls. Hours had passed stagnantly of everlasting shrills until a newborn was finally delivered. The nurse confidently announced that the infant was definitely a female. Tears of overwhelming joy fell from the couple.







The mother held her gorgeous baby in a white, rough towel. "Hello, Trena." This is the beginning of Trevor's new life as Trena. Although she does not comprehend much at this moment in time, she is sure to have a wild personality from her mother. This girl will soon find strength and intelligence passed down to her from her father's side.

May 12, 2022: A petite and pudgy girl sat at her brown wooden desk at elementary school. It was her 5th birthday. Her own birthday was by far the best holiday ever! A mundane mathematics worksheet was passed out to her by her teacher, Mrs. Fran. The blonde girl grimaced. This was not how you celebrate a birthday!

This infuriated the child so much so that she viciously crumbled the glossy textured paper. "I want presents and cake!" This soon followed with the very miffed kindergarten teacher that illustrated her anger with her hands on each side of her hips. "Trena, make your way to the principal’s office right now." As the young girl traced the adult's pointing finger, she noticed it led to the dreadful door. Her eyes began to overflow with tears. However, the child minded and stormed out of the classroom and dashed to the office.

What came to view was another girl with short jet black hair sitting patiently outside of the office. Obviously, she was exceedingly distressed. She was muttering incoherently until Trena skipped up to her presence. The blonde sat down next to her and began to yap her debut. "Hi, I'm Trena!" She waved, suddenly in a cheerful mood again. The female with black hair shot her attention to the other and gasped externally.

"Trevor!" The blonde was utterly bewildered by this response, though she laughed it off before reiterating. "No, silly! It's Trena. It's my birthday and I'm five. What's your name?" The other child could barely comprehend due to the speedy voice tapping against her eardrums. "I'm...I'm Carly. Happy Birthday. It's nice to meet you." Carly grinned with a composed posture. 

"Well, were you bad? What did you do?" The marginally older female was somewhat put off by this question, "Huh? Oh. This is my first day at this school and Mr. Fintch is going to assign me a mentor." Trena swung her feet in a swift rhythm , popping her tongue to an unknown tune. "Cool!" She clearly lost interest in the subject. 



The taller child coughed uncomfortably. "So, you’re five, huh? I'm seven." The tanned female answered quickly. "Yup! Want to come to my birthday party at my house? I'm going to have so many presents from Mommy and Daddy!" A giggle was sounded by the older child. "Sure!"

May 12, 2022, 4:12 P.M.: Carly's dad aggressively pulled up at Trena's house, grumbling. " You know I'm not picking you up. So, just walk home. I don't give a fuck." Her dad was not like her other parents in her past life. This one was a grumpy alcoholic who left his wife when his child was born. The mother has plenty of issues of her own.

Upon entering the estate home, her new (old) friend tackled her in a compacted embrace."Thanks for coming, Carly!" A yellow gift bag was pushed towards the stout blonde. "Yay! More presents! Thanks! Come on in!" The child was pulled in rather huskily before she bowed to her parents hovering over her. "Hello. I'm Elizabeth and this is Steve. There is no need to bow." Carly's cheeks bloomed a tangible dark crimson. "Uhm...nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Los."

Steve applauded with outstanding encouragement. "What a respectful gentlewoman." Chandeliers hung from the ceiling over a marble table. Maroon drapes hung over the windows. Elaborate decor hung on the tan walls. It seemed like Trena (Trevor) had a very nice life that is very different from her past. She had a very loving family, a home, and was doing well in school...sometimes. Carly (Carver) thought that this would be a simple task to keep her friend safe. However, she did notice that she was only one to come to her birthday party.

"I want chocolate cake!" The blonde child demanded as she pounded her callused fists on the table. Her mother chuckled with delight before announcing, "Okay, let's sing Happy Birthday." The 7 year-old joined in the out of tune singing, feeling her heart flutter. Trevor was never this happy. Once the cake was served with chocolate ice cream drizzled with strawberry syrup, the taller child snickered as her friend shoved the whole slice of cake into her mouth. Yellow icing was on the tip of her nose and cheek. This had to be true happiness.

 Disaster strikes 

December 18, 2030: A teenager slammed her bedroom door shut, alarming the structure of the house. "I hate you! I just want to die!" The blonde girl sobbed, irritated by her constant text alerts. Her parents were too strict. They wouldn't let her do anything. She couldn't go to the mall, she couldn't wear makeup, she couldn't wear "revealing" clothes. The list goes on and on of what she can't do. Most importantly, she was not allowed to have a boyfriend.

Her guardians said she was too young even though everyone else was dating already. She is definitely the last to do everything. She was more mature than her parents were! Trena was ready to end her life. She has had enough of her psychopath parents preventing her from having any friends. The blonde knew she had Carly, but Carly was more like a person that just latches onto you. It was kind of annoying.

The 12-year-old ripped her phone out of her jeans. She read the text with a blatant stare. It read:
Carly: Why won't you answer? Are you okay? Trena dramatically smashed the letters on her keypad. 

Trena: NO MI PARENTS WONT LET ME HAV A BF.  On Carly's side, she felt the agonizing discomfort of jealousy burning in the pit of her stomach. 
Carly: Will they let you have a girlfriend?  
Trena: um no im not gayy wtf 
 Carly: I didn't mean to offend you. I'm sorry. 
Trena: m goin to kil miselv 
Carly: Don't say that! Everyone will miss you! 
Trena: i hate evry1 m levn tis warld bi. 
Carly: I'm coming over right now!

This was way too much to take in for the young girl. She was doing just fine, watching her friend. What had made things go so wrong? The girl with charcoal-coloured hair blamed herself for this situation. The task seemed easy enough, but somehow she failed. No matter what life Carly (Carver) was in, she always seemed to fail the only person she truly cared about.

The older teenager barged into her friend's bedroom door to find the girl playing with a yellow lighter. Carly snapped the lighter out of the girl's hand. "What are you doing? You scared me, Trevor!" 




The female with pitch black hair shrieked with a hoarse voice, her heart pounding out of her chest. Trena appeared frantic. "Why do you keep calling me that? That's not even my name!"

 The other female was taken aback. Why did she keep making that mistake? "I'm sorry. It's just somebody I used to know. Forget about it."

Both were manically hysterical. Their hair was disheveled and their mind was extremely chaotic. The blonde gnawed her teeth and tightened her fists. "I'm tired of everyone lying to me! Tell me who this so-called person is!" Carly could never say no to Trena. The blonde was always so demanding. She got what she wanted from her friend all the time. 

"He was a friend of mine." Technically, she did tell her the truth. However, the other girl was not satisfied (she never was). "That's it?" Carly flinched, huffing before she ignored her subconscious. "Fine. He was my...m-my boyfriend. He killed himself. You just remind me so much of him. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable." 

The shorter teen raised her brow in confusion.
 "Oh, so you can have a boyfriend! Wow, even you got a boyfriend before me. Now I know I'm a completer loser. What? Do I look like him too? Are you saying I look like a guy?" Carly was use to this mocking and edgy behavior. It was somehow appealing considering, Trevor was the exact opposite. "No. I'm not saying you look like a boy or that you're a loser. You're...eyes and facial attributions just remind me of...of..him."

This is when disaster stricken. The older female was completely unaware of the voice in her head chanting, “no, don’t do it!” or she just didn't care any longer. Carly was tired of pretending and just being merely a bystander of Trena's existence. It was exhausting and debilitating. She just could not control her actions any longer. This was when the older female slid in for a harsh peck on her friend's lips. 


The taste of strawberry was swiftly vanished before being violently rammed to the carpet. All of the events happened in a bright flash before the enraged blonde began to quarrel with the other. "Why the fuck did you just do that? You're one of those nasty lezbos, aren't you? I bet you never even had a boyfriend. It was probably a girl!" 

Carly was severely ashamed of what she had just done. She had violated the girl's amenity. This had made her feel a foreign sense of selfishness quake inside her chest. Just when she thought it couldn't get any worse, it had done just that. She had just ruined her first task and now she has completely failed the system.

 Established Dedication

October 24, 2010: Red, yellow, orange and brown leaves ruffled as they were tossed at one another by two boys. One preteen was 12 whilst the other was 14 years old. Their names are Carver Hadi and Trevor Fredrick. They have been best friends since preschool. Carver Hadi had parents from Indonesia, however, he was born in the U.S. Trevor Fredrick was born in Maine, U.S.

The older boy was harshly pushed into a small pile of wrinkled leaves. He soon glanced up, his eyes glazed in wonder. He took in the view of his peppy friend, noticing that he smelled of strawberries and chocolate. Trevor's hair was very sloppy with an obvious sheen of grease. He wasn't the most hygienic person he knew, but it never bothered him.

Carver was pinned to the ground, no resistance to the hold before the brunette spoke. "D-Do you h-have any f-food? I'm-I’m h-hungry." This boy was always hungry due to his malnourished state.

April 3, 2015: A teenage male was flung against a cold brick wall, carpeted in open wounds. An obese woman with tan skin and grey hair grimaced down upon her son. “I asked you where you were after school. Answer me now." The mother insisted with a rigid voice. Trevor was stunned by the rough punch that consisted of knuckles colliding with his nose. Followed after was a drainage of hot blood. 



"I-I-I was a-a-at C-Carvers!" The teen knew better not to lie, because that entailed a more brutal punishment. "What did I tell you about talking to fags?" The boy could not even create any more tears. It was just not possible any longer. His brain has blocked everything out by this point. It was an endless cycle. "Go to the basement, since you can't comprehend words. I will show you what any fag will do to you."

A nightmare from hell arose. Shrieks reflected the dark room. Deep laughter was imposed. This was the night that broke any last strand of hope. This was the night that Trevor's identity would be lost. This was the night that Trevor lost his innocence to his step father. 

April 5th, 2015: A knock alerted the 21 year-old. A boy burst in the door sobbing in cohesively. "Hey, Trevor. What's wrong?" As Carver led Trevor to his bedroom and sat him down on the bed, he probed. "Slow down. It's okay. Did your mom do something to you again?" The teen with jet black hair always had a way of staying calm in alarming situations like this. The brunette grumbled into his elbows. "Mhm."

The older male streaked his friend's oily hair. "Do you think you can tell me, so I can help?" The boy dramatically shook his head. " I-I-I d-d-don't w-want to go b-b-back." The taller teen was excessively infuriated. He had ignored this situation far too long. It was getting out of hand. It was time to take drastic actions. Now is the best and only time to do it. "I'm calling the authorities." Trevor's eyelids snapped wide open in urgent incredulity. "N-N-No! Y-You c-c-can't! P-P-Please don't! I-It w-w-will make t-things w-w-worse!"

This was the one time he did not obey his friend's orders. After his mother and step father was arrested, it was down to where he was going to go. Carver's parents worked deliberately to adopt Trevor. However, they did not succeed. Instead, another kind family brought him in.


August 9th, 2016: Two teenagers were in a bedroom with little to no lighting. It was about 8:00 P.M. They both were listening to fast music. The younger of the two was reading a thin magazine with a cover titled, Mozek: The Most Controversial Conspiracy Theory of the Decade. The older male peeked from across the room. "What are you reading?" The brunette was shaken by the sudden voice. "U-Uhm, it's…i-it’s about a c-conspiracy t-theory. H-Have y-you e-ever h-heard of Mozek?" 


Carver beamed, grinning with buzz. "Yes. It's actually not a theory. It's real!" This response caused the younger male to explode in a fit of derisive laughter before he realized that his friend was in fact not joking. "O-Oh. Y-Y-You're s-serious." Trevor anxiously cleared his throat. He was in complete embarrassment from mocking his friend.

"U-U-Uhm, T-Tell me a-about it." The shorter one cleared the awkward atmosphere somehow. "It's a religion. It's the afterlife. You may be a Teren (Guardian angel) or be reincarnated, depending on your deeds on Earth." Trevor loved his friend's enthusiasm with certain topics. The way his eyes lit up as he rambled, the way he grinned when he got excited, and the way his voice got deeper when he talked. 

"N-Now, t-t-that's s-some neat a-a-ass shit! Is there l-l-like a g-god too?" Carver rose his brows. "Hm? Oh, yeah. A ruler that reinforces the rules of Mozek." This is when the older of the two handed the other male a thick hardback book that looked as if it was from the 19th century.  

"This is the Lurin. It will tell you everything there is to know about Mozek." The brunette cringed involuntarily. "Y-You e-expect me to r-read all o-of this?" The older teenager smiled coyly at Trevor's usual childish behavior. "Of course not." 



 Dream's Memory



September 21, 2016: "H-Hey C-Carver? Can I-I ask you s-something?" The older male shot his attention toward the other. "Yes?" His voice wavered due to the unknown question that was to come. "I-I h-heard s-some things a-about you at s-school. I'm just w-wondering if t-they might be...t-true." Carver was severely bewildered by this statement. "They say a lot of things about me. Which rumour is it now?" The brunette furrowed his brows in contemplation.

"I h-heard that, uh, y-you w-were...g-gay." His male counterpart inhaled sharply. "Oh, Okay." The older of two ultimately avoided the topic, but Trevor was not having that. "S-So...are y-you?"  The taller boy let in, clicking his tongue before he began. "Well, I understand that you probably don't want to have anything to do with me now." The brunette was compulsively confused.

"W-Wait. S-So you a-a-are?" The male with charcoal-coloured hair rolled his eyes, sighing harshly. "Yes." One word changed the whole atmosphere between the two. "O-Oh. U-Uhm. T-That's okay. I-I d-don't c-care if y-you're uh..." The two teenagers locked eyes with an awkward attitude. "Thanks. Sorry if that grosses you out. It's just how I am." Carver's raspy voice seems to contain Trevor's sanity. 

A few mentally extended minutes had passed before the brunette spoke up again. "I-I t-t-think I'm g-gay t-too." This declaration disoriented the older male. He hid his finger by his thigh, pinching himself through the tight jeans. He wasn't dreaming at all. "O-Oh. Er…What...What made you realize?" The older man critically tried to shield his hot cheeks by breaking the eye contact. The younger boy was eager to answer, he didn't seem effected by this predicament at all.









"I j-just never f-felt a-anything really s-spark with a g-girl. I-I don't k-know if I l-like guys, but I-I'm o-open to it. I'm j-j-ust not r-really sure yet." Carver nodded his head. "That's understandable." A part of him wanted this conversation to be over while the other wanted this conversation to last forever. "W-What m-makes you s-sure that y-you're gay? L-Like, how do y-you come to the c-conclusion of t-that?" The other teenager gnawed down his jaw, he felt his heart pound unsteadily against his chest. 

"I found out by a kissing a few males here and there." The teen with charcoal-coloured hair spoke rather fast, though his friend could comprehend. "S-So, I-I j-just have to k-kiss a guy?" Carver wheezed. "I-I...guess?" Trevor pouted as he crossed his arms perilously. "W-Well, t-t-that will n-never happen! I look l-l-like a h-hobo!" This boy had a funny way of lifting the spirits up in any tense conversations. The older one was defensive for his friend who loved to loath. "That's not true! A lot of people would!" 

The brunette gave the other a discriminating expression. "L-Like who?" This is when Carver mentally broke down. His palms became viciously clammy. The teen bit his tongue, drawing blood. He did a brave and daring task. "W-well...uh...I-I would. I mean just to help you find out, not for any other...reason." Before the other could reply, the taller of the two flinched with clenched eyes. He was surely unprepared for the outcome. 

His eyes were sealed shut, all he could hear was shuffling of the other. "I-If I d-didn't know any b-better, I w-would think you h-have a l-little g-girly crush o-on me. Is t-this true, C-Carver?" The 21 year-old believed he was melting right then and there as he babbled nervously. "I don't want to make things awkward or lose you as a friend. I can't risk-" He was silenced by a pair of moist lips against his own.

 Deja Vu

Jun 18, 2031: A blonde girl awoke from a lucid dream. It gave her agonizing migraines that wouldn't go away. These dreams were odd and very intricate. It gave a disturbing sense of deja vu. All of these serene dreams had one thing in common with each other, That is, her identity was of a boy named Trevor. The name suddenly rung a bell. That is what Carly mistakenly calls her all the time.

Trena began to piece clues together like a detective. Carly's friend supposedly committed suicide. She shook her head with aggravation. She couldn't have been him! Reincarnation is a tale, it's not true. Though, if it was, something was not adding up. Carly wasn't that old. How would she know of an adult man that died years ago? She needed more evidence to clear things up.

The female dialed her friend's number. "Hello?" The woman's voice on the other end was understandably groggy, considering it was 5:03 A.M. "Carly. Did you have an adult boyfriend? Because I'm pretty sure he was a pedophile."
She could hear shuffling on the other end with a series of obscurities announced. "No. He's not a pedophile. Uhm. Why are you up so early? Are you okay?" 

Trena whined with over dramatic tendencies. "I'm fine! I just had weird dreams that woke me up." It was alarmingly quiet until the older of the two spoke up. "May I ask what they were about? Were they nightmares?" The blonde pondered if whether she should tell her or not. "No, not really nightmares. It just seemed really...real." Carly sat up on her bed with a new piked interest. 

"Please tell me more. Maybe I can help you understand it?" The blonde sighed. "Hear I go; I'm sorry I made fun of you and was mean to you a while back. I keep getting dreams that...that I am a guy named....Trevor and there is this other person called Carver and we did all this stuff together. In my nightmare, I was raped by my dream's step dad. That's what woke me up." 

The female on the other end bit her lip and clenched her facial muscles. Could she have inflicted those memories to happen? Trena wasn't supposed to remember! The world is falling down around her. "Oh, that seems like a neat story. Well...not the nightmare." The younger female growled. "Please tell me I'm not crazy! I know you believe in reincarnation and you said I look like your friend. Could we both have been reincarnated?"


The question stayed stagnant in the air for a few moments. "I'm sorry. This is my fault. I shouldn't have brought you into this." The blonde grimaced at the needless apologies. "Wait, what are you sorry for? Do you know something I don't know? You have to tell me." Carly's eyes watered, she definitely wasn't crying right now. All of these female hormones are difficult to get used to.

"I can't tell you. It would mess everything up." A grunt was sounded from the pudgy girl. "Tell me now or I'll make you!" The other was pushed to her limits. "Fine! What is it that you want to know?" The younger girl huffed. "Are you reincarnated? Am I reincarnated? You know the answer." Carly's tears began to drain as she spilled the information over the phone. "You're Trevor. I'm Carver. That's all I'm going to say." 

 Consequences

Both girls decided to meet up in secret at a reservoir. The two sat atop of a high hill. They gawked at the sky, speculating how or who was to start the pressing conversation. "So, is that really all you're going to tell me? I kind of already figured out that I'm Trevor. Just tell me a little more, please?" Carly made two huge mistakes right then and there. She eyed her female companion, noticing the girl's eyes were polished over with her bottom lip slightly sticking out. She appeared so adorable when she begged. The older of the two could never say no.


The second mistake came, giving in. "You were given a second chance, therefore you have been reincarnated. Kanoa allowed me to be reincarnated as well as long as I took care of you. I can't say much. If you do remember Mozek, unlucky consequences will happen." Trena let the information sink into her brain. 

"What's a Kay-away? What happens if I start to have memories of a Mozek? By the way, What's a Mozek?" Carly shook her index finger back in forth. "No. If I tell you, it could trigger memories and then you'll be taken away."





The blonde crossed her arms and pouted melodramatically. "Who will take me away?" The girl would not stop until she got more details out of her friend. The older female nodded, attempting to be at peace. "You'll go to the Inclur. The ruler of Inclur is called: D-E-A-S-T. Do not say this out loud, he'll appear and take you to the Inclur. It's not a place you want to go. I think we’re done with conversation, okay? I can't keep telling you more. It would be my fault if you got trapped there." 

The younger female arranged the letters in her head, before disobeying her friend's orders to not speak of the name. "Oh, I'll be taken a way to an in cooler and I can't say Deast? You're a paranoid motherfucker. You're making this up!" Carly gasped, startled by what had left her friend's mouth. She had ignored the names she was being called and slammed her palm over the other's mouth.

 "Mph!" The girl with charcoal-coloured hair panicked, looking everywhere for the Deast to appear. The younger female ripped the grip of Carly's palm off her mouth. "What are you looking for?" Trena screeched before standing up and attempting to make her exit. "You're a lunatic! I'm leaving!" She began to dash before her friend latched onto her arm. Trena tried desperately to get out of the hold, though her friend was much stronger. "I'm scared for you. I don't want you to be taken. He'll show up any minute. You have to stay with me so I can protect you."

The blonde grimaced. "What, just because I said a made-up word? If you're right, he would already be here! I wish he'd take me away. My whole life is an asylum and I'm the only normal one here! DEAST DEAST DEAST! Ha! See, nothing happens-" Before the woman could finish, a 7ft man appeared within thin air. He wore a large smirk and an auburn mohawk.

Both females were frozen out of extensive disbelief. Carly's head dropped as she held back aching tears. Trena was utterly bewildered and completely shaken. "Did someone speak of the Deast?" The man sneered, making his way to the stout blonde. She muted, her vocal cords not allowing her to speak. "Wow. Hi there, cutie. Did you want to come with me? We'll have lot's of fun!" 


Carly ran in front of her friend, shielding her from the danger. "Don't mess with her! She doesn't want to go with you!" The buff man slammed the frantic girl into the ground. "She said so herself. If I didn't know any better you seem pretty jealous....Carver." Hearing Deast say her formal name gave her a pain in her forehead. "She has to stay here! You can't take her!" 

The elder male pointed over his shoulder at Carly. "We need to get rid of this yapper, don't we?" Trena rose her left brow. "No! Even though she is annoying, she is still my friend!" The girl planted constant punches to the 7ft man's stomach. Deast chuckled viciously."I don't give a flying fuck what you want, baby doll. I'm getting rid of it for my own sake. " Both female’s eyes grew large as the male with the mohawk pulled out a black pistol. 

Deast moved his hands in a specific pattern, causing Carly to be frozen in place. As he began to shoot, the blonde leaped in front of the target. She was instantly hit by the bullet. The chubby girl fell to the ground as she bled profusely. Carly hurried to bend down and press her palms on the girl's open wound. "No, No, No! I was supposed to protect you! Please…please stay with me! " Deast snickered, vanishing within the thin atmosphere.

 Carly's rest of the year entailed sitting by her friend's bedside at the local hospital. She has been on life support and today was the day her family decided to pull the plug. It was the worst night ever. She had failed at her most significant task. The end of Trena's (Trevor's) life is the end of Carly's(Carver's) life.


 Mistakes


Carly sat at the edge of her bed, allowing her feet to dangle. Her tears moistened the picture in her hand. The photo was of him and Trevor smiling proudly. The girl sighed breathlessly. She hadn't been eating lately, she was lacking in hygiene, and she just slept all day. It was 2:00 A.M. and The girl could hear her father stumble in the door, probably drunk and accompanied with a woman. It was a good thing she had her door lock, now if only she had soundproof walls.



Carly have been having intrusive thoughts. They wouldn't go away. Maybe if she acted on them, there might be a chance of saving her best friend. She just didn't have the guts to do it! The consequences gnawed at her brain. She could lose Trevor or save him. It was very hard to tell the outcome.
  
The girl with short hair lightly kissed the photo before rummaging through her bedside table. The female winced at the noisy sound of a medicine bottle that was prescribed to her father for high blood pressure. There was plenty to take for a fatal overdose. She never thought that she would actually do it, but her time has come.

  The girl knew what would happen if she did so, but if only she could convince Kanoa that all she wants to do is break Trevor out of the Inclur. Her frail hand's shook excessively. Her heart rate plummeted, her face hot. The woman was already feeling dizzy and sick to her stomach. It was now or never.

Carly woke up as her formal self, Carver. He was very irritated by all the stimulation going on around. It was loud, yet so quiet. It was cold, yet so warm. It was so foreign, yet so familiar. It took him quite some time to orientate himself. "I'm in Mozek." He mumbled to himself as he stood and glared at the reflection of his form. He deliberately created a Sani (portal) before hopping in the transport to Kanoa's sanctuary.

Once he arrived, Kanoa was ready to greet him. Though this time she seemed angry. "Why did you do this? You know very well what happens when you do!" The male staggered towards the ruler with a glare in his eyes. "I had to. Trevor is in the Inclur. I need to save him. It...It was the only way." The frail woman crossed her pale arms. "I know he's there. I cannot enter the Inclur myself. You must not go. It's too dangerous."


The 21 year-old’s anxiety grew lavishly. " I have to! Don't you understand? I'm nothing without him." The male was delirious as he shook with his palms and grasped his scalp. The elder female sighed deeply. "I understand that. If you are willing to sacrifice where you will belong for all eternity, I think I understand what true love is." Kanoa bit her lip, deep in thought.

    "Is there a way if I go there I can bring him back to Mozek?" His burning question melted into the atmosphere. "You can make a portal, however the Deast will surely catch you." The lean male took a sharp inhale and spoke. "I have to try." Kanoa lain her hand out. "You may go, but do not say I did not warn you." Carver nodded before jumping into the pitch-black portal that would possibly trap him for all eternity. 

The temperature was scorching. The temperature was crisp. Shrills sounded and echoed. Everything is pitch-black. The absence of colours dominates. Carver leaped up, due to the fiery ground incinerating him. "Trevor! Where are you? I can't see anything. Oh my God...." The horrendous sound of wicked laughter arose. 

He knew the Deast was somewhere in his presence, but he could not see anything. "Tell me where Trevor is!" The 7ft man snickered obnoxiously. "Will take a note of that, will do. But before that, my dear baby, I'm glad you decided to show up. It's been oh-so lonely here without you. Why don't we chat a bit, hm?" Soon the darkness seemed to fade a little. However, everything was grey. 

"I don't want to chat! I need to find Trevor." The 21 year-old began to sob continuously. "Well, I suppose we can skip right to the fun." The large man's sing-song voice blared into the other's eardrum causing him to shrill in pain. Deast clapped his hands. He used the magic of the Inclur to make Trevor appear.


 Carver darted to his frail friend, hugging him tightly. However, the brunette acted dazed and confused by the sudden hug. He hadn't shown any response and did not say one word. "What's wrong with him? " The male with charcoal-coloured hair shrieked thrillingly. "Oh...about that. I reduced his thinking process and well, I did what any decent person would do; I induced a psychosis upon him."

 Forgotten

The Deast was nowhere to be seen. Carver didn't let go of his friend in fear that he may disappear too. His frown molded into his permanent expression. "Hey! Please...please say something, dear." The older male prodded and was left with only a blank stare. At least Trevor wasn't in so much pain anymore.

  The 21 year-old deliberately created a bold blue portal before it dissipated into the black nothingness. Once again, the 7ft muscular man appeared. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Just what do you think you're doing? You can't leave without attending some playtime." The elder initiated a figure eight with his left hand. 

 The brunette's ankles and wrist were clipped in metal shackles. His screams would soon be muffled out by a black leather gag. Carver was offensively repelled by these actions.                A large knife was placed in his hand as he gulped loudly. "If you do love this scumbag, wouldn't you love his insides as well? Cut him open, draw with his blood. Let him cry in pure agony!" 

  The male with jet-black hair flinched at the Deast's sharp echoing demands. "Never! I would rather stay in the Inclur than to inflict pain on him!" The taller of the two teens were sweating profusely, his heartbeat exhilarating, and his whole body became paralyzed. Deast sneered with a sloppy grin. "You have two options. I let you go if you do as I say or you do as I say and you stay here. What's it going to be, honey bunches?”


Carver knew this had to be a sick lie. It is known in the Inclur that the pain is much more unbearable than it is on Earth. You cannot die in the after life, yet you can surely feel pain. "You're lying. You wouldn't let us go." The 7ft man applauded. "Oh, hello Mr. obvious! You should trust me on this one though. I'll regenerate your boy's thinking process and let him go. How about that?"

  The 21 year-old knew to never trust the Deast, but something was laced within his words. Carver felt a tinge of sweetness on his tongue. He felt...soothed. A clumsy smile appeared as he brought the knife up. "Okay, master." As the elder male chuckled, he snapped his fingers. 

   The man with charcoal-coloured hair ran the blade over his friend's collarbone. A line of blood began to drain as Trevor wailed in ferocious pain. Hot tears exploded from the brunette's eyes whilst he dropped to the ground. The ear-piercing shrills alarmed Carver to snap out of the hypnotic state. 

  The male with black hair released a stinging gasp as weakness glided him down to the ground. He latched onto the brunette as he chanted apologies. "I'm so, so, sorry, dear! I didn't-I...I...d-didn't mean to! It's going to be okay. It's going to be okay. " It was a lot to take in for the both of them. They sobbed in tune to one another as lightning shook the universe behind them. 

 Someone was breaking into the the Inclur. An elder female with a long white dress appeared while gritting her jaws together. Her fist in position for the quarrel that was bound to come. Deast was astonished. He had made this universe to be Kanoa proof. They both raged at each other.

  "What the fuck are you doing here!?" The 7ft man lain a punch to his ex- wife's forehead. She blocked it in a timely manner and smashed a kick onto the other. It hadn't done any good. Kanoa quickly blasted the large man with a bright light. The queen multi-tasked as she created a portal with her other hand. "Hurry, jump in!" The two men did as told, thanking the female in the process.


 

 As all three arrived at Mozek, Kanoa began to seethe. "I hate that guy. There is no way to kill him off. He's too powerful. " The elder female glanced at Carver who held Trevor in his arms securely. She rubbed her temples. "What did he do to him?" The 21 year-old man became breathless. "He put him into a psychosis. You have magic to turn him back, right?"

  The queen knitted her light brows together. "Oh no...I can't. Deast is the only one whom can alter people psychologically." The male with charcoal hair was certainly not expecting such an answer. "Wait. You can't? But he can't talk or anything. How is he..." Kanoa shook her head as she patted the man on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, Carver." 

  The older male bit his lip anxiously as he pleaded with the female. "T-There has to be a way!" The ruler of Mozek began to think of any ways to get the younger boy to function properly. "Maybe...maybe...if we...I don't know. It'd probably not work, but it may be worth a try." Carver beamed passionately. "I'm willing to try anything! What is it?”

   The blonde peered to her side. "In Mozek, children sometimes get homesick. So in order to make them feel comfortable, I created Earth simulations. They are false places that mimic Earth. We could help Trevor relearn his abilities." The 21 year-old was befuddled. "I never heard of this. So, are you saying he would start as if he is at a young age?"

  The female drummed her fingers together, deep in thought. "He'll go to school. He'll have false parents and a home. Maybe some other activities." The older male inhaled sharply and lunged his vision upwards. "Okay. I sure hope this works. Am I a part of this? Will I take care of him?"

  The elder woman giggled slightly. "What task would you like? Do you want to be his teacher or his parent?" The older man grimaced at the sound of being his friend's parent. "I guess I'll be a teacher, but I'm not good at teaching. I'm... also worried that he'll not be properly taken care of." Kanoa crossed her arms, humored by the other. "Of course he'll be taken care of by good people. I'll make sure of it.”

Renewal 

  Students were plentiful in the classroom. Trevor sat at the front of the room on the right edge. The man with charcoal-coloured hair hadn't done anything like this. So, he was beyond nervous. "Good....G-Good Morning. I'm...Mr. Hadi. Welcome to class." Carver's heart palpitated as he picked up white chalk and began to write the alphabet."Today we are going to uh, learn letters. The alphabet, that is."

  Mr Hadi handed each person a piece of paper that illustrated lines to guide handwriting. All of the younger students whom had passed away when they were a child began to practice their writing. The brunette gawked into space. The 21-year-old placed a pencil in his friend's hand as he wrapped his palm around the other's. "Let's try to write A."The younger boy gazed upon the older male’s chest. This was going to be more difficult than he thought it would be.

  In the evening, class was to be dismissed. As Trevor's false parents came to pick him up, Carver's hair stood on end. The two whom were chosen by Kanoa to be his false guardians was his enemy of a brother and his brother’s wife. The younger brother felt the intense burning of resentment and jealousy build up in the pit of his stomach. He clasped his hands in the form of a fist and gritted his teeth together.

  "I was under the impression that someone with decency was to be his caretaker!" Daren whom was 32 when he passed away held his palms out, defending himself. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. We were randomly picked. Chill, dude." The curvy ginger frowned as she whispered. "Sorry..." It was true that Daren's wife was nothing like him.

  The 21-year-old male shifted his finger to his brother, accusing him. "You're too chill. We both died because you lied that you weren't drunk and proceeded to drive us to our Aunt. All you do is lie. You don't know how to take care of him!" The older man snickered viciously. "Wow. You're such a tightwad. You don't know how to have fun. Don't worry, I'll treat your lover right. Come on, Ted!"

 


 As both exited the school doors, the teacher grunted with agitation. "His name is not Ted. It's Trevor, dumb ass!" Carver would have never thought that Mozek would be such a nightmare. Whilst the man with charcoal-coloured hair had to complete his tasks as a Teren (Guardian angel) for his mother and father who was deathly ill, Daren and Sarah drove Trevor to an adequate brick house.

"Okay, Here's the dealio; don't make messes and be quiet." The ginger woman lightly slapped her husband on the shoulder. "Don't be like that. He's our child, remember? It's okay, darling. Are you hungry or thirsty?" Trevor only gave blank stare in return. "Here, let's get you situated on the couch. As the female sat him down, she went to make him a drink. Daren sat down beside the brunette with an arm sprawled out on each side of him. 


  Back on Earth, Carver had business to attend to. As a Teren, he watched over his elder mother and father who coughed and wheezed excessively. He was actually worried about them. As the Teren subtly floated towards the couple, he shimmered invisible crystals upon the two.

 Carver's guardians were enlightened by this action as they began to abruptly cheer. "I just got a sudden sense of hope, honey. We'll get over this illness, but we need to live our life before it's too late!" The male nodded with bewilderment. "I don't know what you just said- if you said anything at all, but okay!" The woman stomped her feet. "I said; let's go skydiving!"

 Drifting

"Days" had passed by rather slowly. Trevor didn't seem to be picking up any common knowledge. Carver's intensive anxiety clawed at his scalp while depression seemed to nip at his chest. He wonders if it is even a doable task. The man groaned, rubbing his temples. It was after class and the brunette's false parents were already 15 minutes late to pick him up.



 It was disturbingly quiet in the classroom. It was deafening only to hear an absence of sound. The shorter man walked up to the teacher's desk, holding a piece of paper he had drawn on. The older male was startled by this as he jolted his attention to the other. "Oh. Hi, Trevor. What do you have there?" The 19-year-old laid out his drawing in front of his friend.

Mr. Hadi scanned the photo and felt his heart flutter with happiness. On the picture was scribbles with yellow marker. His hopefulness heightened that the spell had maybe started to wear off. "Is this for me? Thank you, dea-Trevor." 

  The younger male hadn't responded in any way, however, he made his way behind the desk. Trevor sat on the man's lap and leaned against the other's firm chest. Carver inhaled a sharp rigged breath patting the other on the shoulder. "Well, your parents should be here soo-"

  The male with charcoal-coloured hair was cut off by his cellphone ringing an obnoxious tune. He answered it to find out it was his annoying brother. "What up, bro-yo? Just want to tell you we won't be able to make it tonight. We have a so-called urgent thingy for us on Earth. You're goin' to have to watch Tyrel at the house, ‘kay?" The 21 year old felt somewhat guilty that he was excited about a tragedy happening on Earth. "Of course. Bye." 

  As Mr. Hadi walked the brunette to the brick house, they shared meaningful glances with one another. Once they were inside, he hadn't really known what to do next. "Uhm....So, do you want to play a game until bedtime or...I don't know." Carver felt his hands become increasingly clammy. Why was he so nervous?

The younger male fell to the ground, grunting desperately. The 21 year-old knew this was his attempt to communicate, he was just unsure how to decipher it. Trevor was groping in between his legs gnawing his teeth together. The older male began to sweat profusely. "You must have to use the restroom!" 



The taller of the two lifted his friend up as the other wrapped his legs around him. Carver searched in so many doors of the house, however, when he finally found the bathroom, it was too late. The older male’s eyes widen with dread whilst he felt a warm liquid flowing upon his side. "Oh, god." The older male's face grew extensively hot as he stood the man up. 

  He scratched his head, anxiously. "U-uh, looks like we both need to be cleaned up, huh?" The taller male's jokes lain limp in the air before Trevor dashed away into a bedroom. As Carver ran after him, he noticed the other on a bed sobbing into a pillow. 

  The lanky man sat down beside him and started to caress the man's hair like he use to. "It's okay. I'm not mad. It's my fault I didn't get you there in time." The brunette sat up revealing his bloodshot eyes and wet tears draining onto his chin. This is when Trevor spoke for the first time in forever. Though the phrase was very unexpected, it gave the older man intense hope. "I'm not taking a bath."


  Kanoa had called all of the occupants of Mozek together for a meeting in her sanctuary.  The elder female stood on a soft fabric of white fleece. The birds sang as a false sun shined. The area was made to look like an Earth's meadow. It was supposed to be peaceful, however, everyone felt rather leery due to the random meeting.

 "I have called you all today because I'd like to discuss an important subject." The female held each palm in one another. The crowd seemed intensively confused by such a sudden announcement. "I want you to be all aware that we may have many break-ins soon by galens (demons). I'm sorry about the....uh, I'm just sorry." The ruler was rather distant and appeared unsettled.

  As Kanoa vanished, every Teren began to communicate with one another. Carver wrapped his arm around Trevor's shoulder. "We have to hide out. The simulation isn't safe anymore. That's the first place Deast or his galens (demons) will look. The old man grabbed the other's hand and lifted him into a brilliant blue portal. 






In the main area of Mozek is a place of a mirrored land. This is where everyone resides after their daily tasks as a Teren (guardian angel). The two men stood outside their zalee (home). The taller of two muttered incoherently as he paced back in forth. "I just...we're not safe. Kanoa acts like this when she doesn't want to alarm us. But, it's such a serious situation."

 The older male peered at the other whom was sitting down, glaring at his reflection. "No matter what happens, I'll protect you. Don't worry, okay?" This was really going to screw Trevor's process up, but there is no escape. Weeks passed as the brunette and his friend hid out in one zalee together. It was rather boring, but they were not yet found. Not yet.

 Evil Arises

 Kanoa and Deast were together. This is not good news. She had let him into Mozek. He had promised and she decided to give him one last chance out of 12,709 times. "You look so gorgeous, sweetie. I know you still haven't regained my trust, but I really am a new person. It's just not the life for me, y'know?"

The couple sat atop of the grass within the meadow. "You do promise not to hurt anybody, right? How are you going to prove your innocence?" The old male sneered as he clapped his palms together. "Well, I could reverse the spell on your little boy. I could do a lot of good here on Mozek. You'll see soon enough, honey bunch.” 

The elder female bit her lip. She really couldn't believe she was doing this. Love really makes you do stupid things. All Deast's purpose was to take over her universe due to unresolved quarrels in the past. They made Mozek together, but through a lot of arguments the man decided to make his own to backlash the other. This was fueled by jealousy and Kanoa somehow adored that side of him.

  "Okay. You know you are a well-known enemy here, don't you? I don't know how I'm going to spread the news." The female with white hair gazed into the other's orange eyes. She saw her old friend, Dylan. It was never supposed to be this way. They were supposed to live with one another's trust. It didn't seem so hard before marriage. It all went down hill from there.



 "Yes. I'll change that. Don't you worry sugar cube. We'll run this place together. I'm sorry for all I've done." Deast rested his palm under his wife's chin and dove in for a dry kiss. As they soon broke apart, the ruler gleamed. "I love you." The older male nodded, bring his wife into a loose hug. "Love you too, honey bunch. Thanks for doing what should have done for so long." 

___________________________________________

When all was said and done, Kanoa laid the news out to all of Mozek. People were furious, however, they learnt to accept their ruler’s decision. Carver has been around for so long, that he has known the Deast's motive. He lies, he wins. This has happened far too many times before.

 Carver requested his own personal meeting with Kanoa. "I'm just worried. He has done this before and it has caused chaos that people are still recovering from." When the blonde elder was like this, it was difficult to change her mind. The female stubbornly crossed her arms.

  "I know, I know. I've heard this. I really think he has changed this time around. Let's give him one more chance." The male didn't want to offend her, but she was just not correct this time. "Shouldn't we have something to protect us just in case a war erupts?" The elder huffed sarcastically. "No! There is no need to worry about him. Please mind your own business. Leave." Mr. Hadi followed her finger that pointed to a newly developed white portal. He hung his head in defeat and exited the sanctuary.

Carver really didn't know how to protect anyone. Though, it seemed the odds were against him. A year had passed without unfortunate tragedies occurring in Mozek. The male with charcoal-coloured hair went about his day teaching in an Earth simulation.

  The cycle became dragging to him. His sense of being seemed to fade into a black hole. Trevor just hasn't been the same, he is constantly stressing about the Deast's presence and worst; he is lonely. It felt as if his companion has died for all eternity. Will he ever be back?




A sharp crash alerted all of the students. Within the musty haze appeared Deast. "Hello, I'm here to be a substitute teacher, possibly permanent." Mr. Hadi shot up. "There is no need for a new teacher. You don't belong here. Please exit!" As all of the children muffled in unison, the 7ft man clapped. 

 "I'm here to take Trevor. I was...chosen to be the boy's special ed teach." Carver knew it was all made up. Everything of the Deast is made up! Before he could deny this, Trevor was swooped away through a black Sani (portal). It was at this moment that the man new the end was about to begin.

Unfortunate Events

  It was alerted to the queen that Trevor had been kidnapped and so far, she has no clue of where they could be. Everyone had traced all portals, but no one was to be found. It was thought, that the Inclur was not destroyed as promised and that they might be there. 

All of Mozek, including Sarah and Daren, entered the Inclur. However, once they arrived, all of the occupants had been shackled as they watched the tall man and the young male. Carver and everyone's yells were muffled by gags. The horror had begun. There was no good luck.

 Deast handed the brunette a golden antique key as he gave a snarly grin. "With this, my boy. I want you to put in this lock."  A keyhole floated within the thin atmosphere, Trevor gazed up at the other, furrowing his brows. The tall man signaled for the other to do as told. 

Trevor dropped the key and ran to all of the crowd, untying the leather gags. "What are you doing? You are the only person whom possesses the power to rid of any particular universe. You must do this or I'll demolish your existence." The shorter male slowly came to. “No. " 

  Deast yanked the male and thrown him into a pit of smoking charcoal. His eyes flared as he whined from the scorching sensation. "I will! I will!" The mutter barely had sounded, though the 7ft elder picked it up quickly. Carver forcefully exhaled. "No, don’t. Trevor!" It was too late due to the male being tossed out of the pit. 



What has not expected from the brunette was that he understood more than people thought he did. Whilst in a psychosis, he knew of consequences. Slowly but surely, he regained his power. He knew he was in a compromising predicament. Not all memories have restored, though he knew good from bad. He was to show everyone this fact.

 Trevor twisted the key to invert the bottom. Something within him told him exactly what he needed to do. Deast began to fight the boy's hold on the key, but was interrupted by the brunette turning it into the lock. Soon the 7ft man vanished whilst the scenery began to change into a peaceful meadow.

 All of Mozek cheered as their cuffs disappeared. Kanoa, Daren, Sarah, and Carver ran up to the male. "You did it! How did you know to do such a thing?" The ruler squished the younger of all of them in a restrained hug. Carver grinned passionately. "I knew you wouldn’t use such a rare power for evil. I told you were to be alive for something great."


Distant Memory

All of Mozek was dressed in sparkling glitter. A celebration consisted of many auras flashing. High pitched music cascaded the floor.

Two men bit into a chocolate coated strawberry. Balloons of light coloured the atmosphere. Arranged dances collided. The fantasy of happiness began to create a comforting storm.

As Carver, Trevor, Daren, Sarah, and Kanoa danced to the infatuating rhythm, they smiled with complete peace. The 21 year-old pat his friend on the back. "I'm glad you’re back, dear. I couldn't do this without you."

 The brunette stared into denim eyes, sighing in anguish. "I can't remember. I don't know where I am. I can't remember. Time is going backward. I can't remember. " 

 It sounded as if the younger male was chanting a mantra with a monotone voice. Carver thought he had got his best friend back, but perhaps not. "What...What do you mean, dear? Time's not going backward. We’re in Mozek. What don't you remember?"

 The scrawny man shrugged. "I want to go back home." This deeply confused the other as he knew that the brunette wanted to be anywhere but home. "Home is here now. You're okay."

This is when Carver brought the shorter of the two in a tight embrace. Tears threatened to fall. It would take quite some time for the spell to wear off. Until then, all he could do was stay by his side.

 Inspiration

  Trevor Dane Fredrick died at 19 years old. He was troubled since his birth. He felt threatened by everyday life. It was only instinctual that he commit suicide. Trevor felt he was a loser. Though, in the afterlife he has found out that he has a rare power linked to Kanoa of creating and destroying universes.

The boy was meant to create a universe for people of Earth to go when life gets too hectic. This was not the case when he decided to take a short cut. Even if unfortunate events take the place of your dreams, it is arranged to strengthen who you are so you become a better identity. 

Every human being is designated to be a powerful voice of all universes. Anyone has different unique powers. It may not seem like this. The truth is always hazed away. Believe in the unbelievable.

Everyone possesses a power that that is provoked within the afterlife of Mozek. Some people are lucky enough to be able to unlock such a power whilst being alive. There are quite a few people whom acquire such an ability to create a new universe. 

  Kanoa is Trevor's x72 great-grandmother. It is only genetic to have such a power. Carver has the ability to read minds and feel someone's feelings. This makes him out to be a very compassionate human being. Even in the afterlife of Mozek, some people have not yet discovered their natural ability.

The story ends just as it begins. As a man whom finally realized the magic within himself is unleashed, he is united with a strong companionship. Many universes are birthed during this time. Many universes will die whilst other's will be born. 
 


 The Unknown

”It is unknown how to begin and how to stop. One thing is for sure, we can always begin by taking one step forward. Years go by, days go by, seconds go by. It may not seem like much is moving at all, however our mind races with thoughts.

 These thoughts can be cataclysmic depending on the situation. Maybe some are not even your own. It is unknown. However, we already know so much about this subject.”

 A young preteen of 13 years old writes in her worn out notebook. It is colored deep green and brings favorable memories to. She frowns with hatred. There has to be much more than this. What is life outside of...life?

 It is just that. It is unknown. The only way to know is when the end begins. Nevertheless, it is so much more dramatic than that. Is there a way to know the unknown without starting at the end? Perhaps so.

 Meditation day in and day out. This act brings clues. Closer and closer she goes towards the unknown. The only setback is, she cannot reach. It is so close, yet so far away. 

 She wonders what it will be like to reach nirvana, to reach true happiness. Will this ever happen or is she setting herself up for failure? Confidence is key. 

 The key she has is missing. All she needs is confidence, yet it is no where to be found. Where could the key be? Is it a metaphor? No. 

 A young preteen of 13 with a name of Kalani O’kusky lays under a roof above a store. The pouring rain just adds to her confusion. Why does life have to be so dreadful? Is there reasoning for such a thing?


Why is she here with no friends or family in sight? Where did she come from? Why do people not speak to her? It is unknown.

  The lightning shrieks as the female stands up with gritted teeth. No matter how much meditation she practiced, she could never halt her anger. It is only fair that she gives the anger back to the sky.

 ”Why?” The brunette screams at the frostbitten clouds. The young girl walks around the park, confused. Confusion does not mean you haven’t touched the unknown. It means you wonder why there was such an unknown in the first place. 

 No one in this town can see her. It’s as if she is a ghost. Though, the girl cannot bear to open her memories she goes unsteadily into town. Pushed and shoved, she wonders why she is still here.

 The birth of existence was not much to remember, depending on the fact that it had never existed. It was time of horror and a time of no tomorrow. There is no tomorrow. There is only today. Yesterday should never be spoken of.

 In the back of her mind, she knew the truth. She was meant to die when before she was born. However as this may be as so, a soul continues to grow. Kalani is stuck in between the planes of hell and heaven. 

 Something isn’t forgiven. She is still trapped in a past of delusion. A fateful night carries out, it would change. The young girl cannot change anything, no matter how much she wants to. 

 Kalani is just that; a girl with no routine. A meaningless female with no body to hold her composition together. She wants to bleed, she wants to feel physical pain and everything that comes with it. What is it like to feel joy, sadness, or fear? The peace that once was broken in half a long time ago. 

 New Arrival

”Why is everyone so excited?” Trevor questions with a blunt tune. The meeting starts within the meadow of much history. Kanoa claps her palms together and begins to announce.


 ”I welcome you all here to promote Trevor Dane Fredrick as a new Teren(Guardian Angel). He will be guarding a young girl lost in confusion and no luck. This will be beneficial on both sides.” The crowd cheers with constant melody whilst, Carver spins his friend in an expressive hug. 


”I can’t believe you did it! You are going to become a Teren (Guardian Angel)! You’ve come so far!” The brunette glares suspiciously up at him. “What if I don’t want to be a Teren (guardian angel)?” 

 This created the stagnant atmosphere between the two as the older male gasps in disbelief. “ Why...wouldn’t you want to?” It is unheard of that someone would refuse such a responsibility.

 The younger man shifted his eyes to the rigged grass. “I can’t do it. Did you see how much of a failure I am already? I wouldn’t want to ruin someone’s life because I’m so childish.”

 Once the meeting had ended and Carver was put in charge of teaching Trevor how to be a perfect Teren(Guardian Angel), they both resided in a simulation of Earth once again.

 The 21 year-old held the smaller male’s hands in each of his own. The scenery was somewhat simplistic; a black floor with white tiles and tan walls cascading the area. Carver bit his lip anxiously, “Now I never done this before. I am honored to teach you, but I want you to be accepting of the knowledge you will learn.”

 The brunette’s eyes glazed over with disinterest. His sigh created a whirlpool of anxiety. “ You really think I could do such a thing? I am such a broken person. I can never do anything right.” 

 The simulation began to fade into nothingness. It was eerily quiet in the stuffy room and both men’s hands became clammy. “You’re lacking confidence. I can sense this, whether you tell me or not.” The shorter boy grunted with rage.

 ”How come you always know just what I am thinking and feeling? I don’t even feel secure within my own mind anymore!” Carver’s aura lit bright in accordance with this frustrated statement. “That is my key. My power. I can feel people’s emotions and read their mind. Enough of me. Let’s get started!”  

Trevor pouted with defeat as he scratched his head. “First thing is: You need confidence. Why are you lacking in such a mandatory skill?” The 19 year-old rolled his eyes as he huffed. “I don’t want to do this!” Time seemed to forgo a change. The aggression lit a fiery mold. 



The younger male began to sob, his tears splashing onto his cheeks. The face of his grew hot with embarrassment. Carver was unpleasantly concerned. He knew why and what was bothering him, his friend just doesn’t know so much about himself.

 ”I want you to know that you can tell me anything, dear. You may not want to and that’s okay. However, I still want you to get past this.” Carver’s friend shook with unsteady nervousness erupting a volcano in his brain and an earthquake in his chest.

 ”There is something missing.” The man with charcoal-coloured hair knitted his brows toward one another as he stared the younger boy down. “What do you mean? What are you missing that’s preventing you from being your old self; happy Trevor?” 

  The brunette shook his head angrily, his tongue burnt with an odd sensation. “I don’t feel like I belong here. I feel there should be more to the afterlife than this. I know I’m dead..I wish I could go back, knowing all the things I know now.” 

  It was a lot to take in from the 19 year-old, but Carver knew exactly what his friend meant. It was sad. It was sad to see someone so dear to you feel so low. 

 The older of the two brushed his friend’s greasy bangs out of his face. “I know that and I know what you're missing.” Trevor scanned the other in sudden astonishment. “What is it? What do I need?” 

 The 21 year old exhaled roughly. “It’s not what you need, it’s what you miss.” Carver knew that this was cheating. His companion was to learn for himself of what his setbacks were, however it became to much to hold in.  . 

 Trevor became frantic as he pulled his friend too close to his face. “Tell me! I need to know! It’s only fair if you do.” The older man’s heart thumped to the pit of stomach as he nodded in agreement. “You miss your parents.” 



 Anger

It was dull, yet sharp. The hit burned the skin of his cheek. His tears dared to fall, but didn't. The gravity of the situation pulled upon the 21 year-old. Trevor punched him.

  It seem like the younger of two was angrier after such a brain trauma had happened to him. It was difficult for Carver to recognize his best friend anymore. The best friend he had met when they were children; the happy-go-lucky kid. What changed?

His life changed. Something happened in the past which is controlling the fate of the future. It is now or never that he must rescue him. It is now or never he'll fight back the voice in his friend's head.

  The 21 year-old knew that Trevor did not intend to do such a thing. It wasn't him, it was something else controlling him, anger. The older man leaned backward, still in shock of the punch that was forcefully planted on his cheek.


"T-Trevor...I didn't mean to make you upset...I was just t-trying to help." It was a sad attempt to defend himself, but he knew of nothing else to say. The younger male knew the other was completely shocked due to his real name escaping the other’s lips."Why would you bring that up? You know good and well that I don't want to remember that!" 

  The shorter of the two shrieked between his gritted teeth. Trevor could feel his hand and his heart ache deeply within. He let his feelings control him and now there is no going back. 

  The realization had dawned on him that he just abused his best friend, just like he had been abused before. The man felt that his soul was merely a boy risking relationships and not thinking of the consequences. The brunette's lower lip quivered involuntarily whilst his tears began to flow.

  Carver brought the other to his chest as he consoled him. Why was this man always so nice to him? He really didn't deserve such compassion. "I-I-I'm sorry. I just don't...want to talk about. It brings too many bad memories. Please don't hate me."

Trevor was terrified of losing his only companion, best friend, and lover. It was aggravating to think that he wasn't worth such love, yet he yearned for it. His obsessions lead the role in which he only depends on other people for his happiness.

  The man with charcoal-like hair lifted the his friend’s chin up and planted a wet kiss upon the broken boy. "It's okay. I don't hate you. I know you're in pain. I want to make you feel better. I just...I just...don't know how anymore." The younger man sniffled, echoing the halls of despair. 

 As the time went on the lesson went on. The older man began to test the other. "Now, what do you do if someone is confused?" The brunette drifted into a shady memory. "Uh...you be confused with them?" 

 It was true that Trevor was stubborn and had ADHD knocking at his door, but he must know such mandatory lessons! The 21 year-old huffed heavily as he felt his head pulsate. "Come on, dear. You know this one..You connect with them to learn where their confusion is rooted. Okay. Question two:-"

 The quiz seemed to take forever. The lessons were not even the hard part. It was time to finally go to Earth and guard Kalani.

Arranged Situations

 A distraught female lain whilst rubbing her chin. Today she felt melancholy. A hint of nostalgia graced her chest. Oddly, she felt somewhat peaceful. 

 The sun flashed beautiful rays, the sun sang a whistle of a pleasant tune, and the heart in Kalani's chest seemed full. But why? Why did she feel...good? There really was no reason for it. 

 The child is stuck as a spirit with no one to talk to. What made her feel this comfort? It is so foreign, yet familiar. The brunette pulls herself up on the warm bench. The only one to talk to is the animals, even though they don't know she is there.

  How could she not feel lonely right now? Loneliness use to dig so deep within her skull, she could barely breathe. It wasn't a complaint, however. The child took advantage and done something that hasn't been done for ages. 

  Kalani smiled. She smiled a bright smile, one that sparkled her eyes, made her heart flutter, and allowed her to breathe freely. She was happy. This new sensation is foreign, yet so familiar. 

  The female wanted to know what her purpose was if anything at all. She began to realize that she doesn't need to know yet. The unknown will be known in time. What even is the unknown if it is finally known? Would anybody ever be satisfied if they had known the unknown?

  The brunette glanced down at her grey, translucent hand and gleamed bright. A day like this should be celebrated. How does a ghost celebrate? Haunting, of course!

  As the child began to search for a house, she was interrupted with a unique looking man in front of her. He seemed to glow. Humans did not glow, especially yellow. 

  Kalani knitted her brows together and started to walk pass the male, before being blocked by him. This was sudden and intense. Did he know she was there? The young girl gulped loudly and examined the other fully.  He was somewhat translucent as well. Although, instead of grey he glowed gold. It was odd and unnatural. 

  The man seemed to leap as he grinned sincerely. "Hi, uh..." What was this guy's deal? He was definitely not human! She couldn't see other ghosts, though she knew they existed. Could this be...God? 

  If so, why is God so nervous? "Hey, dude. I'm guessing your God. Takin' me to heaven, huh? Thanks, I appreciate it." Trevor was taken aback by this sassy behavior. He would of never thought that such a big attitude would come from such a small girl.

  "No, I'm not God. I'm your...personal assistant. You're guardian angel, that is. Sorry to bother you, I just wanted to meet you front and center." The child's eyes lit up as if she saw a bucket of candy. 

  "Wow! You are!? I knew something good was going to happen today! I have so many questions! There must be more of a ghost's life, because this really sucks! I'm so glad I have someone who can see me! What's it like...in heaven? How can I get there?"

  The 19 year-old chuckled at the girl's ethusiasm, shaking his head. "I'm not from Heaven. That's a place on an another planet. I come from Mozek. I use to live on Earth too. I know it sucks and it's hard. You're situation is different from mine, because you already passed away. I came here to help you unlock your unfinished business, so you can enjoy Mozek with me. It'd be an honor to be your guide, may I?" 

  The shorter of two rose her eyebrows. “Yes, please! You Sir, get to me my bff! So, what's my unfinished business? Can we skip and go to the Mozek? I'm dying to know what it's like!" The female's voice wailed desperately as she begged the Teren to take her away.

  "No, I'm sorry. You can’t go just yet, let's talk." Trevor lain a gentle palm on the girl's shoulder and lead her back to the red bench. "I don't have any unfinished business! Unless, we are talking about the business that needs to be done. A.K.A. Taking this fine girl to Mozek!" The male chuckled lightly once more.

"You have memories that you don't want to remember. We can start there." The child's eyes began to glaze over as she crossed her lifeless arms. "What are you talking about? I remember everything. I don't need to know anything else. This really is a drag, you know." 
 
The personality of the female reminded Trevor of someone, someone he knew. A person that was stubborn and childish. Himself. They had a lot in common. "Do you remember your mom? I know this may be hard to talk about, but..it's...it's hard for me too. I'm very new at this." 

  The sun began to set behind them as the flowers folded into sleep. "My mom is great. Everything's fine. I'm all good." The long lie tore a shred in the wind. "You have an ability. I can see that in you. It's something you never expected and it's most certainly not lying." The male snickered as the child frowned with annoyance. 

  "And I thought that Angels weren't suppose to mock you...I guess we're both wrong." It was apparent that the female was loosely avoiding such a subject. It could take all of the time in the world. Trevor would not stop. He couldn't fail at his first job of being a Teren (Guardian Angel)



The man wanted to teach what he has learnt from his life. He could never go back to living the beauty that is life. Trevor has a deep yearning to unleash this girl's troubles and he will never give up on this task.

 Evil Love

On Mozek, a ruler searches for her sanity. A sanity lost long ago. It is right now that she questions if she even exists in the first place. This stout and thin woman is 72 years old. Still awake and still alive, she goes about her life knowing the unknown. However, she still is not fulfilled.


What is this fulfillment she yearns for? Is it a doable task? There is nothing else to understand. Why does she feel as if there is more to know of the unknown?

  One thing is for sure, something is missing. Something that is very important to a life. Love. Kanoa lost her husband to evil. The root of all evil turned out to be him all along.

  It was difficult to comprehend and accept this fact. The elder smiles as she remembers the life with Dylan, not Deast. When he met, he was sincere. However, jealousy turned him into something he is not. 

  The man was trapped in his body with another spirit: Deast. An evil spirit that took her best friend away. The female lightly sobs as she realizes just what she misses. 

  Love. It is like glue, it keeps us sane. It keeps us insane. This artwork of feelings latch onto our heartstrings, bringing about confusion and peacefulness. Love brings discomfort and comfort at the same time. Nothing can replace this.

  Kanoa knows that her grandchild ended her husband’s existence. She did feel anger, not towards Trevor, but towards something else she couldn’t place. Evil. Evil has destroyed such a life.

  How she wishes, she could bring the man back. Not Deast, Dylan. The man whose always so gentle and kind. The man whose smile makes her heart dance. The man whom knew her most.






 Brain Power

 “I want to know what Mozek is like, please tell me?” The long brunette hair of the child danced in the wind. Her translucent skin flashing according to the stars. 

Trevor snorted clumsily. “It’s pretty nice. You’d like it.” He was not allowed to give out too much information in fear that she may have an rebellious side like someone evil once did. “Wow. You don’t say much, do you?”

The man was nervous, to say the least. He worries that he’ll make a mistake and fail at his one job. This anxiety pushes his limits of achievement. “So, you’re mother-” 

The girl growled before the other could finished. “No! We were not talking about that!” The female became increasingly infuriated by every second of the conference. 

How was he suppose to get any information out of this girl? “Fine, you win. Let’s talk about something else. You’re Dad. What was he like?” The child jumped 3 feet into the air.

”I don’t remember him! You do realize, I died in the womb, right? My mom was addicted to crack. Okay, you know. Let’s go!” Trevor’s eyes suddenly glossed over. He soon developed a knot in his throat, feeling his breath hitch. 

“I-Im sorry that happened. I’m glad you remember, and I’m sorry I had to bring back such scary memories. I really do appreciate you confiding in me, however.” The 19 year-old gave a slight smile.

It was depressing. This girl hadn’t known a life. She was instantly set up for failure. She was never born, never got to feel the beauty that is life. 

Kalani received an abrupt and tight hug from the other. It irritated her that someone was so close to her. It made her feel violated and vulnerable. She soon shoved him far away.




The male looked ashamed and bewildered by the brutal rejection. “I-Im sorry. I just thought - Well, hugs usually help me...I guess they’re not for everyone.” 

 It took quite sometime, but the child learnt to let go of her past and accept her future. She was gladly united with her new friends/family in Mozek. Kalani was pleased to find out the secrets of the unknown. 

 It was pronounced that this young child would be labeled under Mozek’s princess due to the her ancestors being of O’Kuksy decedent.  The stubborn and rebellious child was honored as she grinned snobbishly. 

 It was all a great party of celebration. Cheers intensified the serenity of the meadow as Trevor smiled up at his friend, Carver. They both shared a strong lock of an intimate gaze upon one another. 

 This was not the ending, it was the beginning. Kalani had some say over some rules and regulations, she took advantage. It was announced that the next movement should escalate toward finding more planets of the afterlife. 

 There is still more to know about the unknown. It seems as if outer space is infinite. It knows how to keep things moving. It’s an intelligent vessel. Mozek and many other planets are just like a brain.

 Jantung


The sky is orange, the grass is red. The sounds are nonexistent. The heat is frozen. That atmosphere is deadly. Prickled with acid, this planet stay’s statically safe. For the inhabitants, that is.

The people whom do live here, do look a lot like humans. However, they have long fuzzy ears, much like a rabbit. This is so, due to such quiet sounds that must be heard. 

It is arctic on Jantung to anyone that is an alien to such a place. If you are a common resident here, you would feel much scorching fire. This is good because of two reasons: keeps intruders out, and warms the cold souls of all that live here.


On Jantung, the people that live here had died. They are time-travelers. A very intelligent crowd, known for many discoveries in the future. These people are quiet and refrain from much speaking.

  The people of Jantung let their feelings tell all that needs to be known. The motto from such a planet is,” Nothing will change, if you never change.” It has stuck since before the big bang.

  A beauty to see and feel, though this place has it’s ups and downs. The people that arrive here have died from only natural causes on Earth. While it is not known if Earth is the center of all living things, it is known that many of us will end up on a planet such as Jantung and Mozek.

  The population of the confident world only see in green. Though it is only limited to one color, they can see much more than people on other planets can. For example; they can see through people and understand how they’re ill, the can see all spirits, and most importantly they can see chemical reactions in the atmosphere.

 Simple

 ”So, this is the plan. I know that there are other planets. I can see them when I focus in on them, it’s just not so easy to figure out how to get there.” Kalani spoke with an intense focal point. She had an ability. 

 A unique ability that no other has ever had. An ability of seeing outside of her vision. She could see so far away, there was no limit to this power. 

 One planet that she could see clearly, sparked sudden interest. She had to investigate! Could they survive on such a place? The humans that reside there were evolved to take such extreme climate conditions, they were not.

  It wasn’t safe to move all inhabitants of Mozek to another planet that may disturb their body chemistry. What would happen to them? They couldn’t die in the afterlife, could they? 

  Maybe, they would feel pain. Is it really that bad to feel pain? If they could use their brain to ignore such pain, it’d be beneficial in discovering more of the unknown.



It was set that only of few amount of people would venture out to space. Kalani, Kanoa, Sarah, Daren, Carver, and Trevor. So it began. The start of new knowledge. 

How would they go about it? Could they sustain such limitations? The planet was only one universe away. Only. It wouldn’t be so hard. 

That’s it! They would meditate themselves away to space. It would be mandatory that they not split up. How could they prevent this? Of course! Molding each other’s auras into one another. It was as simple as that.

 Exhilaration

A place of grey and black housed all six spirits. The colors aligned according to correspondence with a rainbow. Daren- red, Sarah-maroon, Trevor-gold, Kanoa-green, Kalani-green, Carver-blue. 

 These former humans, clashed into merely balls of colorful lights. It was now or never that they go about this adventure to a planet called Jantung. Smoothly, the auras blended into one another. 

  It was artistic for such a thing that had never been done happen. To these spirits, it felt only natural to do such a thing.  It was a classic instinctual trait of the spirits of Mozek. 

  It began to rain pleasant shards of glass as all inhaled slowly and steadily. A release of plutonium sent a jet-like sound into one another. The single light swam as it slowly faded into nothingness.

  Through the distance, a mist of hydrochloric acid began subtly apparent, due to the strong reflecting scent. It was alarming to know that this could damage such fragile existences. It was well worth the risk.  Without knowledge of the unknown, what would be the point of existing in the first place?

  Once they would succeed in arrival of an alien planet, it would change all future events. This would disrupt the chain that held all that is known together. The unknown would not be unknown much longer.



Absent Conversations

Radiating deadly heat, all extremities became frostbitten. A tornado of ammonia harshly dripped through the orange-kissed atmosphere. The world echoed of nothing at all.

  It was so quiet, that it was damaging to any form of hearing. The skin of these aliens burnt as it smoked and drifted off into the skies. It was prominent that all auras could not transform to the colourful spirits they were internally to protect themselves.

  It was horrifying to know that this may be the true end for them all. With all agonizing pain aside, it was realized the Jantung was such a simple planet. They new that they were intruders, but to whom?

  As all became relatively use to the scorching heat and blistering razor-sharp atmosphere, they began to see. No one was in existence here, not that they could see.

”I don’t think that there are people here.” Trevor gnawed his lower teeth and began to shake with fear as Carver tried his best to console him. “It’s okay. If no one’s here-” Kalani became agitated by every second that passed.

”We are not leaving! Not without more. There has to be people here! I saw them!” Daren cringed at the young girl’s exclamations. “Maybe you saw it wrong?”

This soon resulted in the 32 year-old being violently kicked in the stomach by a small child. “Ow! What was that for?” The ruler suddenly hushed all five and began to quiver unsteadily.

What approached was a catastrophe. There were too many humans to count. It became unbearable to accept that these people were angry, very angry. It was absolutely unsettling that all began to ignite a war.

  It seemed that these people were much more intellectually developed than them their-selves were. It was noted that they were the ones who shot excruciating pains through all six aliens.


This group was infuriated with such intruders. It was well known that the group would not make it out alive or dead. As they began to accept their fate, they pleaded to let the others listen. 

 ”We won’t hurt you! We just wanted to understand your world!” Though, these explanation were not recognized by the others, for they spoke of another language. Absent conversations is what united all of the people in Jantung.

 Shaken Grievances

   The area in which was hit with a blast of lightning shook the skulls of all aligned. It seemed as if the skulls of the Mozek’s people would be crushed under a convulsive force. Their eardrums popped with one last shrill of a high-pitched squeal. 

  It was tormenting to say the least. All known hope vanished instantly. These people had no plan of defense. It was time that they withstand the weight of pain. Corrupted minds fused into all colors as they began to fly within the atmosphere.

   One particular person stood out from the tribe, a female with bright white skin and emerald eyes. She growled with intention to kill. The dark green locks of her hair spinning in illusion. 

   According to Mozek citizens, all vision swirled. This created a debilitating bomb of unrecognizable death. It was true that this may be the one and final end. Though, Mozek would not leave without a fight.

  As all detached into all of their personal human vessels, they proceeded with a not so peaceful interaction. Mozek did not destine to be harmful. All that they wanted to do was to halt the actions of the tribe in order to explain such a urgent element as to why they arrived in Jantung.

  Mozek was known to have such limited powers, though they used them wisely and truthfully. The spotlight arose on Daren himself. He was the only one of Mozek to possess such a destructive power. That is, to erupt “natural” disasters. 

  

As the 32 year old’s ego blossomed larger the universe itself, he wrestled his way towards Jantung’s tribe. His hands ignited with fumes that lie heavy in his hold. Red, yellow, orange, blue; and the hottest of them all, green. When all force was thrust towards the opposing side, the planet rattled with in-compliance.

   It was as if Jantung knew exactly what he had done. The atmosphere disagreed with such foreign power. Lights began to spark as water began to spew onto. Fire and water rang in perfect alliance with one another. 

   Fire and water was once considered enemies, though not today. The crowed wailed a unsettling sound of deranged agony. It would not hurt such people whom they imposed upon, rather scare them. 

 Brain Depth

  Mozek’s people did not think- at least not as much as Jantung did. It was never considered that these alien’s decrepit bodies could not take such dangerous conditions. It was in fact, not planned to harm them.

  The razor sharp knife began to pulse within everyone’s chest, especially Daren. Jantung’s tribe lit on fire and began to melt into clear liquid. Daren had done such a thing unintentionally, so why did he feel so unbearably guilty?

  Carver had wept, feeling their pain. It was disturbingly excruciating. His tears strongly bled out of his eyelids as he clawed his arm. It was not melting like the Jantung’s tribe, though, the Indonesian’s ability was to be able to physically feel other’s feelings.

  “We have to save them. We had no right to do this! What are we going to do!? They’re dying! They’re dying!” Both Kalani and Trevor shouted in unison. 

  “I don’t have the ability to-Daren, make it stop!” Kanoa grimaced as she had shield her eyes from the perturbing reality. The 32 year-old’s heart began to race as hot tears cut his cheek.

  “I can’t! I can only create disasters. There is no way. We- I just k-k-k-k-killed.…” Sarah forcefully rammed her husband into the ground shaking inconsistently. Her eyes blistered with complete dissatisfaction of the event molding into her everlasting memories.


   

Trevor was visibly shaken as he held Carver whilst sobbing in his friend’s chest. All was nightmare. Things had not gone as planned. Kalani scoffed lightly. “They’ll be fine! What is everyone crying about? It should end soon. I can see in the future. Eveything’s fine and we just have to wait it out.”

  Sarah’s eyes were glazed over. “Everything is fine. I can create peace.” Without further ado, the ginger held each palm in another and breathed sharply. With a stern voice, she shouted instantly. “Be Gone!” 
  
   As the terrifying hell came to a rough end, all of Jantung’s tribe began to chant in a unheard language. The tone of language gave the impression that they were not angry, however Sarah was thanked for such a sacrifice she had given. Many inhabitants of Jantung ran to the female and began to praise her by way of clapping and chanting.

 Liar Liar, Jantung on Fire

  It was agreed by Jantung and Mozek to live within an alliance. It was also learnt that the Jantung people did in fact speak English along with a series of other languages. It was settled that they would “visit for a short time and then leave.”


 All sat at a clear glass rock made with a peculiar time of marble. Aligning on the stumps of glass were bricks of soft concrete, creating an illusion that it held the planet. The scent smelled...gaseous.

  The woman with a dark shade of green hair made his appearance, as the rest of the tribe seemed to vanish within the heavy atmosphere. “I’d like to introduce myself. I am the ruler here. One thing is for sure; that most certainly was not pleasant. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. As for punishment, you are not to leave. You will be guarded and instructed of what you can and cannot do.”

  Each of Mozek shared silent and intense glances with one another. Trevor could feel that he initiated blood to drip from his lip from biting in disbelief. As Sarah rubbed her temples with an incredible amount of irritation, Daren let his anger grow larger.


Kanoa gripped onto her chest in order to prevent such things from entering her heart. Kalani’s eyes rolled in an attempt to pursue the ruler that she in fact didn’t care. Nothing could keep her locked up here. She believed she was a human rocket and could go anywhere, anytime.

   “Why!? We didn’t mean to. We came here to understand better. To know if other’s were living like we do. We had no intention to hurt you. We’re really sorry and I know it will take a lot to recover from, but we cannot stay here. We simply collide with this type of climate.”

  The penguasa (ruler) ignored all that was said as she drummed her slender fingers lightly on the glass rock. It was deafening to hear no sound at all. A alarm went through Mozek’s body. “Then, this will be a fitting punishment. This nice woman here, however will be my queen. I will marry her and  we will stand by one another, ruling all universes until they are combined. These are my orders.”

  
 Distant Disturbance

  Sarah was forced into a divorce with her husband and into a marriage of a female named “Agnes”. Daren was held in captivity within burning sage. This 32 year-old had to endure the most out of all due to his link of the incident. 

   
With no other residents to be seen for miles upon the scarce, burnt desert, Carver and Trevor had lain clipped to one another. The two men were engulfed in a hurricane. Soon they were to be severely drowned in a lake made of sharp glass. It was planned to have them molded into glass and forever be held with no ability of mobility. 

  Kanoa and Kalani were being submerged deep under the clear ground. They were soon to be released into a deadly planet unknown to them. The chemicals would drain their auras, so much so as to end their existence in the afterlife. Never would they be heard from again.


 Penguasa snorted inwardly as she rested her palm under Sarah’s jawline. Both in a dim-lit mansion of an abundant amount of soft, violet fabric. Feathers whistled through the wind as hallucinations began to swirl in on the 27 year-old. 
 
  This female was very soft-spoken, yet intimidating at the same time. Her gentle light blue irises simplified such a complex matter. It was appealing and comforting. The ginger would do anything other than admit such feelings she had. Anxiousness tripped the girl’s power to see in true light. 

  Sarah slowly became intoxicated by the woman’s pacifying voice. Though deep within her heart and brain, she knew that this was all wrong. These words were laced with something rather appealing.


  Intuitively the 24 year-old slowly slid her tongue, tasting her own cherry lip gloss. Her body was tinged with a very intense numb sensation. Goosebumps tickled her skin. It soon became apparent that the innocent girl was hypnotized. 


 Fire and Ice

  Within shards of glass were two men, shivering to the bone. It would take some time until they froze to death, but at least they would freeze with each other. The older man’s shaky hands shook with an abundant amount of speed as he gently caressed his companion. 

  In reaction to Carver’s attempt of brushing the younger ones bangs out of the way, Trevor sniffled. Both of the male’s eyes began to drip with an orange hot liquid. This liquid (known on Jantung as “api”) began to crystallize into translucent teal glass over one another’s eyes.

  As their body began to exhaust such a substantial amount of body temperature, their muscles tensed in everlasting pause. The two men latched onto each other in order to not be separated. The bodies of these two lovers crystallized in teal glass, the shards breaking such unique auras. 

  Carver and Trevor’s existence dissipated into nothingness whilst gazing sincerely upon another. Afterlife death was not a myth, for it has been done. Jantung had killed such history of these two as if they never existed in the first place.

  Kanoa and Kalani were vastly separated in complete darkness. Under the clear ground, they could not see or understand anything. It was as if they were merely existing, yet not comprehending the small stimulation they were given. It was enervating to have no thoughts, no feelings, no knowledge, and no apprehension. 

  This is was deadly, but not deadly enough to end such royalty’s life. For this, was the ultimate punishment for the people who most crave knowledge of the unknown. They did not deserve such knowledge, due to the fact that they were attracted to this in the beginning of time.
 

 Forsaken Alliance 

  Daren was not expecting to tolerate such scorching pain from a planet with a frostbitten atmosphere. It felt as if his skin became more elastic whilst it melted into hot wax. His lungs were filled with a dry and sandy smoke. It became relatively complicated for him to breathe.

  This man was dead set on the belief that people in afterlife cannot die. That would be impossible! Though, he feels he just may prove himself wrong. Ashes of his red aura lit in gushing streams of wet fire. It exhilarated those that had lit it.

  
  The 32 year-old’s tears refused to flow from the dry steam emitting the area. What kept him company was the light. The light of the fire seemed to promise that it wasn’t the end, because once the end starts the end can never began again. The light united with the crazed man and began to sing for him.

  He was the only one that could hear the light pitter-patter of the voice, yet he knew that it belonged. The truth seeped out of the window and into his soul. His aura began to burn with the same texture and colour of the strong fire. The riddles it sang were enticing.

  The fire told him that he could escape as long as he had the confidence to do so. Boy, did that man have confidence. He was an arrogant egoist! Though, he did not feel as such today. Daren had confidence that he was going to die...in the afterlife.

  As the fire pleaded with him, confidence tardily grew within his heart. His heart had beat along side the rhythm of his own flickering aura. It was much more brighter than it’s ever been! 

  His patience lasted a short while until he had followed the fire’s precise instructions. The male focused in closely to the color of his aura as he counted each time it flashed. 1...2...3...4...5...6...7... The man counted until he reached seventy-two. It was now or never. 


 The 32 year old blasted the fire with dramatic force until it burnt no more. His aura shined the same colour and texture that the fire once did. This man was proud of what he accomplished. He overseen his pain and lucidly threw his powers into the air.

 Blooming Radiation 

  Earthquakes ruptured. Volcanoes erupted. The skies glowed pitch black. Lightning cracked the sky. Tornadoes swarm into the wooden fields. 

  As the ground rumbled with disgust, Daren danced in glee for what he had just done. He had used all the strength in his ability to escape and he had succeeded. It felt as if the fire had swaddled around his heart. This had in turn gave the man drive of what had to be done.

  All of Jantung became clouded with ammonia and plutonium. The walls of the planet began to shrink. As each person of the Jantung tribe freed into outer space, Daren knew he had to save the others fast. 

  A eerily distant call did not phase the others, for they cannot hear. With an substantial amount of confidence, it was no luck. If only he had Kalani’s ability right now. He would be able to see where his friends were located.

  Daren’s blunt confidence slowly dripped outward. At lost for guidance, he pleaded with the fire within him. “Please, I must save them! I could never live without them...I don’t know where-” 

  The man’s chest began to burn as his adrenalin began to quake with overwhelming knowledge. This knowledge was infused within his brain by the magic fire. He would thank such a spirit, later. 

  He was told exactly where each person was and how to get there. When the 32 year-old dove into the ground, he soon found Kalani and Kanoa staring blankly at him. The forces of another earthquake rupture the two free from the translucent ground.


Crazed Lunatic

 All had began to recover rather quickly from such trauma. Trevor and Carver’s souls were dramatically in-bedded in their clear bodies. Kanoa and Kalani were raged with obscene anger at what had just happened. Though, Sarah is still stuck with The Penguasa.

  The group made their way to The Penguasa’s temple. It was large and had seemed to infinitely pierce the blood-orange sky. The texture of such a prominent building was laced with a delicate form of rainbow crystals.

 Mozek had tread within the arched doors. What was awaiting for them on the other side was dementedly unbelievable. Daren’s once proud heart debauched, nowhere to be seen again. As his skin crawled with absolute disgust, he charged to the two. 

   Carver, Trevor, Kanoa, and Kalani watched intently with distant incertitude. The two females were kissing quite contently. It was as if Sarah or Penguasa did not notice them barge in. 

  “What the fuck do you think you’re doing with my wife?” The aggravated male securely grasped Sarah’s shoulders unlatching her connection with the other. His eyes glazed over with discernible betrayal. 

  His wife locked her dazed eyes with the other. As Daren teared up, he realized that he had lost his one true love to the hands of insanity. Oddly, Penguasa grinned with praise for the other. “ You do love her. I know that she does not love you. At least, not in the sense of romance.” 

  Daren gritted his broken teeth, earning himself a subtle snicker from the female with green hair. “That’s not true! You had no right to force such things on this innocent girl. You...you should be ashamed of yourself for what you have done!”

  Penguasa sniffled sincerely. “No, I have known her far longer than you have. We use to be friends on Earth, until you came along and took her from me. This is why I despise you so!” 


 Betrayal 

”What do you mean!? Who are you?” When Daren began to question such things to the woman, she became increasingly disturbed. Her anger corroding her true temptations.“You never met me; however I had a romantic relationship with my love, Sarah. It was only rational to take the advantage of you intruding my home. I want to make you suffer from what you had done!”

 Her eyes began to radiate with tinged guilt as Daren smelled of confusion. “I think you have the wrong person. Sarah would never date a girl. She’s completely straight. “ 

  The man soon felt more calm as his bewilderment of the situation overwritten his insecurities. Kanoa froze up, but proceeded with caution. “Listen, it’s not Daren’s fault. If you two were intimate before, what happened?”

  The Penguasa mumbled incoherently. “My dad made me move when I was 18 due to this relationship. Though, we still kept it strong. It was a secret. Our parents wouldn’t accept such a thing. Years had passed by until I found out that she had gotten married. It was devastating to feel such betrayal and guilt. You don’t even understand the half of it...”

  Agnes poured her heart out, letting all riddles bleed out. She became progressively thirsty, her tongue dry with loss of words. Silence drained the feeling of all those that suffered in the palace.

  “If you love her, wouldn’t you let her be happy?” Trevor was the first to break the silence with such a urgent question. “Listen, all I know is she’s mine and you cannot have her back. That is final.”



 Arrival of a Queen

 It was set in stone that the woman would not hand over the innocent girl. As Sarah came to, she rose her voice, expelling aggressiveness. “Aggy! Why would you do this? You know good and well happened. You know I felt guilt for what a horrible thing I did to you. I’m sorry, but you can’t hurt these people. They have done nothing to you! I have.”

  “No! Sarah, don’t!” It was true that she heard the others pleas on attempting to make her stop with such a compromising decision. “I would love to be your queen; however you must let them go back to Mozek. I will stay here with you, so long as you do so.” 

 Daren felt his head ache with tremendous convulsions. His wife is gone. He’ll never find her again. He knew that it was her only sacrifice to safe her friends, but it was just too risky for her.

  Sarah Reed had always put herself in someone else’s shoes. This girl was always ready to put other’s comfort in front of hers. This lady was a true angel.

 The Penguasa kneeled down, as she held the other’s soft hand in her own. It felt right. It felt wrong. It was a mutual love. She had two loves and she was forced to pick between.

  It was brutal and tortuous, but if this is what she had to do to save the sanity of Mozek, she would do so. Daren had left in swarming tears, while the rest followed awkwardly behind. 


  Sarah watched intently as her former husband vanished in red smoke. It was saddening to see, but perhaps he’ll be happier without her causing him trouble. With only Sarah and Agnes occupying the whole planet, it would be anything but lonely.

 
 Her long lost friend was her first lover. She loved Daren, but not in the way he thought. Daren was her best friend that she only agreed to marry, so her parents would not accept something else. This would either be the beginning of a nightmare or the beginning of a blissful daydream.

 


 Lost Love

A lonely man stands on a fiery cloud, awaiting his lost happiness. He had just lost his best friend whom he had loved dearly. It was his final and most prominent wish that he would bring her back.

  Daren refused to see Agnes as a decent human being. It was only natural to feel impulsive hatred toward someone whom had known what a lost love would feel like. What selfishness she displayed! 

  The 32 year-old kicked, igniting persuasive flames. Fire was his only friend at the moment. This may be so, for quite a while. 

  Maybe he could confide in his brother? Wow, what a sheepish thought that is! He doesn’t know why, but his brother always despised him.

 
 Ever since Daren had accidentally killed the two of them, his brother would barely talk to him. What made him so angry? It was because of the fact that Carver had lost his love.

  The realization was completely dreadful. This must have been karma for what a hideous thing he did to his brother. Though it was not on purpose, it still had dawn an aggressively remorseful feeling upon himself.


It was known that Daren had met Sarah in the afterlife. It hasn’t been so long that he had been engaged with her. The traditions were rushed in order for everyone to feel a sense of completion.

  There was still a lot he hadn’t known about the gorgeous ginger. That is; what she fears most, events she favors, and even her favorite animal. All this time, he had been so selfish.

  The personality traits of the 32 year old consisted of the man being arrogant and snobbish. Though deep within his soul, this just wasn’t so. This was a defensive instinct from the brutal harassment in grade school.

  A trail of fire lit the path as Daren made his way to his brother’s Zalee. This was the only thing he knew to cope. The man with pitch-black hair needed someone or something. It was always so hard to achieve his goals and arrive at his destinations.

Technical Difficulties

 “I’m sorry that this has happened. I’m just not the right person to talk to about this.” Carver’s hand fumbled with a Styrofoam magazine. Both brothers sat awkwardly beside one another in the confined Zalee. 

  Daren pleaded with a shaky and desperate tone. “Please broyo. I don’t know who else to go to. I don’t do good at coping as easily as you did with Tyrone.” 

  The 21 year-old with blue irises was clearly aggravated as he began to sweat profusely on his forehead. “For the last time, Daren. His name is Trevor. Why can’t you get that through your thick ass skull!?” 



  Daren was emotionally struck from hearing such a assertive yell from the other. Tears dared to escape his withered eyelids. “Why...Why are you so mad at me anymore! You know I felt guilt for what I’ve done to you, but that is no reas-”

  
“Go! Just leave. You wouldn’t even listen to my advice anyway. You’re such a stuck up-augh!”

 The younger of two was unmistakably interrupted with an obnoxious hug from his brother. “I said; I’m sorry. Please just forgive me. I can’t go back and change it. If I could, I would.”


 Carver’s eyes began to drain of a hot and unfamiliar liquid. He knew it was tears, though he hadn’t felt them in so long. He was known to control his sadness by transitioning it into anger.

  As the 21 year-old’s hands shook into a mold of the hug, he began to stutter inconsistently. “I-It’s...okay. I’m sorry too. I acted like a fool. I just can’t stop thinking about what could have been. Trevor would still be alive if I would have been there to protect him.”

  It was silent as both brother’s smiled warmly upon one another. Their faces were severely redden with sour tears. “So, you forgive me?” 

  It was quite an obvious answer to the question, though Carver answered anyway. “Yes. I can assure you that you’ll get Sarah back eventually. She stayed in order for us to be freed.” 

 ”She’ll never come back. She is in love with that girl and I can’t compete with that. She was never in love with me. She felt bad, so she became mine. Though, she isn’t mine anymore.”


 Abstract Distractions

 ”Maybe...Uh, I don’t know. I told you that I’m not really good at advice.” The 21 year old bit his lip harshly. This was such a delicate subject to talk about to his older brother.
  
  “Nonsense, broyo! You’re boy talks a lot about you. He’s told me-” Carver’s face grew red with intense exasperation. “What do you mean he talks a lot about me? When are you two ever together?” 

  

Daren was slightly taken aback by such random behaviour coming from the other. “We’re friends. I call him by the wrong name just to make you irritated. It’s hilarious to see! Why are you so angry about that?”

  The younger of two scoffed as he crossed his arms in wrath. “I just don’t want you two together... You’re a bad influence on him.” 

 The other man dramatically rolled his caramel- colored eyes and mirrored his brother. “Hey now, let’s not get like this. He likes to talk to me about things he’d rather not talk to you about. I came here to talk about my problems, so lets do this, hm?” 



 Carver was not having any of this rude and immature behavior he always expects from the man. “Why don’t you just go talk with your new best friend then, hm?” The 21 year-old was evidently offended by this and Daren had no clue as to why.

   “Wow, Carly. You’re such an obsessive creep. You must be in some deep lust with him. Like dude, what the fuck? He can’t have his own friends? Don’t you think you’re being an a little too obsessive?” 


  

 Daren would call him by the name of Carly just to be a smart ass. The younger man lost it as he swiftly pushed his brother out of his Zalee. His hostility spoke for him. 


  Carver’s sibling had lost his chances. He was done speaking to the dark-humorous man. The man with jet black hair was constantly reminded just why he had labeled the other as an enemy. 


  It was now believed that the 32 year-old got what he deserved. It only made sense to let the man burn in his own personal hell. Daren Hadi was the only reason that Carver Hadi’s life was legitimately ruined.


 

 If it wasn’t for him, Trevor would have never have to go through this. The young man would still be happy and would have a bright future ahead of him. Now, nothing has been the same since.


 Nonsensical Emergencies 

  Trevor gasped with elation of the situation. Daren had came to him for advice. This guy never asked for anyone else’s opinions, especially advice.

  “If she really does love you, she’ll come around. I hate to say this, but maybe she just likes you as a friend. I mean- y-you only knew each other for less then year...it’s possible-”


 The older man was severely offended. No one seemed to take his problem seriously! “Wow! You’re just like Carver. I should of known you know nothing of love...”


   It was the 32 year-old’s way of tricking the other to be on his side. He surely knew the young man would be debilitated by such a obscene statement. As Trevor prominently became angrily flustered, Daren snickered with cruel joy.


 “Of course I do! Why would you say something like that?” This conversation soon became an argumentative competition. 

 “Why so defensive? It must be true...” The sing-song voice of the other male made Trevor leap onto the other as goosebumps filled with wrath. 


  The brunette’s hand’s shook as he gripped tightly onto the other’s collar. “I know plenty! I’m just saying that things happen for a reason. God, you can be so annoying!”


 


 Daren grinned widely down upon the other and scuffled Trevor’s thick hair. “You’re so cute when you’re angry. I can see why my broyo is in lust with you!”

 The younger man abruptly became physically nauseous from such a disgusting message. The 19 year-old huffed in silence as he deliberately crossed his arm in annoyance. “So, are you going to accept my advice? I think you just need to go with the flow and everything will work out soon. Besides, if it’s not true love, then it will never happen. You just have to accept that and move on.” The older male nodded and proceeded to give his friend a fist-bump. “Thanks, Trev. I know I can count on you.”


  Clumsy Lavender 


   Back on Jantung, Agnes and Sarah lain in silence. It was not a ungainly occurrence, for it felt so correct. The scent of Lavender drifted slowly as it tickled. the ginger’s nose.

  The walls of the palace were painted with a dark shade of emerald whilst the floor wore a delicate maroon. These two colors seemed to fit perfectly in synchronization together. 


  Where did the dark go? It felt so light here. The feelings of the serene atmosphere shook the 27 year-old’s heart. Realization dawned on her that she had broken one of the most important vows with Daren. 

  “In the name of The Holy Spirit, I Sarah Reed, take you, Daren Hadi, to be my husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, until we are parted by death. This is my Solemn Vow.”



 Her eyes glazed over with silky tears. She missed him deeply and truly. Though, in the back of her mind, she lied in such a vow. Sarah made her self believe that she was being honest, bu it couldn’t be further from the truth.

  
 The older female with emerald hair and irises to match noticed her lovers sudden depression at that moment. Her thin and lanky fingers were ice cold upon the other as she petted red hair. “Honey, what is the matter?”


  The question seemed innocent enough. Agnes pretty much took her away from her formal life, well...afterlife. It was brutal and she knew deep within her brain that the girl didn’t mean to act so violent. It was all done in the name of love. Jealousy just didn’t seem to fit her sweet and kind best friend.


  As Sarah’s eyes overflowed with anchored tears, she began to confide in her past lover. “I know you meant well, but it was not right to treat Daren that way. A-And...I...I...know what I did to you. I didn’t mean to do such an awful thing. I beg for your forgiveness. I wish that-”

  The 27 year-old gave a slight smile as she continued to pet the soft hair of her companion. “Sweetheart. I promise you that he’ll be okay. Trust me. We don’t have to worry about what other people think of us now, because we’re dead. It just doesn’t matter anymore.”


  Everything that came out of Agnes’ mouth rose a spark of calmness within Sarah. A serenity that was uniquely tied down to the two of them. It was known in the back of her mind, that Daren was not handling this well, but all that seemed to matter right now was Aggy.

 Seventy-Two Square M.

 72 Years passed with Daren still at a very low point in his life. People whom had tried to help him regain his pride were unwelcome by a sorceress of depression. It soon became too much to conceal.

  A definite answer of, “No, It could have been...” arose on his mind daily by the minute. A horrifying glimpse into what hell is on heaven poked a knife into his back. 


  Every 72 years was a mark of something great to be done. Though for Daren, it was the exact opposite. The birthday celebration of Mozek would not be the same with the only person that lingered emotions of an undo-able kind. Today would not be like any other day.

  The date of 72M would mark the brilliant achievement that Kanoa placed on a forbidden topic. Mozek held anonymous opinions of the graceful dedication of the afterlife. This date symbolizes extraordinarily arrangements of happiness.

  This is why this holiday must be celebrated in an Earth simulation in order to bring about good memories from past lives. Oh, what a joy that is! If only Daren could celebrate the first holiday with contentment. 


  Every inhabitant on Mozek had the right to choose where they would like to go within the Earth simulation. Trevor chose the most favorable thing he has always wanted to do; go to an arcade! Carver had followed along his friend’s choice.


  Kalani sincerely wanted to be around her new friends, so she also went to the arcade. Trevor made sure he would pull a grumpy man in on the fun. Even though the 32 year-old was obnoxiously repelled of the thought of not being around his best friend, he sucked it up and went along.

  


 Motivated Astronomy

 Many people played individual games at the mimic of an Earth’s arcade. Trevor grunted as he rammed the joystick of the game, knocking down his virtual opponent. It was all very comical to the 21 year-old. 


  The male relaxed his palms into his black jean pockets. It was an amazing feeling to see his love sincerely happy. He really didn’t care about his brother right now. Why would he? Daren never cared about him.

  “Wow! Did you see that? Did you see that?” The brunette male exclaimed, initiating a fit of elastic giggles from his close friend. This must be what an utopia is. 

 Daren hovered over the angry Kalani. He stared intensely as she yelled such foul obscurities at the machine. It was surprising just how feisty a little girl could be.

 The 32 year-old huffed in silence. He thought he had friends, back up to make him feel better. The truth is, he doesn’t. “Hey, Ka..lan...i...?”

 The girl with brunette pigtails jumped up and down as she defeated the game. “What do you want?” Daren rolled his eyes at such devious attitude. 

 “Simmer down, girly. Just was going to ask you what brought you here. I mean, why are you dead?” It was a rather forward question, but he had to take his mind off of his problems somehow.

  “None of your fucking beeswax, you dicko!” The female’s behavior rang the most annoying tune in the adult’s eardrums. “You’re pointless.” 

  
As the man began to walk away, he was abruptly pulled off to a scarce and dark side of the arcade by no other than Kalani, herself. “Listen. Dude. I got some secrets. You want to know them or are you too big of a pussy?”

  
 This was absolutely shocking to hear such words come from the child. What did she mean, “secrets”? What would that have to do with him?

“I..I want to know them.” This was all that could be uttered by the male. Lately, he hadn’t felt like his self. This just about proves his odd mood.

 “I have the secrets of the unknown. When I get reincarnated, I’ll tell the world about them. But, for now, I will tell you.”

  Secrets of the unknown. Why would this trigger such explicit curiosity in the grown man? Obviously, he knew much more of the unknown than her. She’s merely a child.

 Detrimental Cycle

 Kalani O’kusky sees the world in a different view than anybody else sees it. Why stop at learning about the world when you can learn even more about the multiverse? It was sure that her God mother knew these things, but she dared to never speak of them.

 This 13 year-old is different, for it is her goal to teach everyone the dark truth. That is, death is only rebirth. It’s a cycle that spins on and on. A cycle that no one can escape from.

 What if one was to break the gnawing chains of this cycle? What would happen if all was nothing and nothing was all? These human emotions won’t matter once you die.

  Emotions are just that, nothing that will accomplish anything. These are parasites that hold you down. Is there actual life out of such agonizing emotions? If so, how can we get rid of this?

  The truth is, this universe or any other universe does not exist. We don’t exist. Yet we are here. Yet we are not here. Sure, it is confusing and that’s a perfect example of an emotion tying you down to not knowing the unknown.


  We will never know what we want to know if we let our emotions control everything we think and do. It is correct that death answers absolutely nothing. You will not know any information of the unknown if you still let your emotions attach onto you.


  It is what makes us humans. Though, we are not real. Humans is merely a false title we put to ourselves in our false existence that we pretend is the definite reality. There shall come a day or a plane of acknowledgment that we realize that our tragedies in life will not come to haunt us if we don’t want it to.


 The truth is in someone’s mind. The truth of the unknown is now revealed. The truth is that our existence is mere residue of brain tissues and receptors within a mind of another “human”. This “human” wants to know of the unknown. If only he knew, he is the unknown.


 Forbidden Knowledge

 It was a lot to take in. It was a lot to breathe out. All of this information shook his head into an everlasting whirlpool of desire. 

 Daren knew much more than he was born to know. He knows the unknown. How valuable and precious it is to know such knowledge. 


  It is excessively horrifying to understand that he is in someone’s brain. All of Mozek, Earth, Jantung, and any other planet or universe resides within another human’s brain or heart.


 “You...can’t be serious, right?” The brunette girl grinned widely and nodded with intense enthusiasm. “Oh, but I am! I know much more than this. Consider the fact, I was in that foreign world in my first life.”

  This had to be a lie. It had to be made up. Could he believe such a child? He didn’t even know her well, though it seemed as if he had connected to her right then and there. 

  “What...What do we do with this? Does Carver, Kanoa, and Trevor know?” A blatant stare was received by the other. “Of course not! They’re to dumb to accept such facts! Kanoa does know. I thought you were ready, so I told you. Don’t even dare take this as a compliment.”


 Kalani gave Daren a intimidating glare with a hint of demand. The 32 year-old was in complete and utter disbelief. The man was pounded down everyday by his brother telling him how immature he is. 

  Wouldn’t you know it? Karma does come and it comes with a sensitive satisfaction. He wanted to know more. What was this “human” like? Are we merely thoughts or characters in some kid’s brain?

 

  
All of the man’s anxiety about losing his love soon drifted into a locked abyss, never to be thought about again. Perhaps the master of all their existence’s would take matters into his own hands. Maybe the saying is true. Everything happens for a reason.


 
 If Only

  A male with brunette hair is feeling rather impulsive today. This boy is 19 years-old with a a tendency to be deathly quiet. Even though, he prefers to use his small voice for important things it is still known that he physically acts out of this portion.

  Any day like this wouldn’t be well understood to an untrained eye, however, a skilled professional could tell you what exactly is this person’s intentions. The young man has such a large quantity of thoughts in his head. So much so, that it may collapse his brain one day.

  The brunette sits on a wooden chair, barely stable. While doing algebra on a scuffed paper, he holds his breath as someone slides by. Another man with the most appealing shade of black hair and blue eyes is oblivious to his surroundings.


  Nothing in his life has made him feel in such a foreign way. The 19 year-old feels insanely guilty for these intense emotions that he holds for a stranger. It is only necessary to ignore such thoughts and feelings. 

 

 There are so many possibilities as to what can happen in his brain. The young man can almost fulfill all of his staggering emotions, though, they could never possibly happen in real life. This is why he must use such an impressive power!


  All that he has ever wanted to do, was experience something friendly. Someone whom is kind, to tell him he is wanted. Perhaps that person is exactly in his presence. 


 The kid knows all too well that he was cursed with bad luck at a young age. No one would be willing to care about him. If only, he could be in control of how things go in life. If only. 

Starry Night

 He always goes unnoticed, though somehow, today is different. What has changed such misfortune so quickly? Did he even deserve it? Perhaps, it is due to the stars. 

  The 19 year-old watches the older male’s clothes wrinkle as he sits beside him. The twinkle in his eye warns him that he should make no moves until it’s time. The man with charcoal-coloured hair parts his plump lips to speak.

  The brunette’s spine impulsively tingles accordingly to the deep pitch of the other man’s echoing voice. “Hey, I’ve seen you in here quite a bit and realized we haven’t formerly met. My name’s Carver.” 








 The younger boy bends his brows as he swiftly shakes the outgoing hands of his peer. His heart patters lightly with a twitch in his tongue. It was difficult to speak, yet it was well worth it, because this moment is precious.

  “H-Hey, Car...ver? I’m T-Trevor. N-Nice...to m-meet...you.”

  Carver snickers softly at the small and shy tone of the other. He calmly pats on the teen’s right shoulder. “So, did you drop out, Trevor?” The brunette forcefully bit his lip as he shriveled up words to say.

  “U-Uh...m  Yeah, I-I...Yes. Did you?” The 21-year old quickly shook his head to respond. “No, I’m actually a tutor here.” 

 It was true that Trevor was desperately searching for phrases to say. Even though he has made up a million scenarios in his head of what could happen and what should be said over the years, he had forgotten at the most prominent time of his life. “Oh.”

  The 19 year-old had grind his teeth together for saying only one meaningless word. It was soon accepted that the bad luck curse had caught it’s prey. “Well, you seem cool. Do you like pizza?”

  What an odd thing to ask. “No. I mean- I never ...I n-never had it. W-Why?” Trevor anxiously cursed his annoying fluency disorder. It made him out to look like a pure idiot.

  “Oh man, that’s unheard of! You’d probably like it. Would you want to come with me on Friday to that pizza place on Main St.? We can get to know each other.”

  How did that happen so easily? There is a god out there that is helping him out. Why would anybody want to spend time with him? 

  Trevor had to constantly remind himself that it would not be a date. That is completely absurd. That fantasy would only apply to the world he has created in his head over the years called Mozek. 
 

  

 Mozek Vs. Earth

  As Trevor lain in his tattered bed at the foster home, he stares off into space. Within space, anything could happen. If only it was like that on Earth. 

  He envies the people whom would never wish for a better life than this. The 19 year-old is sick of pretending. He wishes everyday that he soon can join Mozek. Though, it doesn’t even exist but in his head.

   The life he favors is torn in half by the angst of reality. All of his friends in Mozek would surely agree that he is welcomed there. Trevor is kept under surveillance due to 72 suicide attempts in the past. 

  To be unchained from the laws of gravity is all he ever wanted. To not feel such immense pain, to feel wanted, to be cared about is such a far-fetched dream. Carver was just that, a dream. 

  An angel that he did not deserve would be here for him shortly. But for now, his deep sleep filled with short-lived dreams called him towards. He had no intention to sleep, but it came so easily right now.

  The time is 6:32 P.M. A knock on the teenager’s door alerted him out his dream cycle. His hair thrown upon his face soaked up his hot sweats. The brunette’s eyelids struggled to lift. 

 “Yes?” On the other side of the door stood Sarah, his caretaker. The girl had a surreal kindness that tickled the male’s cheeks. “Someone is here for you. Were you expecting-”

  Trevor’s eyelids jumped open. How could he forget his date! No, it’s not a date! “Yes! U-Uh...Sorry! I-I-’m going to...T-Thanks.” 

  The 19 year-old leaped into the driveway to find a 5’7’’ man. His hair was heavily groomed and his skin bronze. Carver smiled warmly upon the disheveled man.

 “Did you forget, Trevor?” The sound of the younger male’s name sent chills up the brunette’s spine. His face was painted with a crystal clear shade of crimson. 

 


 “Y-Yes.. I..mean..I-I..mean..U-uh...” The height difference was soon noticed when the older male shuffled the greasy hair of the younger male. “It’s fine. You ready?” Trevor have never felt less ready in his life.


  When they arrived at the restaurant, it was abruptly recognized that Trevor had no money to pay. He had forgotten everything recently! His face grew hot with extreme embarrassment. How would he tell him?

  Both stayed seated at the table. Across from one another, Carver was the first to speak. “So, you never ate pizza, huh?” The younger one violently shook his head. 

  “Well, let’s change that. Are you vegan or vegetarian?” Trevor was panicking at this moment. Everything was just so dreamlike and blatantly intense. Could he be dreaming?”

 “I...uh...N-No. I don’t...I d-don’t eat...that. Sorry.” The brunette wished he could automatically stop stuttering, though it seems to get worse when he’s scared or nervous. That time would be now. 

  “Oh, no worries. What about cheese? You like that?” The 19 year-old nodded with blushed cheeks. 

  Once, they did obtain some pizza from the restaurant, the younger of two started to search for absent utensils. Carver chuckled abundantly. “No, no, no. You pick it up and eat it. You’re so funny.” 

  The brunette’s heart dropped, because he had already made a mistake. “O-Oh...” The younger male did as so, then paused before he took a bite and looked up to the other for approval. The taller of two grinned as he nodded before taking a bite of his own slice of pizza. “So, are you from here?




 Unsolved Fiction

 This is Trevor Dane Fredrick’s actual life. In his mind, things are different, they are just the way he wants them to be. Sure, it’s like a story. When things go wrong in his life, he’ll use his mind to comfort. If he is angry, he’ll take it out on a character in his head.

  There is no harm in this habit, right? It’s not like he is actually hurting people. They are all fake. These people are all made up. 

  If only it was true, if only Carver was his to keep. He does know, that all good will come to an end. This will happen a lot faster than one might think. 

  His head spins with memories of his former abuse before he was put in a foster home. The anxiety trickles down his skulls and pulsates through his limbs. He wishes he could forget, but he remembers so vividly of what happened. 

  Why does life have to be such a way? What is the point of life if there is only nonexistent happiness? What would it be like to feel such a thing?

 Trevor’s only hope relies within his new friend, Carver. Everything about him makes the brunette’s heart race. Why did he feel such an inappropriate feelings towards a man?

  Why couldn’t he fall for a girl? It’d be much easier than this. Though he knows it is profane, he cannot halt the strong feelings that come with this.

   On any day like this, he’d go out for a walk. Something pulls him down. A large weight of grimy and irritating darkness latches on to him. He knows this feeling all too well. Depression. 


 
 In Trevor’s world called Mozek, he names this obtrusive disease “The Deast”, because the presence is like a devil and a beast. It holds onto you for all eternity, quickly sucking your identity out of you. Deast is the worst to be around.

 

 The brunette wants to know what it feels like for it to not follow him, though he probably will never know. It is unknown. In times like this, the boy will drift in outer space. The place within his mind will put an end to the violent tendencies that The Deast would soon provoke him to do.


  Mozek is a place of true nirvana. The happiness that surrounds this planet is infinite. Many of his friends there understand him. They surely love him.

  Sarah, Daren, Kanoa, Kalani, and his favorite person of them all...Carver. Trevor’s face heats up as he remembers the things he had done with the man. This makes him truly guilty and ashamed to envision, but it is very exhilarating to imagine such complex events.


 
 The 19 year-old’s head rests on his white pillow as he gently closes his swollen eyelids. Soon, he will be visiting Mozek and all the wonders that come with it. Soon he will be able to touch and feel his friend, his companion, his lover.

  Secrets Exposed

  “So, the day is free. What would you like to do?” This will be the time that Trevor does the unthinkable. 

  The younger male’s face lit up as he grinned loudly up at the other. “I want to ask you something, but you have to promise not to get weird-ed out. Alright? “

  
The two both lain in a zalee embracing one another. The male with charcoal-coloured hair brought out a confounded expression. “What is it, dear?”

  The 19-year old tried his best not to melt from the husky voice emitted from his friend. “Uhm..I don’t really know how to go about this. Well, I’ll just say it right out; you’re not real.”

 Carver’s smile dropped completely as he sat up abruptly. “What do you mean? I’m right here. This is the afterlife. Are...you feeling okay, dear?”

 Trevor grunted as he laced his arms together. “You said you wouldn't get weird-ed out! I want to tell you the truth, but I want you to be open to it.” 


  The 21 year-old gave a slow and unsure nod as he patted the his companion on the right shoulder. “I’m not making fun of you. I just want to know where this is suddenly coming from.”

 The younger of the two huffed, his face still fiery hot with dreaded embarrassment. “It’s coming from my head. I’m not dead, not yet, anyway. I wanted you to know I made this all up. I’m still alive on Earth. I was going through some troubles and...I...well...this is what made me feel-”

 “Trevor! What are you talking about? I thought you came out of this...psychosis. I love you, dear and I just want you to feel better. Because, all I ever see is your sickness and I just want to see you.”

   The brunette’s eyes teared up obnoxiously. Anger ran through his veins. He knew he could control Carver. This was all in his thoughts. But, why does it seem like this man always has a voice of his own. It was as if this is in Carver’s head too. 


 “ What the actual fuck? I’m not sick! I’m perfectly fine. Why...how come...you...don’t believe me?’



Unexpectedly, Carver dove in for a delicate kiss before being aggressively shoved back. Trevor would of never thought he’d say these next words. “Don’t kiss me! Answer. “

 “I-I-I- don’t know what to say. We need to stop lying to each other. The truth is, I do believe you. I already...knew. Because, well, I do the same thing too.”

   Trevor’s eyelids widened with pure electric shock. “Wait, what do you mean you know and do the same thing!? What are you trying to tell me?” 

  The younger of the two never seen his friend look so shy at this moment in time. It was as if he was...scared. “I mean...I know this is your world and I’m sorry that I violated it. I just wanted to know what you thought about.…”





  His heart jumped to the bottom of his body as he gasped for air. The boy’s lungs began to fail him by hyperventilating. “You mean...Y-You don’t mean...that...this is...in your head too, do you? Am I really talking to...”

  An echoing gulp was lifted out of 19 year-old. Carver nodded with unknown tendencies. The broken light began to piece and soon came a large amount of gratitude. 

  All of his questions has been answered. All that he ever wanted to know was right there in front of him. Magic is real. Dreams do come true. There is a reason to be alive. 
 

Awakened Symmetry


 Trevor awoke quickly due to his alarming dream. There was no possible way that it was true! Nothing aligned up symmetrically. It has to be just a dream. 
 

The teenager looked down at his bed sheets to see a puddle of sweat. It was time he go take a shower and try to forget everything that had just happened. It seemed as if everything was too good to be true.

  The steaming water trickled down the male’s chin as he clenched his eyelids shut. How could Carver even attempt to explore his brain? That’s insane, it’s impossible! 


 It made sense, it didn’t make sense. This is the most confused he’s ever been. The brunette fiercely bit his bottom lip, breaking the skin. What has he become? Why does he feel such intense relief?


 Is Carver even real? Could he still be dreaming? There was so many questions and not enough had been answered. He desperately needed to find out more about this situation.


 But how? That’s it! Dreaming, that’s all he really could do anyway. There was no way he could talk to the guy in person anyway, he’d surely be locked up! 

 Later that day, Trevor arrived at his classes and was excited to be receiving a new tutor today. His last one moved away. 

 The 19 year-old was severely astonished to find out that Carver was indeed his tutor. How come after years of bad luck, he is now receiving the best of luck? The brunette was abruptly jolted away from his pondering questions swirling around his brain.


 “So, looks like I’m your new tutor, huh? It’s nice to see you again, Trevor.” The taller man’s insanely attractive smile punched the younger of the two right in the heart. 

 Every time his green-yellow eyes were met with cobalt blue, it ignited something in the pit of his stomach. It’s was painful, though addicting to feel such a thing. As he broke the long eye-contact, he whimpered.




 “Y-Yeah. You...t-too.” The older male opened up a language textbook and pointed to a set of sentences. “Can you read this out loud for me?”

  “T-The grey...s-sheep...r-r-ran...u-uhm...a-a-across t-t-the...m-meadow...a-and...d-d-dashed tow..a-ards...a..it’s.…u-uhm...parents...”


  Trevor really wanted to crawl under a hole at this point in time. It was so embarrassing to talk and he had no control over his wavering voice. His new friend must think he is complete idiot.

 Though what was unexpected from the older male was a pat on his back. “You did good. I want to help you find your voice. I think you have a potential to be a public speaker, even though you may not think so.”

  The brunette stared the other straight in the eye. “Y-You...c-can’t be...serious...” Carver grinned proudly. “You have a potential to do anything you want to do in your life. I have confidence in you, but the person missing the key of confidence is you, dear.”

  What the literal fuck did this guy just say? He called him, “dear”. He doesn’t even know him! Only Carver calls him....Oh my God.

 “W-W-Why.. did...y-you...you...just c-call me...” The man with charcoal hair had shot his eyes wide open at the realization of what he had just done.
 
  “No, no, no. I’m sorry...I didn’t mean to-” The taller of the two rested his vision toward the ground in utter humility. Trevor grew vicious by the moment. He needed answers now.

  “P-please...t-t-tell me...it’s n-n-not...t-t-t-true. G-Goddamit!!”

 The older of two became increasingly worried for his friend. “Don’t be mad. It’s okay. You don’t have to talk. I-I’m sorry that I’ve done this. I just wanted to know what you thought about m-”

 
Trevor was experiencing rapid deja vu all over again. “Y-Y...w-what...a-are y-you...t-telling.…m-me!?”
Carver crunched his face. “Don’t be mad at me, dea-. I’m sorry. I just wanted to help you out.”

  The brunette grunted, feeling unpleasantly ill. He felt violated, to say the least. He knows for a fact that he must be dreaming right now. “A-Answer...m-my q-question, Car...v-v-er!”

  The 21 year-old rubbed his temples as he let out a hitched sigh. “I did it. I know about your world of Mozek. I know everything there is to know about you. I...I am telepathic. I just want you to know, I meant no harm. I just wanted to understand you better, because I care about you. I’m telling you I’ve been with you through your adventures in you head. It’s not fake, it’s real. The people there have feelings and...I’m just so sorry. I messed up. I’m sorry.” 

 The 19 year-old could of sworn he saw a tear released from the other, but it must of been his imagination. This man isn’t known to cry too often. Everything was way too much to take in.. 


  As he felt an instant headache appear, he began to whisper in order to control his voice. “P-P-Please just t-tell me...y-you don’t r-r-remember t-t-t-that t-t-time w-we...” His question was soon answered with a hesitant nod from the other.

 “O-Oh m-m-my G-God!” Carver swiftly shook his head. “No, no, no! Don’t get upset, please! I wouldn’t have let you if I didn’t want to.”


 Everything is expensive. The time is expensive. Life is expensive. Love is expensive. When will anything be free to keep? 


 What more is there to know? Plenty questions will arise soon, but what’s the rush to know the answer to them? There is nothing impossible. This is a figment of human’s imagination. Everything is possible. 

 

 Negative Awareness

Look at your surroundings. You do realize that you don’t even understand the half of it. The lightning strikes you down, just to lift you up again. 
 

Rainbows and four leaf clovers disappear and reappear everyday. Have you noticed this? Maybe you should take your time to try to understand the world for what it is rather than for what it is not. Dream in colour, but don’t sleep all day. Daydream and awaken your senses to the world unknown. There will come a day when you understand everything, yet you won’t be satisfied because you do. 


  When there is nothing to learn, what would be the point? Discover a range of sensations, some you may never no existed. Walk the 4th dimension and don’t turn back. Go further into the future and the past. 


  No boundaries are sculpted here, only risks you can’t forget. It is the time and it will always be the right time to try something new. You can go backwards, forwards, or stay put. 

  It’s okay if you’re afraid, just know that each of us has a few angels, that only wish for you to conquer your problems. Dedicate yourself to the forbidden road. Walk it. Never look back. Because if you do, you won’t go forward and that’s all any of us really wanted to do.


  It’s up to you, it’s not up to me or anybody else. It’s all up to you. You can control everything from the stars in space to smallest insecurities within yourself. You’re brain is a world. You’re heart is a world. 


 Do with it what you will, but there will come a day when you’ll have to enter another world. One you have no clue about. Disguise yourself as a confident person. Don’t hold your true self in, be open.

  What surrounds us here, won’t surround us tomorrow. Know the truth and use it wisely. This will come in handy if you really crave the day to know the unknown. I begging you to let go of everything. Forget your fears, they never helped you. Forget all the bad memories, even though you’ve learnt from them. Whatever you do, don’t forget who you are. If you’re still lonely, there is plenty of people to communicate within your brain, you’re world. It’s all up to you.


  Forgetful dream

 What was he to do with this knowledge? He needed to know more. It was always more that he needed and never less. Daren noticed Kalani walking the false trail of the dimly-lit park.

 The male dashed up to her, earning him a punch in the rib cage. “What the hell do you think your doing, dummy? Are you trying to scare me? ‘Cause that’s a dead end road for you.” 


  Shit. This girl was a handful to deal with. “No, I just wanted to ask you some questions about, uhm...what you were talking about at the arcade.” The young female puffed her cheeks in a sarcastic grin. 

  “What makes you think you deserve to know more?” That phrase extremely agitated the man. It was time to stop playing foolish games. “Listen, if we exist only in a dude or dudette’s brain, what’s the point? Why are we even here?”

 The child grunted as she quickly crossed her arms. “You can’t just get information out of me, you have to earn it first!” Why is it so hard to get through any girl’s mind?

 “Hold the fucking phone. How come you seem to know everything?” He knew he really shouldn’t be cussing to a 13 year-old, but hell, she already does the same. 

  “I already told you, I know the guy. I use to live on Earth.” This child had to be a pathological liar! “If you supposedly do, what’s his name?” Kalani hesitated for a second before she gave an unsure sigh. 

  “His name is Trevor. We are in his mind. We exist on Earth still. It will start to make sense soon, but don’t wear yourself out. You look beat to me.”

  These words would forever rot in his mind. Against all of the forces of inactive nothingness, he shrieked up at the lying sky. “Are you telling me I don’t exist? It doesn’t even add up. I remember life on Earth. Let’s cut the shit, girl. You’re wrong.”

  Stupid people with their small little brains. No one seems to be open to new ideas. They barely even think. Humans are just zombies wasting away.

  Kalani wanted to break this guy’s teeth more than anytime before. He has no right to question her knowledge. The brunette with pigtails jammed her index finger to the man’s chest.

 “I told you, you weren’t ready to learn the unknown. Not until you’re mature enough to realize that the world doesn’t revolve around you!”

  Everything this girl said was shockingly true, but Daren would never admit this fact. She did know. It was time that maybe he should change for the better.

  This life, afterlife, or whatever it is gave him a lesson to transition into a personality that understood logic. All his narcissistic ways would be a thing of the past. Maybe it’s time he looked at the bigger picture.

 Telephone Dreams

 A universe was created by a lonely boy name Trevor at the age of 3. As he met many people, he transformed them into characters. The young boy’s depression and anxiety worsened each year due to his living conditions. 

  He was brought up by female whom was addicted to heroin. Trevor would hate to admit it, but he was glad that she went to jail for man slaughter. It was his chance of freedom.

 When he officially became a teenager, he was grown with PTSD from a nerve-wrecking event that happened. His step-dad had done the most dangerous thing to him. No matter how much he wishes he could forget, it will never matter.


 This was the year his stuttering progressed for the worst. He could barely talk. The boy was afraid, so he chose not to. The events of him and Carver never happened. It was nothing but a dream he had. Though, the memories of these dreams still reside withing his mind and heart. 

 All he ever did was think about the man. It became obsession, a hobby that calmed him to do. As you can imagine, it was the most astounding day when the male had finally communicated with him. On the downside, he had fallen in love with a telepathic person. 


  This realization was the most embarrassing thing he has ever experienced in his life. Carver knew everything there is to know about him. It was as if those dreams were real. The blue angel had ventured off to visit Trevor’s dreams.

  It was real. He had created life outside of life. Death is only an illusion, you never die. When your life does end, however, you will be brought into another dimension where time fails to exist. 

Perhaps the brain or the heart of someone you knew in your past life. Someone else will take your place. Sure, it’s an annoying thing to be leery about, but at least you have a soul mate. 


 Trevor Dane Fredrick was a Mozek enthusiast. His dreams are the only memories that are real to him. The dream world is the Mozek world. Jantung relies in another person.

 This world has a story of it’s own. A very interesting story at that. Though, before we go any further, we must clear some confusion up. Trevor, Carver, Kanoa, Kalani, and Deast did die.

  Life on Earth exists in a parallel universe. When humans die, their life will continue to jump from one universe to the next. Think of a game of Telephone. Things will slightly change as the words are misheard.

  Are these dreams? Yes. Dreams are a universe within their selves. Dreams are not make-believe. Very rarely does someone share the dream with you. This is the case for Carver and Trevor.

 
 Enlightened Smiles

 Carver wrapped his right arm around Trevor as he greeted him with a soft smile. They both walked through the bright-lit park. The summer trees swaying with a cooling breeze gave the brunette relief from his fuming cheeks.

 It felt nice. It felt scary. It felt familiar, yet foreign. “It’s going to be okay. Now, that we both know about each other-”

 The 19 year-old rapidly shook his head. “I-I k-know n-nothing about y-y...you.” The 21 year-old glanced down at the other as he raised one thick eyebrow. 

 “You know plenty about me, dear. What is it you don’t know?” The shorter of the two snuggled his forehead against the other’s chest as he listened closely to the other male’s gentle heartbeat. “I-It’s not f-fair. I-…I-It only m-makes s-sense to.…to...see y-your d-dreams.”

 


The loud chuckle startled the the brunette. “You’re more than welcome to. Do you know how?” Trevor gaped into his companion’s cobalt blue irises. “N-No.”

 The male with charcoal-coloured hair paused his strolling and stood in front of his friend. As he brushed the boy’s oily bangs out of his face, revealing his overactive acne, he grinned widely. “Come over. We can dream together.”

 Trevor’s heart fluttered unsteadily at the invite. What did that even mean? “O-okay.” He was beyond nervous as his eyelids began to redden with tears. 

  
 Carver’s bedroom was nothing like the brunette had dreamt about. It was spacious and bright. He hadn’t even known that the older man had already owned his own house. Trevor glanced at his friend’s silk sheets and blushed bright red.

  What did he mean, “dream together”? What is that implying? The 19 year-old had to constantly remind himself that this was real life. He really is not at all slick like he made himself out to be in Mozek.

 The older man signaled for his friend to take a seat on his small bed. The boy did just that as he fumbled his fingers awkwardly. Trevor’s body jumped as the older male started petting his head. “Okay. The first step is to relax. So, lay down.” The brunette hesitated before slipping into a laying position on his back. He anxiously gulped as he looked up at his companion for further guidance.

  “I need you to relax your muscles. Close you eyes and let go of all your thoughts.” The younger of the two crunched his eyelids together as he knitted his brows. This in turn, had earned him a light giggle from the other.

 “Just relax. There’s nothing to be afraid of right now. This is your time.” The younger male slowly but surely did as instructed. 

 “Now, ease out of your tense muscles. If it’s okay, I can help you do this.” The bashful male nodded in agreement. Carver steadily rested his hands on both of the shorter male’s biceps.


He had increasingly put delicate pressure and rubbed in circles. Though, if anything, this made Trevor tense up more. His crush was...touching him. These acts had made his heart patter violently against his chest bone. 

 “It’s okay, dear. Relax, that’s the only thing you have to do at the moment.” The deep and raspy voice of the other made the brunette lose it. 

 He couldn’t take it anymore. The touch, the scent, the sound, it was all too much. Though, he would push himself because Carver believed in him. He wouldn’t prove him wrong.

 Trevor took a deep breath in as he tried his best to enjoy the massage. So badly, he wanted to open his eyes and see the man above him. As the male with charcoal hair got to his legs and then his thighs, the brunette’s heart rate skyrocketed.



 Reality is Fantasy

 Trevor awoke to an orange sky with the most chilling atmosphere he has ever felt before. He knew where he was. He was in Carver’s dream. He was in Jantung. 

 It was true that he has been here before. It was true that this place was a complete nightmare. How could anyone want to be on this planet? 

  The 19 year-old walked along the shores of the glass ocean. As the smell in the air blistered his nostrils, he noticed that no one was to be seen any where.




 “Hello?” The young man gasped sharply as he felt a hand clasp onto his arm. “Hey, sorry I’m late. It took a while to fall asleep.” 
 
 It was Carver. “O-Oh. I had no idea that Jantung was your planet. Where did all those weird people go?” The older man sighed in complete defeat.

 “Daren killed them. There is no one here but Agnes and Sarah in the temple.” The shorter of the two started to whisper. “This makes no sense. Why would you act like you never been here before? You created it. Who is Agnes and why is she the queen of your brain?”

  It was time for the man with charcoal-coloured hair to explain, no matter how much he didn’t want to. “This isn’t my brain, dear. This is my heart. Jantung means “heart”. I don’t let anybody in here, because this place has secrets that I’d rather nobody know. So, all I could do is pretend that this wasn’t my heart. All the inhabitants were people I cared about. I know it’s a lot to take in, but I hope it clears some things up.”

 Carver was definitely not expecting the phrase that came out of his friend’s mouth in a damaged tone of voice. “You’re heart is broken.” The 21 year-old molded a unrecognizable frown and questionably nodded. 

 “I...know.” The bitterness of the chilled air scratched the brunette’s complexion. “Why...is it...why does it feel so...lonely here?” It was a simplistic question with a complicated answer.

 The older man rubbed his frostbitten nose. “It was fine until Mozek invaded it. Jantung acted so violently according to my emotions at the time. This provoked Daren to destroy it. I don’t know what I’m going to do about it. I’m afraid there is nothing I can do.”

  Trevor clasped onto the 5’7’’ male, embracing the other in a warming hug. “It’s okay. We’ll fix it. I don’t know how, but we will. I have faith.” 

 This was when Carver unsteadily rose his palms to caress the other boy’s chin. They both gazed into one another’s eyes. As the 21 year-old brought his forehead to clink onto the brunette’s, he traced his thumb over his companion’s bottom lip.

 
The silence sounded correct, peaceful, and angelic. “I want to feel again.” The shorter of the two mocked his friend’s usual behavior. He stood on his toes to reach the other’s bangs to toss it out of his face. “We only connect with each other in dreams. Maybe we both need to feel something real.”
 

 Perfect Destruction

Trevor didn’t know how to respond to this information. It was overwhelming, yes, but it was exciting at the same time. The brunette had just gained interest in life once more.

 The 19 year-old only saw reality in black and white and his dreams in bright colors. It was all so surreal right now. From Carver hovering over him with concern, to the words that were just spoken to him.


 “W-What d-do y-you m-mean? H-How i-is that e-even p-possible?” The taller of the two grinned as he brushed his companion’s bangs out of his face. 

 “You are our God. I’m telling you that you are the center of this universe and we are all people from another world. It was decided by Kanoa that a new experiment was to be done. I though this was ill-minded. I took your feelings into account and I know all the pain that this has caused you. Do all that you can to stay calm, it could disrupt the system and cause extinction of us all.”

 The younger of the two slightly lifted up his body as he had let his tears go. He smiled sincerely as he gave Carver a warming hug and sniffled. “I-I l-love y-y-you, C-Carver.” The 21 year-old was not prepared or expected for his friend to say such a thing out of the blue.

 The older male shuffled as he patted his companion on the right shoulder. “Uhm. I love you too, dear. But, you do understand what I’m saying, right?” Trevor grinned widely as his yellow-green eyes crossed obtrusively.

 


The 21 year-old let out a hitched gasp as he watched his friend’s head fall back. The brunette’s skull made a clashing sound as it collided with the floor. The teenager started seizing whilst his companion panicked helplessly. 



  



“Oh my God! I done this! I- Oh no.” Carver had learnt first aid for this type of situation when Trevor was a child and started having seizures. 

 The taller male obtained a small pillow from a nearby couch and gently lifted his friend’s head up as he had lain him back down. After checking the time and noticing that a half minute had passed, the older male pried the brunette’s jaw open to check for anything that may choke him. 

 Carver did his best to clear the abundant amount of saliva out of the boy’s mouth. Frantically checking the time, he worried that this may be his companion’s longest seizure he had ever had. Almost three minutes had passed before Trevor’s jerking body slowed to a stop.

 Once the younger of the two came to, the male with charcoal hair cheered with exasperation. “Thank God! Are you alright? I think you need to rest, dear.” 

 The brunette’s eyes fluttered as he mumbled conclusively. The taller of the two securely latched his palms under his friend’s arms as he lifted and carried him into his bedroom. When he sat the lethargic male on the bed, he lain him into a recovery position. The older male sat down beside Trevor and sighed heavily. “I’m sorry, Trevor.”


 Death of a Soul

 Carver knew deep within his heart that he had inadvertently caused Trevor’s recent suffering. However, he would do anything other than admit this fact. He hurt the most important person in his life.

 Now everyone hates him. He will soon have to accept that he failed at his only purpose in life. His existence would either be diminished or he’ll spend forever in the Inclur.

 Carver drifted off and arrived into Mozek. Though, the world seemed a lot different than it was last night. The mirror structure of the main land was cracked with shreds of glass shattered on the ground. It felt chilling and depressing. 

 “What’s going on?” All of the inhabitants of Mozek were frantically hyperventilating all together. Kanoa ran up the male with charcoal hair and aggravatingly flicked the man’s forehead. “Are you happy now? You destroyed Trevor and Mozek is ending.” 

 Mr. Hadi gulped and intently scowled as he crossed his arms. “He’s fine. It’s just going to take some getting use to. He’ll recover and you’ll all owe me an apology.”

 The elder female scoffed as she drew her glaring gaze to the ruptured sky. “You took advantage of your title as Teren, so I am disqualifying you. You may have no interaction with Trevor and he will be assigned a new Teren. I am eliminating your existence.”

 Carver really wished he hadn’t fallen asleep, because now he’ll never wake up. He couldn’t imagine Trevor waking up after a scarring seizure to find him dead. It would make the boy feel a hundred times worse! 

 “Kanoa, you built me. I think I am the one that knows what’s best for him. I’ve been with him forever, not to mention I have the abilities to read his feelings. I don’t usually disobey you, but I have no choice. Trevor needs me. You can’t do that to him.”

The queen grinned with an abundant amount of anger built up. She snapped her fingers, initiating Daren and Kalani to run to her. “Hold him down! He must go!” The 32 year-old nodded as he grasped his brother’s arm securely.

 The brunette child began to shed unwelcomed tears. “No! I’m on Carver’s side. This is all wrong. He never meant to hurt Trevor. He was only looking out for him. Go ahead and kill me too! At least I got to speak the truth.”

 Daren struggled excessively to hold his sibling down whom was refusing the lock. Then frail older woman held her head high as she entwined her fingers with one another. She thrusted a loud cloud of white vanilla smoke onto the 21 year-old.

 The younger brother evaporated instantly with no goodbyes. His existence was demolished with no trace to be seen. He would never be back and Mozek held hope to mend the wounds that Carver had ultimately caused.

 This was the first death to occur of a synthetically born guardian angel. His everlasting alliance with Trevor Fredrick is forever gone. But, is there a possibility that history will remain in the 19 year-old’s mind and heart?

 

Will their love last or is that broken too? Carver is not only physically dead, but his soul is gone. It’s as if he never existed in the first place.




 The End

 Trevor awoke abruptly as his heart threatened to leap out of his chest. He attempted to massage his headache away and wipe his teary eyes. The brunette glimpsed around the room, noticing he was in his friend’s bedroom. 


 It wasn’t adding up. How’d he get here? After noticing that his tongue was somewhat numb, he realized that he must have had another seizure. 

 The teen blinked excessively and groaned as he stretched his arms. How long had he been asleep for? Soon, Trevor glanced down to his left and furthered his confusion. Carver was asleep right next to him. 

 Now, the brunette questions if he even had a seizure. The teen shuffled his body towards his friend and grinned widely. His companion looked so peaceful as he slept. Come to think of it, he’s never seen the other’s hair so disheveled. It was…cute.

 The younger of the two’s subconscious mind warned him not to make the next action, but he refused to listen. Trevor mimicked what his best friend had always done to him. He gently brushed the older man’s bangs out of his face.

 The younger male’s frightened gasp echoed the dark room when he revealed Carver’s opened, blood-shot eyes. “I’m s-sorry. I-I e-er… d-didn’t k-know y-y-you were a-awake.” 

 The 19 year-old tipped his head in a bewildered manner. The man with jet black failed to respond or pay any attention to the person talking to him. The scrawny male’s heart dropped quickly as all the color drained from his face.

 He frantically shook his friend and began to yell out when he still got no response. Trevor shakily checked the older man’s pulse, before noticing his ice-cold wrist emitted no pulse. This was when the hyperventilation made it’s appearance.


 The brunette was delirious as he continued to violently shake the older man. “C-Car-C-C-Carver!! P-Please!” The frail man shrieked in aggravation while dialing 911 on his cellphone. 


 
The recipient could barely understand his complaint due to the shrilling sound of sobbing. The conclusion came within the hospital as nurses had done their best to keep Trevor as calm as possible. A particular female nurse with sparkling eyes and pale blonde hair whispered to the 19 year-old.

 “We can’t revive him, sweetie. Can you tell me his full name, so I can inform his parents?” The brunette lunged onto the heavy lady and shrieked obscurities into her chest.

 “Y-You h-have t-to!”
The blonde female shook her head with a sad tone and patted the male lightly on his back. It seemed like no one understood the severity of it all. It meant nothing to them that the world has lost the greatest existence it has ever had.



 Anguish of a Poet
 

 It was dead in the night at 12:00 A.M. Trevor stormed through Mozek in search of the person responsible for his best friend’s death. His fists clutched tight into a compressed fist as he ransacked each portal. 

 No one was to be found. It’s as if they were all hiding from him. The last place the brunette checked was in Kanoa’s sanctuary. At last, he saw the disheveled queen sitting amongst many dying roses. 

 She hadn’t even noticed the boy was there until he dashed into her presence. “Kanoa! What happened to Carver? Why is he dead? I thought that it was impossible for him to die, considering he is already as spirit. Tell me now!”

 The watercolour skies began to shred in bits of torn paper mache. Trevor’s anger was always stabilized by Carver, but now that he’s not here, destruction foreseen. The elder female huffed as she stood up without saying a word. 





 “Trevor. I had to. It’s only to protect you. It will take some time for you to move on. I am assigning you a new Teren.” The brunette compulsively gnawed his teeth down before shoving the elder.

 “You can’t do that! He was no harm to me, he was helping me. Bring him back! You have to!” 

 The demands made Kanoa scoff as she easily shook her head. “I know what’s best for you. You do not lay your hands on me. Do you understand?”

 Trevor saw an alarming deep crimson red in his vision. All his anger dwelled inside him far too long. “You don’t even care about me. You just want me alive so you can be alive. Don’t think I don’t know what this all about. Now, use your weird magic and bring back the only sane guy here.It’s not funny.” 

 The 72 year-old grimaced as she raised raised her left brow with a slight sense of agitation. “You are going through your roughest years. You’ll get over him. I think that it’d be an appropriate time that I introduce you to your new Teren.”

 Trevor shrieked, making the scenery demolish into burnt paper. “Fuck you! Fuck all of you! I want you out of Mozek. This is my place anyway. We all know you didn’t create it, I did. Now that I know I am in control of this place, I am taking the crown. I demand you to revive the only person that matters, Carver.”

 Slowly, the “queen” brought down her thin arms. She was absolutely astonished by this defiant behavior. Yet, it was expected if The God was to learn that he was a god.

 Anxiety provoked the female as she snapped her fingers which made the male inadvertently drop to his knees. It was as if an invisible force was holding down. “You are not leaving this dream until you comply to the rules.”





 Utter Humiliation


  Trevor Dane Fredrick knew the truth. He was in control. The question still stood still in the air. Could he reverse a a demolished existence?

 The lights dim down as he stayed as quiet as he could at the moment. All he had to do was trick Kanoa into telling him how to revive a soul. It sounds a whole easier said than done.

 The queen created a hot pink portal. As the colours died down, a familiar human appeared. The brunette perked up before screeching. “Sarah!? You’ve been in on this too? Why? How?” 

 All the people he trusted suddenly turned on him without warning. It was surreal, yet frightening. Carver wasn’t here to protect him anymore. He had to protect himself for once. He could not let his emotions get in the way.

 The ginger shrugged and frowned with appliance to the leader. “Yes. I’m sorry for your loss. The most painful events can have a great outcome. Just stay patient.” Yadda, yadda, yadda.

 All these words seemed as if the girl was reading off a script she had written. Trevor knew that he had to pretend that he has accepted his defeat in order to learn more of The Forbidden Knowledge. “Okay, guys. I get it. But, why can’t Carver live?”

 As the dreaded question came, the queen instantly vanished. Sarah took place and sat down next to the enraged male. “Listen, honey. You are destined for great things and we can’t let someone be in the way of that. Do you understand?” 

 No, Trevor understood nothing of the vague statement. “I will destroy Mozek if Carver is not back. You all think you have power over me when I am the one that has power of you guys.” This is exactly why he was forbidden to know such knowledge, because he would ultimately overrule the queen.





 The female giggle nervously. “Oh, no. You can’t do that. You’re not the god, Kanoa is.” The brunette viciously shook his head. “Carver told me so. I know the truth and it can’t hide from me. I am in control of my mind. No one else is to control it.”

Sarah’s palm was violently swatted away when she attempted to caress the boy’s hair. She shook of the compulsive bad manners and smiled softly. “He lied.” 

 The 19 year-old glared at the lady as if she was the dumbest in the world. “Carver wouldn’t lie to the person he loves.” The ginger huffed as she shuffled to sit on her knees.

 “That’s where you’re wrong, honey. He was not capable of loving anyone. I’m not sure if it escaped your mind, but Carver was synthetically grown. There is no possible way he could have such a complex emotion of love.” 

 That’s it, she’s gone and done it now. There is no pretending anymore. Carver Hadi taught him most spiritual tricks. It was time to take them to the test.

 Trevor tuned into his Ajna (third-eye chakra). An indigo light perfumed atop his forehead. Soon the elaborate smoking mist of this colour lifted the invisible hold of the boy. The female beside him gasped sharply as she saw what the boy had already known what to do.

 “That’s right, bitch. I know the works. You either tell me how to revive a soul or I will destroy Mozek!” 

 The older adult couldn’t believe what she was faced with. If she was to give in, she would surely be demolished as well. But, Carver had a point. This boy had every right to know The Forbidden Knowledge. 

 Why couldn’t they all just live in peace with one another? It doesn’t have to be like this, but it is. Either way, she would die. It would only make sense to die for the greater good.





 The Purpose

 ”Okay, Trevor! I can’t do this to you anymore. I feel horrible. I agree that you are entitled. I’m just in fear of being demolished as well. I’d rather die knowing that I helped you, because all that matters in this world is you.” 

 The 19 year-old was not expecting to hear such surreal words leave the ginger. It was the best news in the multiverse! The younger of two’s eyes grew teary as his heart fluttered heavily against his chest bone.

 “R-Really? You’ll tell me how to bring Carver back?” The other gave a reluctant nod without cutting the intent stare. 

 Trevor leaped 2 feet in the air. His happiness made all of the surrounding roses to bloom, the skies began to mend, and the light’s  brightened substantially. “Yes. But, it has to be kept a secret. Kanoa is your godmother. Like it or not, she does have a little more power than you.” 

 The brunette tipped his head to the side. “Please show me how.” Sarah stood, wiping her skirt clean. “We have to be awake to do so. When the sun rises on Earth, we will revive his soul, but you have to be patient. It’s not instant. It’s a complex process.” 

 With this information said, the teenager awoke to his alarm clock beeping obnoxiously. “7:00 A.M. It’s time” This was the most excited Trevor’s ever been. He thought that his lover was gone forever. 

 He would be saving Carver instead of vice versa. It was exhilarating to feel that he had the rare power to do so. Trevor skipped into the kitchen as he subtly slipped from his socks.

 Luckily, Sarah was already there to greet him. “Hey, hon. Why are you so happy? I thought you would still be grieving. Not that I’m complaining.” 

 The younger of the two’s walls came crashing down. “Y-Y-Y-You d-d-d-don’t r-r-r-remember? W-We were g-g-g-going to b-b-b-bring h-him b-back. D-D-Don’t y-you r-r-remember l-l-last n-n-night?” The ginger’s eyelids popped open.

 


“Oh dear. I never remember my dreams. I didn’t even know- you know that I’m- I’m so glad we can have this spiritual bond.” The male appeared to be an 8 year-old on Christmas morning. 

 “SS-S-S-So, l-l-l-et’s b-bring C-C-C-Carver b-b-back!” The female nervously bit her lip as she turned her gaze the opposite way. “Uhm…How about you eat some breakfast and then we’ll talk about it.” 

 Trevor angrily stomped his right foot. “I-I-I-I-I-’m n-n-not h-h-h-hungry!” This statement earned the him an irritated huff from the other. “Okay, okay! You need to be patient. This is a long process. First thing we must do is go to his grave.” 


 Natural Grievance


The two agreed to go at night, so they wouldn’t be seen. It was all very risky, but it could all be worth it in the end. The two made their arrival in the pitch black as Sarah shined a flashlight upon the gravestone that read, “R.I.P. Carver Hadi 1996-2018”

 Trevor could barely contain his pulsing adrenaline. His palms became increasingly clammy as he gripped the shovel. Both people started to obsessively dig upon the grave.

 It took an hour and thirty minutes to complete their task, but they succeeded. The ginger squatted to lift open the heavy, golden casket with the other struggling to help. The brunette gasped and slapped his hand over his mouth when Carver’s lifeless body came into his view.

 “Be quiet! Now, you get his legs and I’ll get his arms.” The younger of the two did as told and shuffled to corpse’s feet. They both lifted on the count of three before gently setting him down on the ground.

 Soon, they re-buried the closed casket and proceeded to set the dead weight of the body into the backseat of Sarah’s car. The drive back home was silent until Trevor suddenly shredded fast tears. The woman gripped securely onto the steering wheel as she glanced in the passenger seat.

 


“Don’t do this, honey. We won’t get caught, I promise.” The brunette shook his head dramatically. “I-I’m n-n-not w-w-worried a-a-about t-t-that. I-I just c-c-can’t s-stand to s-s-see m-m-my f-f-friend’s d-dead b-b-body.” The female abruptly braked at a yellow light. “He’ll be alive soon. We have to do this quick. The mottling has already occurred, so he’ll have an oxygen issue when he is awake. If more decomposing occurs in his body, it will cause life-threatening issues. He cannot go to a hospital or any public place.”

 The 19 year-old scowled. “W-Why n-not?” Sarah pinched in between her eyebrows. “The public would grow suspicious. It’s way too risky. So, he must stay at the house at all times. We have to keep him hidden.” 

 Trevor took all the facts in. That would be a limiting life, but it’s better than no life at all, right? Once the two made it home, they carried Carver’s resting body and sat him on Trevor’s bed. The brunette refused to lay his gaze on the corpse’s face.

 “S-So h-how d-do w-we b-bring h-him b-back?” The younger one muttered as he dropped his eyes to the floor. The female sighed restlessly. “Sure, Kanoa can destroy his spirit, but you are the only one that has the ability to revive him.” 



Destined Crimson

 ”First we must increase his body heat. Second, we have to increase his hydration, Third, we must inject a serum into him. This serum comes from you. You are the only person in existence to possess this chemical in your body that can give life. The catch is, he has to be given this everyday for rest of his life. But, you are to run out of this at at one point. You will both be dead. Though, your souls will not.”

 That was…so much information to take in. He was the only possess this power. How could that be? It’s the greatest power he’s ever heard of. This beats Kanoa any day. It would all be worth it to spend the rest of his waking life with his best friend in presence.




 “O-Okay. S-So, h-how d-do we i-i-increase h-his b-body h-heat?” The ginger fiddled her fingers as her face resembled a rose. “Uhm.The best way to do this is for you to share some of your body heat with him. If you don’t feel comfortable doing that, we can try a heater, but it will take a month longer and I don’t want the decomposing to further.”

 The brunette jolted into reality once again. “S-S-So I-I just h-hug h-him u-until h-he’s w-warm?” Sarah nodded as she gave the full length introductions. “Yes. At least every night, all night. The longer you do this, the quicker the process will go. It would also be quicker if y-you know, uh, you would not wear your clothes.” 




 Trevor flushed a bright pink as he stumbled in a drunken manner. It was getting so late and his thinking process became rather slow. “O-Okay. C-C-Carver t-too?” The brunette bit his lip as the other nodded. How was he going to do this? He would of never thought he would sleep naked next to his dead best friend in his whole life.

 Once the young man’s caretaker existed the room, Trevor was increasingly lethargic as he swiftly undressed himself. He paused at his undergarments, wondering if that was to be removed too. He desperately wanted this to go as fast possible, so he decided on slipping his boxers off.

 The 19 year-old made his way to the side of the bed as he glimpsed at Carver’s resting facial expression. He seemed calm and undisturbed. The teen began to unfasten the male’s buttons on his shirt. This was the most awkwardest moments he has ever been through. 

 The male gulped roughly as he grasped onto the body’s ice cold arm to remove it from the sleeve. Once he had taken the shirt off, he moved down toward the black trousers and unfastened the yellow belt, pulling his pants off.

 The younger man acquired goosebumps as he did in fact see that Carver had both sex’s genitalia, it wasn’t just a dream. After taking off the older man’s shoes and socks, he climbed into the small bed. 



Trevor hesitated before latching onto his friend’s lifeless, naked, and cold body. It was true. Carver would do anything for Trevor and Trevor would do anything for Carver.

 



Slow Steps

 Eight days had sluggishly passed until it was time for the next step. Trevor lunged into the kitchen in the early morning to greet his caretaker. “H-Hey, S-Sarah?” 

 The ginger sat down her coffee mug and took a seat on the round kitchen table. “Yes, hon?” The male took a seat as well and nervously bit his bottom lip. “W-What w-was t-the next s-step?” 

 Sarah rubbed her eyes, desperately trying to wake her self up. “Hydration.” The brunette tilted his head in concern. “H-How d-do w-we d-do that?” 

 The female giggled slightly and brought her attention to the other. “This part you only have to do once, right before the serum is injected. We can gently dab hot water on the body.” This statement made the younger of the two smile great big. 

 After a week of waiting, it was finally going to be the day that Carver comes back! “C-Can w-we do it t-today?” Instantly after the woman nodded, Trevor leaped up. “O-Okay, l-let’s d-do it!” 

 The caretaker took a slow sip of her brew and hesitantly stood up as well. When they moth arrived in Trevor’s bedroom, they both held their palm over their nose. It was an awful smell lingering in the room. They both knew where it was coming from, but neither person decided to declare so.


 Sarah sat her bag of needles and syringes down that she got from the hospital. She was well educated on giving shots and taking blood, because she has been a registered nurse for 5 years. 

 



The brunette anxiously sat on the bed, he was never one to like needles. “H-How m-much a-are y-you t-t-t-taking?” The female let out a snicker. “Only two vials for today. Once Carver is awake, he’ll need more each day to survive. “

 The younger of two almost fainted at this statement. He squinted when his caretaker sat beside him on the bed and prepared his arm with a rubber band and alcohol prepping.

 The male gulped dramatically and swiftly turned his head the other way as the ginger slowly put the needle in his vein on the bend of his arm. Tears flew excessively as the brunette had grind his teeth together. When Sarah finally obtained two vials of dark blood from the other she slowly removed the needle and plastered a bandage with a red heart printing.

 “It’s okay, honey. The hard part’s over.” The female lightly patted Trevor on the shoulder whilst the boy nodded when wiping his tears away. 

 Soon the ginger had put the blood into a syringe and walked to Carver’s side. The younger male watched with intent suspense as she injected the serum into the Indonesian’s left arm. About two minutes had passed until the boy became antsy. “I-I-Is it g-going t-t-to w-work?” 


 
 Frankenstein

 Trevor felt the most spontaneous happiness that he has ever felt in all of his lives when he saw his best friend’s chest raise with inhalation of oxygen. The brunette jumped beside Carver on the small bed, bouncing up and down. “H-He’s a-alive!” 

 The ginger snapped her fingers as she scolded her friend. “Shh! Don’t disturb his breathing. It’s really delicate if you move him too much. Just be patient and he’ll come to.” As the 19 year-old halted his physical display of excitement, he rested his yellow-green eyes on his companion’s eyelids, waiting for them to open.




 The female burst into a fit of quiet giggles as she watched Trevor hover his head over the older male’s sleeping body. Carver’s eye balls rolled rapidly before his eyelids fluttered until they opened to reveal cobalt blue irises. The brunette’s breath suddenly hitched since he was afraid to speak.

 The older male parted his dry, broken lips and exhaled strongly. The last thing Sarah wanted to do was interrupt the scene, however she forgot to tell the younger boy something rather important. “Uh, Trevor, honey. I forgot to tell you that he might not be exactly like he was before. W-What I’m getting at is he may not remember us, but don’t worry! We can make new memories.”

 Trevor’s joy suddenly evaporated as he broke the glare from his caretaker and eased an expression of worry towards his beloved. “C-Carver, y-you d-do k-k-now w-who I-I am, r-right?” 

 The male with charcoal hair inhaled sharply as he parted his lips once more. “Master.” The blood drained from the brunette as he heard the single word come from the wheezing voice of his companion. 

 He held his palm of his mouth in pure shock as he scowled at Sarah. “It’s okay, honey. This will wear off. It’s just because of the new blood he was given. Don’t take it personal. He’ll remember you soon, I promise.” The caretaker begged the other to not throw a fit to no avail. 

 “N-No C-Carver! I-I’m n-not y-your u-u-uh m-master. I-I’m your f-friend!” The older male compulsively shook as he brought his ice-cold palm to Trevor’s right cheek and rubbed the loose tear off of the freckles.

”He’ll be pretty weak for a while. Let’s not get him out of bed until we have to. He won’t be able to walk, but he really needs to bathe as soon as he can.” The ginger plugged her nose as she shook her head and stood up. 





 The caretaker left the room hastily as the two boy’s re-united. Trevor grabbed his friend’s hand off his cheek and clasped it in an attempt to warm him. “Y-You’re C-Carver H-Hadi a-and you l-like the c-colour b-blue, y-your f-favourite f-food i-is pizza, a-a-and y-you’re m-my- w-well y-you l-like t-to go hiking.” 

 The younger male was not quite ready to tell his friend what relationship he has had with him. Maybe it’s best he doesn’t know right now. It will be a long journey to get his friend back, but it’ll all be worth it in the end.


 Differences Arise

 It was around 7:00 P.M and the two men laid in bed with one another. Trevor was reading a book while Carver struggled to keep his eyes open. The brunette gaze down longingly at the other. “A-Are y-you tired?” 

 The older male looked up to other with teary eyes and shook his head in disagreement. “No. I want to get up.” The 19 year-old bit his lip and darted his eyes to the door to check if it was shut. “U-U-Uh…a-are you s-sure y-you’re not t-t-tired?”

 The taller man shifted his weight onto his arms and swiftly fell back down. The younger male guarded his right hand over the other man’s chest. “Y-You’re t-too w-weak, C-Carver. H-How a-about w-we w-watch T-T.V.”

 Trevor felt a lot different when he was with this Carver. He felt…more in control. The male with charcoal-like hair shook his head as he tried to sit up once more. Instantly he fell atop of the brunette’s lap face first. This Carver acted a lot more stubborn.

 The 19 year-old blushed as he helped his friend to sit up. “O-Okay. I-I’ll help y-you w-walk, b-but you c-can’t tell S-Sarah. I-Is t-that a d-deal?” The male with charcoal-coloured hair gladly nodded. The younger male shifted to exit the bed. When Trevor got to his companion’s side, he lifted underneath the shoulders as he gasped for more strength. He never new that Carver was this heavy. 


It was as if he was maneuvering a rag doll. He could hear his friend’s inhales become sharper and deeper.. Maybe this wasn’t a good idea at the moment. When the brunette finally got the tall man on his feet, they both tragically fell with a an echoing thump. 

 Carver’s rapid breathing increased dramatically as he lain helpless atop his younger friend. “I-I’m s-s-so s-sorry, Carver! I-I thought I c-could h-hold you.” The male with black hair tried urgently to lift himself back up to no avail. Sarah came barging into the bedroom to find the predicament the two boys were in.

 “Trevor! What did you do? He wasn’t to be out of bed today!” The ginger quickly stood Carver back up and lead him to the bed. The younger male muffled a ringing sob. “I-I’m s-sorry. H-He b-b-begged me t-to-” 

 The woman snapped a intimidating glare towards the other. “He had his first dose of the serum today. Once he has a couple in his system, he’ll get stronger. You’ll surely run out sooner if he uses it too quickly!” The ginger covered the Indonesian man up and felt his forehead with the back of her hand.

 “His body temperature is already decreasing. I don’t think he’ll last throughout the night.” The brunette jumped up off the floor and screeched. “W-What d-do y-you mean he w-won’t l-last?” The caretaker scratched her head as she watched the male on the bed battle to breathe.

 “Hon, don’t you understand? You’re blood is the only thing keeping him alive. His body is quickly using that for all his internal and external energy. He’s going to at least need one more vial before he falls asleep.”

 Trevor complied before the woman got her supplies and started to draw more blood from the anxious male. When it was time to inject the serum into Carver’s arm, he jolted away unexpectedly. 

 “You need this. It will help you find you’re strength again.” Silence were stagnant in the atmosphere. “No. Master needs that.” The blood drained from both Sarah and Trevor at the foreign title. “No, hon. This is what’s keeping you alive. Trevor brought you back to life because of this.” Carver’s astonished stare hung on the boy in question. 

 


 Unrecognizable Deja Vu

 Trevor was running a little late to his class. He shuffled all his notebooks together, but was abruptly stopped by a deep and stern voice. “Where are you going, master?” 

 The brunette huffed out a hesitant breath as he turned around to see his friend on the bed. “I-I g-got to g-go t-to g-go t-to c-class, C-Carver. M-M-My n-n-name’s T-Trevor. Okay?” The older male started to progressively get out of bed before the younger male ran to halt him.

 “I want to come with you, Trevor.” The shorter of the two was satisfied to not be called master anymore. It was getting a little weird. “N-No, you c-can’t. S-Sorry. I-I-I’ll be b-back s-soon. “

 The 21 year-old gripped tightly on the hovering teen’s shoulder for support to stand up. “What do you need me to do here? How will I assist you if you are not here?” 

 What was Carver talking about? Why did he keep wanting to do things for him? When will the old Carver be back? It was getting to be too much to handle.

”C-Carver, listen. Y-You a-are n-not a s-service p-pet. Y-You c-can d-do whatever y-you want t-to d-do.” The male with charcoal-coloured hair tossed the covers off of him as he tried to desperately to get off the bed. “I want to be you’re service pet. You have gave me life, master.” 

 The brunette whimpered as he lightly pushed his friend back down. “D-Don’t c-call m-me t-that. D-Don’t y-you r-remember w-what y-y-you were t-to m-me?” The older male began to obstreperously sob into the crook of the neck of his companion.

To the looks of it, Trevor was probably going to miss class. The older man patted the other on his back, utterly confused. “Sorry I upset you, mas-Trevor. You are good to me. I don’t know why you gave me life if it was not to serve you.”

 


The brunette locked eyes with his disoriented friend and counted each of his eyelashes. “C-Carver, I-I g-gave y-you l-life, b-because, I-I…u-uh..I-I love y-you. Y-You a-are my a-angel and y-you w-were w-wrongfully k-killed b-by m-my spiritual godmother. I-I am g-god of M-Mozek a-and all t-that exists i-is M-Mozek. I-I a-am n-now u-understanding h-how y-you felt w-when I-I went into a-a d-delirium. H-Hopefuly, y-you will m-mentally b-be back, n-not just p-physically.”

 With all this information given,, Carver only gave a blank stare in recognition of the words spoken to him. Soon, something must of clicked within his brain. The older male steadily lifted his right hand and brushed Trevor’s bangs out of his face. 

 The brunette stared his eyes into the other’s in an attempt to read his friend’s thoughts before he dived in for a starved kiss. The older man’s eyelids snapped wide open as he held as still as a statue. Once the lock broke, the brunette’s cheeks mimicked his friend’s red face.

 “Don’t leave me.” This phrase stopped the younger male right in his tracks when he saw the facial expression that went with it. Carver never looked so innocent and naive before. He really did have his best friend all to himself. 

 The brunette bit his lip, anxiously as he broke eye contact and glared at the floor. He was deep in thought, and for good reason too. His thoughts had never been so devilish, until now. The idea that popped in his head was of a mischievous nature. He couldn’t believe that he was actually going to go through with this.

 “U-Uh a-a-actually, C-Carver, t-there i-is s-something t-t-that y-you c-could d-do f-for m-me. T-T-That’s if y-you w-want to, a-anyway.” The older man tilted his head up and nodded with intense enthusiasm. “Yes, anything.”


 Inverted Regret

 Trevor got up on the bed beside his friend and smiled, nervously before gulping. The younger of the two’s eyes darted to his friend’s open palm. He made a bold decision to grab it and swiftly place it in between his own legs.

 Carver looked up at his friend with a strange and discombobulated expression. Slowly, but surely the 19 year-old began to guide his friend’s hand in up and down motion. “T-Trevor? What do you need me to do?”

 The younger man intentionally ignored the other as he began to unbutton his jeans. The 21 year-old watched with intent interest as his friend pulled his jeans off to reveal tight, yellow boxers. The brunette grabbed his baffled companion’s hand and slipped it under the elastic of his underwear. 

 He molded the lanky hand around his phallus and worked it up and down in a steady and fluent rhythm. The 19 year-old’s head feel back in deep arousal. Carver jerked his hand back once he heard his friend cry in desperation. 

 The brunette’s stimulated actions paused as he looked to the other for answers. “Didn’t I hurt you?” Fuck, this Carver was dinky as hell. Trevor brought his palm to his forehead in order to calm his headache. “N-No. I-It f-felt r-really g-good. I-I w-was h-hoping t-that y-you could u-uh.” 

 How could he possible put what he wanted into words without looking like a fool? All he really knew how to do so, is show the guy.

 Once the teen pulled off his undergarment, he positioned himself in front of Carver. “W-Will y-you uh…f-f-fuck! I-I c-can’t d-do t-this!” The older male tilted his head and glowered. “I’ll do anything for you.” 

The brunette whimpered pathetically as he pushed his friend’s head down toward his upright length. “Suck, please.” The younger of the two clutched his eyelids shut before being roughly awakened by a pair of warm lips right where he wanted them.

 The younger male’s enticed panting increased as the his friend’s wet lips tightened and moved in a fluid pattern. He would of never been this brave to initiate such a situation if he weren’t dreaming or if Carver was still mentally together.

 The brunette’s thrilling moan’s blocked out the shout that came from other room. As he clenched his finger’s onto his companion’s scalp, he hadn’t even heard the sound of his bedroom door being opened.

 “O-Oh, my God! Trevor!” Trevor’s attention snapped onto  Sarah’s shocked expression. The Indonesian was lightly shoved back in order for him to stop doing the provocative action.

 “W-W-What a-are d-doing h-h-h-here!?” The female became frantically angered. “I should be asking you that! You should be in class!” The youngest of the three struggled to pull his jeans back on before standing up with fright.

 “I-I-I-I d-didn’t w-want t-t-to l-leave h-h-him a-a-alone.” The caretaker latched onto the brunette’s arm and violently pulled him out of the room. Carver was left to sit in a puddle of disarray.

 “What-why w-were you making him do that? You know he’s not in the right state of mind yet, not to mention that requires a lot of physical energy that he does not have. You can’t be skipping class to have sex. You’re way to young for that. So, you’re grounded and you’ll have a separate room from him. Do you understand?”

 Trevor gritted his teeth together as his tears let free. “N-No! I-I a-am o-old enough to ma-make m-my o-own d-decisions. C-Carver w-wanted to. I-I a-a-am not f-forcing h-him to d-do a-anything!” The frustration of the two multiplied the disheveled 21 year-old walked through out the door to greet them.

 Hunger Strikes

 The two abruptly stopped their conversation to look up at the angry man standing before them. “Why are you yelling at him? He didn’t hurt me.” 


The ginger bit her lip and spoke with a wavering tone. “Carver, you need to rest. You shouldn’t be up walking right now. I’m not yelling at him. Okay?” 

 The younger male chimed in. “I-It’s o-okay, C-Carver. S-She’s j-just l-looking o-out for m-me. I-I’ll be b-back s-soon.” With this said, the brunette dashed out of the house. Sarah scoffed as she gently pushed the tall man back into the room.

 “I don’t want to lay down. I feel fine.” The female huffed with agitation. “What if something happens? Trevor is going to be gone for a while. If you spend all your energy quickly, you’ll die. If you are not instantly given blood, you can’t come back. I’m just worried about you.”

 The 21 year-old slid past the caretaker and walked into the kitchen. The woman groaned in defeat and ran after him to find the male looking through the cabinets. “What are you looking for? I can get it for you.”

 Carver sneered at the lady and took out a box of shortbread cookies. “I’m hungry.” Since the man was revived, he acted nothing like his former self. Sarah ponders if he ever will be truly back.

 “I know you are, but you can’t have anything, because it would disrupt the cycle and kill you. Let’s not obsess over that. I can’t watch you right now. I have someone else to look after. How about I put on a movie?”



The male with charcoal hair nodded, simply annoyed by the fact that the woman was still there.. Little did Sarah know that he was planning something behind her back. The caretaker did as she said and swiftly left the house.

 The 21 year-old hurriedly took a handful of cookies out of the box and began shoving as many cookies he could in his mouth. It was satisfying to say the least. It felt as if he hadn’t ate his whole life

 He ate all the of the cookies in the box, but was alarmed that he was still very, very starved. His heart sped up as he developed tunnel vision. The male got all the food he could get out of the cabinets. 

 Chomping and chewing was instinctual even though he could not remember a time in his life that he has ever ate. There was plenty of food in the kitchen that took him 2 hours to inhale every single crumb. Soon, the cabinets and the fridge became noticeably spotless.

 No matter what, the 21 year-old could not curb his clawing sense of hunger. Since all the food disappeared into his stomach, the man began to ingest tissues, Styrofoam, soap, paint, paper, and anything else he could find. It evidently became an issue once Carver’s stomach began to groan with dissatisfaction.

 The male laid atop the cushions of the couch with his hand over his stomach. He was in intense pain that was symbolized by the constant gurgling within his stomach. The male became nauseous, however he could not vomit. The sickness was absolutely vile.

 It was around 5:00 P.M. when Trevor arrived back at the house to find his friend asleep on the white leather couch. The brunette sat beside the other when he noticed that the other had a facial expression of distress.The younger of the two concluded that his companion was probably having a nightmare, so he decided to push on the man’s side to wake him up.

 The older male stirred as he fluttered his eyelids open. “W-What’s w-with all the e-empty b-boxes in t-the kitchen?” The taller of the two gave a long grin as he patted his swollen stomach. “I ate it.”





 Character Re-Examination

”W-What? Y-You a-ate all o-of t-that?” The 19 year-old folded his friend’s blue T-shirt up and pressed his palm over the stretched stomach that was clearly upset.

 He was warned by Sarah that someone that was revived could not have any food or flavored beverage. It would cause diverse affects and disrupt the serum. He couldn’t really remember what else would happen, but he knew for sure he had to keep it a secret from his caretaker due to her always making a big deal out of everything.

 “U-Uh…j-just s-stay h-here. I-I’ll g-go clean t-the m-mess up.” The brunette went into the kitchen and started to clean all of the packaging up. He knew that Sarah had to stay over night at the household she was taking care of, so he’ll have time to sneak a little bit of groceries in tomorrow.

 Once the chore had been completed, Trevor tapped on the shoulder oh his sleeping friend on the couch. “H-Hey, l-let’s go lay d-down.” Carver complied and stumbled after the other into the bedroom.

 The two sat on the small bed beside on another before the younger man spoke up first.”C-Carver?” The older man looked tired and dazed as he locked his blurry eyes with the other. “Hm?”

 “S-So, y-you don’t r-remember u-uh…M-Mozek?” The male with charcoal hair gleamed and nodded. “I know that place. Don’t you own it, dear?” Trevor’s eyes snapped open at the old but new title he had heard come from the other. Could Carver be back so soon?

 “Y-You’re b-back! S-So, y-you k-know w-who I-I am and w-who y-you are?” The 21 year-old raised his brow as his right hand rubbed against his own face. “Yes. I remember now.I know what happened. I don’t where I am now. All I know is Mozek and Trevor Fredrick is the king. I am your…?”








The brunette excessively blinked, because he could not believe what he was hearing. It seemed like all the food that his friend ate had good effects instead of adverse effects. “Y-You a-are m-my…u-uh T-Teren a-and m-my b-b-boyfriend.”

 Carver sat up and tilted his head in confusion. “This place is not where I belong. I do not belong in your presence, dear. I am meant to stay in Mozek. I don’t know these terms you are using such as, boyfriend. It would be in our best interest if you could send me back. “

 The 19 year-old scowled repulsively. How could he not know of Earth? A few long-lasting moments passed by before the younger of the two spoke. “S-Sure, y-you c-come from M-Mozek, b-but you h-had a l-life h-here. Y-You’re l-life w-was taken a-away, b-because you f-fought for m-my rights. I-I brought y-you b-back w-with my b-blood. S-Sadly, y-you’re s-soul could not b-be r-restored, s-so you have most of my g-genetics and D-DNA. A-All I want is f-for y-you t-to be back. T-The t-true Carver, I m-miss.”

 The 21 year-old swiftly shook his head with elastic force. “No. You can longer give me your blood. It feels wrong to take it from you, dear. I must go back to Mozek. I have work to attend.” The brunette’s eyes began to quickly fill with tears.

 “D-Don’t you s-see? Y-You c-can’t go b-back, C-Carver! T-The r-reason t-that you have n-nightmares e-every night is b-because t-the only p-place you can b-be is I-I-Inclur. I’m s-sorry. If I-I w-wouldn’t have h-had t-those seizures, y-you'd s-still be here.”

 Carver slapped his palm over his friend’s rambling mouth. “No! You are a god. Trevor, you can do anything. You have the power to bring my soul back. Trust me when I say, I am still in here. Kanoa lied, it is impossible for a soul to die. It only can be repressed for so long. Listen to me, I have only 30 minutes until my mentality is gone. Sarah does not want me to have food, because nutrition is the only thing that can bring me back. Before I go, tell me you understand, dear.”

 “I-I u-understand.”


 Communicative Structure

 ”W-Why are y-y-you so against C-Carver?” The brunette slammed his hands on the bedside table in Sarah’s bedroom, awaking her in the process. The fatigued female snapped her eyelids open as she grimaced retentively. 

 The ginger slowly sat up and huffed. “Hon, what are you talking about?” The boy scoffed broke his glare. “Why d-don’t y-you want C-Carver t-to be a-alive? Y-You only s-seem to w-want h-him to be a z-zombie.”

 Sarah acted nonchalant about the situation in Trevor’s view. “I do want him to be here! Why are you accusing me? I am the one that saved him. You wouldn't even know how if it weren't for me. What are you talking about? Why don’t you trust me anymore?”

 The 19 year-old gritted his jaw together, risking shattering his teeth. “I-I-I l-let him e-eat. C-Carver’s soul c-came b-back for s-sometime. W-Why a-are you a-against him b-being well?” The woman cringed lightly and patted her friend on the shoulder, before being violently swatted away.

 “Sure. After nutrition is given to him, his soul will appear. Though, his mind will become obsessive to the point of unhealthiness. It is so risky. Carver can live without food. It must not be given anymore. I promise that he’ll come back without it. You have to be patient, hon.”



 Trevor screeched as he clawed at his scalp. “Y-You’re l-lying! I-I c-c-can’t even t-trust you. H-How will h-he b-become o-obsessive? O-Over what?” The 32 year-old held her forehead in agitation.

 “Please listen to me. We use to be best friends. What has made you lose trust in me? Carver will be obsessed with whomever gave him blood. He will become so obsessed that he will not leave your side and he’ll do anything for you. You don’t want this, trust me.” The brunette’s eyes began to flow with angry tears as he dashed out of the room with no response.

 What has gotten into him lately? Why is he so drawn to making Carver even more obsessed? That’s not Carver. Since when has he became so selfish? 


Days had went by with Trevor subtly sneaking food to his friend that was locked inside his bedroom. He wonders if maybe  his friend would be better off gone. 

 It’s torturous for a grown man to be locked in a room all his life. Not to mention the 21 year-old is forced to have nightmares every night as well. The brunette paced unsteadily in the room, deep in thought.

 Carver’s eyes followed intently on the other male. “Trevor? What’s wrong?” The 19 year-old stopped in his tracks and gazed back at the other, “N-Nothing.” 

 The older of the two stood up and sneaked his arms around his friend. “You can talk to me, dear.” Trevor made an awkward noise in response to the sudden affection he was given.

 “I-I j-just d-don’t k-know w-who t-to believe a-anymore.” The older of the two sighed and squatted slightly to link eyes with his companion. “Trevor, I cannot thank you enough for what 

you did. I want to repay you. I want you to know that I am yours, you own me and that I’ll do anything for you. I care about you deeply. I also want you to know that you are in control of me. My only job is to make you happy. Please, do whatever you feel the most comfortable with. Your decision is up to you.” 

 The younger of two felt so many emotions at that moment, but one emotion stuck out further than the rest. That is, guilt. Trevor knows what should be done. It is only selfish to keep Carver here for his own benefit. The man never will be able to experience life outside the perimeters of the house. It was unfair. Trevor Fredrick had to do what is right.



 Sociable Flattery

 It was 9:00 A.M. which means it was time to inject the serum into Carver. The brunette gulped noticeably loud. “U-Uhm…Sarah?” The caretaker paused in her tracks lifting the needle away from the boy’s thin arm. 

 


“What’s wrong?” The 19 year-old shifted his watering eyes back and forth between the two. “I-I d-don’t want t-to d-do t-t-this…a-anymore…” The older male’s heart dropped with a heavy thump. 

 “Why?” Sarah pleaded with the teenager and bit her lip in disturbance. The situation was very shocking and unsettling. “I-It isn’t r-right. C-Carver h-has to g-go to Inclur e-every night and b-be tortured. H-He a-also is locked in..in..t-this h-house everyday. I-It’s s-selfish t-to m-make h-him stay in p-pure a-agony, j-just so I-I c-can s-see him.” 

 Carver gulped with insecurity. “Listen to what you’re saying, dear. Don’t you know that I am happy if you are happy? That’s all that matters to me. If…If you want me dead, so be it. I can leave, if that’s what will make you happy.”

 Sarah held back her grin and complied with a cheerful nod. Trevor jumped up, furious. “W-Why a-a-are y-you s-so h-happy b-by this, S-Sarah!? W-What a-are you h-hiding!?” The ginger threaded her fingers through her locks as she stood up and sneered with passion.

 “Hon, you need to understand. You are giving someone blood everyday. Everyone’s existence depends on your life and your decisions. Mozek wants to keep you alive as long as possible. It is simply a waste to cut your life short for Carver. He is not needed. He was only made to be your Teren and he failed.” 

 The 19 year-old was beyond pissed before he soon exploded. “F-Fuck y-y-you!” The brunette ripped all of the needles and supplies out of the female’s grip and proceeded to pull his friend out of the house and into the winter snow.

Sarah did not chase them, for she was already conducting a complex plan. Deliriously, the shorter of the two stabbed his arm with an uncleaned needle. His eyes showered with hot tears as he mumbled in exhilaration. 


 Bright red blood poured instantly onto the white snow as the older man held his head low in severe shock. “T-Take it! I-I w-want y-y-you t-to l-live!” Carver stood silent before gulping and slowly grabbing his friend’s excessively bleeding arm. 

 

The older male took one last quick glance at the boy’s scrunched up facial expression as he brought the crimson arm up to his lips. He did as told and licked until all of the blood was cleansed off. Trevor gasped coldly at the sudden wet tongue on his arm.

 “W-Why d-did y-you d-do t-t-t-that?” The male with charcoal-coloured hair tilted his head sideways. “You told me to.” Trevor nodded as he felt chills go through his spine. “S-Sarah is a-against u-us.T-They all a-are. It’s n-not f-fair. M-M-Mozek is my w-world. How c-come I have n-no s-say so? I-I-I don’t w-want to l-live i-in a world w-w-without m-my favourite p-person.” 

 Carver gave a weak smile, his eyes twinkled with delight. “Kalani is not. Kanoa has all control, because she created you. You made up Mozek in your mind, therefore it belongs to you. Kanoa is not against you, she is merely worried about the future of Mozek. I understand that I threatened Mozek’s lifespan. I have one question. Do you really need me, dear?”

 The inquiry laid stagnant in the atmosphere for 4 solid minutes until the brunette spoke in a well-heard voice. “I need you more than you need me.” It was the first time Trevor had spoken in his life without a stutter to be heard. Perhaps, all they needed was each other. 

 Everlasting Life

 
In Mozek, the skies were healing whilst the reflective walls were mending. Warmth grew heavy and colour was restored. The calm atmosphere depicted that Trevor was happy, for he was determined.


Determination brought him boldness. He wanted reality to change. He was going to do everything he could do to make this happen.

 The brunette walked bare-footed across the crystal clear glass. How was he going to take responsibility for his world? Kalani, his soul sister could possibly be a reliable friend.

 He drew a golden portal and left to meet with his soul sister. Once he arrived, he was met with 7,2000 rabbits hopping towards his bewildered stature. The skies emitted green light whilst the floor cushioned with velvet.

 The child’s place seemed rather calming for a short-tempered girl. Kalani’s pigtails bounced as she ran to greet Trevor. “Hi! I’ve been waiting for you to talk to me. I can help you.” 

 The male bit his lip as his heart sped up. “Uhm, yeah. Don’t you think that maybe Mozek would be…H-How do I put this?” The 13 year old whimpered as she crossed her arms.. 

 “Trevor! You came to the right place.Before I give you more facts. You must know my background. Such as, that I was created synthetically like Carver. A male and female figure is what you needed due to weak parents.”

 The older of the two listened intently to the careless girl’s tune. “I am your soul sister and Carver is your guardian angel. I am in charge of giving you support and teaching you tough love. I 


believe that Mozek won’t last long if you lost your true love. Carver is significant in your life. Mozek needs him. I also have my own world. I’ve been reincarnated so many times. Kanoa can never die, she molds all universes together.” 

 Trevor’s eyes soon became polished with unnoticed tears.”What can I do to make her change her mind? Carver belongs in Mozek. Jantung has gone to hell. There is no place for him at night. “ The young female pondered for a few moments before a idea suddenly popped in her mind.



 “Why don’t you…make a new world?” The 19 year-old sharply gasped. “How? Can I do that?” He was completely not prepared for such a idea. Kalani giggled before frowning playfully. 


“You really don’t realize how much power you have, do you? The world revolves around you. You have every right to do what you want. There is catch, though.” The brunette male sputtered and begged for directions.

 “What’s the catch?” The child curled her the strands of her hair around her finger as she skipped very close to her brother. “You have to give up your physical identity. You must live as Trena. Therefore, you are another human with a new brain and heart. It can be possible.”

 Th 19 year-old’s face heated instantly he began to sweat profusely. “I-If that’s what it takes, then I’ll do it.” The girl with pigtails grinned widely. “So it will be. I’ll give you the steps. Whomever you want in your world, they must follow the same steps. When you awake on Earth, I’ll meet you. Yet only you will be able to see me, because I am a ghost. I will further your process from there.” 

 Trevor brought picked the girl up in a twirling hug as she protested angrily. “Don’t you ever fucking pick me up!” The male was astonished by the sudden change of mood. “I’m sorry. I was…just grateful of your help. Sorry, Kalani.”

 The child fumed and shook her head with aggression. “Don’t ever touch me again. You should know that when you change, you must take into account that death will have to occur.”
 

 Nonsensical Fit

 The rain poured until it thoroughly flooded the streets. Carver and Trevor dashed until they found shelter under a bridge. It was freezing to the point that the brunette’s hand’s threatened frostbite.


 The male with charcoal hair held his friend’s palms in his own in an attempt to warm them. “Trevor, why are you going through all this trouble just to save my existence?” The younger of the two cringed inwardly. 


 “B-B-Because t-t-that’s what l-love m-m-makes y-y-you do. I-I care a-about you, C-Carver. N-N-Not to b-be selfish, b-b-but I d-don’t t-think that I c-c-could live w-without you.”

 The 21 year-old shuddered as he enveloped the other man in his arms. “What’s the first step?” That was a direct question, yet the answer seemed much more complicated. 

 Trevor bit his lip and searched within his mind to find Kalani’s deliberate instructions. The 19 year-old wanted to make his words blunt and precise. “W-We m-m-must j-j-jump into a-a blazing f-f-fire. T-The s-smoke w-w-will c-c-carry our souls to the h-heavens. W-We m-m-must act q-quick o-once we a-a-are in b-between dimensions. T-This is w-w-when I am to c-create a p-planet of m-my own.” 

Carver’s eyes popped out slightly as he distinguished what the other was entailing. “Trevor, that is what Deast did. It’s very risky, yet I understand that you are king. You are entitled to make decisions. After the rain stops, we will make a fire and…we’ll…Are you sure you want to do this, dear? You could never come back to this life just as you did in the past.” 

 The brunette dried his tears on his companions sleeve as he mumbled close-knitted words. “I w-want to s-s-start anew.” The decision was implement, so forth the fire had ignited. 


 The two held hands as they took their last breath before plunging into the burning flames. It was the end of the beginning once again. A story such as this would have to be told to the world. 


 




Against all odds, the two souls met in calm winds. Everything was blank, for there was no meaning. In between universes, it was frowned upon to step out of the lines. It was instinctual for the god to create a brand new planet.

 

It was as if it was written within his DNA and brain waves. The transformation felt expository elastics to his body and mind. It took a toll on his composure, yet lightened the weariness of doubt. Blue and yellow light emitted portals that sang in a mute tone.

 It was absolutely spectacular to create such a planet that had the potential to fix everything that was wrong. The planet lain square with disheveled patterns in outer space. To obliterate a flawless life was unintentional, yet to be forward was exactly the purpose. 

 So forth, a new beginning was claimed by two kings. The planet would have a name called, “Mozek”. Mozek would be unlike the original Mozek due to it’s selfless purpose. An exaggeration of intense contentment would forever be entwined with the elastic atmosphere.

  The new Mozek was sucessful, yet it was an adventure for when the first king’s soul was to enter the past Mozek. It would become a senseless competition later on to see whether Carver or Trevor would get to future Mozek first.

 Future Mozek contradicts the purpose of past Mozek. For, the king has taken charge and no one was to break the determination written within his DNA. Future Mozek would learn from past Mozek, understanding the errors made.



 Around the Circle

 Simplistic as it may be, Future Mozek stood out of the norm for a planet just born. Trevor Dane Fredrick was proud to be an attentive creator of his own world. Finally, he had the sense of pouring knowledge. For once, he did not feel overwhelmed of knowing The Forbidden Knowledge.

 


The mind of Mozek is complex, yet it is demonstrated in simplistic terms. For what is regained, will never be re-captured. Trevor knows all too well that the past must be forgotten.

 It must be acceptable to come to terms that the future will always be one step further. Each day, each month, each year, each decade, and each century leads us to know more of the unknown. Knowledge has no limit. 

 Never will existence of all run out of knowledge to know.
While Past Mozek was a sphere of colours trapped in white, Future Mozek has unleashed all of the colours known to the human eye. The atmosphere is one of which is a comfortable temperature.

The scent of strawberries and the taste of milk chocolate perfume into the stagnant air. There are no winds, yet the movement is permanent. The happiness dwells in the rainbow sky as it sparkles into an abyss of content bliss.

 Many will come to stay, many will come to go, and many will visit every day. Kanoa may never find out, yet if she does the end will surely come. Until then, it is only sensible to not dwell on the what the future could be and what the past was.

 The best time is now, for that is all that matters now. The future will someday be the present and the past shall always be forgotten. Mozek’s moon rises with a name of Divinity. The souls of all that inhabit Mozek during slow sleeping hours are joined within one another in a promise to never hold back.

 
There are no rules, however, it is recommended that we all live at peace. We all have human brain’s that work differently from one another. It is a complex organ, yet a simplistic function. It is in our best interests that we train the brain in order for the outcome to be significant.

 Our hearts and our brains must be at peace with one another. If not, the balance is broken. This will cause a disturbance of the whole body and must be avoided with all solutions possible. When we are in love, the hearts yearns to take action. 

 



While the heart may want to be the leader of all actions pertaining to the human emotion of love, the brain cannot be disregarded. The balance must stay at 50/50. With such a unique emotion of love, this may be the most difficult stage a human life will go through.

 As we walk through the stages of life, there may be times when we stumble, fall, and even break a bone. This could be one of the most essential lessons of all. To stop and reflect on your brain and your heart is to be a mindful soul. 

 Our wants and needs may get confused for each other, though it is crucial that we must be able to tell the difference. With all the knowledge that we know and that we don’t know tells us the beauty of being human. Love and peace are the two titles we must live by in order to function without human suffering. 

 The story of Trevor and Carver are forever linked to one another in the sense that one has the heart and one has the brain. These two men will forever demonstrate their everlasting love for one another by containing a balance within the relationship. Reality and fantasy may sound opposite, yet they are the same. 


 Rein of a New Empire

It was unrecognized how much time had passed on future Mozek, but surely it was well worth it. Trevor lain on a flurry of soft ice, his skin sizzling at the contact. Today would be another lazy day for him. This boy was finally at peace with himself and at peace with knowing The Forbidden Knowledge.

The only thing that changed over uncounted time was the distance kept between Carver and Trevor. It had been an ungodly amount of time since the two had came into contact with one another, but this could be no harm, right? The brunette sniffled a tad at the sudden realization that he had grown apart from his best friend.

 
What had changed? It possibly could be all the stress on a 19 year old from holding up a whole world all by himself. If he was to be labeled a god, then he surely must act as such. Though, why suddenly has he grown disturbingly distant from the one he cared about the most?

None of this was adding up to the new god, Trevor. The 19 year-old bit his lip as he anxiously drew a portal from his third eye. He needed to figure things out. This is all was too much to handle for one person!

Trevor gulped soundly once he arrived in Mozek to find his former planet shredded to pieces of reflective glass. It wasn’t like this when he fled. It was deathly quiet with the only noise being the echo of his own hitched breathing. “H-Hello? Daren? Kanoa? Anybody?” 

The only reply the brunette received was his own desperate screeching echo within the dark vortex of past Mozek. Where was everybody? Trevor would never admit it, but he was slowly refraining from the title of a god. 

It was too scary, confusing, and stressful! Everyone on his planet relied on him. It was getting to be too much to handle. All the man wanted to do was go back to being merely a human. If only he could do just that, then maybe Carver would not separate from him any longer.

It was truly embarrassing to admit, but deep down, Trevor missed Daren, Kanoa, and Sarah. Although, the damage they done was life threatening to all of existence of mankind, they were his friends and friends should never be left behind. Just as this sudden thought appeared in the depressed male, a distant familiar voice erupted from the shards of dark glass in the distance.

“Trevor? What are you doing here? I thought you were never coming back.” It was the dreaded voice that urged the young male to repel back to his home. It seemed as if a frog was lurched in his throat as he vacantly swept all crevices of the scene. 

Trevor gasped intrusively as he was soon met with drained ivory eyes of the former queen of Mozek. “H-Hi, Kanoa. Uhm, I just-what-well-I-I U-Uh…” The 19 year old was surely not fit to be god, for he could not stand up to his past demons.




“I’m sorry, Trevor.” Why was Kanoa apologizing so quickly? It was never expected by the man, but nothing ever was. “I made a mistake. Even gods and queens do. You had the right to know, I only prohibited this because I knew you weren’t ready for the title of a god. You’re still young. I just want you to live a normal life. You’ve never gotten the chance to live a full life.”

How could someone that hasn’t saw him in mere decades know exactly what was going on inside his head? How could she put all that he feels into words so easily? The trust Trevor had with Kanoa had depleted so quickly, yet why has his trust amplified over uncounted time?

“I’m sorry too, Kanoa. I came here, because…well, I…I feel lost. I didn’t understand all of the things that came with being a god. I feel as if my my relationship with Carver and the others have well…I don’t know. It’s strained, I guess.” 

The 72 year-old crossed her arms and gave a deep sigh inward. “What’s really wrong, Trevor?” The brunette sneered as he looked at his broken reflection on the ground. “I don’t who I am anymore.”

 Lost time

On Future Mozek, Carver searched everywhere he could for his lost friend. The 21 year-old was telepathic, he knew everything that Trevor was thinking and feeling. He knew of the lost time that Trevor yearned for, but he only did so to benefit his friend.

Some of the most beneficial outcomes, are the most painful. Carver’s friend needed time to find himself. Though, as much as knew, it hurt him even more. They needed each other, whether it was a dream or not. 

The man with pitch black hair knew where his friend went, he knew it would lead to a destructive path. Though, he had to respect the god’s decisions, but why does Trevor cause harm to himself unknowingly? It wasn’t like he could go to past Mozek now, only the god had the ability anymore to jump from world to world or universe to universe.






Carver Hadi would quickly admit this wasn’t healthy for himself either. All he wanted to do was hold Trevor in his arms once more. Could this ever be possible again? The male with charcoal hair simmered with anger and immense worry for his counterpart. 

Trevor going to past Mozek would bring out all of the boy’s past demons. Though, it had to be done soon, it wasn’t the time to do so. The 21 year-old knew for a fact that his friend was never ready to be a god, he’s merely 19 and never got the chance to live a full human life. 

What would it be like if everything in the past happened differently? Would Carver and Trevor still share a mutual bond? Would Mozek still be divided into the past and the future? Would Trevor be sincerely at peace with himself? If only he could go back to the lost time, and discourage these things from happening, then maybe all would be well with the world.

A bright golden light soon abruptly appeared right in front of Carver’s vision. The radiating vortex opened up slowly, revealing two people. Trevor and…Kanoa. “O-Oh my- Trevor! Where have you been?” It was common practice for the 21 year-old to pretend as if he didn’t see where or what happened in his mind’s eye.

The brunette had glazed eyes, appearing to be tired and worn out. “Carver, I need to talk to you…privately, please.” Trevor should know by now that nothing was private with him. “Why is Kanoa h-here? What’s going on?”

The 19 year-old tilted his head to the right, signaling for them to leave the female’s presence for a moment. The older man did as so and they walked for miles upon the blades of smoking blue grass. Carver knew all the thoughts racing within the younger male’s brain at the moment, but he wished to hear the other voice them in words of his own. 

They were soon halted to a stop in the middle of hill of red ice as the skies peaked into a shield of rainbow rays. “I can’t do this anymore.” Trevor refused eye contact with his once close friend. It broke the the man’s heart to see his lover look so broken that he couldn’t at least share much needed eye contact with him.

“Do what, dear? Are you okay? Is it something I did? I can fix this. What’s going on?” The brunette sniffled as he soon made the decision to glance into cobalt blue irises that stared intensely upon him. “I don’t want to be a god anymore. I can’t take it. I need help. It’s too much…all on my own.” 

This was when Carver grinned slightly, recognizing the thoughts he had heard within his friend’s mind finally grown their own voice. “I know. It’s going to be hard, but I can help you. That’s what I’m here for. I’m sorry I left you cold, I thought that’s what you needed to find yourself, but I realized that you do need me and I need you, Trevor.” 

Trevor was not use to hearing his name coming from the other’s lips as this jolted him into the present. “Can we…Are you…I-I brought Kanoa here. She said she’s sorry, I…uhm…” The 21 year-old’s heart leaped to find out what his friend was just about to say. 

Sure, there are many perks of being telepathic, but it does come with the frustrations of not hearing the thoughts being spoken out loud, thus never initiating what needs to be done. Carver gnawed his teeth into one another, breaking his personal rule. “Yes, we can.”

The brunette was thrown into a violent and awkward coughing fit.“Oh! I forgot!. You’re…You know…I forgot you’re…you know what I’m thinking. I can’t believe u-uh. I’m sorry! I’m so forward. I just wanted to because…well…I…” Trevor never expected for his lover to kneel on one knee and lightly clasp his fingers.

The teary and wide eyes of both companions sent a a peak of electromagnetic force through both of their spines. Carver gazed longingly up at Trevor and said the most surreal words he had ever heard come from the man’s lips. “Will you marry me, Trevor?”

 Sheepish White


Mozek’s moon, “Divinity” was set in the lonesome, kaleidoscope sky. The tune of ringing bells sounded in everyone’s mind. Two men stood, facing one another as they clasped each other’s hands. 

 The names of the two men were Carver Hadi and Trevor Fredrick. This is the sacred night in which a god will marry his Teren (guardian angel). The two men wore off-white tuxedos, both hearts pounding against the thick fabric. 



With Daren being Carver’s best man and Kalani being Trevor’s maid of honor, the wedding was almost dreamlike, yet real at the same time. Kanoa proposed the wedding vows before blessing the marriage in the name of the Lurin. The 21 year-old gulped soundly as his hands became increasingly clammy. 

“I, Carver, take you, Trevor to…to be my…husband, my partner in the afterlife and my true love. Forever will I cherish our unity and forever will I love you more each day than I ever did before. Forever will I trust you, forever will I respect you, and forever will I laugh with you, cry with you, and love you loyally through the good and the bad, regardless of the obstacles that we may face together. I give you my hand, my heart, and my love for all of eternity.”

The brunette began to emotionally tear up as he spoke of his vows to his lover. “C-Carver, with all of my love, I take you to be my husband. Forever will I love you through the joy and the sorrow. I will try my best to be understanding and to trust in you completely. Together will we face all experiences and share one another’s dreams. This is my sole promise to be your partner in a loving, honest relationship for all of eternity.”

 The two men tried desperately to maintain eye contact, yet with all of the attention of the cheering crowd, it was undoubtedly overwhelming. Kanoa grinned widely as she spoke with a soft tune. “ Do you, Carver Hadi, take Trevor Fredrick as your husband to cherish and love for all of eternity?” The male with charcoal-colored hair nodded urgently. “I do.”

 “Do you, Trevor Fredrick, take Carver Hadi as your husband to cherish and love for all of eternity?” Trevor’s heart rate exhilarated as he said the famous words. “I do.” Once the rings were traded, the two newly-weds embraced a passionate, yet soft kiss on one another. 

 Once Carver and Trevor were married, all seemed to finally click within the 19 year-old’s brain. He felt over-joyed to finally mend the once broken bond between him and his best friend. To have someone help rule Mozek was exactly what he needed at this time. To feel understood and loved by the man he cared for the most was a treasured experience that he didn’t know he could miss until he lost it. 

 



 Death of a Past

Past Mozek would be left to die in the spacious universe whilst future Mozek would be built to thrive. While all seems perfectly well in Mozek, Trevor’s brain still feels haunted by his past. He wanted to live on Earth again.

Just another chance is all he needed and wanted. Since he was a god, could he go back? The brunette huffed, crossing his arms in intense agitation of the situation. The truth is; Trevor knows merely a third of The Forbidden Knowledge.

 It wasn’t ever fair! He was a god, a king, yet he will always be the last to know anything! With his back to the rainbow-lit skies, the man jumped when a set of hands clasped onto his waist, pulling his body into the arms of his lover. 

 “What’s wrong, dear? Why do you want to go back?” Give it up to Trevor for falling in love with a telepathic person. The younger of the two was a stubborn man. He never wished to display any of his feelings to anyone, let alone a telepathic that already knew!

“Talk to me, Trevor. You don’t confine in me as much as you use to.”  The 19 year-old pouted as he pulled away from his companion. “Can life exist without me?” The older of the two roughly sighed as he lain his palm on his friend’s shoulder. “No.”

The younger man became angrier by each moment that had passed. “I want to live again!” It was obvious that Trevor had a short temper. Carver furrowed his brows and grimaced at the situation. How was he suppose to tell Trevor that if he were to live on Earth once again, that all of the occupants of Mozek would be demolished?”

“Dear…please listen. Going back could cost Mozek’s life. Mozek is held up by your very existence. I understand, but what’s gone is gone. You can’t just throw away the afterlife for your own. To live on Earth is amazing, but Mozek needs you. You’re king after all.’

 




The 19 year-old gritted his teeth. Deep down, he knew it would be a selfish act. “I don’t care.” Carver’s heart dropped as he realized the person he loves had changed dramatically after been given the crown of Mozek.

“Trevor! Do you know what you’re even saying?” Trevor glared up at his friend with a foolish smirk, before gradually drawing out dramatic tears from his eyes. “I can’t deal with this anymore! I just want to be normal. I don’t want to be king. I don’t want to be a god. I want to be a human. I want to forget my past. I want to start over new. I’m sorry, Carver, but I give up.”

 The sobbing brunette began to open a golden portal that would soon lead his back to Earth. Without Trevor’s knowledge, Carver jumped in the glittering portal after him. With this one action; Daren, Sarah, and Kalani’s very existence would be demolished.

 Reckless Arrival

The sun rose in a melancholy manner. The high-pitched chirping of birds singing in a rhythmic tune could be heard throughout the town. A 19 year-old boy lain in his basement, ashamed of everything he had just done. 

 He held his palms over his ears in an attempt to block out the manic laughter coming from his mother upstairs. Little did Trevor know that he was thrown into the dreaded past he once had. It was a sad reality, yet everything done always comes along with consequences. 

Trevor Dane Fredrick was put back into the world he once ended long ago. Deep within his soul, did he know that he was the one that caused this. Deep down, did he know that he deserved this natural act of karma.

 It was regretful to say the least, yet it only made sense to breathe in the bitter scent of punishment. “I-I-I’m a f-fuck up.” The brunette mumbled into his arm as he sniffled obtrusively. 

 There was no more Sarah. There was no more Kanoa. There was no more Mozek, even. Worst of all, there was no more Carver.




 How could he just throw away the souls of his friends so foolishly? Were the stresses of being a king so difficult that he would rather choose to give up with little to no warning? Trevor knew he was a disgrace to humanity.

 The brunette cleared his throat, wiped away his tears, and got ready for work. What this hopeless man didn’t know was that Carver still existed, somewhere, somehow. The 19 year-old sat at his desk as he answered calls and put up a facade in order to maintain his job.

 It was a day the same as any other. The atmosphere was a mix consisting of false happiness and boredom. On this dreary day, his boss came to him with a proposal of coaching a new employee. Something fragile broke on this day when he was soon met eye to eye with his past.

 The mindset that Trevor had for the four months that he had returned to his past were brighten by an angel of blue. Carver had refused to break the promise that he would be with him for all of eternity and for worse or for better. The art of true love became abundant within the two’s stare-down of disbelief.

 The taller man was the first to speak. “You can’t get rid of me.” Trevor’s heart steadily pounded against his chest bone. The monotone voice of his former lover gave him an unbearable sense of uneasiness. 

 The brunette faltered and huffed mockingly, “W-Why a-a-are y…you h-h-here?” It seemed once again, that a delicate bond broke between the two. All they were was cold to one another. From the outside looking in, it was relevant that the two could not stand each other. 

 “Because, I love you. Is it so hard to accept that I would do anything for you? What you did was terrible, but that doesn’t change the fact that I still love you…dear.” The younger man bit his lip as he trailed his watering eyes toward the floor. “U-U-Uh…let m-m-me s-show…show you a-a-around.”

 






The days and the nights passed slowly without Trevor committing to his past relationship with Carver. This broke the 21 year-old, for he hadn’t known what he had done wrong to receive nothing from his best friend. To suddenly be treated as a stranger by his former lover was worst than the Inclur. For, this was far more painful than any other torment known to man.

 On a Saturday evening, a light knock was sounded from outside of the basement door of Trevor’s house. The brunette clenched his eyelids together, expecting his mother’s voice. “It’s Carver.” The 19 year-old gasped gently before re-positioning himself on his mattress.  

 Carver opened the wooden door and cautiously walked inside. Trevor started to sweat profusely as he quickly broke his eye contact towards his friend’s chest. The 21 year-old sat on the mattress next to the panic-ridden boy. The two stared ahead with their eyes glazed over.

 “Please…talk to me, dear.” Trevor grew more uncomfortable by each second that passed. “W-W-What do…d-do I say?” The older man abruptly sighed as he shifted his body toward the other. “I want to hear your voice. I jumped in the portal after you. I saved the afterlife of Sarah, Daren, Kalani, and Agnes. They rely on Jantung. You did so much for me, there was no way I could leave you all alone.”


 The brunette’s face bloomed a deep shade of crimson. His heart beat to an alarming rhythm. His jaw clenched as he mumbled the dire words. “I-I can’t d-d-do this a-anymore.”

 As Carver grew increasingly confused by the statement, Trevor knew he had to finish what he started. “I…I can help you. What…what can’t you do?” The 19 year-old molded his hands into fists. He hated when Carve acted as if he wasn’t already reading his mind!

 “E-Everytime I l-l-look at y-y-you, I s-s-see my p-past. I-I-I can’t c-c-continue this. All…all I w-wanted was t-t-to s-start over n-new. Y-Y-You’re a-always every…everywhere I go a-a-and I-I just want to…to be a-a-alone!” The older of two gasped he heard the horrific words grow their own voice. “You don’t mean to tell me…Trevor, please don’t do this. I can’t…” 

  

Trevor was quick to initiate technicalities. “I’ll…I’ll a-a-always love y-you, like I-I said. But, I-I-I can’t h-handle b-b-being reminded…r-reminded of M-Mozek, when I g-g-gave you life. I-It’s all t-t-traumatizing. I…I j-just w-w-want to be human a-and nothing m-m-more. I’m…I’m…sorry, C-C-Carver.” 

 Carver sucked in his desperate pleas and unwelcomed tears. “If I’m that much of a burden to you, I’ll go.” Once the male with charcoal-colored hair exited the room, Trevor could not help but realize that he may have made the biggest mistake.

 Escape Artist

Crying himself to sleep, Trevor dozed off into a similar dream. A pastel mist collided with the dazed reflective mirrors. It was cold, dark even.

Mozek was destroyed by the god, himself. He fails at being a human. Why did everyone put so much faith in him that he could be king? Discovering that he was worthless was not new, for he knew since his first life born. 

 Within a holographic dream, a false picture of Carver stood. He mouthed the words that Trevor so desperately wanted to hear. “I love you.” 

 In this dream, the brunette could do anything imaginable, but it didn’t exist like it did before. He yearned to change his decision, yet it was too late. It was always too late.

 “I’m sorry.” Trevor begged to the hologram, noticing a quick glitch in the system. False Carver forgave him, but the true Carver would never be seen again.
 
 Kalani came to him in his dream. He pigtails bounced as she was soon to drown out the silence. “We need you.” The 19 year-old knew it was another lie he told to his subconscious. 

 



The girl pouted dramatically as she crossed her arms. “I came from Jantung. You can fix this.” Though, the boy would not believe anything in his own world. Mozek merely stands still within his own mind. The suffering of this would be shown through the condition of the planet.

 “You’re not real. You’re just a hologram I created for an asshole like me to feel less lonely! I’m a nuisance. There’s no end to anything!”

 The abrupt shove the girl inflicted upon the man gave him the slightest hint that maybe she was telling the truth. “Kalani?” With Trevor’s physical body sleeping on Earth, he felt more awake than ever within his dream.

 The 13 year-old prodded. “Yes, you dimwit! It’s dangerous for anyone to venture off into other universes, but here I am!” The male shuffled backward as he cringed involuntarily. “Why are you here?”

 Kalani molded her hands into fists and let out a long sigh. “Look, I’m trying to be nice. You screwed up big time, man! You’ve broken Carver’s heart, literally. Jantung is lifeless because of you and to top it all off; he’s still obsessed with a maniac like you!” 

 The man grimaced as flowing hot tears streamed down his face. “I didn’t mean it, okay? It’s stressful! You don’t know what it’s like having humanity’s fate in your own hands! I know good and well that I’ve ruined everything. I’d…I’d do anything to get it back.”

 The child smirked, crossing her arms. “Come to Jantung. There is still a chance you can make some things right.” The two then fled through an emerald Sani (portal). Throughout the brightly-lit tunnel, they arrived in Jantung. 

 Guilt Trip

Blood kissed skies and melted black grass led Trevor to repel. “Why does Jantung look so different?” Kalani urgently answered. “This is what a broken heart looks like. Since you demolished our existence, Carver saved us. Little did we know that you were going to ruin Jantung too!”

 



The man felt disturbingly guilty that he had caused all this damage to Carver’s world too. All he wanted was a break, not the end of the world. Doesn’t anybody get it? It’s tiring to be responsible for everything!


 “I know what I did. If I caused all this, I can fix all this.” The female led Trevor to a group of familiar souls, all whom were very ashamed of what he had done. Daren, Sarah, Agnes, and Kanoa stood tattered and angry. Carver was no where to be seen for miles.

 “Guys…I’m sorry. You must understand. I’m one person. I can’t do this all by myself.” Kanoa smiled with a sad tone. “You didn’t have to. This is why I ruled Mozek for so long. I knew you wouldn’t be ready this early. I don’t think you really understand who I am, Trevor.” 

 The 19 year-old bit his lip as he asked for the once forbidden information. “Who are you?” The former ruler of Mozek was pleased to answer. 

“I created everything. I created you to be a god one day. All of these people, I created to benefit you. The most significant person I created to benefit you was Carver. I built him to love you unconditionally, to give you guidance, and for you to maintain sanity. I feel that you must know this knowledge so you can fix this. Only you can fix this. Trevor.”

It was a lot to take in, but it made perfect sense. There was still forbidden knowledge that he didn’t know and that’s okay. He was in charge of fate and he needed to prove this to himself.

Could things go back to the way they were before? He had help. Trevor has the power to change the world and for this, he will do so. He wanted Carver back more than he ever wanted him before. Though in charge of Mozek, he wasn’t in charge of people.

 “Uh, where’s Carver?” Sarah shuffled her feet as she lain her palm on the king’s shoulder. “ I don’t think…you guys should converse with each other for a while, for your own sake.” Though brutally offended by the statement, the man could not help but to subconsciously agree.

 



Yet, anger took charge of the man’s actions. “I said; where…is…Carver?” The group glanced at one another, suspiciously. As the silence remained stagnant in the atmosphere, Trevor grew increasingly worried for his lost friend.

 “I’m tired of everyone hiding things from me! It’s getting old! Tell me now or I’ll… I’ll…” Daren cleared his throat before stepping closer to the 19 year-old. “He’s not in Jantung, because he’s still awake. He refuses to sleep for fear that he’ll see you again.” 

 This obliterated Trevor’s soul. To think he caused all this in the name of selfishness was too much to bear. Without any final words, the king fled through a golden Sani (portal). 

 




Dangerous Love

Carver sat at his kitchen table, drinking coffee and fighting sleep. It had been a week since he did rest. It has seem to finally take a toll on his brain. 

 A quick and obnoxious knock alerted the man out of his sudden daze. Due to his severe sleep deprivation, he knocked over the chair as he stood. After yelling obscurities to his clumsy posture, he opened the door to reveal his nightmare. 

 Trevor grinned nervously as he awkwardly waved to his former friend. “H-H-Hi, Car…ver. U-U-Uh, I-I…” The older male grimaced as he massaged his temples. “What do you want?” The brunette never thought he lived to see the day that Carver would actually be mad at him.

 “I-I-I’m s-sorry. I m-m-made a…a mistake. C-C-Can’t y-y-you f-f-forgive me?” The older of two motioned for the other to come in. They both sat at the kitchen table in a stare-down. 

 “I always forgive you, Trevor. I know it’s hard for you and you won’t ever let me help you. Have you ever thought what it’s like to be synthetically built for one sole purpose and that is, for someone else? Or, are you so full of yourself that you can’t even conceive the idea of what it’s like for me?”

 The shorter of the two gulped soundly. What Carver said hit him through the heart, because whether he wanted to admit it or not, it was true. “C-Carver…p-p-please…”

 The male with charcoal-coloured hair sighed, refusing eye contact. “Long ago, before you knew me, I knew you. When I was created, I was built with internal information about you. I knew more about you than about myself. From my brother’s DNA, I was built with one purpose. That is, to look after you. I grew obsessed with the thought of you, because that’s how my brain was built. When I first met you, I became even more obsessed with all that is you. Since you left me, it’s gotten worse. I was made with the brain of obsession and now my only purpose for you is unclear.”

 Trevor was shocked with awe. It was true, he was piece of shit for making Carver like this. “C-C-Carver, I’ll…I-I’ll do a-a-anything t-to get you…you b-back. I-I-It was a m-m-mistake I-I made in…in t-t-the m-m-moment. A-All that…that I-I am t-t-to you, y-y-you are t-to m-me. It’s n-n-not one…one-sided. I n-n-need you.”

 The older of the two glanced down at his feet, deep in thought. The 21 year-old was silent, his sleep deprivation controlled his actions. Carver abruptly lifted the other boy up by the torso and carried him into his dimly-lit bedroom. The brunette screeched in bewilderment of the sudden odd behavior of the other.


 Thrown onto the bed, the younger of the two gawked up at the other’s foggy state. Slowly tears began to excessively fall from the older male’s eyes. “Just say it already!” The other male cringed as wet tears fell on his cheek from his friend above him.

 “S-Say w-w-what? I-I’m s-s-sorry!” Trevor bit his lip as his heart beat heavily against his chest. He’s never seen his best friend so upset before.

 “Say you hate me! I know you’re thinking it, Trevor! You hate me! You hate me!” The younger man lain in shock of how crazed Carver had become. “You know I’m not thinking that! I don’t hate you!” 

 The man with jet black hair stood, digging his nails into his own arms as he paced in circles around the room. “Then, why do you torture me like this? Why can’t you…Why can’t you love me?” 



The older man sniffled abundantly as he shrieked. Trevor took a shallow breath in as he made the rash decision to stand up and catch the ranting man in a thin kiss. After violently shoving the brunette back onto the bed, the taller of the two lain his palm over his mouth and widened his bloodshot eyes in pure astonishment. “C-C-C-Carver! I-I-I said I-I’m sorry! W-W-W-What more d-do you n-n-need? I-I m-m-made y-you like t-this and I’m…I’m s-s-sorry, but please j-j-just for-forgive me! I-I-I k-k-know it w-was a dick move and I d-d-didn’t m-mean it!” 

 Carver pushed down onto the brunette’s shoulders as he soon sloppily lain kisses on the other. The two passionately, yet roughly kissed for minutes at a time. Once they both broke apart to breathe, the 21 year-old was the first to speak. “Don’t leave me. You’re all my thoughts.”






 Awakened Life
 
  After the two fell asleep on Earth, Trevor arrived in Mozek whilst Carver arrived in Jantung. There was still a thick barrier that broke the ability to venture from Jantung to Mozek. Though since Trevor was a god, he could go where he pleased. 

  It was the king’s decision to open a sparkling, golden Sani (portal) from his mind’s eye and travel to his friend’s world, Jantung. When he arrived, it wasn’t as chilling as it had been before. In fact, the temperature was lukewarm and the atmosphere was blinding. 

 Through the mountainous rein, Trevor soon found his friends conversing behind a volcano. It seemed as if all of his problems finally started to clear up.. His friends were joyful and that’s all he really wanted.

 Carver promptly noticed the brunette approaching as he held a wide grin. “Hey, dear. We were just talking about you.” As the 19 year-old made his way to face the group, he could not help but to be thrown in an anxiety- ridden pit. 

 “Yeah?” Though Agnes was not one to speak out much, she clarified the situation. “We were thinking of ways that you could reverse all of this. One in which stands out the most. That is, if you’re willing to.”

 Trevor glanced at each of his friend’s expressions, noticing that they were all teary-eyed for an unknown reason. “What…is it? I’ll do anything to change this!” This was when the group grew increasingly hopeful.

 Carver lain a cold palm on this king’s shoulder as he looked him directly into his eyes. “We’re asking for you to reincarnate us. We would like to go in the past, where you are at in your life now. Kanoa can only rejuvenate people into a brand new life to live on future Earth. Thus, our identities of the present will be lost. If you want us to return to Mozek, we can do this by way of reincarnation in the past life.”

 The brunette bit his lip as he glanced at the ground, deep in thought. “I don’t know how.” The 21 year-old beamed, proudly. “Allow us into Mozek. Just as Kanoa once did, you can do the same.”
 





 Trevor complied as he created a golden Sani (portal) with his third eye. The crystallized swirls blossomed until the group was dissolved into an electric tunnel. They traveled within this tunnel for hours or maybe even days, until they reached their destination in Mozek.

Sarah, Daren, Kalani, and Agnes lain on reflective metal beds as Kanoa guided Trevor though the hypnotizing stage. Carver watched intently as his friends were given a second life. As the king swayed a piece of white yarn back in forth, the group became progressively mellow and fatigued.

Once all had fallen into a deep slumber, the brunette clapped his hands together. This in turn ignited sparks of golden dust to drift onto Daren, Sarah, Kalani, and Agnes. “Did I do it right?” 

Kanoa and Carver both applauded with cheer. “Yes, but as Carver once said before; Daren, Sarah, Kalani, and Agnes will re-appear within their past lives, just as you have done on your own. You have the ability to go back in time and I have the ability to go forward into the future. I hope you understand this knowledge. For, you must learn more about yourself and what you are able to do if you desire to maintain the title of being the king of Mozek.”

 
 The 19 year-old nodded, endorsed in the new knowledge. “Will I still be able to see them in Mozek at night?” Kanoa snickered with a polite tune. “Yes. I will also make it available to see them on Earth as well.”

 
 With this said, the crystal-clear dream abruptly ended. Trevor soon found himself back on Earth, with his eyelids plastered together. When he awoke, he realized that he mistakenly slept until noon.

 The Knowledge of Truth

  Kanoa was not one to exist on Earth, for she merely exists within the minds of the humans she creates. For people whom believe in the ruler, she will exist. It is unknown, forbidden to know for the public to understand how and when Kanoa O’Kusky was originally created.

  It is the ruler’s duty to create humans in order to allow all of the universes to coexist properly and peacefully. It is taught to the public that Kanoa is merely a human, just as they are. Though, she is anything but. It is The Forbidden Knowledge to know the history of life.

 The Lurin is a book about Mozek and all other universes that was initially written by the Kanoa, herself. This book was made to cure human’s obsessive craving for The Forbidden Knowledge. It was bound to happen, that one day, someone would break the barrier of the truthful knowledge of The Forbidden Knowledge.

 Kalani O’Kusky, a 13 year-old girl was determined to be held captive as a ghostly figure. For, it was inevitable that one day she she could spill The Forbidden Knowledge to the public too soon. Kalani was someone just like Trevor. 
 
 She created her own universe in her head. When asleep on Earth, she would arrive in her universe called Cervello. A knowledge enthusiastic child like Kalani was bound to learn The Forbidden Knowledge. When she did learn of this truthful knowledge, death proceeded to call to her. 

 Kalani died with The Forbidden Knowledge kept to herself. Kanoa did soon realize that what she had done could potentially harm the system. For this, she accepted Kalani into the afterlife along with the ability to venture from universe to universe. The conspiracy theory that half of the public believed, had not been proven true yet. The theory goes; each human, whether it be from the heart or the brain, their fictional universe is not fictional, because it truly exists somewhere in space and time.


 The public would not be ready to learn The Forbidden Knowledge until they had reached a certain, spiritual level in life. That is, if the public slowly became accustomed to such knowledge. If all of The Forbidden Knowledge is learnt at once, the unlucky consequence will happen to that particular universe. 


 The unlucky consequences pertain to the destruction of the universe, debilitating health issues within the brain and/or heart, and the death of that person. This is why the knowledge is just that, forbidden. It is the Kanoa’s duty to protect the humans and their universes. For this, she will do anything she can, including the act of lying to cover up the knowledge that exists.

 Seeking Guidance
 
Kalani awoke from a 7 year dream. It was intense. The dream portrayed many spirits that she hadn’t even known. Perhaps they were just that, her imagination. 

 Currently, she lived in her adoptive parent’s house. Their names were Dylan O’Kusky and Kanoa O’Kusky. They were by far the most argumentative couple she’s ever known of.

 

 “Kalani! Dinner’s ready!” The brunette girl halted her journaling and proceeded to walk into the dining room. The 13 year-old was one to hide away in her bedroom for fear that she might step on parent’s toes. 

 It wasn’t long into the duration of eating until Kanoa and Dylan began to bicker with one another. It was the moment that made Kalani want to curl up and hide in a hole. She never asked to be born in this predicament!

 The routine is always the same; she gets ready, she goes to school, then she goes home and blocks herself out of the violent arguments brought on by her two guardians. The only way the child coped with the drastic situation was by way of writing. The girl’s imagination ran wild, for she could write of whatever she dreamt of.

 Kalani had all types of journals. She wrote of fiction and non-fiction. The main topics the brunette preferred to write of were about her dreams she have had and theories of what the dream could potentially mean.

True Love

 A 24 year-old with the name of Sarah Reed lived with her wife, Agnes. It was a peaceful marriage, yet the ginger was stilled haunted of thoughts from her past. These dreadful thoughts consisted of memories that pertained to her past relationship with a man named, Daren Hadi. 





 There was nothing wrong with Daren. In fact, she was treated like royalty by him. Though, Sarah knew to whom her heart truly belonged to and that is to Agnes, her childhood best friend. 

 The two had met at their elementary school long ago. The two inseparable best friends always played on the playground with one another. It was blissful memories like these that assured that what Sarah and Agnes had was that of true love.

 Agnes was nothing like Sarah, for she was brought up by two men whom served in the military prior to her birth. With long emerald locks, she was rebellious in her teen years. When she was merely 18 years-old, she moved out to live with her other half, Sarah.

 Agnes was resentful towards Daren, Sarah’s former husband. The ginger’s parents were so against a female to female relationship that she felt the need to force love upon someone else. It was truly heartbreaking and devastating to see someone she loved so dearly to be with someone else.

 In the afterlife, Agnes chose to mend the broken relationship she had with Sarah. For this, Daren suffered the consequence of someone else’s actions. Love can either bring people together or break them apart. 

 Raised Alertness

It was intensely unnerving to know that Deast was a human once again. A devil follows his victims to wherever they may go. With Kanoa being the ditsy figure she is, it was incredibly easy for the Deast to get eerily close to his oblivious victims.
  
 To have all the universes under his rule and control is what he was originally meant to be! He will take back his ownership from the Kanoa and engulf all occupants of Earth, all of the universes, and Earth itself in a blazing hell-hole called the Inclur. The narcissistic obsession of being above all is what drives this old man to proceed violence until sweet success is finally achieved! 


 Carver, Daren, and Trevor all resided in the home they all came to share in this lifetime. The trio sat on the couch as they all continued to watch a documentary about a topic that completely piked their interest. That is, one in which information was relayed from the Lurin. 

  Their light giggles of the show’s broad, yet false information was halted once an echoing knock sounded from the front door. Trevor put his hand out, signaling that he would be the one to answer to whom came over. The brunette was expecting anyone but whom was standing on the other side of the door.

  “D-D-Deast…” The 7ft man chuckled huskily at this sudden reaction from his victim. “Trevor, right?” Trevor couldn’t tell if the elder man’s attempt at being kind was sincere or false. 

 

  The silence was deafening until Deast spoke over the younger male’s destructive daydream. “I thought we could be friends, hm? I know that what I have done in the past is wrong. I’m over that now.”

Without letting Daren or Carver know whom was here, he allowed the elder man inside the house. “H-H-How d-do you t-t-think anyone u-us w-w-will trust you? I-I know t-t-that Kanoa d-does for s-some reason, b-but we’re n-not that c-crazy!” 

 The brunette’s secretive whispers were interrupted by the telepathic walking into the kitchen. Carver’s rage became unbearable when he saw the face of evil for the first time in forever. All the Deast had done to Trevor, he should be murdered for!

  The 21 year-old rushed to swiftly lay a punch upon the elder man’s jaw. Deast held up in right hand whilst he rubbed the occurring bruise with his free hand. “Ow! What the fuck was that for?” 

 Trevor bit his lip, the fearful situation alarming him. Daren was soon to run into the kitchen from the living room to find out that the Deast was right there in their house! Only did the 32 year-old know that Deast had reincarnated himself. It was to be kept a secret between Daren, Kalani, and Kanoa.

 Kanoa’s obsession with keeping secrets had crossed the line by far this time! “Leave them alone! They want nothing to do with you!” 

 
 
Extinguish
 
  The 7ft man slickly whipped out a large butcher knife from his jeans pocket and sneered wickedly at the trio. Daren, Carver, and Trevor gasped as horrified tears dared to escape their eyes. They had just been given life once again and it was already going to be taken from them!

 “Give me what I want and I’ll leave once and for all!” The brunette was the first to speak in the rigid atmosphere. “W-W-What do y-you want? J-Just leave u-us alone!” Carver furrowed his brows, greatly worried for his friend’s safety. 

 “Hand over your rule of Mozek, sugar cube. Then, I shall leave, never to be seen of again!” The two brother’s took a sharp inhale as they both pleaded to the king. “ Don’t, Trevor! He’s lying to you! 
 
 “A-And what if I-I d-don’t!” The 19 year-old dared to ask and so, he dreads the answer. Deast abruptly wrapped his muscular arms around Carver’s neck securely as he threatened the man’s life with his knife. “Say goodbye to your little friend! To the Inclure, he’ll stay for all of eternity!

 Daren was soon to erupt with overwhelming hatred of the un-welcomed demon. “You’re a fucking lunatic! Let him go! Let him go!” As the eldest of the brother’s physically fought and fought to loosen the strong hold on his sibling, Carver initiated the start of the end of his last life. 

  “Please, Trevor! Just let him take me. You can’t risk the Earth’s and Mozek’s existence for the sake of my life. I’m only one life, don’t let it be all life. Please…” How long would it take Carver to realize that Trevor care more about him than anyone or anything?

 “So, what’s it gonna be, baby doll?” Without speaking the king tried to pry the knife out of the demon’s hold to no avail. “Answer me now or I’ll take him away!” Daren watched intently of the heinous environment. Before Trevor could plead with the Deast, he vanished with Carver.
 
 Battle Field
  
 It was months and months, maybe even a year until Trevor, Daren, Kanoa, Kalani, Sarah, and Agnes came up with a plan to save Carver. The truth was; Trevor cared more about Carver than any world. This is why he will prove just that. 

 From the outside looking in, the king would be classified as a crazed lunatic for inflicting a nightmare upon himself. He had to, it was the only way to arrive in the Inclur and possibly save his best friend. Trevor wholeheartedly believed that he could accomplish what he was made to do.

 Entering the Inclur through the act of a nightmare, Trevor came to the realization that saving his friend would be even more difficult than he had thought before. The scene was pitch black with a faint stream of grey smoke. The brunette traveled through the soft, steep mold of the ground, grasping for a rare breath of clean air.

  
 It wasn’t until hours of a false time lapse that Trevor found his best friend laying in a puddle of bold blood. Carver lain, seemingly lifeless. The 19 year-old knelled down to urge the other wake to no avail. The brunette watched his friend steadily breathe though each light inhale.

 Trevor quickly opened up a golden Sani (portal) with his third eye. It was now or never to finally appreciate the role of being a god. As dreaded and expected, the Sani crept into a black surface. Deast arrived, recognized clearly by his cackling laughter. Just when the king had saw his own light that led to the bright future, it was abruptly corrupted by the Deast, himself.

 

  Daydream’s Curse

Trevor grasped securely onto Carver’s shirt as the man slept soundly throughout the whole quarrel between a daydream and a nightmare. A 7ft man with an auburn mo-hawk snickered aggressively through the short-term riddle. “I’m glad you finally decided to join in on the fun!”

 Without hesitation, the king of Mozek stood, his fists to his side, ready to blow. “I’ll make a deal with you.” The forbidden phrase alerted the demon to his wicked senses. “And, what will it be?”

 




  Trevor gazed at his bare toes that were blistering from the blazing coal he was standing atop of. The 19 year-old was knowledgeable that he was willing to put an end to his own world just for the sake of saving one life. It wasn’t just a life, however, it was Carver’s life. Carver was always there for him now matter the circumstance. So, why shouldn’t Trevor be there for him as well?

 With a cold but dry gleam in his eye, the king gave the ultimate sacrifice. “If you return Carver, Mozek is all yours.” The Deast sneered in return before he initiated a snap of his fingers in which deleted the event’s existence. “Glad you came to your senses.”

 


  It was midnight on Earth when the brunette awoke in a fit of night sweats. The nightmare was beyond intense, yet the act he had done was more terrifying than the Deast, himself! Trevor couldn’t help but to obsessively worry what about what the other’s would think of him now. The 19 year-old just gave away all of the control of his own mind in order to keep his best friend by his side.

 The brunette glanced to his right to find Carver on his bed, gawking in dead silence.”H-H-Hi…” It was all Trevor could say within the stagnant atmosphere. It seemed that maybe Carver already known what had happened in the restless nightmare.

 


 
 It was unexpected to see the 21 year-old burst into shrieking sobs. “You gave away your mind! But, why, dear? Why do you always sacrifice for others? Why can’t you see who you are?” The younger of the two smiled with a sad tone as he explained what needed to be said long ago. “You were made for me and I was made for you.” Carver was terrified of the unknown yet to come, though he knew so long as Trevor is around, the future is bright. 










 Fantasy is Reality

A 13 year-old girl grins with abundance as she lifts her pen from the page. The story she had just written is one of many that entails the narrative about a world in someone’s brain called, Mozek. Kalani O’kusky is the true creator of Mozek. With the stories she’s written and the character’s she’s invented, the conclusion is true: fantasy is reality.

The End




