




	

Musterion
The 13th Disciple
David Pollitt





Musterion
The 13th Disciple
David Pollitt





Professional Book Publishing
Nashville, Tennessee
Musterion: The 13th Disciple
Copyright © 2016 by David Pollitt
All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means: electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or any other, except for brief quotations in printed review, without the prior permission of the author.

 


Preface
    	This book has been a delight to write; but through pray and listening to my inner voice, I toned it down to cause greater respect for the Lord and His dominion. I realize that it is very humorous in spots and serious in others, but hopefully, it does not offend Christians since we are talking about a science fiction book with very Biblical characters. 
     	For those who do not know what Musterion means, it means mystery in Greek. It was Jesus in my book who asked for the time traveler who comes back from the year 2090 to meet Him that he not be called by his real name or mentioned in scriptures of any kind because he, Jacob, was a man out of place and time. He was to be called Musterion. You will see other themes that might surprise you, but I will not spoil that for you now. Hopefully, they will be a pleasant surprise. 
	I want you to imagine that if you really were a time traveler, then what would you change if you could? Would you attempt to stop Hilter or Mussolini or Stalin, Bin Laden, or Mohammed? Just think about that for a minute. What would you do if you could? The possibilities are endless. What if you could visit someone in the past. Who would it be? Would it me Einstein, Churchill, Lincoln, Rosa Parks, Sammy Davis Jr., Martin Luther King Jr., Billy Graham, Willie Mays, Muhammad Ali, or just your parents or grandparents. The list goes on. It is worth considering.
	I still believe it is best that I have done since the writing of Black Ice in 2014. My educational ventures in getting additional master’s in education have made it difficult for time to write as much as I used to, therefore, this was a great victory. I look forward to my next book. I already know the name of it The Remnant. This will be another of my end-time book. 
     

Other Books By David Pollitt
Cleft of the Rock				    	2002
(A study on the 23rd Psalm)		
Talking the Talk of the New Covenant Species   		2004
With Fear and Trembling: Walking the     		2004
Walk of the New Covenant Species			2004
Hope For Gentle Old Men-Poetry	   		2004
Christian-Based Science Fiction
End-time Series: The Maranatha Chronicles
Part I: Irish: An Angel’s Journey		    		2011
Part II: Children of the Sanctuary 	    		2011
Part III: Armageddon Darkness	                       		2011
Part IV: Day of the Dragons				2013
Part V: Nephilim Wars			            		2011
Other Science Fiction
The Noah Clan: Dark Nephilim Seeds	               		2013
Floaters							2013
Other Secular Fiction
Black Ice							2014
Other Non-Fiction: Educational and Management
Better Organizational Communication & Training	 	2009     
Preparing Excellence for the Excellent	           			2011                       


Part I
The Aristotle Notes
     There it was, and Jacob threw it in a pile with the others, at least 500, now. One a day were coming now. The same card and message. It only said, “Take care of the President and watch out for the white van,” signed Little Aristotle. Sometimes, it would say “Love, Little Aristotle.” Every so often, he would get one that said, “Before you jump, look down, for Oscar.” He went to town; and at the Internet café, they were stuck to the windows. There was that last message, “Look down, for Oscar.” 
     Jacob had to know. He walked into the Internet café and asked, “Ma’am, who asked you to put this up? What is it about?”
     The little counter lady replied quietly as if she was in a library, “Sir, it was a young lad. Good looking boy. Are you his father? He said it was for his Dad. He said it was kind of like a love note. Isn’t that sweet. He sure looked a lot like you. You must be his Dad.”
     “I don’t have any children. If he comes in again for another love note, please ask him to just call me. Don’t you think it’s better to talk than write little notes? It makes sense. Please tell him for me.”
    “Oh, Oh, well of course. Do you want to leave him a note, and we will post it on our window too?” 
     “Yes, put to Little Aristotle, leave me alone!”
     “Oh, my, now let’s not be rude. I think I will just give him your number, that’s better. Your number?” she commented not liking Jacob’s attitude at all, and he could tell; it was all over her face. 
     “Have him call the university, the history department, just 20 miles from here, Ma’am,” then he turned abruptly to leave; and then, in an afterthought, he grabbed the note from the window, wadded it up, and threw it over his shoulder almost hitting the clerk. 
     “Oh, it’s you, the Professor. We all know who you are! There is no need to be snippy about his note. Everyone knows you, the professor; the military hit man for Uncle Sam. Now, calm down and have a good day, SIR!” she commanded snapping to attention, then saluting him in firm military style. 
     He shook his head, then smiled while almost laughing, “Okay, okay, I got it. Sorry, I’ll get over it all. You just have Little Aristotle give me a call sometime. Have a chat, just a chat, nothing more, nothing less,” he commented waving a kind hand at her as he walked out.  
Presidents Day
     “I guess the President will be there, won’t he, Buddy?”
     “I guess he better. It’s his party,” Oscar stated.
     “How long has it been since we visited Arlington?” asked Jacob.
     “Too, long. Before she died, my wife used to visit the wall to see her dad’s name on it. She even took an imprint on it from time to time,” Oscar commented.
     “At least, we got front-row tickets, right? I don’t think I would go, except that I keep getting those postcards letting me know there is something I’m to do. I guess they worked, I’ll go,” Jacob replied.
    “Well, bless my soul. The man is actually going somewhere with me. Just like old times. Thanks, Bro!” Oscar shot back looking Jacob in the eyes and knowing that they knew that all this front-row courtesy was just from being ex-military officers retired, still it was a nice perk. 
     “How long have you been teaching, now? See, and they still haven’t forgotten our contribution. We get to sit between two generals,” Oscar replied.  
     “Well, I think I left the crawling around on the ground gig about twenty years ago, then of course I had to get educated. That took some time. So I guess at least 10 years.”
     “Why did you pick such a strange subject, Roman History?” asked Oscar prodding Jacob along. They had this conversation before. It was just Oscar’s way to joking with him. Jacob knew it and laughed. He couldn’t help it if Oscar retired from the service the same time as he did. He went and started a reptile store and joked about being the Lizard Man. 
Earlier that Week
     “Professor Jacob, I have the assignment. I’m sorry I’m late,” a little blonde said smiling seductively at Jacob thinking he didn’t know what she was doing, but Jacob did. Jacob remembered her from the other day. She was walking with her girlfriend when an old man in a big Ford 150 peered at her too closely. She spun around and lifted her arms into the air while her skirt lifted above her waist and the old man about wrecked cause she wasn’t wearing anything under. Jacob chuckled a little. She was just trying to use her ways just like now to get a better grade. It happened too much, but he was used to the puppy dog eyes batting at him and the swing of the hips with curling of the hair with fingers, then pulling hair into the mouth and lightly chewing on it. He chuckled again. It wouldn’t work. Seen it before and wasn’t interested. 
    “I have a lecture in five minutes. I’ll let you off this time, but don’t pull that crap on me and bat those Bambi eyes like you are working on your next conquest. I’m a little too old for that crap! Do you understand?”
     She huffed, then turned quickly around smiling that at least she had the extension, and it was worth the rebuke. She thought, “He is one tough cookie. She had heard that he was retired military, but it wasn’t that hard to imagine. He was tough looking with squared shoulders; and when his suit coat was off, his neck muscles stood up behind him like high rises She had heard that he still worked out at 60 and was still training recruits at the local post from time to time in hand-to-hand combat. She also heard he was like a special honored guest. Rumor had it that when he was active that he had over a hundred direct kills, and most of those were hand-to-hand. 
     He was so stuck in his era. He was always a welcome speaker at the military academy on hit tactics and hand-to-hand combat. Dirty and nasty was his forte, just like he liked it. If it was not bloody and messy, then he didn’t want any of it. 
     She still felt an attraction for him even at his age. She thought about it, then forgot it in an instant, thought gone. There could be worse ways to spend one’s time. He would be just another conquest. 
The Ranch
     The ranch was Jacob’s hide-a-way, his place of rest and reclusion without the interference of people, just his horses or the one he called George, after George Goble (GG). Jacob held onto his sanity at the ranch. He would look out at the spread, then wonder what else could be so beautiful other than the White Mountain grazing ranges, then that flat expanse, then high mountains pulling away at the valley flatness in ways that let him know he was alone with his animals just like he wanted, then he felt something else. He felt the pain in his stomach that kept him up at night. He rubbed his stomach briefly and wondered if anyone else knew. It was a private thing that made his aloneness so much better than he expected.
     He remembered that terrible call from the doctor, “You have cancer, Jacob. You have three months to live. You might need to get your affairs in order. This is not operable.” That was a year ago. He outlasted their educated guess, but he never did Chemo, just popped a couple of aspirin with some anti-acids and went on. 
     He pulled his reins on GG, then took him to a full gallop letting him run off all the pent-up energy from not being ridden for three weeks. GG raised his back, whinnied, then bucked slightly before setting into a dead run on a flat-plain straightaway. Jacob felt the wind around him, then the stabbing pain struck him doubling him over and while at full speed he threw up his lunch with blood spewing and dripping from his mouth as he did. He reined in GG and came to a stop, rolled out onto the ground while continuing to cough and spit. He knelt on his knees, then grabbed his stomach again. GG nuzzled down to him and blew a horse kiss towards him.   
     He patted GG’s nose tenderly, then replied simply, “I wish you and I could stay together forever, Big Guy. You have been my best friend for years. I know I have been gone a lot, but I missed you as much as a man would miss his family. You are family.”
      He stood up, then mounted again, pointing back to the ranch house. He felt such an urge to leave and go with his friend Oscar to Washington. It was important to Oscar, but he didn’t want to leave the ranch. He didn’t want to have one of his stomach episodes when he was in public. He didn’t want the embarrassment. Oscar was his best friend, actually, his only close friend. He was Puerto Rican by decent, and Jacob referred to him as his Small Tamale. He trained him as a shooter years ago, and they worked on missions at least seventy-five times over the years. He was heart broke when Jacob retired, but he was the only one Jacob confided in. He understood, so he retired too, just to be around with Jacob, just good friends, everyone needed at least one. That was what friendship meant to him. Many times, they would just sit on his front porch and in their special, personal rockers, then not say a word. 
     Just as he reached the front porch, there was Oscar rocking slowly with his feet up on the porch post pushing his foot carefully while nodding. It was hard to tell whether he was asleep at all except for the snoring. Jacob tied GG off on the post, then sneaked up to Oscar, but he woke up while Oscar fell back his rocker spilling out onto the porch floor in a roll.
     “Dag Gum, Jacob! You scared the crap out of me!” he yelled, then got himself up by pulling at the porch post, holding on while Jacob picked up the rocker, pointed to it, then went to get in his own. 
     “You deserve it; you Old Codger. Napping while I’m running GG! I bet you didn’t even fix me lunch!” he exclaimed
     “You don’t need lunch; you need a doctor; or more doctoring. I bet you aren’t even taking that medicine they gave you. I see those full bottles of medicine all over the house. I bet you are just trying to make it on your own, aren’t you?”
     “I see, so dish the old man, now. Okay, well, if you weren’t my best friend, I’d have to beat the crap out of you!”
     “That will be the day! You taught me everything you know about beating the crap out of people.” He laughed while he said it, then commented, “I noticed that you had your Bible on the front porch. You aren’t going soft on me, are you? You aren’t afraid of dying, are you? We’ve been through so much mess together as our own  hit team that I doubt you would be afraid of any dying, much less your own.”
     “I resent that. This is different. I am not afraid of dying, just bothered by how I am dying. I feel the dying eating me up on the inside all the time. I’d rather take a bullet than die this way.”
     “So you turn to the Bible for the first time. That’s convenient,” Oscar poked. 
     “Oscar, if you weren’t such a friend, I’d shoot you right now where you sit. I was fourteen; and at one of those Ashrams when I heard E. Stanley Jones preach. I became a Christian that night. I have never forgotten that. Now, you let me alone to read my Bible any time I want. After all, I teach Roman history, and Jesus is all over that stuff, don’t you know?” 
     “Okay, a Christian who turns into one of the greatest military hit men in existence wants to read a Bible. Okay, I’m good with that.”
     “Okay, okay, now tell me about this Washington trip of yours?” Jacob asked as he moved quickly into the house and back out again with two glasses of tea in his hands.
     “It’s my sister. My wife used to, now my sister goes to the monument and takes an imprint of where her Grandfather died in Viet Nam, then saves it. She does this every ten years like clockwork. She isn’t feeling well, so I volunteered. Anyway, the President is there. He is giving his annual speech. You know that. With our credentials, I got us a seat right up front. Can you imagine?”
     “I never even voted for the man.”
     “That has nothing to do with it. She did, and she is going to ask me if I went and want to know all about it. If I have to suffer, you have to suffer. Isn’t that what friends are for, right?”
     Oscar looked strangely at Jacob, then thought he was turning almost blue, certainly gray as Jacob grabbed his stomach and ran back into the house for the bathroom. Oscar could hear him all the way out to the porch.
     Oscar got up and picked up a bottle of pills for indigestion, then opened the bathroom door and threw them in at Jacob while he worshipped the porcelain god and moaned with blood dripping from his mouth while waving Oscar away: a please-leave-me-alone wave.
     Oscar went out to sit in his rocker again, then Jacob came out white as a ghost, his color pale and pasty. “Let’s go to Washington, my old friend. Can’t let you get in trouble with your sister, right?”
Jacob
     Jacob was taller than almost all of the officer candidates at West Point. He certainly couldn’t be a pilot. They looked for smaller volunteers than he. He had almost too erect stance, but it was obvious even with his hair cut military short that he was blonde, certainly blue eyed, then he had that natural swimmer’s body. He even placed high on the Army swim team as a backstroker in spite of wanting to be the breaststroker. He had one thing no other candidates had, a natural instinct to notice differences. They call these people mismatchers. He could see things out of place and odd. He found errors and faults in things no one else could see. On a military mission, it was his mismatching that noticed when things were wrong before they happened. It saved a lot of lives, especially his. He knew just when to pull back rather than rush forward. He also noticed the same things when he used his martial arts training. He seemed to know exactly what someone was going to do before they did it. He was called psychic among other things, but it was the way he looked at the world. Not especially good for relationships, since he always noticed the bad and few of the good, then always noticed the errors in others. That is not what a date or a relationship wanted. It drove his teachers crazy. He would find mistakes in their tests, in their syllabuses, in their assignments, and was not shy about pointing them out. His nickname for quite some time was Mr. Wrong because he always noticed what was wrong before finding anything that was right.  
     It was his looks that gave him an edge when working overseas in the rurals, blending, he called it. His father was a Kurd from Afghanistan, and his mother was British. His blonde hair and dark tanned skin didn’t go well together, but it helped on missions because he seldom sunburned just got darker, then his rough beard when he did grow it was large and bushy almost alien from the world of the clean-cut military he lived with for so long. He always wore an oversized hat that he pulled way down around his neck to try to hide the blonde in his hair when he was younger, then it just turned white later, and that was okay. Who could fault white hair? He grew a pony tail after retirement, something of throwback to when he was 16, just a little hook into the past that he laughed at when he saw himself in a mirror.  
     Oscar turned to Jacob having caught himself too far back and almost rocking over backward, “I’m asking this again, so don’t get pissed. Why didn’t you ever marry, Old Man? You certainly had the opportunities with what little I knew.”
     “Yes, you are right. You shouldn’t have asked. You know the answer. I like their company, but not enough to have them around me all the time. I like my alone time, you know that.”
     “I suppose, but sometimes people just need other people around.”
     “Okay, well let me turn this around; what about you? After your wife died so many years ago, why didn’t you remarry? I’ve never asked even though you wondered why I didn’t.”
     “Oh that’s easy, I’m way too old and way too ugly to boot. I would rather buy a new dog than put up with someone trying to figure me out all over again when I haven’t figured me out yet.”
     “Well, I’m the same way, Old Friend. Two pees in a pod, I’d say. Don’t you miss not crawling around in mud waiting on the next target to line up just perfectly so you can go home, take a shower and go do it again?”
     “Oh yeah, I really miss that, I really do,” he commented sarcastically. They both looked at each other, then chuckled with their own inside jokes. They knew exactly why they were the way they were. 
     “Let’s go ride. I don’t think that GG really got enough of a workout,” Jacob commented, then heard GG whinny from hearing his name. 
     “I’m down on that, Old Goat!” stated Oscar pulling himself up in a struggle while hearing his knees pop and creak. Oscar made his way to the barn to saddle up Lucy. He looked over his shoulder at Jacob, then noticed him grab his stomach while falling to the ground moaning again.
Homeland Security
     “Agent Scott, we have some rumbling going on out there. It’s just a lot of buzz. It seems to be about a white van and a load of Yemenis or Somalis or both. We can’t verify; we can’t nail down anything. Nothing is definite. We have contacted every source in our inventory. Now, we got the President’s speech coming up.”
     “Bradford, you are fussing over chatter, and it is not helpful. It is just not helpful. Get in touch with your source, Selah, and see what he has, then get in touch with our Saudi contacts, coordinate everything with our screeners. I need to have everything.”
     “What shall we report to the Whitehouse?”
     “Nothing, not until we are sure. Chatter is not confirmation. Exactly, how many white vans do you really think exist in our Nation, in Washington, in Virginia, My God, we are surrounded with white vans?!”
     “Agent Scott, we can’t take chances. We have ten days before his speech.”  
     “I will hold off the Washington report for five days until we find out more. Just five days. Just five days. He speaks in ten.”
     Both nodded and pointed to a stack of notes and another to a map of the Washington speech stage pinpointing locations of strategically placed guards and security. Scrawled on the wall in a marker was, “Find that white van.” Then, just beside the note was another, “What if they change the color?”
Washington
     Oscar and Jacob looked like two out-of-place old men in a crowd of so many young patriots. There were more small American flags in hands flying per square inch than at a flag manufacturer. The star- spangled hats were just as prevalent, just as too much, and both Oscar and Jacob felt uncomfortable as they approached the security perimeter that looked skeptically as these two old men walked uncomfortably towards them. With so many coming, it was hard for them to check everyone, but they shrugged their shoulders, then kept pushing and funneling those they could into something orderly including Oscar and Jacob. 
     “I feel like I’m being herded into slaughter pen!” stated Jacob. 
     “No kidding, I’ve never seen so many people in my life. I feel suffocated by them,” answered Oscar. 
     “Let’s just get to the front row like our invitations,” Oscar stated while pointing to the invitation, then watched an officer nod and point them to the front-row guest bench. 
     “We are on our way,” replied Oscar.
     “You aren’t even Democrat, are you, Jacob?” asked Oscar sarcastically.
     “Never voted in my life, can’t imagine how it makes a difference anyway,” he laughed. 
     “Well, we are both here because we were great at what we did good at, right?” stated Oscar while looking Jacob flinch and his mouth twitch a little. It was something that he always did instinctively. Just a little twitch to his mouth pulling to the right when something, anything bothered him. 
     “I see, so I get favored because we know how to kill people, right? The good old soldiers?” Jacob said, then Oscar realized that what he said was too close to home. Everything they did and had done was about killing. It was so simple, but the memories went deep. Actually, they were so good at what they did because they did love to do what they did. It was part of their DNA, their whole person was wrapped up in being soldiers. Doing what they knew how to do best, even training others to do the same.
     “Why don’t we just leave it as ‘good ole’ soldiers, okay?” replied Oscar. 
     “Sir, you may go sit down, now. It is a pleasure helping you, Sir. My father served with you, Colonel Manson. He talked about you a lot. Please, take a seat,” he stated as he motioned to Jacob and several seats in the front row. 
     “Hey, Jacob, look at the way those security guards swarmed that white van back there?” noted Oscar while looking back at a clear shot almost two blocks away. A white van had pulled up only a few blocks from the guarded perimeter of the White House. Several military guards pointed to it, then Jacob noticed the attention too. 
     “I think that the van is getting too much attention. You know, that makes me nervous. I have a funny feeling about the van. I think I’d like to get out of here. I really got a bad feeling. Well, it looks like the guards are checking it out anyway, but I still have a bad feeling,” Jacob warned Oscar. 
     Oscar started getting one of those feelings too. He looked around to see if there was any place they could go. Nothing. Just a stage of wood and cardboard, then too many people. Way too many people.
     “You really are in observation mode, aren’t you? Do you ever forget you military training?” stated Jacob, but he was guilty of doing the same thing. 
     “Not really, it was my job to notice things, then train others to do the same. It’s kind of hard to get it out of my blood.”
    “You’ve been away from the training academy for years haven’t you, Jacob?” asked Oscar, knowing the answer, but hoping the conversation would make his bad feelings any less, but it didn’t.
     “Yes, but you never forget. Haven’t lost the tone, keep in shape, don’t I?” answered Jacob still looking back over his shoulder at the white van.  
     “That is an understatement. You put most 20-year-olds to shame.”
     “Thanks for the compliment coming from an old man yourself. I just enjoyed watching the young kids trying to learn. I knew that there wasn’t a war going on, but it was nice seeing kids getting so excited about wanting to learn our techniques. That sounds strange, doesn’t it?”
     Oscar looked back one more time at the white van as Whitehouse guards moved cautiously towards it. Jacob and Oscar walked closer to the speech podium moving with some difficulty between those in the crowd while just trying to get to their seats. He saw security talking to the driver, then there was a moment of confusion; but by then, Oscar and Jacob were only ten feet of the stage. The security came in official order surrounding the stage and viewing the crowd. There must have been thirty of them, the suits, the viewing and observing, always observing. Several noticed Jacob and gave an acknowledging nod to their old trainer. It was comforting to Jacob, and he smiled back with a nod. His work, his handiwork made them ready for this, and he knew it. 
     Oscar poked Jacob in his back, and Jacob turned back to him, then Oscar pointed to the white van again. There seemed to be an argument between two officers leaning into the van, then Jacob noticed the hands and arms of the driver motioning emotionally in protest. One officer leaned through the window and pulled back suddenly while pulling away from the van and dragging at his partner to back way. Jacob noticed the instant change in the security, then knew what was happening, or better what was going to happen. Security swarmed the perimeter pointing together at the van. There was trouble, and almost as on instinct, Jacob looked around to see where the President was. There he came for just a moment at the same time his security team swarmed him. He knew something was about to happen. He was putting two plus two and remembering the post cards. He also remembered the note about Oscar. He saw a large cable container embedded in the ground in front of him. He reached for the handle while reaching for Oscar like picking up a small pup by the back of his neck practically strangling him, then threw him hard into it and slammed the lid. Oscar was shouting at him to stop when the President who was sheltered by his men were trying to pull him away from the stage. The President fell and stumbled off the stage by missing a step, then fell directly in front of Jacob. He grabbed the President and rolled on top of him while security rolled on top of him. He could feel the weight of the large men pinning he and the President to the ground.  The explosion was shattering lifting the crowd into the air and throwing them, some fifty feet, then others as much as 100 feet with flames pushing it in a wave of the explosion with white van parts along with folded chairs, ball caps while the stage lifted up into the air, pushing it all against the White House columns, blowing out the windows and shattering the ear drums of those in the crowd over a mile away. Jacob heard Oscar shouting from under that President, then felt the heat of the President’s guards covering him as they burst into flames and dissolved burning to ashes, but their flames caught Jacob on fire too, and he felt the heat searing him as he laid on top of the President. 
     The President moaned slightly, then whispered to Jacob, “Are we alive?”
     Jacob answered in his pain, “Barely.”
     Oscar was yelling at them both, “Would someone get me out of here. I’m burning up. Come on, guys, get me out!”
     Jacob rolled away from the President as the President carefully pushed himself off the ground and rolled four or five times to get away from the still burning guards who has sacrificed their lives for him. By now, he only saw their burning pieces left. He couldn’t have identified any of them even if he had tried. 
     It took just a second as Oscar pushed open the metal lid to see Jacob, then the realization of what happened, and his eyes went wide, “You’re on fire, Jacob!”
     Jacob was smoldering from his back, but it had burst into flames.     
Jacob screamed in the pain and heat, then tore his shirt off feeling it melting his clothes into his flesh of his back while his back skin was dripping off his shoulders. Still, he was able to stand and jerked flaming clothes off him best he could with skin attached, then dived back to the ground and rolled in the nearby burnt grass to put out more of it. Oscar ran to him and rolled him on his stomach to take the weight off his back. What he saw made him sick. 
     Oscar started screaming, “Medic! Medic! We need the burn unit! Medic!” Suddenly, Oscar realized something, “We have the President! We have the President! Medic! Medic!”
     That’s all it took while medics literally dropped some of those they were helping and ran toward Oscar. It worked. There were so many medics that Jacob and the President got scooped up in the help. 
     Jacob asked through his pain, “Did I lose my tattoo on that one?”
     Oscar, with tears running down his face, commented, “Actually it looks better. Only the wolf’s eyes and teeth are left. Nice effect, very nice effect. Couldn’t have planned it any better than if we tried.” Jacob smiled then passed out. 
     The President had finally lifted himself off the ground, then pulled his hands back in pain from the scorched dirt around him seeing only burnt carcasses all around him. 
     The President yelled back towards Jacob and Oscar as Jacob was being carried out on stretcher with Oscar walking beside him, “I will take care of you, Sir! Don’t worry! I will take care of you! Thank you! Thank you so much. You saved the President’s life!”
     Oscar noticed the firemen and emergency crews helping survivors; some with no arms; some with half their faces brunt off barely moving struggling to even get up off the ground with emergency staffs pulling bodies off the ground while throwing matching body parts into associated baskets. They wouldn’t let Oscar ride with him. No room with all the victims. Still, Oscar walked through the mayhem, then made a straight line for where his car used to be. All he found was the burnt shell and smoking tires. He turned almost robotic, then turned to see Army officers running towards him, pointing at him while they did.
     “That’s him. That’s the guy! That’s the guy’s friend who saved the President! He knows who that guy is! Get him! Someone help him!” they yelled as two emergency crew lifted him off the ground between them and pulled him toward another ambulance while supporting him as he sank suddenly to his knees and passed out. He hadn’t realized that his shoes had been too close to one part of the unprotected metal cover and been burnt off letting him walk on burning embers barefoot, not even noticing the pain. 
The News Question?
     “How many?” asked the newscaster scanning the used-to-be crowd now only shambles, brunt ground, charred bodies and body parts. 
     Another newscaster stated simple, “Everyone, I think. I am looking only out from this side, but there isn’t any one for a least the next half mile; it all looks flattened and charred. It was a white van. Middle eastern, all of them, every single one of them.” 
     “Does it really matter anymore? Who cares who they were? We didn’t stop them. That’s what really matters. There will always be someone out there who will try if we let them. We let them. That is what matters most. We just let them, and they did it, didn’t they?” 
     A lady reporter wiping tears from her eyes commented, “The Whitehouse said they have been identified from Yemen. They know where they are from. The Whitehouse is talking about strategic, surgical nukes. Just the word nukes has the enemy camps running for cover. The borders are closed, and our military has moved into place blocking anyone from leaving the terrorist territory. They can’t escape. They are only letting woman and children leave the target territory. The UN is really upset about collateral damage, but Russia has given the nod along with China. In fact, Russia has offered to participate if asked. I guess they want to try out their newest and best. Other Middle Eastern countries are remaining very quiet. I guess they just don’t want to be next. Don’t want to poke that dog right now. Once we use nukes, the world knows that we are heading down a long hard road and no one wants to go there. In fact, Russia has already decreed if the United States does this that they too will feel free to do the same in some of their conflicts.”
     The other newscaster answered quietly, “Yes, you’re right. No one wanted to go there, until now,” then walked away, got in his news van and drove away. Some things were just too bad to cover, way too bad.


The Gift
     The hospital was full of burnt bodies: those dying and those who wanted to die. It was overwhelming to everyone, but Jacob laid on his stomach while they repeatedly came to treat him and take him to the burn baths. Years ago he had large tattoos put on his chest and back of snarling wolves. That’s what he was asking Oscar about. They completely covered him front and back. He was sometimes referred to as The Wolf because of it. It was kind of a joke with him, but he liked the metaphor anyway. Just like Oscar said, all that remained of the wolf on his back were the glowing eyes and snarling teeth. It made for an eerie sight. The drugs they gave him kept him out most of the time. It was for his own benefit, they said. They even took him to the burn baths regardless of whether he was completely conscious or not. He could hear them talking about him, then he heard that even the President came by to see him. They said the President called him a hero. If he had been conscious, he would have told them that he was at the right or wrong place at the right or wrong time. He didn’t feel that lucky right now. He did hear that he was going to be well enough to be turned in his bed within the next two weeks. In fact, the President had specialists on call that sat in his room and watched over him working in shifts including special security 24-hours a day. Every once in a while when he came to, he felt the searing pain of his burns through the medicine, then he would look them directly in their eyes and nod with a little smile as a thank you, knowing they were there for him. It was something he felt. He spotted the federal badges even on the nurses, then knew he absolutely knew that the President was involved. 
     One officer stated simple, “You know, the President wants to give you a medal. Actually, he wants to give you the farm for saving him. You both were two lucky people.”
     Jacob would answer before passing out again, “I don’t feel so lucky right now. I bet my wolf doesn’t either.”
     They knew what he meant, but nodded while pushing his medicine button again and watching Jacob slip back to sleep. 
Two Months Later
     Jacob was rolling over now and sleeping on his side. He was healing fast and was able to wear a soft-cotton T-shirt that was three sizes too large and draped over him like a tent. The Presidential visitors had moved away a little only becoming occasional now. At least, he could fart in peace. 
     A young doctor came to visit, “You know Jacob, if you hadn’t been in such good shape, you wouldn’t have been able to make it this far. I don’t think I’ve never met someone your age with conditioning as you. Your upper torso looks like a roadmap from all your training and workouts. That will keep you young. It certainly gave you an edge.”
     The doctor lifted Jacob’s shirt and inspected him slightly prodding at his back. “Doctor, I didn’t think my shape had anything to do with a burn. A burn is a burn.”
     “Oh you had more damage than that. You had internal organs and muscles that had been bruised and some ruptured. We had to operate and repair you spleen and take care of two broken arms, a broken collar bone, and a shattered hip bone. The explosion blasted you pretty hard. You were so lucky. You are one tough old bird. Of course, we know one thing that we couldn’t touch, your cancer. Why haven’t you had Chemo? You are in the very advanced stages, aren’t you? Has your doctor given you a time frame yet?”
     “I guess my conditioning really finally paid off.  I could always out do anyone else no matter what age they were. I haven’t seen Oscar. How is he doing? I don’t know why, but the last thing I remember about Oscar were that his shoes were on fire. Isn’t that silly?”
     The doctor commented, “His shoes were on fire. They melted right off his feet. He is here in the hospital being treated. He should be able to walk again in another three months. He’s always asking about you. I’ll give him your regards. He tells us that you saved his life by throwing him the cable container. That was some smart move. It was like you were ready for it. We saw some video of it. I’ve never seen anyone move so fast. The way you were able to manhandle him into it before the explosion was unbelievable. Good job!”
     “Hey, who is taking care of my farm and GG?” Jacob asked in a moment of alarm.
     “You have plenty of help from the Feds on that. There is a whole crew out there taking care of everything including GG and Lucy.”
     “Great! Yes, I had three months to live a year ago. In fact, I don’t know why I haven’t coughed up my lungs since being here. I guess you have been treating it with inhibitors and drugs, right? I bet the President is even given your permission to use some experimental stuff, right?”
     “Actually, those drugs that you spoke about won’t be out in open market for years, but yes, the President gave specific permission for us to treat you. You have probably have been given an extra six months, and your cancer is now in remission. You should be thankful, but some of the treatment you could have had anyway; you just weren’t. Stubborn old man, aren’t you?”
     “Okay, okay, I’m grateful, I’m grateful, but I will be far more grateful when I get back to the ranch,” answered Jacob. 
     “You just relax. You will be out of here in three more months with just some light bandages, but you will need a nurse to go home with you. What do you think about that?” the doctor laughed when he said it while watching Jacob’s surprised face. 
     “Hmmm. I just might like that,” commented Jacob thinking of a pretty young girl. 
     “I will be sure to tell him that,” he laughed again watching Jacob frown.
     “You know, on second thought, don’t bother. I think I might like to take care of myself. Or, just leave me here until I can take care of myself. An extra couple weeks or so won’t make that much difference. I’m not too good with company.”
     “Well, we will just have to keep you an extra three or four weeks if you don’t want a nurse. If that is what you want, then we will make it happen,” laughed the doctor while waving at him as he was leaving. 
The Politics of War
     As Jacob got better, the politics of war did not. A major Muslim alliance was protesting the use of potential nukes by the United States and calling on peace. Still, the terrorist did not want the peace, but they certainly did not want the nukes. Several Muslim countries who had been designated terrorist centered had warned that if the United States nuked the terrorist in Yemen that they would form a cohesive and collaborative attack on Israel. 
     The President put it more bluntly, “Any attack on Israel is an attack on us. We will not be reluctant to use our nuclear arsenal against any and all the enemies of Israel as if you are enemies of us. Let’s face it. You may think we would not because you are nuclear capable, but we will bet our thousands of missiles against any of your few any day and at any time. You will cease to exist, and yes, as some might say this will turn your countries into glass-glazed parking lots for the next 100 years. Good luck with that.”
     The point was well taken, then again the Middle East remained quieter while the Muslim alliance in the United States became far more adversarial. There were at least a dozen attacks against nuclear plants within six months of the President’s announcement. To the American Muslims, the President’s announcement was a declaration of war against Muslims and their way of life, and it was. There was not a day that went by that the government did not arrest Muslims for potential attacks. There were separate facilities designed to house the Muslim prisoners, then new laws provided federally mandated executions for those involved in terrorist plots whether they were carried out or not. It was war. Jacob watched it all on the news, and it angered him so much that he wished he was back in the field again with Oscar doing what they were so good at. 
Doctor Time Flyer
     It was almost time for Jacob to leave and go home to the ranch. He had to watch out that he did not flex his back muscles too much; but from view, his scars were all but healed. He changed slowly into a part of jeans and another big oversized shirt, then noticed someone had brought his worn-out cowboy boots all cleaned up. He laughed and was grateful for the forethought. Last time he saw them he had been tramping through horse dung and hadn’t cleaned them yet. 
     He spoke to himself, “Nice move, guys. Good going.”
     It felt good to stand, then with wobbly legs, he leaned carefully on the back of a hospital chair. The nurse knocked on the door, “You dressed and decent yet, Jacob? I heard Oscar is up today too. Do want a visit?”
     “Sure, I’m ready. Take me to the Lizard Man,” he laughed watching her squint up her eyes in misunderstanding, then turning about as he slowly followed and caught him staring at her butt, then winked at him and took him by the arm. 
     “I see you are already better. I hoped you liked the view. You know I can appreciate a man with good taste. So, come on Grandpa with good taste,” she smiled and laughed at the same time. 
     Jacob answered, “Dirty old men. Caught me.”
     Oscar had just finished dressing. He put his feet tenderly to the floor, just testing. He was still nervous about putting his full weight on them even though the doctors said he was okay now. He ended up losing a couple toes on the right foot and part of his left heal. Still, he felt far better than he did. He had tried walking two weeks ago and kept losing his balance so he asked for a cane. The cane was one that a kid in another room had left with a little ivory skull on top of the handle.
     “Cute,” he said to himself. Knowing what he used to do for a living: appropriate. 
     Jacob stuck his head in the door, “Hey, Old Buzzard. You able to walk on those tiny feet of yours?”
     “Hey, hey, Old Man! You seem to better than the last time I saw you with those wolf eyes staring me down. Did you keep them? I didn’t know if they could salvage those. They sure looked cool.”
     “Oh, yeah, kept them. Rather not be cool, rather have my back skin back,” Jacob solemnly.
     Oscar noticed, the replied, “Sorry, Old Man. Hey, what made you throw me in that cable box?”
     “Oh, a note from that boy called Little Aristotle. He wrote that I needed to protect the President and look for the white van, then to save you by being very observant and look down. I thought the notes were a joke. Now, I know they were a warning. I don’t know who this person is, but I wouldn’t have been smart enough to look for some place to put you if I hadn’t got the notes. It just all came together very fast. Sorry about that hard throw-down. I bet that hurt when you landed.”
     “Well, I don’t know who Little Aristotle is, but I thank him for the warning anyway. Maybe, one day we will find out about him. Yes, that was one hard landing,” answered Oscar. 
     A nurse came running into the room, “Jacob, the President is here to see you. Come, fast. He is in your room.”
     “Let’s go Oscar. Let’s go see the President,” answered Jacob.
     “Oh, no, he only wants to you to come. He was very specific,” she replied. 
     “It’s okay, Jacob. I want to just go down stairs and get some air. You, know, if you don’t mind, I’d like for them to take me out to the ranch and wait for you there. How’s that?” replied Oscar. 
     “A plan, now let me see what this President wants,” he answered while some of the President’s security detail showed up and walked him to his room. 
     As he came into the room, it was with some fanfare and a couple cameras video-taping the event. It was as if it was a Presidential commercial. Security quartered off the whole section of the hospital just for him. The guards entered the hospital room before the President and with Jacob. If Jacob hadn’t been told that that they were the President’s security, he would had immediately gone into combat mode regardless of his condition. No one surprises him that way, and they could see it in his eyes and the way he braced himself. They knew enough about him that they kept their distance for a moment.
     Some of the security out in the hall spoke about him, “He is The Wolf. Do you know what he did for years for us? He was the best. There was no better killing machine than him. Of course, when Oscar worked with him, they were the best team we ever had.”
     Another commented, “I was trained by those guys years ago. They knew their stuff. I watched a display that The Wolf gave where five experienced fighters went at him at once. You would have thought he was superman. He took them down so fast that it shocked me. He did it with just his hands and feet and unbelievable moves. They were armed with knives and clubs, but he didn’t care. It is no wonder that he has so many kills to his name.”
     “You shouldn’t talk about kills like that. It makes him sound like a hitman, a murderer,” another agent spoke. 
     “Hey, it is what it is. The only thing that makes the difference between murderer and not is the uniform and the orders” another agent commented. 
     “You know, that is just a little too simplistic,” replied a nurse, over hearing them talk about it in the hospital hall. The President heard some of it and frowned too. He motioned for them to keep quiet with a down-hand movement. 
     “Well, Jacob, you look like ten miles of bad road, but for a reason, right?” commented the President. 
    “Yes, for a reason,” he replied while still keeping watch at the agents surrounding the President until the President waved them away for privacy. 
     “I have brought someone who might help me give you the gift that I promised. Well, that is, if you think it would be fun, but we thought it would. Bring Doctor Ely in, please.”
     “Dr. Ely, you mean Dr. Time Flyer, don’t you?” commented Jacob knowing about Dr. Ely and his time-traveling science. He also thought he was a little too eccentric with opinions about free speech and Democracy that did not quite jell with what he thought the founding fathers would like. 
     “Oh, you follow scientific news; good for you,” the President replied watching Jacob’s face flinch strangely. 
        “No, how about following scientist who are nuts,” he replied back, watching Dr. Ely’s face flinch this time. Oh, instead of giving me a Caribbean cruise, you are offering me a time-travel trip somewhere of my choice, for fun, my last and final journey, last man’s wish before he dies. Nice, Oh well, I accept. So what do you want me to say; how far back are we able to go? I know we can’t go forward from this time. Not that good yet. Not at least from a current date. Now, Dr. Time Flyer may not be a nut, but his wife is. If I’m not mistaken, she is the director of the Muslim Liberation Party (MLP) part of the Muslim alliance raising hell about the nuke ideas and discrimination against Muslims, right? Now, if I am not mistaken MLP supports the use of violence in protecting the rights of both moderate and jihadist Muslims in America. Did I get that right, Doctor?”
     Dr. Ely flinched hard and clenched his fist at the assault. His wife was a handful, and her extremist views made it very difficult for him to easily communicate with others who were Christians and moderate of any kind. 
     He very calmly stated while keeping his fist clinched tight, “Eventually, Jacob, the future, but we have been able to go back almost 2000 or 3000 years without scrambling a traveler’s brains too much. Anything back that far you want to go see or look at?” asked Dr. Ely   
     “Tell me, Dr. Time Flyer, what does your wife think about this back of mine that is brunt to a crisp with her MLP faction? Forget it! I know what she thinks so keep her away from me. Now, what happened with exact; almost? Wow, you guys really know how to catch someone off guard!” he answered simply, then hesitated a second while rubbing his face in his hands, one of his particular habits, then put his hand over his stomach and rubbed it slightly. 
     “You do have somewhere you want to go, don’t you?” asked the President. “This is great! I knew this was a good gift!” 
     “It depends,” answered Jacob. 
     “It depends on what?” asked Dr. Ely.
     “I depends on what I can take and if I will have access to my own food, not what they eat. I mean I also want to wear my own clothes; the heck with what they wear.”
     “Don’t you want to blend and just observe?” asked the President.
     “No, I don’t plan on being there that long. Just have someone I want to meet, then come right back,” replied Jacob.
     “Well, we now have ways to give you portals to transport goods and supplies. So, if you really wanted to have Kentucky Fried Chicken or Pizza, we could do it.”
     “If I needed to stay somewhere on my own, not in one of their houses, not in a hut, not in a cave; would I have place to stay, like a modern tent with air conditioning and plumbing?”
     The President felt he needed to defend what the time travel gift was really about. “You really want to have it all, don’t you? Of course, we now have technology that allows you to open the portals to move goods between our times like I said. In fact, you could come far enough to use different benefits and services. Let’s say you are stuck somewhere were the people of that time don’t take showers, but you could. We would provide you an in-between portal that gives you complete bathroom and shower privileges. You are not the only person who has asked for such things. We are far more sophisticated than we used to be. It is like taking a flight on first class. That’s why millionaires pay so much for this, and you are being given it as a free gift. I hope you understand that.”
     “So, who do you want to meet?” asked the Dr. Ely.
     “Jesus. And I want to take my horse GG with me, and I want to wear my boots and blue jeans. I want access to full bathroom suite with showers a toilet and full food access with all my favorites, hamburgers, pizza, and hoagies, and diet coke. I am just visiting, and I promise not mess anything up. Just like you are talking about. I want to fly first class.”
     “Jesus, Oh My God! This is crazy! For your cancer, right?” asked the President.
     “Yes, for my cancer,” answered Jacob.
     “When do you want to go?” asked Doctor Ely.
     “As soon as possible. I’m taking my 45’s in my leather holsters. I mean I am going in style.”
     “You will scare the crap out of those people in Jerusalem,” stated the President.
     “I doubt anything I do will scare Jesus. Still, I will be just one of the many foreigners who come to the Holy Land. Remember, I teach Roman history. There are so many different and varied foreigners from every nation and tribe flowing through their gates that one more strange looking white man won’t make a difference. Trust me.”
     “You will have to contend with the Romans. You must be considered a free man to move about not bothered. I do have an idea,” replied the President. 
     “I’m all open for ideas,” answered Jacob rather enjoying the little drama he was making. 
     “There was this man called General Gauis who gave gentile conscription soldiers their freedom after they killed 1000 Roman enemies. His conscriptor-1000s took on a mark or brand with every one thousand they killed. They volunteered for military slavery, then were set free, then volunteered again. The money was good. Let’s make you a conscriptor-1000, but you would take on brand like a tattoo. Are you sure you can handle the pain of those brands? You know those can be painful,” commented the President. 
      Jacob lifted his T-shirt to show he was covered with the wolf tattoo, then asked, “I don’t mind pain. Where did you learn about all that?” 
     “I read your book, Romans and the Conscriptor Cult,” answered the President. “That was only one of five books and 100 white papers you wrote on Roman history.”
     “Okay, so I will give you an A; you did well, and I actually like the idea. Good work!” answered Jacob actually getting excited at the possibilities. “Now, let’s raise the ante. There was one conscriptor who was a Conscriptor 5000. I want to be him. His Greek nickname was Pygmachia or ‘Fists.’ It was because he was known for using his fists as much as his sword. That would fit me very well according to my own reputation. I want the Romans completely on my side!! I want them to step aside when I move through the crowd. I mean it! I am not going to make enemies of these guys. Brand me! One on both arms, each forearm then one on each shoulder then let’s put one right above the wolf’s head on my chest. I mean it! Brand me! Now, why in the world do you know so much about all this Roman history other than my books and stuff?”
     “Oh, Jacob, I was an ancient history professor for years at Dartmouth before getting into politics. Don’t you remember?” answered the President. 
     “I don’t follow politics very much, sorry,” replied Jacob, almost regretfully. 
     Dr. Ely stepped into interrupt, “I want you to know that the last ones who went over did so without the advantage of our direct connection transfer options like you will have. Sounds fancy, but it means that once they were there that they were on their own. No food, no help, just find a way to get back as fast as possible. We had someone who went to Egypt before the time of Christ. What a mess that was. They never made it back. I’m afraid that it took about ten tries before we realized that we had to make every caution to protect those who went.”
     “What happened to them all?” asked Jacob.
     “They didn’t speak the language. They didn’t know the customs; they crossed the wrong people; then we figured out that we have to have ways to monitor them every second of the time. This was like sending someone to the moon, not a trip to the mall. We had to implant language chips or swallow language cubes to allow them to speak and understand the languages, then we had to give them information implants so they knew everything about the time and the places they were going. Of course, you know about those times, you teach it. They had to have ways to record what they did and get back instantly if need be. They had to have ways to have the kind of food and nutrition that they were used to and avoid the foods of the time, to avoid salmonella and food poisoning. We have that now, as I mentioned. They normally should always go in twos, but a strong enough person could go on their own, but there is the need to be ready for the unexpected. We have had our people murdered, raped, jailed, stoned, drowned, and executed by firing squads. There is absolutely no truly safe place in history unless you wanted to go to a convent. Well, if you joke around at a convent, they will call you a witch. Your science is wizardly and evil to most, at least attention getting. So, you want your horse, then you want to wear your clothes, then next you will want to take your dog. You want to eat your own food, then you want to just walk up to the most famous person known to man and ask to have a chat, maybe heal you from your cancer while you are at it, then what? Just hang out and get to know the gang? How are you going to stop being biased toward Judas? Think about that. You already know what he did so what do you do with that? What if the Romans don’t like you and you have to go before Caesar? You going to kill him? You have killed before, so what do you want to do? Finally, we want live feed from a video the size of a pin point above your left eye. You touch it, then it starts recording, then you touch it again and it stops. Easy, easy, simple, simple, just what the doctor ordered. So, what do you think about that?”
     “I want you to leave me alone and let me go see Jesus and hang out with the gang, just like you said. Yes, get healed if he will do it. I want to take my horse, wear my clothes and take your language and even your information implants, then let you brand me so the Romans won’t give me any trouble. Just like that. So, do I get to go, or not? Okay, put the video pin point above my eye. Again, do I get to go or not? You are the guys who offered!”
     The President sat listening to the two bantering. “Ely, we offered, and Jacob wants to go, so let’s make it as enjoyable as possible.”
     Dr. Ely shrugged, then said, “Like I said. We want video and lot of pictures. Lots and lots of pictures. You meet Jesus, take his picture. We want to make sure that history is reserved and treasured. This is a matter of history now. You are a part of it as much as anyone now. Especially, since you want to see who you want to see. Jesus, can you imagine that? Oh, by the way. You will have a time device on you wrist like a watch. It can actually act like a transporter to different times and back, to use if you need it. It will be obvious since they will not know what a watch it. We can cover it with a colored bracelet, like a rope bracelet if you want. It signals us that you want to come back. If you bring someone with you, which has happened before, it covers a thirty-foot circular area. Don’t bring something or someone home you don’t want. We don’t want to get stuck with anything bad either. You also have to be careful that you don’t change anything too greatly. We have not seen any dramatic time shift problems like science fiction talks about. We actually don’t believe that happens. Who knows? Something big enough might do something. As far as we are concerned, nothing happens.” 
     “I’m not going to his crucifixion that’s for sure,” emphatically stated Jacob as he watched the President do an exaggerated nod in agreement. 
     The President asked, “Well, is there anything else you want to take. You are about over our living weight limit with GG already?”
     “I think I’m fine. I appreciate the gift.”
     “You got it! Okay, it’s settled. You will want to get ready for the implants and the branding. There is not a much pain with branding as you might think. Nothing like your wolves. It’s only a temporary, and they will fade away in about six months, but it still hurts.”
The Muslim Factor
     Dr. Ely He had quite a confrontation with his wife about where Jacob was going. She became incensed with the idea. 
     “You have to be kidding. What if he changes something? What if he makes the spread of Christianity go faster and further than what it already did? This might have drastic impact on our faith.”
     “He is just going to see Jesus, get healed, then come home. Case closed,” Dr. Ely spouted back. 
    “Ely, if there is any changes that would possibly jeopardize our people, you better have an accident handy to stop it. If you don’t do it, then I will send people who will, do you understand!” she warned. 
     Dr. Ely didn’t doubt her warning and had already been thinking about what to do to mess up and have an accident to stop it if he needed to. He would just send him so far back in time that he doubted he would live less than minutes, then he could unplug the return technology to stop a return. Easy enough. He did not offer, but she also knew enough about the technology that she was thinking about it too. 

Part II
Meeting Jesus
     Jacob road GG along the Galilean road, nodding at the strange looks as he passed merchants with loaded carts making their way towards Jerusalem while passing them heading away and towards the beaches. All around him were the scurrying people whispering and seemingly excited about meeting their new rock star, Jesus. He could hear Jesus’ name from time to time and knew he was on the right road. 
     “Jesus,” they’d say.
     “On the shores,” another would say.
     “He worked miracles,” came the voice of a little boy.
     “No one is greater than Moses,” an official-looking man said wrapped in his official rug.
     “He better not call Himself the Messiah,” two agreed walking past Jacob. Jacob noted these two. To him, they were trouble, after all, he was here to see Jesus, but he would also protect him if he thought any of these people meant him harm. 
     The crowds were catching up to him and passing him while still giving him strange looks with more comments about strange gentiles and heathens in their lands. 
     “Probably just another kind of Roman,” one said, then looked back at Jacob afraid they had said it too loudly. 
     Finally, after almost an hour going out away from Jerusalem he headed to the coastline where there were hundreds of little fishing boats scattered along the beach, then he saw Jesus. His heart jumped, but he was surprised at how he looked. You could take any Israeli combat soldier, let His hair grow couple inches longer, then probably note that he had not had a good hair cut in a long time with s light beard and tan from being outside so much, then stick some fatigues on him, bam, any Israeli soldier, just a normal Israeli. He laughed that there were not flowing white robes and long auburn brown hair with perfect white skin. He was only about 50 yards away, but the crowd was so immense that he could not get much closer on GG. He had a straight shot directly into Jesus vision now, and Jesus noticed him as he got off GG. Jesus seemed to know exactly who he was when he shook His head “no” when looking straight at him. Jesus stopped in a healing moment with His hands on a lady’s head, then leaned over to Peter and Andrew, then spoke to them. They looked up at Jacob, then marched through the crowd toward him. 
     Jacob long ago knew body language; it was a survival instinct to be able to see what someone had in mind before they executed it. These two meant business.
     They approached Jacob, and Peter pointed his finger at Jacob, then abruptly stated, “Jesus said you are not supposed to be here!” Jacob noticed the fiery red beard of Peter, then Andrew looked completely different, small, almost petite with dark hair in complete contrast to Peter. Peter knew his size intimidated others, but he was not used to looking up to anyone. It was different with Jacob. Jacob was an easy 6’ 5” and towered over him, and it made Peter very uncomfortable. Peter stepped back a couple paces and tried not to be so intimidating. He was not used to comforting a gentile, especially one who was so tall. He also noticed Jacob’s square build that reflected that he was not someone that could be pushed around. He saw it in his eyes, the intent and unafraid look that was full of his own confidence. Peter was not used to any of that. Still, he stepped forward and poked at Jacob’s chest emphasizing his words. 
     Jacob answered, “I know that, but I am. Now, if you push at me one more time with that finger of yours, you will not be using that hand for quite a while.”
     Peter quickly pulled his hand back noting that Jacob was serious; and when Peter looked down at the side of both Jacob’s ankles, there were the knife shanks sticking up. This man was armed and probably knew how to use what he was carrying. 
     Instantly, Peter thought, “This is not someone who can be pushed. Certainly not by me,” then he backed away even farther than before and went back to Jesus with Andrew looking over his shoulder at Jacob while he did. 
     Jesus spoke to Judas. Judas was the PR disciple and what some would call the peace maker, more like a negotiator. He approached Jacob and did a slight bow toward him with a smiling face, “I am Judas. I am sorry for the abruptness of my friends. What can we do for you, and yes, Jesus did say you ought not to be here?” 
    Jacob bowed slightly back, then put out his hand for a shake. Judas was caught off guard. Jacob kept his hand out until Judas figured that he had to respond, then as he opened his hand toward Jacob, then Jacob reached and took his for a strong shake. Judas understood that his is how this gentile greeted, then put his hand out again toward Jacob to do it again with a big smile on his face. 
     “I am just passing through, just visiting, Judas. I just want to meet Jesus face-to-face, that’s all. I can come back some other time if it is more convenient.” Jacob sensed that His presence was an intrusion into the work of Jesus. 
     “That is the word that Jesus used. You are not convenient, but he said if you come back tomorrow that he will heal you,” Judas stated while pointing to Jacob’s stomach. 
     Jacob flinched, “He knew that from there?”
     Judas stated, “He said you were very sick. He asked if you were in pain, and if not, then please come back tomorrow. Are you in pain?”
     “No, I have medicine for that,” answered Jacob.
     “What is your name?” asked Judas.
     “I am Pygmachia. I go by many names. Some call me The Wolf. I’m sure the Romans would call me Pygmachia,” Jacob stated trying to use his Roman card early like pissing on the ground about who he was. He was trying to tell them that he was someone who needed to be taken seriously; very seriously. 
     Judas’ jaw tightened at the mention of the Romans. He had heard about Pygmachia. He was a legend in the Roman ranks. He was probably one of the greatest conscription fighters of their world, then he changed the subject, “You have funny clothes.”
     “My clothes are funny? Since when do men wear women’s clothes like you guys do? You’re the ones with funny clothes,” said Jacob laughing as he said it. 
     Judas laughed and thought, “I like this guy. He has that sarcastic sense of humor that always got him in trouble with the other disciples. What Judas was calculating were the benefits of having someone like this on his side. Hmmm. It was worth considering. That was Judas’ best or worst habit. He was always calculating on his next move to gain advantage or just to find out how he could use someone like a card to be played some other time. He was also always joking around with the other disciples, and he knew it was hard for them to take him seriously many times. What the heck, if you couldn’t laugh about something, it just wasn’t worth thinking about. Jesus actually found Judas’ attitude refreshing; and when others weren’t within hearing distance, he told him so. The rivalry was a little too intense between the disciples. 
     “Why did you mention the Romans? I have heard of you without mentioning that. You weren’t trying to scare me, were you?” asked Judas.
     “Judas, I doubt very many things scare you. That is why I like you. You speak your mind. Since you know who I am, then you should know that I am a Roman free man who likes to stay friends with all Romans no matter where they are, just like you do without you saying so.” Jacob held his Roman friendship like holding up a cop badge when stopped at a traffic stop. “I was given my freedom five times by General Gaius on the German front over three years ago, but you know that, don’t you?”
     “Jesus said your name was Jacob. What name do you want to be called among us, Jacob?” Judas replied catching Jacob off guard.
    Jacob laughed looking over Judas’ shoulder at Jesus and smiled knowingly, “I shall be called Jacob among your people or The Wolf,” he said quickly raising his shirt to display his chest of wolf fangs and glowing eyes. 
     Judas stepped back a few feet in surprise, then said, “Then, to the Romans, you will be called Pygmachia, and to us Jacob, but please don’t show those markings with us if you want to be our friends. You will scare the women and children.”
     “Okay, Judas Iscariot, I agree, Jacob it is. Go tell Jesus that I will be back tomorrow.”
     “How did you know my full name?” asked Judas. 
     “Oh, Judas, all the people I know understand who you are? You are no secret, but I am. Judas, I have only one tip for you. Don’t ever trade you friendship for money. Okay?”
     Judas flinched, then turned back to Jesus with Jesus waving him back for a moment. He also sensed that Judas was worried that Jacob was here to harm Jesus so Jacob stated, “I see the fear in your eyes about Jesus. I am not here to hurt anyone. If anything, I’m here to protect Jesus and the rest of His disciples. As long as I’m around, I won’t let anything happen to any of you. Do you understand?” answered Jacob watching Judas ease up a bit. 
     Judas held up a finger like asking Jesus to wait a minute, then saw Jesus wagging His head as if he couldn’t believe Judas did that. Actually, Jacob saw it too and wondered the same question.
     “I have to ask this question,” he commented to Jacob.
     “What question would be so important that you would ask Jesus to wait?” Jacob asked aghast at having to even ask it.
     “I have always wanted to know. When you kill people, what is your favorite way to kill them?” asked Judas looking back at Jesus who was impatiently motioning for Judas to come back. 
     “You have to be kidding me? Judas, seriously, with my hands and my feet,” then he moved quickly and grabbed Judas by the arm and shoved him around and pointed toward Jesus, then kicked him in the butt saying, “Go to your master, please!”
     Jacob saw Jesus cover his mouth in a deep chuckle and nod, “Yes,” to him.  
     Judas gasped not expecting anyone to move that fast. In embarrassment, he scuttled off to see Jesus and approached him in a sheepish way, then listened as Jesus spoke and sent him back. 
     Judas carefully approached Jacob this time standing back a little farther than before. He was uncomfortable with the slight altercation and how emphatic Jacob was about him going back. He also remembered one thing that Jesus said to him, “He is someone to reckon with. His heart is with me, but he is still an old soldier. Be careful. He was right. Don’t ever give up your friends for money.”
     “Jesus wants to see your brands; your conscription brands. He does not think that they are really yours,” asked Judas. 
     “I see. Well, he is already calling me Jacob, but the proof is in the pudding,” mentioned Jacob.
     “I’m sorry. I do not know what that means. Please, just if you don’t mind,” asked Judas, still nervous and watching Jacob closely.
     Jacob dropped his backpack to the ground, then slipped out of his t-shirt and threw it on the saddle horn. Judas just stood stunned. All he could see was muscle wrapping around Jacob’s upper torso. He had never seen anyone built like that before. His muscles were like a giant road maps. He had to admit he guessed he had seen several like that in the gladiator carts heading for Rome one time when he was young. He stared again at the wolf tattoo just staring him in the face, then methodically counted the conscription brandings, “One-two-three-four-five,” then looked to see Jesus counting them too while pointing to his own fingers as he did. 
     Jesus nodded “okay,” then Judas motioned for Jacob to put his shirt back on. Jacob was actually gaining some unwanted attention from some of the women in the crowd. Slight oowes and sighs could be heard like a rumbling that started to reach a slight crescendo that diminished once he got his shirt back on. 
     Judas thought, “It is a good thing Peter did not push Jacob too far. He could see why the Romans would have such high respect for him. He couldn’t stop thinking how Jacob could be useful to them in the right situations. It is good to have friends in the right places.”
     Inside Jacob’s head, he could hear the clicking of the optical camera running continuous pictures that started just before meeting Peter and Andrew, and it was streaming back to Dr. Ely and his group of scientists. 
     Dr. Ely spoke excitedly, “We got pictures of Jesus! We got pictures of the disciples! Jacob is talking with Judas right now. This is unbelievable! We will be famous for this! We are changing history as we know it, right now! This is unbelievable!”
     Judas continued and said, “Jesus asked, secondly, why is everyone wanting to know what he looks like? Don’t answer that, just know that he asked. Now, he wants something from you when you come back tomorrow around noon, if you don’t mind?”
     “Sure, what possibly can I bring to you all, money? What?” stated Jacob being very puzzled, then digging in his pockets and handing Judas three gold coins worth a year of a laborer’s wages. 
     Judas was shocked by the gift, then thought, “This gentile is well worth knowing more about.”
     “Food,” stated Judas flatly. 
     “Food, don’t you all have enough food?” answered Jacob.
     “Of course, we do, but Jesus wants some food from your country,” commented Judas.
     “From my country? Well, a lot of my food is stuff you won’t eat,” asked Jacob still puzzled.
     “I’m sorry. I do not understand these words that Jesus used. He wants you to bring Ken-tae-freed-chi-ka-ten.” 
     “You have to be joking? Jesus wants me to bring Him a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken? That is so amazing that it is almost funny. Okay, so does he want white meat or dark meat, and does he want crispy or original recipe,” not thinking he would get an answer. 
     “Oh, that is what he meant. White meat, original crust,” answered Judas, not understanding any of what Jesus was asking for but glad Jacob did.
     Jacob did a thumbs up at Judas, then saw fear in his eyes when he did. “Is there something wrong with what I just did?”
     Judas stated trembling, “Only Caesar can do that sign. He uses it whether people live or die in the colosseum.”
     “Oh, it means okay with us,” he stated. “You got some kind of high sign for okay?’
     “No, just nod or shake your head ‘yes’ or ‘no,’ I guess. You are one strange gentile, Jacob,” answered Judas.
     Jacob looked out over the crowd while the disciples helped bring the crowd to Jesus. Suddenly, Jacob spotted Sophia carrying around a water jar and giving out sips and drinks for the waiting crowd. Jacob noticed that she saw him staring at him. She was so beautiful, so tall, completely out of place among so many who were much shorter. She would make a great model. He got an instant image of her doing the modeling walk down the runway. He forced himself to stop thinking like that, then saw Jesus shaking His finger “no” at him for his thoughts. He silently said, “I’m sorry,” Jesus nodded “okay” in response. She stopped and waved at him and smiled. She held up a water ladle as if to ask if he wanted some. He was so tongue-tied that he did not move for a second.
     Judas spoke to Jacob, “She wants to know if you want something to drink? Do you? Oh, by the way, she is Mary Magdalene’s younger sister. Pretty, isn’t she?”
     Jacob snapped to attention waving back and nodding “yes” in answer to the offer. She carried the jar on her hip and when she walked she seemed to sway in a way that was all too sensual to Jacob, and he kept trying to keep his thoughts quiet. She knew by looking at him that he liked her. What was surprising to her was that she liked him and couldn’t believe she felt that way toward a gentile, especially one who was dressed so strangely, but she liked the way his jeans hung off his hips and the way he seemed to be so comfortable in his own skin regardless of how different he was. That confidence was rarely seen in men of that time. It reflected a strength that was unusual and very attractive to her. She almost felt guilty for feeling the way she did. 
     As she approached, he was still staring hard at her, then she put down the jar and offered him a ladle full of water, “Here you go, gentile. Have a sip. I saw you take off your shirt, gentile. You are a very unusual looking man. I heard one of the disciples say you were a Roman conscription fighter. What are you doing here?”
     “I, I, am here to talk to Jesus. Thank you for the drink. I hope to see you again,” he stumbled, still awe struck by her looks. 
     “I’m always here with my sister, Mary, and my little brother, Torah. See me when you come back. I will bake you a cake if you want. I’m a very good cook. How old are you, gentile?” she asked, not certain why she asked, but wanted to know anyway. 
     “I’m around 60 years old,” then asked, “how old are you, Sophia?”
     “I have just turned 20 years of age. We marry older men here. It is very common,” she answered, almost shocking Jacob by the implication, but flattered anyway.
     “I’m sure someone as pretty as you will not have a problem with that, no matter what your age,” he laughed and saw Judas winking at him when he said it. 
     “I must go. Many people are thirsty, gentile,” she replied casually and started walking away. 
     “Please, call me by my Christian name, Jacob,” Jacob asked, then she turned and asked, “What is a Christian name?”
     “You will find soon enough, but not by me,” he laughed almost getting caught on that one. She only shrugged and walked slowly away and accentuated her hip swings just a little more. Just a little advertisement, then looked back over her shoulder catching him staring at her again, then smiling in recognition.  
     “Okay, guys, I will see you all tomorrow afternoon with some buckets of chicken. I’ll make sure we have biscuits and green beans with coleslaw to go with it. Tell Peter and Andrew to ‘chill out,’ (in English)”
     Judas said slowly, “Chill out. That sounds funny,” he laughed again thinking he liked Jacob even more. 
     As Judas was walking away, Dr. Ely started streaming to Jacob through his communication implant, “There is someone coming up on your right-hand side. He looks like trouble.”
     Jacob was already riding around the crowd and heading down the beach to where he would make camp. He was still watching Sophia while she worked helping the crowd. She kept looking up periodically and smiling at him. He didn’t want to stop watching her, and she knew it. 
     A small man in dark robes approached him, then leaned against GG while walking with him, then said, “You need to leave and never come back. I’m warning you now. Leave now. Go back to wherever you came from.”
     The man’s face was almost in a snarl. Jacob realized who it was, then swung from his saddle just as he pulled his 45s from his holsters, “I know exactly who you are. Now, what is it that someone like you are doing in a man’s body that my own 13-year-old sister outweighs by 30 pounds? This must have to do with a self-esteem problem of yours.”
     He tried to read Jacob’s mind, but couldn’t. He was frustrated at how he felt around him. He was too used to always having everything under control, and he just couldn’t get a grasp on this man. He looked at the 45s that Jacob was holding and noticed they had white pearl handles with large ominous barrels. He figured they were weapons of some kind. It confused him just as much as Jacob confused him. All he knew was that Jacob mentioned that he would protect Jesus and the disciples. He was near when he said it. He didn’t need someone like him messing with his plans. 
     He spouted back, “You can’t kill me. I know you want to. You can’t!” The little man could read body language and noticed Jacob gripping the handles of the 45s and fingering their trigger fingers. 
     “Well, you think you have me all figured out, don’t you? I also figured knowing who you are that I couldn’t anyway, but I bet you can feel pain, right? So, if I shoot off your foot, I’d like to see you hop around a little bit just for the sake of pay back.”
     “You aren’t afraid of me, why?” the little dark man asked. Everyone was afraid of him except Jesus. Jesus pushed him aside like a twig branch and never paid him any attention. He just didn’t have authority over him, then he realized that he did not have it over Jacob either. He could feel that Jesus was all over him, but just did not understand why. 
     “Are you kidding me? I stopped being afraid of you years ago. I would like to take you behind the woodshed and beat the crap out of you, in Jesus Name,” then watched the man flinch hard with what he said. In fact, when he said, “In Jesus name,” it pushed the man back several feet like he had been physically pushed. Now, the man was even more confused. 
     “What made you say that, that way? What kind of person are you? Are you an angel? I feel God the Holy One in you. I have never seen that before unless it was in an angel, but I know you are flesh and blood,” the man trembled from the unknown and from the strength that seem to pour out of Jacob. He was not used to this. He could always scare someone, but not Jacob. 
     Jacob faced him again and stepped uncomfortably close to him, and the dark one knew exactly what Jacob was doing. He was challenging him. This was something he was totally not ready for. No one had ever done this before. 
     “I think you better leave, Bubba!” Jacob demanded.
     The dark one stated in frustration, “Crap!” then disappeared.
     Jacob looked back at Jesus, then noticed that Jesus did a thumbs up to him. He laughed slightly. Jesus spoke to Philip who immediately turned and ran through the crowd towards Jacob. As he Philip approached, he nervously spoke to Jacob, “Jesus liked what you did to the dark one. He asked if he could use that word you used, ‘Bubba,’ he thought that was cute.” 
     “Okie dokey. Cute, well that’s an interesting reaction,” Jacob, turned toward Jesus again and laughed, then saw Jesus nod ‘yes,’ to him in response. It was okay to use the word Bubba.”
Snapshot
     “Dr. Ely, there is a call from the antiquity group in London. They seem very excited about something. You know, Dr. Colbert. It takes a lot to get him cranked up,” commented a young associate.
     “Dr. Colbert, what is so exciting that you need to talk to me?” asked Dr. Ely.
      Dr. Colbert rattled off in fast pace, “We are evaluating, as you know, some of the newest Dead Sea Scrolls that my students are using to study the New Testament writings. Well, there was a change.”
     Dr. Ely stated, “What kind of change. Just tell me what is going on?”
     “A word is being used that was not there yesterday,” he commented excitedly.
     “Will you just tell me so I can go back to my work?” commanded Dr. Ely.
     “Jesus says, ‘You must be born again, Bubba,’ to Nicodemus in the third chapter of the Gospel of John. Don’t you have someone who has gone back to the past to talk to Jesus? Well, he better not be messing with things. Tell him to stop!”
     “I see,” stated Dr. Ely calmly after seeing the live feed from Jacob and the dark one. “I think I know where it came from.”
     “Like I said. You are you running a time visitation during the time of Jesus, Dr. Ely? Tell him to be more careful,” asked Dr. Colbert. 
     “I’m sorry Dr. Colbert. You timing is not well received. I will have to get back to you on that. After all, what we do here in the time-stream department is none of your business. Well, since you mentioned it, if there is anything else that pops up, I’d like to know about it.”
     “No, not yet. We have the computers running 24-hours a day to see what else changed. We are also running the historical accounts of that time to see if any of the historians have anything unusual coming up. This is not good. You just can’t change sacred scriptures without having a tornado of trouble from the religious right. We need to work together if you are doing things. You just can’t go around changing things. We don’t know yet what would happen if we change too much. You know that?”
     Dr. Ely shook his head disappointedly, “You know very well that we don’t know what would happen at all. Everything is speculation. Stop guessing about what will happen and just let us know if something else comes up, will you?”
     Dr. Colbert stuttered a little, then slammed down the phone and went back to his running computers. There must be some other changes. He needed more than just a word. He needed a name. He needed some kind of confirmation that the government was messing with the time stream. If he could just prove they were messing with time and changing things, then they could be brought up on time-stream charges. Time should not be changed. Nothing. We were to be observers, but never changers. The United States was the only country that had advanced so far in such a short time. In only ten years, they had over 1000 time travels without a single time stream change. 
     Dr. Ely kept thinking about what his wife had mentioned, changing things so the Muslims would be hurt. He realized that what she had mentioned could happen. With just a little emphasis here and there, a change could be responsible for hundreds of thousands for future Muslims coming to know Christ that wouldn’t otherwise. A word is one thing, but something more drastic might change everything. He kept thinking about this and dare not tell his wife about it. 
Becoming Convenient
     Judas came running up to Jacob as he got back on his horse while sliding his 45s into their holsters, “Jesus said that you are becoming convenient, now, and appreciates it. Don’t forget the ckee-ken. Oh, by the way, what are those things you have on your hips?”
     “Oh, just insurance,” replied Jacob laughing again. 
     Judas answered mystified, “I do not know that word, Jacob.”
     “That’s okay, it’s just a favorite toy of mine, just a toy,” answered Jacob, still laughing. 
     “I think I know what a toy is; I think. I bet that toy hurts people, right?” he responded. 
     “Can kill them. Don’t worry about it. You may not have to see what this toy can do if you are lucky,” answered Jacob, then road off down the beach to set up his camp.  
Back to Launch Day
     “Take it easy, GG. This is going to be a walk in the park.”
     Jacob continued to chat to his streaming device, “I’m taking him through saddled and riding him. I appreciate you letting me take him. Also, thanks for those new drugs. I haven’t had a stomach ache since the hospital. Now, this device for taking pictures. You don’t think it is a little too obvious. I doubt anyone will notice the head of a pin above my left eye. It reminds me of a one-piece Google glass. Are you sure that it’s working?”
     Dr. Ely shook his head almost depressed for the resistance. “They will never know it’s there. From this device, we can see and hear everything you are seeing. We will be making history with this trip. Everything is solar driven, but it all can run for weeks without direct sunlight.”
     “Ely, tell me again about the portals?” asked Jacob skeptically. He had seen demonstrations of it in use, but it was still fuzzy. He just didn’t trust this science, especially when he found out it was all new science. The others before him had just gone back and had to suffer with whatever they found. In the past, they never could have transport back unless they were exactly at a predetermined place and exactly a predetermined time. The new wrist-watch technology had taken the place of the old way. He remembered Dr. Ely mentioned that the last five that went before him never came back. He felt excited about the adventure, but he was still nervous. He was even more excited about seeing Jesus.
     “Okay, you’ve seen it in action. It is voice activated. You first portal is for your bathroom and bath. You said it was important to you. You say, ‘Bathroom open,’ then a door is activated. You step through, and it is all there for you. You need food, then the portal is smaller and is able to give you whatever is available from here. It is like picking up a cell phone and placing an order: pizza, submarine sandwiches, water, tea, whatever you want. Now, going back is like the bathroom door. It opens with a command of ‘Go back now’ with a tap on your wrist like we showed you. We have practiced this already, and you have shelter in a compacted tent expansion the size of a baseball. You just throw it down on the ground, and it opens up into a fully functional tent. You even have access to the web and a built-in laptop. You are back in time, but you are the first to have total access to us just like you need. You and GG are able to move freely if you just ask for it. You need only need to be say “expanded portal,” nothing more. We have made this easy as possible.” 
     “Thanks for the refresher course. You know that I’m not afraid of anything man or beast, but this has me rattled. I figure this won’t take but less than a week,” he stated being very determined. 
     Dr. Ely felt that it would be a lot longer than a week. There was something totally addicting about time travel that catches people off guard. There is this sense of superiority about being somewhere and knowing exactly what is going to happen or should happen. Earlier time travelers talked about it when they came back. They just didn’t want to leave, and they were intoxicated by the events and even wanted to go back. The rule was always one trip per person and no more. There was something about the way the brain cells were scrambled by multiple entries and exits. There were two travelers that already had early stages of dementia at a very accelerated rate. Still, they used this as an excuse to frighten time travelers and keep them from wanting to do revisits. He really wondered if the dementia would have happened anyway. After all, the only ones who were going and could afford to go were older travelers toward the end of their lives wanting just one more adventure, just one more. 
     Dr. Ely commented, “You need to use the transport back as little as possible. I’ve already told you about the damage that the traveling has done to others who did multiple transports. Every time you transport we figure that there are brain cells that are destroyed and scrambled. The science is just not perfect, you know.”
     “You’ve mentioned it before, I know. Aren’t you as excited as I am at seeing Jesus and recording it all? I would rather take a chance at having a couple brain cells scrambled rather than this black crap eating me up inside. I can handle forgetting my car keys, but I can’t handle coughing up my life with this cancer. I chose my own ways and risks. I want to do this. I want you to understand this.”
     Dr. Ely commented, “Then, it is settled. You are on your way.” 
     The secrecy of this was overriding anything where this took place. They were deep underground and the whole facility showed portals trimmed with a bright glow. There were almost 100 goods and supply portals with large screening rooms that operated 24-7 while only the active doors showing something more than just white snow on monitor screens There were no others transporting; but if Jacob was successful, then this facility would be a buzz of transports coming and going. It would be the biggest event in the scientific society over the last 1000 years. 
      The transition was easy enough. He road through an overlarge door, then was out in the open feeling the warm breeze of Galilee washing over him. He could smell the moisture of the nearby coast of the Sea of Galilee. The transition was uneventful just like walking out of a fog into the light. There was a tingling all over his body and GG seem to sense the same thing and shook all over like shaking off horseflies with a whinny that told of his own discomfort. Just a little, not much just a little. GG raised his head as if wanting to make sure Jacob was still there. Jacob rubbed at his new conscriptor brands that itched slightly. He elected to have them done while he was under and not wake up until it was all done. They did look impressive with the details of the Roman Eagle wings spread out over two inches wide on both sides of the center. Jacob rubbed on GG’s ears and patted his head affectionately, and GG calmed down taking in the new smells and sights in front of him. 
Back to Now
     As he made his way down the beach to set up camp, he felt a certain joy of even seeing Jesus, and even then of talking with Judas. It was the hope that it gave him. It somehow made everything he had done okay. He was even okay with the Kentucky Fried Chicken. He set up camp on the beach with what was probably the greatest view, and he imagined that it was his condo. He took his boots off, then threw some hay down in a pile for GG. The cool breeze made sleeping by far one of the best that he had especially since the medicine was keeping his nausea down to a little rumble, but he felt the sickness eating him up inside and knew if Jesus didn’t do something soon, he would not make it much longer. It was the fatigue that bothered him more than anything. He tried the bathroom portal and soaked for over an hour with a cold diet Pepsi at his side and lots of bubbles with some bath salts to boot. It was hard to imagine that he was in Galilee.
     GG whinnied loudly and stuck his head in the tent and blew at him to get up. Jacob heard a rattling and swishing noise from out in the water. He pulled his pants on and walked out without shoes or a shirt just to see several disciples’ net fishing from their boat only a 100 feet off shore. Judas was steering, then immediately spotted Jacob. You could see that Judas was intent on staring, then pulled a eye glass from the side pocket of the boat and continued to stare at Jacob. Jacob finally figured out what was wrong. He was staring at his tattoo again. It was hard for someone to get over the wolf details. 
     Judas steered the boat closer to shore in order to speak to Jacob. He yelled at Jacob, “Jacob, don’t forget Jesus’ lunch. You see. I’m the boat captain! I don’t fish, and I don’t carry wood. Got to have my standards.” It was like saying he didn’t do windows, but Jacob understood, laughed and waved, then went back into his tent. After all, it made all fisherman get up so early. Jacob didn’t want to get up this early. Judas watched Jacob wave and walk back into his tent. It was surprising to see the burnt flesh and just the wolf eyes as he walked away from him. Judas didn’t understand but planned on asking Jacob about it when he saw him again.
Sophia	
     Jesus turned to Philip, “Please go tell Jacob to come and see me when he gets up. Take him some breakfast cakes and some fruit.”
     Philip bowed and answered, “Yes.” 
     Sophia interrupted, “Jesus, my Lord, please let me take him his cakes and fruit. Please!”
     Jesus looked at Sophia and nodded, “Maybe” seeing more to her offer than she was saying. “Maybe, you’re little brother should go with you. What do you find so interesting about Jacob?”
     “I like the way he looks. He likes me too. I know that he is a gentile, but I still like the difference. He is so different from anyone I’ve ever met. Please, let me go?” she asked. 
     “Sophia, you may go. Just try not to nag him too much. I know how many questions that you ask about everything” he stated.
     “Jesus, are you saying I talk too much?” she asked getting flustered. 
     “Well, you are a little talkative. Just keep quiet and listen more,” Jesus laughed as she grabbed her brother with some cakes and fruit, then started walking down the beach to where Jacob was camping. 
     She turned back for a moment and ran up to Mary, “Can I borrow that blue scarf of yours, pleeeease,” she begged.
     Mary asked, “Who are you trying to impress, Sophia? Don’t answer that question. Here take it. It was our mother’s; take care of it.”
     “Thank you so much. Do I look pretty, Mary?” she asked while Mary motioned for her to go away. Sophia knew the answer to that. All this for a gentile stranger who wanted just to see Jesus. Suddenly, Sophia turned around and spoke to Jesus.
     “What does it mean to use a Christian name?” she asked. 
     They were stopped by her question while they all waited on His reply. Jesus waited, closed His eyes while asking His Father the question, then decided to answer, “I guess it would not hurt to tell you that since I have already told you before about what’s coming. It is a name that those in the future will call those who love and serve me. Those who bear that name will be persecuted for my names sake, but it is a name of honor and respect and worship toward me.”
     Sophia seemed excited over His answer, “Then, that means that Jacob loves you like I do.”
     Jesus said, “It’s just name. It could mean that. It should mean that, but it doesn’t have to mean that. You are called a Hebrew, but that does not mean you are one in your heart.”
     “I see,” answered Sophia, then she thought to herself, “Well, it’s a start in the right direction.”
     Sophia grabbed Torah’s hand and almost did a skip as she walked down the beach away from their camp. She looked up on the road above the beach and noticed a small squad of Roman soldiers marching the same direction. There were ten of them, and their captain stopped them in sight of Jesus and the disciple’s camp. He stood for just a few minutes looking for anything that was out of place. He was especially looking for weapons or anything that signified another gang of rebels. 
     “Just the Jews, harmless,” he thought, then turned to continue their march. 
     Jacob was finally up after returning to his morning sleep. That is exactly why he hated fishing. The fish had to be caught early, too early for him. He requested a large cup of coffee and a honey bun. He thought, “What is life without a honey bun for breakfast.”
     He moved over and made sure GG had food, then brushed him down, especially scratching his ears and kissing his nose when he was done. GG understood, fun was over. Jacob went back to his tent and came out with a towel and shampoo then stripped down to his briefs. No one was around. He doubted no one would care anyway. He could have used the fresh water bathroom access, but he liked salt water baths. It started years ago when he would visit a friend of his at a get-a-way in the Bahamas. Just a little dip in the morning and evening before settling down. He laughed when he thought about it. He remembered his friend used to get a big rope and tie it to an immense fish hook with bait, then tie the rope to a tree and with a cow bell throw it into the water. He would catch some of his best sharks that way. Get a shark, and the cow bell would ring. 
     Jacob asked him, “Can I do my bath thing. It’s too early for sharks, right?” His friend agreed, so he jumped in. About five minutes later in a middle of the shampoo the bell rang. He can’t ever remember running so fast in his life. He laughed again thinking about it. 
     Sophia came up on him in the middle of his bath, and Sophia stopped dead in her tracks. Torah asked her, “What’s wrong with you?”
     She didn’t answer. She was only staring intensely at Jacob while watching him rub soap all over his arms and upper torso. She felt her heart rate increasing, and her head was pounding. She flushed red and felt the sweat dripping from around her neck.
     Torah asked again, “What is wrong with you? You are looking at him too hard. You should not do that.”
     “Shut up, little brother. If I want to stare, I will stare,” she spouted back defiantly.  
     Suddenly, there was a shout from above the beachhead as the Romans stopped, and the captain of the guard was pointing directly at Jacob. When he saw Jacob, he would tell that this one could cause problems. He was not close enough to clearly see his brands, but he noticed the glaring eyes and snarling teeth of the wolf on his chest.
     “You there, do not move, by order of the Roman guard!” shouted the captain.
     Jacob saw and heard them. He thought, “This ought to be interesting. Time to play my Roman card. Make friends, Jacob, not enemies.” Jacob came out of the water just in time to pick up a jug of fresh water and pour it over his head to wash off all the soap. He looked at the guards climbing down the beach embankment heading for him, then noticed Sophia with Torah off to his right some a hundred feet away. He motioned with his hand for them to stay where they were. Sophia grabbed Torah’s arm and felt the fear about the approaching Romans.
     As the captain approached, he pulled his sword and pointed it at Jacob, then started noticing the conscription brands. He was counting them as were the others. He smiled and put his sword back into the sheath and saluted Jacob.
     “Are you the one they called Pygmachia, a free man and a free Roman, right? I heard of you. It is an honor to meet you. What are you doing in Galilee? I thought you would be in Rome and in a place among the proletariat by now?”
     “I am to be a personal body guard of the ones with Jesus of Nazareth to protect him against the scribes, Pharisees, and Jewish elders. You must have passed his camp on the way here. I start working for him today. If you don’t mind, I would like to dry off and put some clothes on, then invite you to have some coffee and honey-buns with me. All of you. My treat to meeting new friends.”
     The captain swelled with the respect that one of his favorite childhood heroes was paying he and his men. He was unsure what Jacob meant about coffee and honey-buns, then saw the coffee kettle and some cups, then packages of bread within sight at the opening of Jacob’s backpack. 
     Still, he had to ask, “What was your favorite way to kill our enemies, especially the barbarians?”
     “With my hands and feet, then a couple of pocket knives. Snap, crackle, and slice,” commented Jacob as he did a marital art moves and a couple of high-kicks pretending to pull a knife and did slashing moves to accentuate. 
     The Romans applauded and cheered, then each one came and saluted him. One even grabbed his shield with a small knife and asked Jacob to carve his initials into it. After that, they all asked for the same thing. 
     Jacob mentioned again, “Please let me dry off and put some clothes on?”
     The captain saw Sophia and Torah standing nearby, “Hey you, Jew girl, come here and dry off Pygmachia!” then picked up a nearby towel and handed it to her as she came closer.
     Jacob almost protested, “No, I can….” Then Sophia shook her head “no,” and took the towel. She spoke to him quietly, “I don’t mind. In fact, I would like to do that for you. If he had not ordered, then I would have asked to.” She took the towel and rubbed it into his hair and pushed back his hair tucking it behind his ears. She was fascinated with how blonde and white it was at the same time. She had never seen a man with blonde hair before. She moved the towel over his chest and stomach, then asked, “How do you get those muscles in your stomach to do that?”
     Jacob laughed, “Do you like that?”
     He watched her blush red as she continued to dry him off moving to his back without saying a word, then as she got to his back she stopped slightly.
     “Don’t worry the burns are healed; it’s okay?”
     She whispered into a close ear from behind, “Yes, I like that.”
     Jacob blushed a little this time, then did a lat spread flex that flared his muscles all the way to the side in his back. A regular Arnold move. The Romans applauded and cheered again. 
     “Thank you,” he said to her as she handed the towel back to him. 
     A Roman grabbed Sophia and pushed her next to him to force a kiss, then Jacob grabbed the man and with just a fast move turned him and flipped him backward through the air and onto his back in the sand. The captain drew his sword, then pointed to the soldier and laughed as did they all. 
     “That will teach you to mess with Pygmachia’s woman,” he laughed again.
     “Yes, she belongs to me!” commanded Jacob to reinsert his authority. He went and helped the man to his feet and helped brush him off. 
     She moved close to Jacob and whispered, “Thank you. I do not belong to anyone, including you.”
     Jacob nodded, then stated flatly, “I don’t believe they need to know that right now.”
     The captain ordered, “Go help your man get dressed so we can have his drink and food he promised.” Sophia nodded okay, then followed him into his tent leaving Torah standing outside. 
     “I should not be in this tent with you alone. It is not our custom,” she commented shyly but still stared at his tattoos. The eyes of the one on his back were all that showed through the burnt skin. It was eerie and strange to her, but at the same time very exciting and new. She did not know quite how to describe it, but she felt a tingling all over her body from looking at him. 
     “Just play along. This is an unusual situation that doesn’t fit any customs. We need Romans to be our friends, not our enemies. Just give me a second. You can turn you back if you want.” 
     Jacob went to the corner of his tent, turned his back on her, then slipped off and then on a dry pair of briefs while pulling his on his faded jeans, then put on a dry t-shirt with the wolf face imprint on it and jumped easily into his boots. He looked back at her, and she had not turned her back on him but was staring intensely at him while not moving. 
     Sophia said simply, “I should not be here. I brought you some cakes and fruit for breakfast. I want you to know I have never met a man like you. I like you a lot, but that makes me very uncomfortable with myself. I have never felt that way before.”
     “Well, I’m pretty comfortable in my own skin, but I did not expect to meet someone like you on this visit. I just want you to know that I want to see you more. Does that bother you? Don’t answer that. Just thanks for the cakes and fruit. Am I still to come at noon as agreed?”
     “No, Jesus said for you to come this morning when you are ready,” she replied as she opened the tent door and moved out, then with Torah in toe moved quickly toward her own camp. 
     “Well, now you guys are going to get a treat,” spoke Jacob as he came out the tent door. 
     The captain was caught off guard by the way Jacob dressed. He asked, “I have never seen a man dressed like that. How do you?”
     “Oh, that. Got the zipper, like that?” answered Jacob anticipating the question and zipping and unzipping his pants in show. He then commented, “I don’t get bug bites on the legs with these either.”
     The captain asked, “Those boots. They are comfortable? Better than sandals?” The captain reached down and felt the leather and picked up his pant leg to see how far up they went, then noticed that he wore big bowies tied to the outside of each boot leg. 
     “Very, got to wear socks,” stated Jacob.
     Jacob played his friend card, “Captain, I will tell you what I will do. You come back tomorrow, then I will have you a pair of boots and some socks to go with them. Just for you.”
     The captain almost cried, then did a fatherly hug on Jacob with a thank you. “You are truly a good person, Pygmachia. I think that I’m going to like you.”
     “Likewise,” commented Jacob. 
     He looked at the rest of the guards, then stated, “If you want, I will bring the rest of you something special too.” There was an applause and more cheering. 
     The coffee was served in stainless steel cups with rubber handgrips. The cups got more reaction than the coffee. Several of the soldiers poured out the coffee, not drinking it at all. Now, the honey buns were such a hit it was hard to explain so Jacob filled one of their bags up with almost 30 of them for the road. He thought, this was honey bun diplomacy. It was this honey bun addiction that saved Jacob in many ways. He always carried bags of them around even when he was on a military mission. 
Sophia
     Mary saw Sophia walking up the beach with Torah in hand, then noticed something different about her. It was almost a distant look, distracted, as if she was doing nothing but thinking about something far away. She had no idea it was about Jacob, but she felt it was anyway. 
     As they came nearer, Mary asked her, “What’s wrong with you
You okay? What happened? Where is Jacob?”
     Sophia remained silent for a minute making sure no one else was listening, just above a whisper, anyway, she said, “He is with the Romans. A whole guard of them. He said he was going to give them coffee and honey buns for their breakfast. I do not know what that is, but he is more Roman than what we thought. When they found out who he was, they saluted him, and he even scribed his name on their shields. He is some kind of Roman-soldier hero. A conscriptor 5000. Sister, he was taking a bath in the sea when I came, I couldn’t take my eyes off of him. He is beautiful, just beautiful. The captain made me dry him off, and I thought I’d faint. I got so light headed. He saved me from one of the Romans, then they ordered me to help him get dressed because he told them I belonged to him. Sister, he got dressed in front of me, and I did not turn away. What is wrong with me? I have never cared about this before. What is wrong with me?” then she broke down crying into Mary’s arms. 
     Mary chuckled a little, then commented assuredly, “We do not have a word for what you are feeling, not a nice word at least. You are just growing up, that’s all. It is too bad you have to be this way with a gentile who loves Jesus too. Too bad. Things like that can never be. Still, go work with the other women to keep your mind off things. Is Jacob coming?”
     “Yes, thank you for listening to me. Yes, he is coming. Have you seen his back, Mary?” Sophia asked.
     “No, I have never seen any part of him, at least not as much as you have,” she laughed as she answered.
     “That is not funny. Not funny at all,” she commented angrily. “He was terribly burnt. It was terrible. He must have suffered greatly. The wolf is on his back too, just the eyes and teeth. He did say that he wants the Romans as his friends and not his enemy.”
     Judas was just within hearing when he heard the word Romans. “Did you see those Romans on the road? Did they bother you or Jacob?”
     “Yes, I believe they started out to arrest Jacob but became his friends. He is important to them. They are his friends now, just like he wanted,” she commented knowing that Judas was all about influence and how to use people.
     “Great, that might be to our good fortune. That is wonderful news,” he answered and went off to tell Jesus and the disciples of what he considered good news. There was not the excitement he expected from some of the disciples. Now, more than ever some thought Jacob was a Roman spy and could not be trusted.
     Mary turned to Sophia, “What did he say he was giving them to eat?”
     “I never heard of it before; he said coffee and honey buns.”
     “That does sound funny, doesn’t it?” commented Mary.
     Jesus approached Mary and Sophia; he sensed the emotions of the moment, then asked, “Are you okay? Jacob protected you from the Romans, didn’t he?”
     “Yes, he threw a Roman into the air who grabbed me, and he landed on his back. The captain drew his sword, then laughed and told the soldier that’s what he gets for messing with Pygmachia. Then, Jacob told them that I belonged to him. He said it was a good thing to say,” she rambled on, then Jesus held his hand up to silence her. 
     “I have always said you talk too much, Sophia. I understand the situation now, and I appreciate what Jacob did. What else did Jacob say about why he is here?”
     She nodded, then said, “I will keep this short. He said he was here to protect you and the disciples from harm, especially from the harm from our own people.” 
     “Did he now? Now, that is very interesting. Actually, I believe it. Well, I look forward to talking more with him when he comes. You seem to like him, don’t you?” Jesus asked and winked at Mary.
     “How do you know that?” she asked.
     “It does not take a great mind to figure out some things. It’s okay. There will be a day when gentiles and Jews alike will be together as    one.”
     Mary heard, then commented, “I think that would make Sophia very happy,” then winked at Sophia who blushed and left to go work with the others. 
     “There is Jacob,” stated Mary pointing to him.
     Jacob saw Mary and Jesus talking, then immediately looked around for Sophia. He saw her helping some of her lady friends preparing for lunch. They were using a goat from last night’s roasting and taking and making a stew. There were some vegetables, but mostly a lot of water and a few herbs. It smelled good even though Jacob never had a liking for goat to begin with. 
     Jesus waved kindly at Jacob and motioned him over while Mary went to check on the meal. The fishermen would return soon, and she knew they would be hungry. They had already gone out once without much luck. Judas had come back in the first trip, then let them go out on their own this time. Judas always hated failure, and he certainly figured he failed to even though he was the boat captain.
     Jesus talked directly to Jacob, “Thank you for helping Sophia. That was a brave thing that you did, then I believe I know what you are doing befriending the Romans. It’s smart. Very smart. You told the Romans that you were to protect me and my disciples. Did you really mean that?”
     Jacob got off GG smacked him on the rump while doing a thumbs up movement that was right out of the arena for good, then watched him gallop over to the water and wade knee deep, stomping at the water, then catching the water with his head and throwing it over his back.
     Jacob touched the left side of his head to turn off his communication device. He just wanted some privacy for a minute. He already did that when he engaged the Roman soldiers too. It was difficult to decide when and if to do that. 
     “He loves playing in the water,” Jacob laughed and watched others laughing at GG too. 
     “Who is George Goble?” asked Jesus, pointing at GG.
     “Oh, that guy, before my country. An actor my grandparents liked to watch. Just a little remembrance of mine, that’s all, in honor of my grandparents.”
     “Hmmm, I can respect that. It’s nice to respect those who have meant so much to you” replied Jesus, then patted Jacob on the shoulder affectionately.
     “Thanks,” replied Jacob and felt His presence roll over him when he touched him. 
     “You are here because you want to be healed. You are very sick in spite of the medicine. In fact, I must tell you that you won’t be alive in a week. Your illness has eaten you up inside. I’m sorry for that. Why else are you here?” asked Jesus watching Jacob’s lip trembling with emotion.
     “I always was ready to die. Always. I was a soldier and very good at it. I know more ways to kill someone than you ever imagined,” stated Jacob flatly as if he was talking to a shrink.
     “With your hands and feet, was your favorite,” answered Jesus staring him straight in the eyes. 
     “Sure, hands and feet, knives, and the wire, then explosives, and guns. Whatever took to get the job done,” he answered, being very proud of himself.
     “Just you and Oscar, right?” Jesus threw that out like a fast pitch ball right to his gut.
     “How in the world did you know about Oscar?” he asked, then realized who he was talking to. 
     “Why else are you here?” replied Jesus trying to probe more into Jacob. He was always wanting to know what makes a person tick, especially Jacob. 
     Finally, Jacob admitted, “I came here because I love you, and well before I became a soldier I loved you. I gave my life to you then and will always love you; in spite of ending up a trained soldier.”
     “I knew that, but I am happy to hear you say it,” replied Jesus. 
     Jesus continued, “You want to make sure that you give yourself to something that matters. That is exactly why you wanted to go on this mission for your people. You want to do something that counts, really counts. You wanted to do something that really matters. I know you love me. I really do know that. That is why I want you to stay. But, there is something else that makes you want to stay.”
     “Oh, that,” replied Jacob realizing that Jesus was looking straight into "his mind and heart. He saw how he felt about Sophia even though it was just because he liked her, but it was deeper than that. 
     “You noticed that, right?” replied Jacob. 
     “I notice everything, absolutely everything,” commented Jesus patting on Jacob’s shoulder again. “Now, let’s take care of your sickness. Are you ready?”
     “Sure. Tell me what you want me to do?” asked Jacob.
     “Let me put my hands on your head and pray for you. Know that I do love you, Jacob. Know that above everything else.”
     “Oh, that big bag on my saddle horn has your chicken in it. I gave you an extra bucket for my Roman friends. I’m sorry. I don’t know what to expect,” he replied apologetically. 
     “Expect to be healed, but some things are harder than others. You are very sick. You might have to rest for a while afterwards,” replied Jesus reaching for his shoulders and pulling him closer. 
      Jesus placed His hands on Jacob’s head, the prayed silently for almost five minutes. It was not long after that that he felt a burning in his chest and stomach. He felt like his veins had turned to fire, then he started coughing. He coughed so hard that he thought he would die on the spot. Soon black-bloody sludge came puking out of him. It was not in specks but in gallons forcing him his knees while barely able to breathe. Sophia ran to him and put her arm around his shoulder for support, but he didn’t notice anything but his pain. He thought for a minute that he would black out, then felt the touch of a tender hand on his shoulder and caressing his neck while carefully pulling his hair back over his ears like on the beach. Sophia knelt beside him and held him while crying in her own pain for him. Jesus knelt down and encircled his arms around both of them, then he cried with them both, sharing their pain. Jacob was glad his communication device was turned off.  
     Jacob barely got up to his feet, then ran his hand over his is stomach. It was difficult to stand, but the pain was leaving, and he took a handkerchief soaked with blood from old episodes and wiped at his lips from the black sludge crusted around his mouth. 
     Jacob looked at both Jesus and Sophia, then said simply, “I need to go lay down, please.”
     GG came trotting up to Jacob and nuzzled him seeming to know that all was not well, but nuzzling for a nose pet and ear rub anyway. Sophia pointed to a small tent on the beach, “Do you want to lay down in one of ours or do you want us to help you set up yours?”
     “I don’t care. I just want to close my eyes and start this day over again. Will you sit with me while I sleep, Sophia, please?” he asked, then noticed her nod “yes” while she helped him toward an empty tent. He felt his legs giving way, then everything went black. He woke up with Sophia sitting beside him as he laid on a blanket with her wiping the sweat from his neck and face. She sang a little tune to him like a mother would her baby. He hummed one back to her, one of his favorite Third Day songs, “Follow me there, won’t you follow me there,” then passed out again. Almost a day later he came to again barely able to raise his head to look around. Beside him was Sophia having fallen asleep with a wet rag in her hand from wiping the sweat of at what Jesus called his Holy Fire. 
     “Still here, I see. I knew you would be,” he said just before passing out again. 
     Sophia remarked quietly, “It would take an army to keep me away.”
     Jacob heard and came back just long enough to say, “We would say you couldn’t keep be away with a stick,” in my country, then saw her laugh, then she kissed him gently on his forehead, then whispered, “I will be here for you. You must rest. Please, do not try to get up. Please, rest. I will be here for you.”
     He passed out again, but she thought his breathing was easier, and there was no gurgling sound coming from his chest like she had heard before. 
     Jesus said, “I see he is sleeping again. That is good. That was a difficult healing. I felt his angels coming down and surrounding him with me. The Father loves him very much. He has plans for him. In fact, he has plans for both of you. Care for him now as if he were your husband. Who knows, that just might happen.”
     Sophia admitted her feelings, “I would like that.”
    “I know, I know,” Jesus replied and patted her gently on her head, then commented, “Claudias of the Roman guard sent two of his centurions to help protect us while Jacob fully recovers. They are standing outside your tent now in case you need anything. It shouldn’t be too much longer. My prayers for him were different than with others.”
     Sophia asked, “How was it different, My Lord?”
     “I prayed that our Father would return Jacob to the health he had when he was a much younger man, when he was that young soldier. Somehow, I felt that when he was much younger that he had to be strong and vital to fight and do all those things that he did. I don’t know why I prayed it that way, but I did. I felt that I was praying for the whole person rather than just against this sickness he had.”
     Sophia nodded, then after Jesus left, she laid down next to Jacob and laid her head on his chest with her arm on his far shoulder; then without her knowing it, Jesus looked back in and smiled. 
     Jesus said to Himself, “What a perfect fit. Made in heaven. Made in heaven.”
     As Jesus left Jacob, he spoke to the Roman guards who wore beautiful hand carved cowboy boots, then on their legs were strapped their massive bowie knives. One had a brightly colored Bick lighter tucked under his belt and the other guard had his Swiss army knife hanging from a lanyard off his sword sheath. Jesus suspected more Jacob gifts that he left them for them rather than asking them to come back. His parting gifts before going to see Jesus.  
     Jesus asked them, “Did you get enough chicken?”
     They nodded happily and bowed in respect to Jesus as he walked down the beach to meet with his disciples. As he approached the disciples, there was a murmur and a rumble of discontent.
     Peter was foremost angry, “Why do we have that Roman spy in our camp with those two Roman guards? They are our enemies!”
     Judas defended Jacob, “He is not here to hurt us! He is here to help us! He has told the Romans that he is here to protect us against those that would harm our Lord and our Master!”
     Andrew chimed in, “We don’t need any help or protection! We are more than enough to handle anything anyone can bring to us,” then he pulled his own sword out and raised it defiantly into the air. The Roman guards noticed, then talked between themselves whether to report this to Claudias. They decided it was an isolated event and to keep their post like they were asked and let it go. 
     “He is my friend and our Father’s. There is nothing but good that will come from him. Leave your criticism for another time and place,” remarked Jesus scolding them. 
     “What is it that he knows that we do not,” asked John, reasoning about this in a different way than the rest.
     “That is actually a good question, John. I see things differently than you because I see what is coming looking ahead. Jacob sees things coming because he sees them coming over his shoulder as if they have already happened. He is going to become very convenient soon. I am now glad to have him here. I was not at first, but I have prayed to the Father who has shared with me many things about him. I have also seen what he and Sophia will become together. My heart is lifted and joyful at the way My Father brings things together for all our good,” stated Jesus with such confidence that the disciples took it as a rebuke and none were willing to challenge him. 
     Andrew asked, “He seems to be doing a very good job making friends with the Romans. Do you think that is a good idea?”
     “Actually, yes, he sees us as friends to our enemies so other enemies see us together against them. He is a very smart soldier. Now, I do not want you call him Jacob anymore. I also do not want any of you and those who write to ever mention him, ever. His name is to be Musterion, and our history will not show that he ever existed at all. He will be invisible to those who follow. They will never, ever, know that he was here.”
     “Where is he from?” asked Mathew.
     “His mind says he is an American,” replied Jesus.
     “Does anyone know where that is?” asked Mark.
     Jesus spoke carefully, “It is not where America is, it is when America is,” then went quiet to see if anyone knew what he was talking about. There was an uncomfortable ten minutes of silence while the disciples mused, then finally quietly chatted what that meant. 
     Suddenly John shouted, “I got it! I got it! I love puzzles! I got it!
     Jesus put His finger to His lips to be quiet knowing that John was getting ready to tell the first science fiction story known to man, but he could not stop him. 
     “He sees from over his shoulder because he lived years from now in a place called America, and the Father has given him a way to help change those things that he sees looking back!” John beamed. 
     Jesus asked another question becoming humored by the speculation, “How far?” 
     Judas picked up on it next, “Ten years? Twenty years?” then Jesus kept making an upward move with His hands to indicate further. Judas almost shouted, “A hundred years? Could not the Father do that with a twinkle of His eye?”
     Jesus answered in a mumble, “Hundreds.”
     There was no answer, just consideration from the disciples.      Mathew got it, “No, look at how far our people have come in 100 years? We have not progressed enough to matter. It must be more than that!”
     Jesus was laughing and enjoying the discussion, then Luke exclaimed, “If you look at medicine, then you see more progress, and people used to die without help of a physician. My profession is learning more things all the time how to help those who are sick. Think about what we could do in hundreds of years. There would probably not be sickness and disease at all.”
     No one saw Jacob walking slowly toward them with the help of Sophia and the Romans. Jacob heard the discussion about sickness and disease, then realized they were figuring out what he was about. He came up on them and startled them a little. They all got up to leave seeing his Roman friends with him. 
     “Please do not leave. You are the reason I am here. All of you. So, Luke, you have a point. Let us talk about GG my horse. Good horse, right? Two horses are better than one. A cart is better than just a horse. A chariot with horses is faster than a cart with horses. But, what if I can go 1000 times faster with no horses because I am smart enough to build something and smart enough that it replaces the horse.”
     Peter exclaimed, “That is ridiculous. How can anyone be that smart?”
     “Is our Father smart?” asked Jacob.
     “Of course,” they all mumbled together
     “Since we are all made in the image of the Father, then why do you not believe we are not smart enough to make something like that? Just because you all can’t imagine it does not mean it can’t be.”
     “You are saying that where you are from are smart enough to build things like that?” asked John while still considering all of the conversation.
     “If that is the case, then show us something that you made,” piped Peter arrogantly while still acting angry.
     Jacob did not want to show them his time travel technology. He needed to keep something simple and close to his chest. He took a chance. He said, “Just give me a minute.”
     “Soldier, can I borrow you Bick?” he asked pointing to the lighter in his belt. 
     Jesus came near him and warned, “Be careful what you show us. You have nothing to prove to me, but if you show the wrong things, then, well, just be careful.”
     Jacob nodded, “I guess I better keep my weapons under wrap,”
     Jesus rolled his eyes upward, “Please, under wrap, please.”
     The Father has already revealed to Jesus many things about the where and when of America and the times that Jacob was from. The wrong thing being exposed at the wrong time could have disastrous results.
     Jacob looked squarely at Peter and challenged him, “Okay, big Peter, tell me, Bubba, how would you build a fire?” Jesus laughed loving that word, “Bubba.”     
     Peter scoffed, then mentioned, “I could use flint or sticks in fragile dry twigs or….
     “A Bick lighter!” Jacob shouted holding his lighter up in the air for everyone to see. Jacob flicked the Bick and walked around showing the disciples what it did. He reached into his backpack that Sophia brought to him and pulled out another Bick and handed to Peter. 
    “Ola! Fire!”
     Peter grabbed the Bick, then went to flicking it over and over again. Finally, he went directly to Jesus and showed it to him. Jesus smiled and nodded to Jacob that it was just enough. 
     “Well, enough of that for today! I’ll let you all think about what we’ve been talking about. I need to lay down again. I’ll be good as new in next couple days. Jesus, what did you do to me? I think some of my face wrinkles have disappeared. I love it. I absolutely love it.”
     Sophia ordered Jacob, “Come on, Big Guy, let’s get you back to bed!”
     One of the disciples smarted, “Boy, it’s been a long time since a woman told me that!”
     Jesus scolded, “No, no, guys, let’s keep it holy.”
     Philip sheepishly answered, “Sorry, just joking.”
     Jesus remarked, “I bet you heard something like that before. Who else said something like that to you?” then Mathew looked at the ground while trying not to make eye contact with Jesus.  
     “You really made some waves back there, Jacob,” Sophia remarked slapping a pillow and making his bed more comfortable. 
     “Oh, just a little. Could have made more, much more, but it would have got messy. Jesus didn’t want it to get messy,” then he fell in the bed more from momentary fatigue. Even the little walking with help just about exhausted him. 
     “You are right, those crow feet around your eyes are gone. That’s strange. Looks good. Look a lot younger already,” Sophia commented. 
     “I needed something like that to help. Do you mind staying here with me with your head on my chest? I woke up last night and saw you. I rubbed your ears for a minute. Did you know that?”
     “Yes, I knew that. I’m yours to command Musterion from America.” 
     “Oh, yeah, so I’m not Jacob anymore, right? I got a nickname from Jesus. That’s cute. What does it mean?” asked Jacob, not knowing whether he wanted to know even though his translator device gave him a good guess. 
     “It means something ‘hidden’ in the Greek,” she answered.  
     They both settled in for the night. Sophia’s sister came by to check on her and smiled. She felt that her sister was growing up fast and definitely had good taste even if he was a gentile. 
    Jesus talked to John, “Remember what I said, you must not mention Jacob’s name and write about him in any way to anyone other than us here. He is going to be useful in the future. Our Father is calling him our 13th Disciple for what he will do. That is interesting, isn’t it?”
     John shook his head in misunderstanding, “I have never needed the help of a gentile in my life. I cannot understand this.”
     “Well, do not think of him as a gentile, but as a soldier. The Father believes that we can use a good soldier. I have to agree. The Father’s plans could be disrupted if our people start something too early, but this goes way beyond just our people. You have to trust,” replied Jesus while looking at John’s mouth twitch to one side when he gets upset. Jesus noticed, but he knew that he wouldn’t be upset if he knew the plans for Jacob. He would really be the 13th disciple. 
     “Yes, My Lord, I trust, you. We shall let him be a soldier, then just do me a favor. Don’t tell the rest of the brethren that he might be called the 13th. I don’t think that would go over very well, him being a gentile like that.”
     Jesus laughed, then patted John on the shoulder, “I believe we will leave that designation for history, not us. We just need to let him do what he has come here to do. Well, I may have some extra stuff for him to do while we are at it.”
     “You are really thinking ahead, aren’t you? Not me, but our Father is. He does not consider him inconvenient anymore. We also need to consider Sophia.”
     “She is in love. We all know it, except Jacob. He will figure it out soon enough,” John spoke lowering his voice to sound wiser and more mature.
     Jesus chuckled to Himself, then tried for a little humor, “Yes, Grasshooopper,” with a slight elongated his for emphasis. 
     “What is a grasshopper?” asked John totally mystified.
     “Oh, it is a word I picked up from Jacob’s mind. Just a funny little thing someone said somewhere along the way. Funny, isn’t it?” asked Jesus still watching John’s confusion. 
     Jesus continued, “So everything is okie dokie, right? 
     John asked, “What does that mean?”
     “Oh, just another one of those funny words that Jacob uses. I believe it means everything is okay,” Jesus answered being rather amused at Jacob’s words. He thought his words were rather cute and fun. 
     Jesus continued, “Well, when it comes to Jacob and Sophia, then we will just have to let them figure it out, right, Bubba?”     
     “There you go using the gentile’s words again. Aren’t you afraid that it may mean something you don’t know about? He used it on the dark one according to Judas?” asked John, poking fun at Jesus more than anything. 
     “How did you know he was the dark one?” asked Jesus.
     “Oh, Judas told us. He said that the way Jacob talked to him was as an enemy. It had to be the dark one,” defended John. 
     “Okay, the dark one. Good enough. Just don’t scare the others with that kind of talk. Okay?” asked Jesus. 
      “Where do you want to go next?” asked John. 
     “I want to go to more open places so we can accommodate more people. There is a place just on the other side of the sea that may work. We could leave in the morning so I can preach and minister to the people. There are some isolated storms on the horizon, but I don’t believe they will mess us up. After all, you all are great sailors, what’s a little storm?” Jesus said that knowing what was going to happen. “I might send you on, and I will catch up. Tell, Peter to tie his sandals on tight.”
     “You act like we are going for a swim,” replied John in a puzzled manner. “You know something you are not telling me, aren’t you? What do you want Jacob and Sophia to do?”
     “Of course, can’t tell you everything. What fun would that be,” replied Jesus. Jesus continued, “They can walk with the others around, and it should not take them but a couple hours. We will meet them there. Let him sleep in the morning. He needs it.” 
     Sophia is with him now,” spoke John with an accusing tone.  
     “That’s all she is doing. She is doing nothing that anyone would not do for an injured soldier. She is doing nothing wrong. She is just caring for him,” he rebuked John, and John felt ashamed for the insinuation.   
     Jesus then went about to tell everyone about the trip, and His decision. He checked in on Jacob and Sophia, but only Sophia was awake with her head still laying on Jacob’s chest and moving her hand gently over his far shoulder as you would a new born to help them sleep. Jesus smiled at her, then turned to Mary.
     “Mary, we will break camp tomorrow. The men will be sailing to the other shore. There is a place for many people. Carry with you as much water in skins as possible. The people will be thirsty from walking around the sea. Tell, Jacob and Sophia to come along too. The road above us is already too crowded with people wanting to see me.”
     Jesus turned to the two guards on duty in front of Jacob’s tent, “We appreciate you helping. If you two will go with us tomorrow, Jacob may need you. Aristotle, is not your mother Jewish?”
     Aristotle looked nervously at his centurion partner while nervously saying, “Yes, she is. She told me to pay attention to you. She told me if The Wolf believes in you, then I should too. She told me that she believes you have the words of life. I am beginning to believe that.”
     “Your mother is Naomi, right?”
     “How do you know her name?” he asked surprisingly.
     “Not too many things escape me when I pay attention. Your mother is a very wise woman. She is still sick and has trouble walking, doesn’t she?”
     “Yes, she wants to come to see you, but we have to carry her on our backs.”
     “Aristotle, she is healed as of this moment. When you go home, she will be up cooking you your favorite meal, lentils and lamb with herbs. Tell her that I love her. She has raised a good son,” commented Jesus assuredly, then watched Aristotle’s face and several tears in thankfulness flowing down his cheeks. 
     “You are a very lucky Roman to be going with us and keeping The Wolf company. Do whatever he asks you to do. He is one of us, now, whether he knows it or not,” replied Jesus while looking at Sophia’s sister, Mary, walking up with a surprised face at his inclusive comment. 
     Mary’s natural instinct said to her, “He is the 13th disciple.”
     Jesus turned to Mary, “Do not say that out loud to anyone, Mary. That is between you and us and our heavenly Father for the time being, and you are right.”
      Jesus went to talk to His disciples. As they gathered around again, he point-blank stated, “You will leave all you weapons. You will not carry one unless it is needed for fishing and cooking. The Father has sent Jacob to us to protect us from both the Romans and our own people. You must trust me that Jacob is probably the only one who would ever be able to do that. I am grateful that my plans will be complete because he will help keep them on track. I praise the Father for such a gift as Jacob.”
     The mumbling was obvious, “A gentile protecting Jews,” was the mumbling consensus.
     Jesus scolded them, “No, our gentile protecting us! I want you to know that Jacob does not even need weapons to protect us. He is known for using only his hands and feet to overcome his enemies. He is the perfect gift from a perfect Father.”
Waking up in the morning
     Jacob woke and Sophia was still laying on his chest. He fingered her hair away from her face and did a little kiss peck on her forehead. He felt her moving her hand over his far shoulder and moving closer into his neck in response. Jacob had to wonder, “Is this really legal?” 
     He thought that Jesus had to know that they were together, but he had no intention of pushing her away, then no intention of making it worse by acting with the morals of his own generation. He did his own prayer, “Please, Lord, help me to do the right thing.”
     Sophia looked at him and smiled not moving. Jacob asked her, “Do you like being with me, Sophia?” 
     “I love being with you. I have never been happier,” she said reaching up and kissing his neck lightly surprising Jacob. He squeezed her lightly and patted his hand on her shoulder. 
     “Tell, me, girl, how do women kiss their men they love in this world of yours?” he asked and winked at her. 
     Sophia lifted up on one elbow, then kissed him with a little peck in the middle of his forehead. Jacob frowned, then spouted, “I kiss GG that way.”
     Sophia chuckled, “I guess you love you horse a lot,” while raising up over him and grabbed his face with both hands, then placed her mouth over his in a prolonged kiss after saying, “Like this.”
     Jacob was surprised and pleased with her move, then kissed her back hard while both gasping for air when they finished, “I’ll take that kind of kiss anytime of the day.”
     “Do women in your country kiss like that?” asked Sophia, winking at him while pushing up from him and heading for the tent opening. 
     “It sounds like we are breaking camp. I will check it out. Go ahead and get dressed. You don’t need me around staring at you this time.”
     “I didn’t know you were gawking at me. You were supposed to close your eyes,” he laughed. 
     “Girl has to have some fun, right?” she answered. 
     Jacob just shook his head in disbelief, then went about gathering up his things and trying to find his blue jeans. 
     Mary came up to Sophia as she left the tent, then let her know, “The disciples are sailing over to the other shore. Jesus will follow. We are caravanning over to the other side with the others. There are thousands heading that way. We will go by the road above the beach. Get Jacob and GG ready for the trip. It should not take us more than a couple hours. We are trying to reach the other side before that storm is coming. See those dark clouds. It looks pretty bad.”
     “I will go with Jacob. I can ride with him. Where are his Romans?” asked Sophia. 
     Mary replied, “His Romans left, and Aristotle is going to check on his mom, then come back to help us. Jesus is staying and traveling over later, somehow.”
     Sophia shrugged her shoulders in an it-didn’t-make-sense motion, then went back to talk to Jacob. She stood outside the tent, then asked Jacob, “Are you decent?”
     “Girl, I am decent whether I have clothes on or not, don’t you know?” he laughed, then heard Sophia grunt.
     “I heard that,” he commented sarcastically. 
     “Okay, let’s try this again. Are you decent to everyone else but me?”
     “Girl, I will be whatever you want me to be. Yes, I am ready and dressed and have my go-shoes on. What’s going on?”
     “Oh that, well, the disciples are sailing to the other side of the sea, and Jesus is waiting here for some reason, then we are going with everyone else. There are so many people. Come on, let’s go. Aristotle went back to Jerusalem to check on his mother, then will be back to catch up and accompany us.”
     “Aristotle, did you say Aristotle,” asked Jacob shocked at the familiar name. He had never asked the Romans their names before.
     “Yes, Aristotle, what’s wrong with that?” she asked.
     “Oh, just that I knew someone who was named that back home. Just interesting, that’s all, just interesting.”
     “Oh, well I guess Jesus will be taking a short cut,” commented Jacob while running into Jesus as he said it.
     “Oh, you know about that too?” replied Jesus, laughing slightly. 
     “Did you tell Peter to wear a life jacket?” asked Jacob.
     “Oh, well, put a picture of a life jacket in your mind so I can see it,” commented Jesus. Jacob did. 
     “Oh, that is very, very funny,” replied Jesus. 
     Jesus continued, “I don’t know if I like someone knowing what I am going to say as well as what I’m going to do before I say it and do it.”
     Jacob answered honestly, “I certainly understand that. I would be uncomfortable with that too.”
     “Just don’t let others know what you know please,” asked Jesus patting Jacob on his shoulder, then nodding kindly at Sophia. Finally, Jesus pulled Jacob aside, “You must take care of Sophia for me. She loves you, Jacob. I can tell. Treat her with gentleness and care for her.”
     “Love, we are just dating, now, love?” commented Jacob.
     “Oh, that is a strange word. Does that mean learning to know someone and getting along?” asked Jesus.
     Jacob was pleased how intuitive Jesus was. It was refreshing. 
Jesus heard the prayer, then smiled and thought, “I knew he was right for Sophia. A caring gentile who loves me and the Father. What an unusual mixture all in one person.”
     “Do you want me to leave?” asked Jacob carefully. He just didn’t know how the Father had called him the 13th disciple and would be surprised about it. He was just a tourist, nothing less, nothing more. 
     “Take care of Sophia and her little brother, will you Jacob? You know that I have renamed you Musterion to everyone except my close friends and disciples. We will not call you Jacob in the company of others anymore. I have also asked that my disciples not include you in any writing they do.”
     “I guess Musterion is not such a bad name. I don’t intend on staying too much longer. Got to get back to my lecturing at the college. You know, I’m just a visitor.”
     Jesus answered, “You are much more than that,” then chuckled lightly knowing more than what he would tell now.
     “Okay, I think that Aristotle is a good kid. I believe he may be considering becoming a follower,” noted Jacob watching as Jesus nodded and smiled. 
     Sophia walked away just as Jesus turned to watch the disciples sailing away to the other side. He also watched that large storm building, then saw a quick glimpse of the dark one standing on the bluff overlooking the beach. It was not difficult to figure out where the storm came from. 
     Aristotle came riding up while Jacob mounted his horse. Torah, Sophia’s brother, motioned to Sophia to let him get on the horse behind Jacob. Sophia turned and nodded, “No, not on your life. You’re walking, Little Boy.”
     Jacob turned around and eyed Aristotle, “I like your name, Big Guy. I have a feeling that we will be good friends. Maybe, I will name a child after you one day.” He didn’t realize how intuitive he had just become with that statement. 
     Aristotle just stared at him wondering what that was all about, then nodded at him while holding his head high in true centurion fashion. He was there as much for Jesus as he was from his orders. 
     Torah complained, “That is not fair. You always get special treatment.” 
     Jacob laughed, “Yes, she is special. You might say she is the most special person I’ve met other than,” then he pointed to Jesus on the beach waving good bye to His disciples as they sailed away. 
     “I’m riding?” asked Torah looking at Aristotle.
     Aristotle shook his head, “No. This is a Roman’s horse, not for transporting a little boy, especially a Hebrew. I guess you are walking.”
     Jacob laughed, knowing the Roman pride and seeing that pride as one of their downfalls. If they had paid attention to the German borders while thinking they were invincible, then they might have survived the hordes of their own destruction. Still, he felt that Aristotle was much more than that. He saw a tender heart in him, and he felt Jesus saw the same gentleness. 
     Sophia rode behind Jacob and laid her head lovingly on his back with her arms around him in a gentle hug. This was probably the happiest that she had ever been. She looked over at Mary, and Mary smiled back seeing such a light in her eyes. Mary didn’t like the gentile side of this equation, but if Jesus was so sure of him, then what could she say. There was much more to Jacob that Jesus was not telling any of them right now. He really was a mystery. 
     The journey around the Sea of Galilee was not that adventurous, but Jacob noticed that Aristotle was getting occasional stares and snarls from the Jewish crowd. As they made their way around Sea of Galilee, the crowds started growing almost pushing against them. Jacob made GG push back against them to clear a space. It was difficult to imagine the crush of others. Even GG felt uncomfortable and whinnied, then swung his hind quarters back against those passing. 
     Sophia pushed her finger into his back to get his attention, “Are you going to stay, Jacob?”
     Jacob pulled on the reins as GG came to a complete stop, “I sense that you are asking that question for a reason. I hope it is the reason that I think.”
     “What is it that you think?” asked Sophia as she squeezed him in a tighter back hug. 
     “I think that we like each other enough that we want to believe we can stay together,” replied Jacob pushing back into her arms. 
     “Why did Jesus let us go on? How is he going to join us?” she asked. 
     “Oh, that, well he is going to meet us on the other side. He has to teach something to Peter first.”
     “What?” 
     “Oh, he has to teach him to walk on water,” he said matter factly. 
     “Why would anyone want to walk on water when they have a perfectly fine boat?” 
     Jacob laughed at the comment, then looked over at the storm covering the sea. He still could see the dark one sitting on his haunches on a high hill above them watching Jacob and Sophia very carefully. He just couldn’t figure this one out. It frustrated him and made him wonder if there were going to be more whom he couldn’t figure out. 
     He thought to himself, “That’s all I need are more of these kind of guys!” then he spit into the ground while clenching his fist in anger and even more frustration. 
The Scribes
     “He is making a nuisance of himself. Someone needs to get rid of him. How can a man do what he does? Everyone is talking about him, and he is rude and too smart for His own good,” replied the head scribe who had taken insults from Jesus before. 
     “Those disciples of His are not articulate, nor are they educated and refined like us. Still, who is this man, this gentile that the Romans are talking about all the time. He is starting to get a lot of attention too. I’ve never seen him before. They say his hair is colored light and like new wheat. Where is he from? He seems to be traveling near or with them.”
     “We are sending someone to spy on them and especially this gentile. The Romans are very fond of him. We don’t know quite what to do with him.”
     “Just watch him closely. Find a way to entrap him with Roman laws. He has to have a weakness. We heard he was their body guard, and our people are afraid of him and his Roman friends. Some say he is a Conscriptor 5000. That means that he is able to handle himself, and we have no one who is able to challenge that.”
     Jacob road along with the crowd, then noticed the storm seemed to swarm specifically toward the sea. He peered toward that direction where the disciples had sailed. He pulled his mini binoculars out and looked through them while seeing Jesus fading into the eye of the storm towards the disciples’ direction. He chuckled to himself for a moment, “Won’t Peter be surprised.”
     Sophia asked, “What is that you are looking through?” 
     “Oh, just a help for old eyes,” he replied while trying to put them away, then Sophia grabbed them from him and peered toward the sea just barely able to make out Jesus walking into the storm and on the water. 
     She gasped, then handed them back to him, “You are not going to believe what I saw.”
     “I imagine you saw Jesus walking on water, right?” he commented matter factly.  
     “How did you know?” asked Sophia in shock.
     “Girl, I’m not blind, you know?” he quipped back.
     “That was a funny way to talk. Are you mad at me for some reason? I don’t want that. I’m just not familiar with your speech and speech ways,” she commented and hugged him even more, not understanding his momentary sarcasm. 
     “I’m sorry, Sophia. I am a little edgy, you know not used to so many crowds. I have always been a loner. Don’t like the crowds. Makes me uncomfortable,” he admitted sheepishly. 
     Sophia nodded, then tapped her finger along the top of his shoulder affectionately. “I understand. My father was that way. I think he’d rather be by himself than around anyone. He was a strong man like you, very head strong, but he would not even go to the synagogue. Crowds. But that is why I wanted to be like my mother. She loved everyone and loved the crowds and the people.”
     “Opposites attract,” commented Jacob.
     “What is an opposite?” she asked.
     “That is you and me, but we like each other so we are attracted to each other. You see things in me that are not in you, and I see things in you that are not in me. We are a perfect fit,” he laughed as he said it.
     “Yes,” she hugged. “The perfect fit. Yes, yes, yes.”
     Out of the blue came this shout, “What are you doing here, gentile?” A man shouted, then stood in front of them blocking their way.
     Jacob reigned in GG, then looked down at this little man covered in robes, “What’s it to you, Little Man?”
     The scribe huffed, then put his hands out, “You are not welcome here, gentile.”     
     “I am here to guard Jesus from twrips like you,” answered Jacob. 
     “We will take care of you first, then we well take care of the devil,” the scribe shouted.
    Jacob jumped down from GG, then watched as Aristotle came up beside him. “Problem?” asked Aristotle.
     Jacob now stood towering over this scribe who probably was just under five feet, “Why did they send such a small boy do a man’s job? I’ve had 9th graders at home who are bigger than you. Would you like to start your conversation over again or would you like me to just lift you up and dump you off the sea hill onto the beach. Maybe I will just throw your like a bouncy ball? Name your poison. This conversation is about big boat rule. It does not matter what boat has right away. Big boat rules. I’m the big boat, and you better realize it,” he replied sarcastically while pushing his finger into the scribe’s chest and looked down at him in disgust. Jacob commented to himself, “He is a midget.”
     Aristotle just moved back a little and waited in anticipation for what he thought might happen as the scribe eyed him, not quite sure what a Roman soldier had to do with this gentile to begin with. Aristotle made him nervous, but this mountain in front of him was making him rethink what in the world he was doing. This was not the way this was supposed to go. He shrunk back and looked toward his fellow scribes watching them slinking back away from the confrontation, then he realized he was alone, and Jacob was not budging. 
     He turned slowly around and walked away towards his friends, then just as he was about 20 feet away, he starting running away as fast as he could. This was not a good day. 
     Aristotle commented to Jacob, “I guess he wasn’t in the mood to be tossed. Those guys are a pain in our rear end. They just can’t stand not poking their noses in all of our business. They hate us Romans, then they use us to try to straighten up their religious messes. They keep trying to pull us into their mess, but we avoid it when we can most of the time. I think your way is so better. Big boat rule, right?” 
     “Yes,” Jacob laughed, “Works every time.” Jacob continued, “What did he want from me?” 
     “He wanted you to go away. You and I are gentiles. I guess we don’t belong here. Like I mentioned, their mess. They don’t want us sticking our noses in it either.”
     “They really don’t like Jesus, do they?” stated Jacob knowing he was answering from history as he jumped back on GG. He was just stating it not expecting an answer. 
     This time Sophia answered him, “Oh, my gosh, no!” he is a threat to their existence. He is absolutely the worst nightmare for them. He shakes up their world. He acts like a god and talks like a sage, then loves like a savior, but they don’t like any of it. They just want him gone, but because of the crowds who love him, I don’t see that happening any time soon.” 
     Jacob commented calmly, “They won’t be satisfied until He is hanging on a cross on Golgotha Hill. I got news for them. He is God, and they may hang him on a cross, but he will rise from the dead. How about that for a prophecy?”
     Sophia was shocked at what he said, “You just said a mouth full. Did you really mean all that? How is it possible for a man to rise from the dead?” 
     She was also bothered by how Jacob pushed the scribe around. She felt that he was acting a little bullish and didn’t like it. She thought that she needed to pull back a little on her feelings for Jacob. She was especially concerned about what he said about Jesus being killed on a cross and being raised from the dead. This was scaring her. 
     She swung down off GG and moved closer to Torah and walked quietly. Jacob noticed and wondered what happened, but Aristotle also noticed, “I don’t think she liked the way you talked to that scribe. Just a feeling. Being a little sensitive I guess. You might want to make it up to her somehow. Most women don’t understand us soldiers. How we think. How we act. You are no different than the rest of us in that case.” 
     “No, whatever it is, I will just give her room and space,” he winked at Aristotle. “I don’t chase. One of my cardinal rules. If things are meant to be, then it will happen naturally without big efforts or jumping over buildings in a single bound.”
     “Who does that?” asked Aristotle
     “Oh, him, just a guy who wears colored tights,” he laughed, then continued to ride next to Aristotle following Sophia, Torah, and the crowd. 
     As the crowd approach the other side of the sea, Jacob saw Jesus and His disciples gathered together while Jesus walked among the crowd praying over them, blessing them, and healing them.  
     Jesus looked up and noticed Sophia walking along with Torah. He also read her emotions and knew that Jacob had done something wrong, just a personal thing that he felt was not serious, but figured that Jacob’s strong will was enough to push her away if he didn’t watch it. Jacob and Jesus eyes met, and Jacob did the thumbs up again with Jesus returning it in like fashion. Peter saw Jacob and bristled. Peter was not as fond of him as others. Still, he was learning to accept Jacob more every minute. He was slowly changing his mind about him. Judas ran toward Jacob in a full-hug greeting. 
     “Jesus liked your K fied chikin. I tasted it too. It was very good. I especially like that what you called “original” pieces. Who is that man on the cover with the white hair? Did you honor the leader of your country by putting him on that box?”
     Jacob bent over laughing, then Judas a little embarrassed started laughing with him. Jesus looked over at Jacob and Judas, then did another thumbs up. Jacob put his arm around Judas’ shoulder then spoke, “Listen, Bubba, the President of the United States wouldn’t be caught dead on a chicken box although he might be willing to share some publicity on a frozen fried-okra box. He is from the South, but the chicken thing is a little too much South for him. Judas, you are really one okay guy.” 
     Judas didn’t understand a word or the meaning of what Jacob was saying but did understand several words, ‘Bubba and okay guy. He flushed red in the compliment then stated simply, “Jesus called Peter Bubba right after he saved him from drowning. You know walking on the sea.”
     Jacob answered, “Oh, I’m rubbing off. I wonder how much of history is going to be changed by that one word. I can only imagine. Did he ever say, “Bro,” yet?”
     “Actually, he did say that to Andrew just a minute ago. Your language is quite fun,” laughed Judas.
     Peter came over to them and put his hand out to Jacob, then pulled him in for a manly hug and the kiss of the brethren, “I am sorry that I have not been as friendly as I should. Jesus told me that you want to protect us and him from harm. I have to believe him, but it is hard to believe. He said that you were a famous soldier where you come from. I do not understand your love for Jesus from a gentile, but I accept it and appreciate it.”
     “Oh, Peter, you will come to accept us gentiles more in the future. We will all become one in love for our Master,” Jacob noted watching Peter’s face flinch with his oneness note, then even more when Jacob called Jesus “our master.” 
     “Jacob, I sense that you know far more about us than you are telling. I heard from Sophia that you mentioned that the scribes and Pharisees want to kill him. She even mentioned that they want to crucify him. How do you know things like that unless the heavenly Father has revealed them to you? When I asked Jesus about that, he only nodded, but he did not deny it. If that is true, then we need you more than ever.”
     “I will protect you all as long as Jesus lets me. When he says to stop, then I will stop, but I will always be nearby. By the way, how did you like your boat trip,” asked Jacob smiling sneakily.
     “Who told you about that? Oh, Judas, he is such a blabber mouth. He never stops talking even when he has nothing to say. Actually, I would like to try it again, but I got a good start, just lost my balance a little.”
     Jacob put his arm around Peter’s shoulder and whispered, “You will do far more in the future than walk on water. You are just beginning to learn.”
     Peter exclaimed, “That’s it! I told you that you know far more than you are telling about us! I don’t know whether I like that or not, but I am glad The Wolf is on our side.”
     Aristotle came up behind them in the last exchange, “I too am glad that The Wolf is on our side and pleased to know that I am too but don’t tell anybody right now, our secret.”
    Peter and Jacob nodded together towards Aristotle as the crowds scurried away from Aristotle as he came walking towards them. The crowds still considered the Romans the infidel and the enemies. 
     Jacob looked around for an open space with so many people. He figured that this is where the feeding of the 5000 was supposed to take place. He overheard several of the crowd talking about how hungry they were, then noticed that Jesus was listening too. Suddenly, Jacob knew that he was supposed to help. He looked up with that realization and right at Jesus. Jesus nodded “yes” to him and Jacob knew what he had to do. He pulled GG along and whispered to Aristotle to get some of the disciples and follow him while he set up his tent. 
    Jacob told Aristotle, “Tell them to bring me some baskets.”
    Sophia joined them and walked up close to Jacob purposely bumping him with her hips as they walked, then helped him set up his tent, which was a funny way of watching a tent appear and expand on its own in front of her, “Jesus told me to help you.”
     “I want you to come into the tent with me and hand out food to the disciples for the crowd. Don’t ask how I can do it and don’t say words like magic or miracle, just help me.”
     Sophia nodded, then followed him into the tent and watched as Jacob ordered the food through the transfer portal, “Corn bread and catfish nuggets.”
     Sophia asked, “What are those?”
     “I told you not to ask so many questions,” he whispered back. “They are the closest thing I know to what you all eat. My transfer module does not know your food exactly. It has to be what’s on our menu.”
     Sophia saw the food appearing on a small table without anyone around, then as Jacob filled the baskets, she kept handing them out to the disciples. Even Aristotle helped distribute the food. There was a little hesitation from the crowds, not exactly knowing the food, then an immediate and welcome picnic atmosphere where they were asking for seconds and thirds. Some were taking food and stuffing it into their knapsacks for later. There was such excitement that it was even difficult to describe.
     Sophia admitted, “I am not asking you anything, but you have no idea how much I want to.”
     “I’m sure you do. I would, but not now,” commented Jacob. 
     “They need water, only a few have brought it with them. We didn’t bring enough for so many. I hate to ask you for something; but if you can do this, then you can do that.”
   Just at that moment Aristotle peeked his head in the tent, “Where in the world is all this food coming from? How in the …..”
     Aristotle stood in shock as more food appeared, then he asked what Jacob didn’t want Sophia to ask, “How is this happening? Is this magic or sorcery?”
     “Aristotle, I do not want to answer that question right now, but it is science. Now, I will answer what science is later. Right now, I want you to distribute these bottles of water to the crowds. You will have to show them how to twist it to the left and that they can twist it back it they want to keep the bottles for later. These bottles are in crates of 24 to a crate. You got a lot of work to do.”
     “Science. I can’t wait to hear about that, later, right?” while he hollered for the disciples to pick up the crates and distribute them. He showed them the twist move. 
     Sophia took Jacob’s hand and kissed it gently, “You are such a blessing to so many of us. I do not understand you or your science, but everything you do is to help not harm. How can I not love a person like you?”
    Jacob pulled her close to him, “I heard you say love. No one has said that word to me in years. You have to know that I feel the same way about you. I do not know how the future will change with this happening, but I am willing to take a chance on that.”
    They both embraced and kissed passionately just as Aristotle came back, “Whoa! Guys! You go, Jacob! Oh, just to let you know, the people are fed and have their water. Do you know that we have just provided for over 5000 people? I will ask you later about your science.”
     Jacob and Sophia did not pull apart for his intrusion just both waved him away with one of their free hands and continued to make the most of their moment as Aristotle slipped out shaking his head in disbelief for what had taken place even the disbelief about Jacob the gentile and a Hebrew girl. He knew that wouldn’t go over very well if anyone else knew. They wouldn’t know from him. A secret is a secret. 
     Jacob shrugged and did not answer. 
     Jesus approached Jacob as the crowds disbanded taking some of their food goods with them and admiring the water bottle hoping to figure out just the things they could keep in it. It was like a treasure and a wonderful gift. They talked about it among themselves while others were bartering to get more from others if they could. No none was playing.
     Suddenly, Jacob’s recording device started streaming again. It was a surprise to Jacob and even Jesus noticed the surprised look in Jacob’s face while he heard a voice input from control that he was online again. He noticed that it stopped working right before Jesus went for His famous water walk. 
     Dr. Ely commented, “What happened? Did you forget to turn it back on again? We were just getting static. What did we miss? We just saw the food transport portal going crazy. What are you doing, feeding an army?”
     Jesus said simply, “Your people are listening again, aren’t they?” 
     Jacob was almost embarrassed of the intrusion, “Yes.”
     “Don’t be concerned, Jacob. I am not. Let them listen and watch if they want. Maybe, just maybe, someone of your people will be drawn to me and the Father. Just maybe,” he commented smiling and patting Jacob on his shoulder lovingly. 
     Jesus continued, “I told my disciples that they could not speak of what you did except to say that it was just some bread and a broken fish. I suppose the historians will have to put a little of their influence on it, won’t they? How can you tell those of your time that a man came and gave us corn bread and catfish nuggets? Isn’t that what you called them? Don’t answer, then the bottles for water. Now, that is something I never expected. I guess your world is full of such marvelous things. It seems so strange to us, but to you it is common and every day. Still, I appreciate you helping my followers.  I noticed that Sophia liked it,” Jesus stated in a continuous stream of talk without a break.
     “So you just change it a little so it fits and leave it like that, right?” asked Jacob laughing to himself. 
     “You are the one changing history, not me. You should not be here. You know that,” Jesus commented back abruptly. 
     “Jesus, are you angry at me?” Jacob asked being shocked at the curtness of His reply. He wondered how others would respond to such a frank discussion. 
     “Let us just say that I find this situation very difficult. If you were not here, I would have done exactly what history said that I would do. You know, the little boy and the loaves and fish. But you were here, and you were convenient. That was my mistake. I won’t do that again. No, not angry, just frustrated. My Father believes in what you are going to do for us far into the future. I will always be obedient to Him. I do believe you are the 13th disciple for some of those very important reasons. One of them is Aristotle. I will talk more about him at another time. Another will be your children between you and Sophia. The other will be the help that you will provide to Paul and Stephen sometime in the future. I want you to stop the death of Stephen by the stoning and persuade Paul not to ask to go to Caesar so much. I want to see what the world would be like if they both lived to be a hundred at least 20 or 30 years more. Imagine what the world would be like if just that happens. I believe that. For those reasons, you are convenient, and I love you for that. I guess you might say that I am meddling, but what else is the Father and His son to do? Let’s face it, those two could change the face of Christian history as you know it. I know I used that word “Christian,” but is that not what you call it? Good word, great meaning. Of course, you can tell your Muslim group that they might lose some followers, so as you say just tell them to get over it. My Father is not interested in what they think or believe.”
     Dr. Ely pulled back suddenly from the viewer as he was listening. He gulped hard, then realized that his wife was right. This little change with Paul and Stephen could be a huge deal breaker for his own Muslim religion. It could set them back 100’s if not 1000’s of years and millions of followers. He had to do something to stop Jacob from going back to do what Jesus wanted. He nervously excused himself and pushed his way out of the sound room and into a nearby hall literally hyperventilating from the crush of those thoughts. 
     “I see, so I accept that. I guess I kind of made things a little messy, didn’t I?” Jacob stated simply. Still, it did not register Jesus’ comment about him and Sophia. It would more later.  
     “Yes, a little, but I can handle it. Just don’t do any more science for a little while. Well, if you do, keep it private between you, Sophia, and Aristotle, okay?” 
     “Okay,” nodded Jacob, then he noticed Sophia coming with Aristotle right beside her.
     Suddenly, the recording device clicked off again. Still, it was just enough to send earthquake-type rumblings through his time and those watching the activities. It was the going viral almost as fast as it was being streamed. That was the most exciting event in history as well as time travel anyone could ever expect to happen. Jesus nodded to Jacob about the disruption, and there was a notable deep sigh from Jesus and Jacob that it was not still running: private again. Still, this was something that Jacob did want to record so he smacked the left side of his head, and it came on again.  
     Jacob asked, “You know, would you mind if I took your pictures. I mean you three are here, and I’d join you, do you mind?”
     Jesus turned in a questioning look as did Sophia and Aristotle. Jesus asked, “I absolutely do not know what you are talking about. This is your science again, isn’t it?” 
     “Yes, I’m sorry. I brought some science with me. I promise it won’t take but a second,” then he pulled out his smart phone called the I-Phone 370. He took it and put it on a selfie stick and motioned for everyone to gather together. They did what he wanted, but they did not understand any of it. Jesus put his arm around Sophia’s shoulder and around Jacob’s waist while Aristotle kneeled in front of them looking at this long pole with a bright shiny mirror like device on the end of it. 
     Jacob said, “Okay, please smile for me, everyone. Good, now again. Great. Now everyone do the thumbs up.” Everyone did, then Jacob jumped up took the phone off the selfie stick and scanned the pictures showing them all what he did. 
     Jesus stared as did they all, then said, “Can I do that for just myself?”
     Jacob chuckled a little, then showed Jesus how to do it and watched as Jesus did a thumbs up for one, then pointed to heaven in another, then finally just did a little bow. 
     Jacob mentioned, “I would have taken them for you without you doing that.”
     “I see, but I wanted to handle your science myself to prove I could do it,” replied Jesus proudly. “Did I do okay?”
     “Perfect, just perfect,” replied Jacob, then Jesus picked the phone from him in a casual snatch.
     “You must have other pictures. Can I see them?” asked Jesus.
     Jacob became very nervous. He knew that before he left he had downloaded a ton of Bing pictures from the Internet to share for people he chose, but did not think that it would be Jesus. In fact, he did not know why he brought them at all. He felt that it was just a little anchor to his world that he wanted to look at himself from time to time, but he did not think he would be showing Jesus his pictures. 
     “I am almost afraid to show you pictures of my world. I am nervous that it will influence you in some way to do or not to do something that you would or would not do if you had not seen them. What if I showed you a picture of how violent my world is and you would change your heart about being who you are and what you would do.”
     Jesus looked surprised at his nervousness, then stated simply, “Well, you are already changing things, now, just because you are here, aren’t you? I have not changed my mind or my commitment to do what I need to do. I have just changed my daily plans a little and watched my Father take advantage of what and who you are for His Kingdom. I understand. I will see it all in your mind as you think it anyway. Here, some other time,” he commented as he handed back the phone. 
     Jacob did a sigh of relief and thought to himself why he made such a big deal. Then, he realized that he had pictures of cities, boats and planes, homes, cars, people, women, and just a glimpses of those beautiful places he always like to go. He didn’t even understand himself why he was so hesitant, but Jesus shrugged and returned to His disciples. 
     Sophia and Aristotle also did not understand the confusion, but kept quiet while watching Jacob break out into a deep sweat around his face and neck, then flushed red in the heat of the moment. 
     Aristotle smiled at Jesus, and Jesus smiled back. Aristotle knew that Jesus was everything he said he was. Jesus turned and left to go join His disciples as they gathered together to go back to the other side of the sea. Several of His disciples had already taken advantage of the bottles and had poured some of the wine from wineskins into them for the trip. Jacob figured they would be fully lit by the time they made it to the other side. Jacob pressed on his communication device to turn it off. 
     Aristotle said simply, “Science, explain.” Sophia nodded in agreement as they sat down together to talk. This was due or die time for Jacob. He had to tell them what was going on. He owed them that. 
      “I am really a man out of place here with you. It may have been wrong for me to come,” replied Jacob reluctantly. 
     “No, no, don’t say that Jacob,” cried Sophia as she grabbed his motioning hand and pulled it to her lips, then kissed it gently. 
     Aristotle put his palm up in front as if to stop Jacob from saying anymore. “You are here because you mean something to both of us. We are your friends, and we are all friends of Jesus. Where you come from does not matter. I knew that you were not the conscriptor you claimed to be. I knew a man who fought beside him in Germania. He saw him get killed. In fact, he had a charm that was one of his favorite that he sold to me. I bought it from him over a year ago. Here, take it.”
     Jacob was stunned by Aristotle’s admission, then asked, “Why didn’t you say anything to your captain?”
     “I was interested in being near Jesus. You were going to be near him and so I figured that I could be near him that way too,” answered Aristotle. 
     “So, Jesus was right,” commented Jacob quietly. 
     “What did Jesus say?” asked Aristotle.
     “He said that you were important to the Kingdom, the Kingdom of heaven like I was, but he did not tell me why. You would not have been near Jesus if it had not been for me. I brought you to Him. I guess you are right. I may just be the right person at the right time even though I am out of time.”
     Sophia was listening intently, then gazed away almost with a spacy face staring away from both of them but still listening and thinking and considering, then a tear ran down her face. 
     Jacob noticed, then cocked his head to one side in concern asking, “What’s wrong Sophia?” He moved closer to her and put his arm around her shoulder while she still didn’t move, just remained still, still thinking. 
     “You are going to go home? You are not planning on staying here? You will go home to your country? You will leave and go home? You will leave me before we have a chance?”
     “Oh, I see. Oh, no,” exclaimed Jacob noticing the pained look in her face and understanding completely what was going on.     
     Aristotle commented, “I believe you two need to be alone. We will talk more later. I am your friend and not your enemy, Jacob. ” Aristotle did not know what the Jacob-Sophia outcome would be, but he knew that he was part of whatever it was that Jacob planned to do. It was all part of a master plan, and he was excited that he was part of it, especially since Jesus was involved. 
     Peter saw Jesus returning from talking with the others. He noticed the unusual activity as they took their pictures as did some of the others. There was a sense of confusion that surrounded the event, but Peter was not bashful, never had been, never would be, “What was that all about?”
     “Oh, just doing some pictures and a selfie or two,” commented Jesus as he jumped in the boat and prepared to sail back to the other side of the sea. 
     Andrew followed impatiently with Peter right beside him asking, “What is a picture?”
     “Oh, don’t worry about that, Andrew. It is just some of Jacob’s science. You know him and the unusual, right?” He replied almost monotone while being distracted by some cakes that the women had left Him in the bow of the boat. He always like those special prizes and always thanked them for it.   
     Jacob waved casually at Jesus as Jesus and His disciples prepared to sail away. Sophia put her arm through his and pulled him along towards GG, then he swung on and pulled her behind him. She encircled her arms around him and laid her face against his back and smiled back at Aristotle. 
     “Where are we going?” asked Sophia, then she asked in concern, “Am I always going with you?”
     “That’s up to you or shall I say us, right?” commented Jacob.
     “Us, is there is an us?” asked Sophia gently squeezing his shoulder, then laid her face back on his back. 
     Jacob commented leaning back into her embrace when he did, “There will always be us. I promise. There will always be us.”
     “Will you take me back to your home country when you go back?” she asked nervously while fingering with a free hand across his shoulder. 
     “I will being going back soon. I would like to think that you would want to go. Will you?” asked Jacob nervously himself this time. 
     “Yes! Yes! I do. I really do! I want to go!” exclaimed Sophia. 
     “This talk is really becoming something special, isn’t it?” asked Jacob. 
     “We are special, Jacob. Don’t you know that?” commented Sophia. 
     “I guess what Jesus said was true,” stated Jacob, not knowing whether he should have said it or not. 
     “What did Jesus say about us?” she asked carefully. 
     “I shouldn’t have said anything. It was just a foresight that we would have children one day. How is that for being special?”
     Sophia slapped the back of his head, and he ducked like a scolded dog. “Why did you do that?”
     “Because you are holding back on me. He told you that, and you never told me. I bet if we had a boy, you would want to call him Little Aristotle, right?”
     Jacob froze with that comment. How could this all be this way? This was way too strange and bizarre. He shook his head in amazement and didn’t say anything. 
      He finally answered her first question, “I just did tell you. I just did. Gracious! Girl. Give me a break. We are talking special, then Jesus is talking children, then I’m talking and you slapping my head like that. Girl, watch it. I swat back,” he laughed as he said it. 
     Aristotle saw the chat and the hugs, “You going to go with Jacob when he goes home?” asked Aristotle. 
     “It looks like it,” they both answered together. 
     “That makes me happy,” Aristotle stated smiling happily. He could see the spark and loved it. 
     Jacob commented again, “A man doesn’t tell his girlfriend everything, you know.”
     Sophia was silent, then poked his back casually as if tapping on a shoulder, “What is a girlfriend?”
     “Oh, my gosh! Sophia! You are my girlfriend, aren’t you?” he asked twisting his head around trying to look her in the eyes when he said it. 
     “Does that mean we like each other?” she asked nervously. 
     “Oh, yes, but more than that,” remarked Jacob, not knowing whether he liked the way this was progressing. 
       Sophia loved the conversation, then stopped and asked, “Where are you from again?”
     “America, right? Well, I guess if you both are my almost only friends and confidants that it won’t hurt to give you a little more information.”
     Jacob got off GG and sat down with them on the beach sand playing with it in his fingers while Sophia leaned over behind and gently rubbed his shoulders as if to help him relax, encircled him with her arms in a bear hug, then swung down beside him while laying her head on his shoulder. Jacob didn’t know if he could ever have any moment in his life as right now. It was a moment of comfort, friendship, and love. It made everything he had done in his life complete. Still, there was a nagging sense that he did not want to be around for the crucifixion. He couldn’t handle that. Still, he wanted to stay just a little more if for nothing more than Sophia. He wondered if he really could and should take her back. He knew that sooner or later he would go back. He had time for that.
     Aristotle sat in front of him, and they all leaned close to him so his voice could not be overheard. “Science is the study of way things work. It is the way humans have used nature to do more things by understanding more about it. It is a date of BC now. I am from the far future sent back in time for a short visit to see Jesus from the year 2090. That means that I am from 2090 years in the future. Think what that might mean.”
     As he said that, Aristotle gasp out loud, Sophia started crying, and Jesus turned to him too far away to hear, but he heard anyway with a shocked look on His face. Jesus did not realize the real specifics of this science journey to see Him. He did now. It perplexed Him, and he was interested now in what more Jacob would say. 
     He turned to His disciples, “Hold on a second. I want to speak to Jacob.”
    Jacob turned his communication streaming on again seeing Jesus walking towards Him. Aristotle moved over to let Jesus sit between them. Sophia pulled her head away from Jacob’s shoulder with a little embarrassment for her public affection, then Jesus shook His head “no” and motioned for her to return to her head leaning and coziness. She smiled and hugged Jacob sideways with just a little girlish squeal. 
     Jesus asked, “This place in the future 2090 that you spoke about. Is it beautiful and peaceful? Do people love each other or is there still hatred and violence as in this world we live in now?”
     Of all the questions that Jesus could ask, why did he ask that, thought Jacob. He figured that Jesus wanted to know on a large scale of things that somehow it all worked out, eventually.
     “I know, you think I can always go to my Father and ask Him, but he does not tell me everything. My Spirit was with the Father in the beginning of time. We were there and started all of this. He and I created this world for you. We are both eternal, then things got messed up, to use a phrase that you might use.”
     “Some things are better, others not,” spoke Jacob openly. 
     “I guess there is no sugar coating it. Isn’t that a word phrase that you would use?” asked Jesus while becoming very quiet for a moment.  
    “Yes, exactly. There is way too much violence except when we have violence you can measure death in thousands, not by your finger count. Maybe even hundreds of thousands sometimes. You are still a principle figure of your Father in our midst. There are millions of Christians as we call them, but there are millions of others who do not believe, even the Muslims, remember?”
     “I never did like Mohammed the last time I saw him. He was such a weasel to use one of your own words. When he arrived to be processed, he wanted his 72 virgins. I have never seen so many people laughing in my life. He was in shock. He finally just begged for one, then it was pretty obvious that he had been so wrong. He went to a place we call the abandoned lands, not exactly heaven and not exactly hell, just to be alone. My Father finally made it so he had to stay there. He was not a happy camper as you would say. That was one messed up Bubba. He could have left that place, but he would never repent of what he believed. He would never accept that he was wrong. He was like poison to everyone he came in contact with. He had to be isolated.”
    Jacob laughed at his response and thought just how much good it would do for others in his time to hear Jesus talk about this this way. Then remembered that it was streaming, and they were.  
     “I have a question for you.”
    Jesus said, “Don’t ask it. I refuse to get into your political, moral, and cultural problems. You have the scriptures to coach you along and to those who have my Spirit dwelling in them, then they have my personal instructions. I sensed you were even going to ask me about what I thought about Democrats and Republicans or cows marrying chickens. I refuse to engage in that. Don’t even go there. I didn’t screw your world up, you all did.”
     “Okay, I got, I got it. Well, we are advanced with science and even have ships that travel the stars, and there are colonies on several planets right now: the Moon, Mars and Pluto. Many more.”
     Jesus turned to Jacob and drew him close for a whisper, “What about your souls? It doesn’t do you much good to be able to do all that if you lose the real meaning of life. Have you forgotten who you are really designed to be from my own Father?”
      Jacob was caught by surprise by such a rebuke from Jesus. This is not what he wanted. He wanted to visit, to tour, to talk, to share, to know, to meet, then this rebuke.
     Jesus noticed the alarm. He pulled back, then gently put His hand on Jacob’s face. “I mean you no harm. I know that your heart is in the right place. I am sorry for your world and its problems. It is a sad thing to realize that your world has lost its soul. You may have yours, but you are only a small minority. I am sad for your world. Now, why don’t you and Sophia go and complete this journey of yours. You know what I want you to do, right?”
     “You said something about Paul and Stephen. It’s a ways away. What do I do in the mean time? Twiddle my thumbs,” asked Jacob sarcastically and regretting it after words.
     “Now, now, not so much of your dark humor, please,” remarked Jesus. “Go home now. Go back to your time. Take Sophia with you and return later. Stephen will be preaching in front of the Temple of Diana while Paul will be waiting after his Road of Damascus experience. You need to figure out your timing so you can help them both.”
     “You are really serious about this?” asked Jacob.
     “Of course, I am. I seldom am anything but serious. No time to waste on anything else. I know you don’t want to be near when I am crucified. I understand. At times, I don’t want to be either, but I have made a choice as the Son of God. I voluntarily will fulfil my Father’s commandments.”
     There was a loud squeal from Sophia when she heard him say the word, “Crucify.”
     Jesus felt the alarm, “I’m sorry, but I am not. I will be telling the disciples the same things, but many of them just won’t listen. Well, you know that, don’t you, Jacob?” 
     Jacob nodded in agreement remembering just how dense the disciples seemed to be according to scriptures about the crucifixion. They just didn’t believe it would happen. 
     “What about Aristotle?” asked Jacob.
     “Take him with you, too. He should be like a son to you. Like family. Is your device still working?” asked Jesus. Jesus seemed to sense it was.
     All of a sudden Jacob heard from central, “We have been getting all of this feed with Jesus. Keep it up. You are making history. We heard the request from Jesus. Let us know about a recapture time, and we will be waiting.”
     Sophia saw the surprise on Jacob’s face as before, then asked Jesus, “What is wrong? Is everything okay?”
     Jesus nodded? “Yes,” then walked away towards His disciples who were waiting patiently. He knew that Jacob, Sophia, and Aristotle would be going back soon. He felt a comfort knowing that someone out there believed regardless of the way the rest of Jacob’s world was going backwards.
     Jacob turned to Sophia and Aristotle, then spoke quietly to them so no one else could hear, “Jesus wants me to go back home, where I came from, to leave.”
     Sophia yelped loudly and tears came streaming down her face as she reached over and hung off Jacob squeezing him so hard he could barely continue. “Did I not hear Jesus say to take me and Aristotle with you?”
     Aristotle was also alarmed and chimed in, “Yes, do what Jesus asked. Take us both with you. I will not be a problem. I promise!”
     Jacob was so deeply moved by the explosive emotions. He saw Jesus turnaround from Sophia’s voice, then nodded “yes,” then did a thumbs up toward Jacob. Sophia and Aristotle saw it at the same time. 
     Almost together they replied, “Jesus wants it too, right?”
     Jacob laughed slightly, “Yes, Jesus wants that too and wants me to take you both with me, but only to return with me much later. He has given us a mission, a big one. He has given us His blessings.”
     There was this communal hug going on while Sophia wiped the tears from her eyes, and Aristotle put a hand into the air and shouted, “Yes, yes, yes, yes!” 
     Sophia turned suddenly and started picking through her things that she dragged along in a large knapsack. She pulled out another blue colored robe, held it up to her then threw it over her shoulder. She also pulled some rather private pieces with her back toward Jacob and Aristotle and rolled them up in the robe. Jacob and Aristotle noticed and did a connected laugh. 
     Jacob remarked, “Women. Got to let them have their girly things, right?”
     Aristotle laughed again, then Sophia shouted back at them, “I heard that! You leave my girly things to me.”
     Jacob and Aristotle laughed again while she festered, then picked up a ceramic pot that she kept her cooking herbs in until Jacob stopped her. 
     “Sophia, you can’t take all that. My world has everything you need. There is nothing that you will lack for. Girly things, fine. Aristotle, swords, gear, no. Only my gear and toys are allowed. You will be given new clothes and things when you get there. No one wears robes or things like that. You will be provided everything.”
     Sophia stopped, then looked at her sandals on her feet, then asked, “Shoes?”
     Jacob said, “Some things never change. Yes, shoes, as many shoes in as many colors as you could imagine. Keep your sandals for when you come back with me. Aristotle do you want to go back and say goodbye to your mother?”
     “Well, it might surprise you, but my mother told me that you were going to ask me to go with you. She said that the Lord came to her in a dream. She only asked that I send her back my helmet as a sign that I had gone. I didn’t believe her until now.”
     “Your helmet, hmmmm. Well, get Torah, Sophia’s brother, to take care of that for you. In a dream, hmmmm. Okay, I’m good with that.”
     Sophia came and stood next to Jacob while Aristotle ran over and explained to Sophia’s brother what to do. He was excited about having a Roman soldier helmet and tucked it away.
     Jacob stopped for a moment, then walked closely to GG. Hey, Big G, do you want to stay and keep little brother company or go back with me through that fast tunnel?” GG cocked his head to the side, then went over and nudged on Torah while he rubbed his nose. 
     “I see, well I figured from the last time that you may not like doing that again. You know I love you, Big Guy. You will be well taken care of. I will be back in about 30. Just take care of him for us, will you?” GG nuzzled into Jacob’s arms and let him scratch his head, then whinnied loudly while walking back over to Torah.
     “You GG to take care of, and he will take care of you. I want you to follow Jesus and His disciples. I will see you one day soon. Me, Sophia, and Aristotle are taking a trip. When you see us years from now, we will look the same. We will look forward to catching up. Do us a favor. If you meet a Christian preacher by the name of Stephen, then tell him that we are coming to see him and help out a little.”
    Torah looked curiously Jacob, not quite understanding what was going on. Sophia walked up beside Jacob and put her hand in his, then Aristotle stood closely in front of them both. He seemed to sense that this is the way it was supposed to happen. 
     Central asked, “Are you all within a five-foot circle so we can bring you back. You know we can go up to thirty feet. At a count of five press the button on the right upper side of your transport watch. You don’t need us to do it. You are in control.”
     Jacob answered out loud, “Yes, we are. I guess you know by now that I am bringing some friends.”
     “We heard. Dr. Ely got upset about you going back to help Paul and Stephen. He came back a minute ago and heard what Jesus said about Mohammed. I thought he would have a stroke and ran out of the building. We haven’t figured that out yet. We are ready, Houston.”
     “Okay, Houston,” laughed Jacob. 
     Sophia asked, “What is Houston?”
     “Inside word, just a word,” replied Jacob. 
     “We’ve been listening to everything that is going on, now. You have no idea how exciting it was to listen to you and Jesus talking. We have captured His image, and the feed has been rolling ever since going out to all the major networks. You will not believe the funding that we are receiving from your adventure. What we got made people crazy trying to watch everything they can about you two. Everyone is wanting to meet Sophia and Aristotle too. They will be like rock stars.”
     “When I get back, I want to go to the islands to have some privacy and a well-earned vacation, with Sophia. Aristotle too if he wants. We have all the time in the world to get them acclimated to our world. I promise when we get back that whatever you want we will comply. Rock stars, huh. That’s interesting. Hold on a minute.”
     Jacob saw Jesus almost getting on the boat, “Jesus, please, come back for a second. Please!”
     Jesus turned and walked briskly towards them, then sensed they were about to leave, “What is it, Jacob?”
     “I want you to marry Sophia and me before we leave,” he asked, then watched Jesus smile as he picked up both their hands. Sophia was in shock. This was what she wanted, but she was still in shock. Jesus noticed it. 
     “You realize that the Jewish have a greater ceremony than just a blessing. Show me, Jacob in your mind what it is you expect and want?”
     Jacob realized that just a modern okay from Jesus was what was needed, but it was not customary. He put an image in his mind of a modern marriage ceremony with “I do’s.”
     Jesus understood completely, he rubbed His beard, then nodded in agreement. He stated simply, “That is very simple, isn’t it?”
     Jesus continued, “Sophia, do you want to marry this man? Jacob?” he asked staring intently into her eyes. 
     “Yes, but, but, but,” she stumbled. 
     “I’ll take that as a, ‘Yes.’ Jacob, do you want to marry Sophia? I guess I know that answer,” remarked Jesus while He pulled them even closer to him for a moment. 
     “Yes, more than anything right now. Yes!” proclaimed Jacob. 
     “Okay, well, I announce you as husband and wife. Is that simple enough?” He put up His hand in a Spock form and continued, “Live long and prosper.”
     Jacob was caught completely off guard, “How did you know that and how to do that.”
     “The Father shows me all sorts of things about you and your world. I happen to like that one,” announced Jesus very pleased with Himself.
     “The Father shows you movies?” asked Jacob thinking it was unbelievable. 
     “Somewhat. I peek at your world every once in a while, but I did not realize how much into the future that I was looking. I do now. I am eternal as the Father. Nothing is actually not within our reach. Movies. Is that what you call them? Like plays with science, right?” Jesus tossed back casually.
     Jacob heard the countdown, “You have a minute more. Ask Jesus to move back several feet, or we really will have a party if He came too. He has things to do, right?”
     Jesus moved back about almost fifty feet, then stated, “I heard. Tell them I appreciate the invitation and hope to see all of you one day. In my Father’s house are many mansions.” 
     Jacob remarked quickly grabbing and holding to Sophia and Aristotle in a family hug, everyone touching, “I always thought that meant dimensions.”
     “Very good. You used your word to explain something that most people miss. In my Father’s house are many dimensions, places, worlds, portals, and doors. Love you all and mean it.”
     Jacob, Sophia, and Aristotle disappeared in front of Jesus and Torah, and the disciples noticed, then came running. 
     Peter shouted, “We must build a shrine here for them. The Father took them to heaven!”
     Jesus remarked, “Will you just stop it! He went home and took his friends with him.”
     Peter insisted, “But, they just left. This is astounding. We should honor them!”
     “The best way to honor them is to be obedient and honor me. If you do, then where they are going will not be as bad as when they left it. They will have changed things for the good. Think about that.”
    Peter nodded and the disciples seem to be so moved with it that several went to be by themselves to pray. Jesus noticed, then decided to join them as they reflected on how marvelous the Father was to them all to witness something so wonderful. 


Part III
The Return
     Seconds later, Jacob, Sophia, and Aristotle appeared still holding to each other while all of them began throwing up and clutching the ground, then Sophia started kissing it. 
     “What in the hades was that!” shouted Sophia surprising both Jacob and Aristotle for her exclamation.
     Jacob picked himself from off the floor of the receiving area as doctors and retrieval personnel swarmed them. For several minutes, Sophia and Jacob were separated as they wheeled them all in on gurneys while prodding and probing to make sure that the vitals were okay. 
     Sophia looked so scared from seeing so many strange-looking people. They were all in white medical dress with white masks while holding her down to the gurney, then she felt sharp needle pains in both arms before she blacked out. Jacob stood above Sophia watching and waiting for her to come too from the drugs that were designed to put her to sleep and relax her but put her out a little too long. She was out for over 14 hours. Jacob had already been up for five hours while Aristotle had been up several hours.  
     Aristotle finally stood beside Jacob while Aristotle looked nervously around at all the strange-looking people. Jacob turned to Aristotle while putting his arm around his shoulder. 
     “Aristotle, I am sorry for how strange this is. This is my world. I know it is difficult for you. These people in white clothes are doctors, nurses, and healers to help us come from your world to ours. You have traveled in time all the way to the future. Don’t worry, Sophia will be back with us soon. You sure did come back way too fast.”
     “I do not know what coming back too fast means. If it means awake, then I understand. I don’t think I have ever slept so well in my life. I feel great! Doctors and nurses and healers?”
     “Yes, it is. When we travel through time, we can come back pretty messed up. It looks like we made it okay. Thank the good Lord for that!”
     “Yes, thank the Lord. You mean Jesus, don’t you,”
asked Aristotle. 
     “He and His Father, right?”
     Aristotle watched as Jacob held Sophia’s hand and as she started waking up. He watched Jacob bend over and kiss her gently on her forehead. Sophia smiled weakly, then seemed to sense that Jacob was close. She reached out trying to find him, then he bent down again and embraced her while one of her hands reached up and found his face next to hers. She smiled more strongly, then she went back to sleep. 
     An orderly stated, “She is coming around. It might take a little more time. I’ve never seen a patient taking so much time to come around. I guess if a person never interacted with drugs, then it is more difficult. Her vitals are fine. She will be with us shortly.”
     Jacob gently touched her face, and Aristotle started to take in all of the surroundings. Medics and nurses, then he also noticed the almost porcelain white walls that seemed to overwhelm them. The military cohorts came in and cordially saluted Jacob. In response, Jacob gave them an acknowledging nod, then moved even closer to Sophia. 
     “Jacob, I’m Colonel Bradshaw from the Presidency council. The President asked me to be here to welcome you back. We expected that you would come back much later. Just a little visit, huh, but what a visit! We have been streaming your conversations and live feeds with Jesus. It is amazing to me to find how much interest there is with Jesus. You have really turned some heads. I understand you want to go back to see Paul and Stephen, right?”
     “Yes, once Sophia and I have spent some quality time together. You will have to ask Aristotle what he wants to do. We will need clothes and transportation to a vacation spot of our choosing. I’ll get back to you on that.”
     “There is a team to help you. I imagine you are going to turn into quite a tour guide for our world and culture. Think Sophia can handle it?” asked the Colonel, then winked and laughed heartily as he walked away. 
     Aristotle heard, “I still cannot believe this place. You left this to come to our dirt streets just to see Jesus?” 
     Jacob was startled by his comment, “Aristotle, I would have stayed if I could, but I wanted to share my world with you two. You will be going back soon enough to exactly the place and time you left if you want, or you might want to hang around with us two and at least let me be your guide. You haven’t seen anything yet. I have a place in mind that might make you want to stay.”
     “Stay, it’s so clean. It’s so perfect. Why wouldn’t I want to stay, and the women are so beautiful with those white clothes and the way they wear them. I can’t imagine leaving.”
     “Oh, those clothes. I think you might find those clothes to be rather conservative than what you are about to see. Women don’t look or act the same here. You will have quite a surprise, and it is going to take some learning from you to manage”
     A time technician about 20-years-old came walking up with a big smile, “Well, guys, I guess you all need some stuff to get you by. Aristotle, is it? Well, you are pretty cute for someone from your world. You need to clean up and get into some real clothes. Here, take this bag. You really need a shower, and I’ll let Walter here show you around. I’ve volunteered to drive you all around a little until you get settled in. Oh, Aristotle, you got a girlfriend back home?”
     Jacob laughed, “You don’t waste any time, do you? And your name is?”
     “Becky, Becky from Destin Florida, see my tan?” then she lifted up her smock and showed her tan lines, then pulled down her medical string pants and watched Aristotle’s surprised look as she exposed her tiny hip bones along with her belly button with a ring in it.
     “What is a girlfriend?” asked Aristotle watching Becky with absolute drooling amazement. 
     “Whoa, don’t show so much so soon,” commented Jacob stepping in front of Becky, then watching her laugh and giggle. 
     “Oh, don’t be shy! After all, Aristotle is just a cute guy from the past. I can teach him everything he wants to know and then some,” she giggled again after she swayed seductively as she walked away.
     Sophia called out, “Jacob, I hear you. Come over, I want to get up. I’m dizzy, and all these strange people are around me. What are they doing around me?” she exclaimed as Jacob pulled closer to her again, just a step or two away. 
     “Oh, girl, they are here to help us. This is the place where I live. They are just here to help. I think Aristotle already has his first friend, don’t you, Aristotle?”
     Aristotle exclaimed, “I sure do. Her name is Becky.” 
     Sophia hugged Jacob closely while sitting up, then said, “I heard her. She seems to like you, Aristotle. What is that word girlfriend mean, again? I know. I just like hearing Jacob telling me about it. I think I know. Is that just mean someone close to you like Jacob and I are? You don’t have one like that, do you?”
     “No, I don’t, but I wouldn’t mind one, especially like that Becky,” he answered, then saw Becky again and waved to her while she giggled and waved back, then threw him a kiss.”
     “She threw a kiss at me, Jacob. How do women have that color hair? What is that color?” he asked. 
     “That is called blonde like mine. Except mine is blonde and white. You are just too used to your people. You’ve never seen blonde before?”
     Aristotle shook his head, “No,” then went with Walter to learn how to work the showers, the shampoo, the cream rinse and change into a faded pair of blue jeans with a t-shirt with a picture of a Elvis on the front, then he had a pair of tennis shoes with white socks. 
     “Why did you say they are around me, Jacob?” asked Sophia. 
     Jacob squeezed her hand and pulled it close to his lips kissing her fingers gently. She pulled him close to her and whispered, “I’m scared.”
     He whispered back, “These are healers, to help, to make you feel better. You have made a far journey. You are now in the year of the Lord 2090. You are in the future. This is my world, a new world for you. No one will harm you. We are all here to help you. I won’t leave your side. Just rest a minute, then we will walk together to somewhere else. Please rest.”
     “I will. I’m sorry. It just looks so strange. Everyone looks so strange. They don’t wear the right kind of clothes. It looks so strange.”
     “Yes, robes are a little old fashioned for everyone here. But the clothes are quite comfortable. I promise to protect your modesty. You will not have to wear clothes like that little girl over there.”
     He pointed to a nurse wearing a little skimpy nurse’s uniform that was obviously to show and advertise her best assets, but it was upsetting Sophia. The head nurse heard the conversation, then walked up to the skimpy clad nurse and asked. “You need to leave for a while. Tell anyone coming in that they need to cover up. No skimpy uniforms today, okay?” 
     The nurse, “Hummped,” then walked out to pass on the information to others.
     Suddenly, the chamber doors opened dramatically and scared both Sophia and Jacob. Entered were men in suits and ties with their female assistants walking closely behind them. 
     “Jacob, we are so glad you are back!” replied Dr. Arnold as he shook hands with Jacob, then turned to Sophia who was getting up from the gurney and leaned on Jacob for support. She was at least conscience of her naked back in the gown and kept reaching around trying to pull it together until Jacob covered her in a warming blanket and patted her on the butt when he did. 
     “Why did you do that? You should not do that to me. I am not your wife,” she said, then shook her head. “Oh, yes, I am. I’m sorry.”
    He continued, “I thought you’d pick up on that,” he answered as he hugged her sideways just as Aristotle came back. 
     Aristotle announced himself, “Look at me, Sophia. I am clean and dressed like them. Don’t I look hot?”
     “Hot,” she questioned. “What does that mean?”
     “Oh, Becky said that I am hot. I don’t know what it means,” he admitted. 
     Jacob and Dr. Arnold commented together, “It means you’re a cutie, pretty, good looking.”
     “I like that, not pretty, but good looking, and so is she. She is hot,” and looked over his shoulder as Becky pulled up next to him and ran her fingers across his shoulder, then flipped his long hair back from his shoulders. 
     Dr. Arnold commented, “I think you all have some acclimating to do. Do you realize what waves you have made with your videos of Jesus and His disciples? You have literally shook up the whole world. Everyone is wanting to meet you and your friends, now. There are so many questions. Don’t you want to go back for the resurrection?”
     Sophia picked up a little on some of the language, then asked without understanding, “What does that word mean?  It is a strange word. I do not understand your words.”
     Jacob asked, “Get her another translator device and have her swallow it for us. She does not hear anything but garbage and a few words now. It is making her feel very uncomfortable.”
     Another nurse ran up and handed a small sugar-coated item that looked like candy, then Jacob asked, “You must swallow this. It won’t hurt you, but you will understand what we are saying. At least the words, okay?”
     She took the item and resisted not chewing it, swallowed hard, then her eyes lit up in understanding, “I want to know what that word means, ‘resurrection?’”
     Jacob dived in, “It means that Jesus is going to be crucified and die, then on the third day he will arise from the dead! How does that sound?”
     “My Lord is going to be crucified! I heard Jesus say that to you too. That is terrible. You need to stop it! I know you can!” she announced clasping Jacob’s arm hard.
     “No!” he almost shouted. “He must die and be crucified in accordance with the scriptures or our sins will never be forgiven. Don’t you understand! He is the Lord of Lord and King of Kings. Without him being raised from the dead, there is no forgiveness, and we will be stuck in our sins. I told him that I did not want to stay and watch it happen. I could not endure that!”
     Jacob had pulled away from her while his face trembled uncontrollably in the pain of having to announce it like that. Those around him shouted, “Praise His Name! He will arise on the third day!” It came in a wave of announcements and shouts from the Christians who were in the room except Dr. Arnold who put up his hand to quell the excitement. 
     Then, even Dr. Arnold joined in, “Enough is enough! He will rise! He will rise! Please be quiet! I am sorry he has to suffer! Without His suffering, we will not have redemption! It is impossible! He must suffer and rise again!”
     More shouts echoed through the facility at his admittance, but he was not even a Christian or had not been until he saw the video feeds and felt the overwhelming knowledge that he was now. Those who watched the feed on streaming TV felt the same way. It was a strong influence on everyone who viewed it. 
     Jacob Admitted, “I told him I would not watch the crucifixion. I could not take that. I loved him too much for that.”
     Aristotle joined in, “I too love him. I would not want to see that.”
Aristotle moved close to Jacob and Sophia; and as Sophia had one arm around Jacob’s waist, Jacob put his arm over their shoulders as they stood even closer. 
     Dr. Arnold asked the question, “Now that you are back, are you going back and how much time do you all need before you do?”
     Jacob answered, “Yes, we are going back. Jesus asked us to help Paul and Stephen. We will have to move it up about thirty years to make it work, but we should all go back together unless Aristotle wants to stay. For now, I have a little place in the Caribbean, a family home that is where I want to spend some time before we go.
     “Yes, your plans would be very beneficial for this documentary series. Yes, Paul and Stephen. Yes, that would make a great documentary.”
    “Paul wrote almost all of the scriptures that we use as followers of Jesus,” spoke Jacob to Sophia and Aristotle.
     “Oh, that’s nice,” Sophia commented holding tight to him while noticing another short-skirted nurse whizzing by. She did not like the competition when she saw him notice, then turn back to her. 
     Sophia commented curtly, “Something in your eye, Jacob?” as she poked him in the side.
     “Ok, you got me, eyes forward, on you, not the scenery, no more scenery for me, except you, right?” he chuckled as he spoke.
     Dr. Arnold watched and was amused with all the bantering, but he was a person on mission. You could not tell from the sparsely covered head with just enough hair on the sides to sweep back to small pigtail. He always figured that his homely looks kept people from taking him seriously as a scientist. Just then, he was handed a clipboard from his assistant, then a letter of commendation and a personal request from the President to give to Jacob. In the personal request, it was that he meet with the President’s party leaders and some five different representatives of other action groups. The action groups were exactly the ones who wanted the government to go back and ask questions to Jesus. They demanded to know what Jesus wanted to do to resolve some major ethical, moral, cultural, and political problems of their interests. 
     As Jacob read the letter and request, he angrily wadded up the request, then threw it at Dr. Arnold, “You heard what Jesus said to me. He said that if we messed up our culture, and we did; and it was not his problem. He asked me not to ask those kind of questions even though that is exactly what I was getting ready to do. Now, you want to us to go back again for the sake of the President’s voters to ask anyway? You have to be kidding! The Lord, the Son of God just asked me not to ask, and you still want me to ask? You guys are out of your minds!”
     Sophia pulled on Jacob’s arm, then whispered to him, “Please, Jacob, not so angry, no so loud, not so, not you, please calm down.”
     Jacob took a deep breath, squeezed her hand in acknowledgement, and then breathed deeply as he bowed his head to get his composure. 
    “I apologize, Dr. Arnold. I guess you know that time travel scrambles the brain and emotions a little. We only have so many trips according to the experts until we can’t go anymore. So, I have only one more left and back; and as you know, that will be with the Paul-Stephen ticket. According to what researchers have said, our science will not even support another time visit to the very same time frame within a period of 36 months in either direction. So, unless you know of a way to break that protocol, then I cannot go back now until after His crucifixion or before he even was baptized from John and endowed with the Holy Spirit dove. It will not mean the same thing as when I first went. None of it will.”
     Dr. Arnold fumbled through a stack of technical paperwork given to him at that instant by one of his assistants. He thrashed through them, then dropped them all over the floor while bending down with Jacob to help pick them up, bumping heads with Jacob when he did. Dr. Arnold stopped while reading a paper on the floor, then jumped up excitedly. 
     “Why doesn’t anyone ever tell me about these kinds of time restrictions? Why didn’t someone mention this to me before? I have just spent three hours arranging these guys to come and push us to send you back or anyone back, and we can’t. We can’t; we can’t; we can’t!”
     Sally answered, “You have been at every meeting when we talked about this, Uncle.”
     “Well, next time, just ask me,” Jacob said laughing.
     “I will, now, Sally, cancel the meeting and tell those groups to get over it. We aren’t going anywhere and asking Jesus anymore questions. Period!” then Dr. Arnold kept thinking how important it was for the President to have those questions answered while resenting getting stuck in the middle of this relationship stuff. 
    “Now, that is what I’m talking about!” yelped Jacob. 
     Dr. Arnold asked, “Sally, get us an escort for our guest and have them moved to a suite in the Hyatt. Book them on his vacation place and let’s let them unscramble some of the damage of their trip.”
     “Jacob, what is the Hyatt? What is a suite? What is a vacation place?” she whispered to him in confusion.
     “Not so many questions. Aristotle, I think Becky was to help drive us around, right Becky?” mentioned Dr. Arnold getting frustrated he was having to act like a tour guide rather than playing with his science. 
     Becky came popping in in a very perky mood, “You bet. I get to hang around my hot Aristotle, right?”
    “Oh, great!” exclaimed Aristotle, then saw Sophia shrug her shoulders at the same time Dr. Arnold did. Dr. Arnold loved science but hated the relationship stuff. He hadn’t even picked up on the smoking embers of the Aristotle-Becky drama even though it was way too obvious. That was Sally’s job. She kept trying to explain those kinds of things to him, but he would never listen. 
     Sally knew that Dr. Arnold knew about the rules of time-travel engagement from other meetings and wondered why he couldn’t remember such simple stuff. She was worried that his forgetfulness was something more serious, then crossed her fingers and hoped it would pass. 
     Sally confronted her uncle, “You are a scientist, not a time traveler. Time travel always means it’s about people and relationships, not just your science. You wouldn’t ever listen at the meetings. You always had your head stuck in your epic question, ‘Why should we time travel? How is this against the laws of nature?’ Well, you go think about those questions, and I will handle the people ones, Uncle! Oh, yeah, if you think your questions were so important, then wait to you see what happens when these guys go back to help Paul and Stephen. Dr. Ely, did, and that’s why he’s not here now. He sees a world of protest coming, and I bet most of those are from his own wife.”
     Jacob spouted, “Dr. Ely, now there is trouble. If his wife thinks for just one moment what the Stephen-Paul trip could mean to Christianity, she will come unglued.”
    Dr. Arnold answered back, “Calm down, Sally. I know I’m slack on the people ways so that is why I have you here. Now, just take care of these guys while I review data and screen for those brain anomalies. Lord, you are just like your mother,” then he huffed off back to his lab.  
     Becky pointed to one of her nurses, “Get Sophia into some casual clothes, maybe some jeans and a sweatshirt. I don’t want anyone to notice them, especially the news people. She also needs to clean up like Aristotle while you are at it. Wait, I want you and Aristotle to watch and look at some pictures of our world before you go out into it.”
     “Jacob, can you cover me with another blanket for a little while for the back side chill. Just for a minute or two?” asked Sophia.
     Becky ran over and covered her with another large blanket and threw some soft slippers on the floor for her to get into. Sophia understood and nodded in thanks. Jacob thought they were getting this all turned around. Shouldn’t they be getting Sophia in new clothes before anything else, then realized that Sophia didn’t want to leave Jacob’s side for anything right now. Becky must have noticed. 
     “That’s a great idea,” commented Jacob.
     As they all exited the receiving room, they entered a small auditorium where a video was going to be shown to them. It was to articulate them to the sounds and sights they would see so it was not so obvious they were those newcomers to this new world. 
     As they entered the theatre, Sophia was overawed, then looked around at all the theatre chairs, “This place is beautiful. I like this place, Jacob.”
     “Well, we probably don’t have cartoons, but I bet you are going to find it interesting,” he laughed and offered a front row seat to her with Aristotle sitting on the other side of her. She put her arm through his and knew something good was going to happen. 
     “Is this like the vendor puppet shows outside Jerusalem in the courtyards?” she asked.
    “Yes, like that but better,” he answered as Becky and five others came out on the stage.
     Becky addressed them, “We were prepared for you, so we made this film to help you acclimate or prepare you for our world. We just thought it would be easier that way. So, with no further ‘adieu,’ here we go. Our first part is all about fashion, especially women’s fashion.”
     The film opened, “Your fashion from your world to ours. As the robes went away notice how our dresses changed. Here are our dresses in the 1800’s, then you can see how fast our fashions changed all the way to now.” 
     The film pictured women is all sorts of century wardrobes with everything from dresses to skirts, to pants, from miniskirts to bathing suits. 
     Sophia was okay for a moment, then exclaimed, “Oh, my Lord! Oh, my, my, they are showing it all. Oh, Jacob, don’t make me dress like that!”
     Jacob jumped in fast, “No one is going to make you dress anyway that you don’t want to. Relax. Why don’t we look at how women in jeans and sweatshirts look? You kind of flipped past that a little too fast.”
     Becky nodded, then rewound it back to a section on casual clothes of the 20th and 21st century. “Just like Aristotle is wearing except women wear them too. We all do even though it is the 21st century. Jeans never get old. I think you will like them. What do you think, Sophia?”
     Sophia stopped a moment, then Aristotle jumped up and posed for her, then one of the stage hands came back with her own pair of jeans on. “What do you think, Becky?”
     “I like it. I covers me, but it shows me too. Do you like it, Jacob? Why do some of you have holes in your knees, can’t you afford good clothes. Are you poor?”
     Jacob replied, “Yes, I love the look for you, especially the faded ones, but no the holes are just the way some people like to wear them, just a young trend. I don’t like them myself.”
     Jacob continued, in regards to how you will look in them, “Hmmmm, smoking!!”
     “What does that mean?” she asked laughing at his emphasis.
     “I love women in a tight pair of jeans. I think you will look great!” he answered. 
     “Tight! Tight! Has anyone ever told you that you are dirty old man?” she asked not knowing it was a slang phrase.
    “On occasion,” he answered, and they all laughed together this time. 
     Aristotle asked, “Is being a dirty old man good in your world?”
     Jacob answered, “Sometimes, depends who you are taking too. Don’t worry, it does not mean dirty, dirty, like dirty. It means dirty in your mind, not your body.”
     Aristotle answered, “I understand. I hope so, I really enjoyed that hot shower as you called it.”
     Jacob watched Becky closely as he said, “It’s even better with someone else,” as he pointed to Becky, then noticed Aristotle flushed bright red completely understanding his comment, then so did Becky and smiled.
     Becky answered, “He’s right, Aristotle, with someone else,” and winked at him while watching him flush even redder. 
     “I think we’ve embarrassed Aristotle enough for right now. Can we proceed? We have to get to transportation now. As you will see on the screen you used camels, donkeys and horses. We started moving towards automated transportation, then you see they changed, then changed, then we started flying.”
     “Flying! You fly! Like angels? Jacob, can this be?” she responded in shock, then watched as air travel changed from and to the jet planes and commercial carriers.
     “Yes, we fly in planes, not with personal wings. You see, we even fly to other planets and to the stars,” he answered pointing to the video. “We have established whole colonies on other planets like the Moon, Mars, and even some over 100 light years away in the Ecu Planetary Systems. You see, the film is showing you the stars and a close up of the colonies under some of our big habitat bubbles.”
     “You are more like the angels and gods than people,” she announced. 
     “It’s all about science. It is a word that describes how we use our minds and abilities to change things and build things. It looks like godlike things to your world, but it is just science. Now, can we get to the cities and homes? I guess you saw some of that in the background, but it is even greater than that. We do not live in thatched huts, but buildings and separate homes. Everyone has a home in our century. No one goes without food and everyone has access to doctors and medical care all over the world, except where there is war, that’s another story.”
     “You have war. Is there a lot of it? How bad is that?” she asked, not knowing whether she should or not. 
     “Enough of it. But we mostly fight against the Muslim extremist in the Middle East around and near where you lived. Like I mentioned, many of our populations have relocated to other planet colonies, except a few of us hold outs that just love it here. So, we fight and have war just to contain the radicals best we can. They cannot leave earth so they just stay around and cause trouble. I do not want them to see our wars. I do not want Sophia and Aristotle to know how we are so powerful that we could destroy the earth if we wanted to. I do not want you to show it, Becky.”
     “We weren’t going too. Too much is too much, but we still want to show the buildings and homes. We even have a picture of your own vacation home to show them.”
     “Well, aren’t you guys thorough. Good for you,” replied Jacob. 
     “Is the war that bad, Jacob? Worse than the Romans?” she asked nervously. She had no idea why everyone was so upset about it. 
     “Sophia, please, we have the power to destroy the whole earth if we wanted to. If we really wanted to, we could with just a snap of our fingers kill every single person on earth and burn everything that is here to dust. Is that bad enough for you?” he warned.
     She got the message, then said, “I don’t want to see war.”
     “Good, girl, good girl, Sophia,” he answered, then squeezed her held hand in confirmation. 
     “Are the stars good places to go, Jacob? You said that your people left for the stars?” she asked, actually fascinated by the question. 
     Becky answered, “There is more of that coming up so let me skip to it and answer the question.”
     The film demonstrated the power of the launches as Becky watched Sophia’s eyes widen and watched her pointing to the screen and almost stuttering as spaceships lifted off their launch pads and hurled into space. There was a repeat of what they had seen a glimpse of before but in more detail this time as they all watched space crafts’ passing planets to the Milky Way while skirting carefully around massive black holes, then traveling through some on purpose. The moon community caught her attention more than any of the others where huge protective domes and under them there were huge cities that rival New York with its own skyscrapers and even rural areas with farms and covered growing centers. The moon was the oldest space community and had developed far greater and with far more sophistication than any of the other space outposts. The moon community covered almost half the earth side and was home to over a five million people. The sights of the planets and the stars caused Sophia to start crying. She had never seen anything as beautiful as this. How wonderful was this world that Jacob was from. How absolutely wonderful. She wondered whether she would ever be the same if she went back. She wondered if she wanted to go back. 
     Becky announced, “Like I said, the cities and buildings, and your vacation place.”
     It started out with cities and beautiful homes that looked like castles to Sophia, then Jacob’s vacation place. As the film scanned  the islands, Sophia’s eyes went so wide that she turned and slapped Jacob. 
     “I see why you want to go to that place. It’s all those naked girls. Do you take me for a fool!” she shouted.
     Jacob spoke back, “It’s the islands. Even our own coast are full of girls who dress like that. I didn’t say you had to dress like that! Tell her, Becky.”
     Becky jumped in, “Yes, Jacob is right. We all dress that way in warm places all over the world. This place is no different. You would have to become a nun and hide out in a cave to avoid see this kind of things. Don’t you understand, Sophia? Our culture is full of this. I’m sorry, but it is the way our culture is. It cannot be avoided.”
     Sophia jumped up, “This is too much! This too much! I cannot stay in a place like this! I want to go home where women do not dress like this. I will be so out of place here. I will not be able to fit in. It is to strange! It is too strange!” Sophia ran out the door of the theatre, then stopped when Jacob grabbed her arm from behind and pulled her into a comforting embrace. Aristotle followed, then backed away as Jacob tried to comfort Sophia. 
     “You must know that our world is so different than yours. We cannot change it for you. You must find your place here, or we can go back to yours in the morning. It is up to you. We do not have to stay. Just because there are people who dress differently does not mean you have to be that way too. Trust me, Sophia. It will okay. You are not stuck here if you don’t want to be.”
     Sophia held to him, then said, “I want to be stuck wherever you are stuck. I’m just afraid that with all those women without clothes on that you will leave me. Don’t you understand? I don’t want you to leave me.”
     “Don’t be silly. I see this kind of stuff all the time. It does not mean I pay any attention, not much I mean. I am not attracted by skimpy clothes. I am in love with you the person no matter what you wear. I’ve been looking at women like that for all my life. Don’t you, understand. They are not important to me, you are.” 
     “Well, maybe I need to consider just a little change in clothes to get you looking at me that way,” she commented poking him in his ribs and giggling. 
     “Oh, I imagine that will happen soon enough. A little move away from the robes to a pair of faded blue jeans and a t-shirt like Aristotle might do you well,” he commented, then saw Sophia nod a slight “yes,” then another nod “yes” again. 
     “If that is what it takes to live in your world with you, then I will try it. I really think I would look good in those tight things. You know, I might actually like it. I’m not porky either. I look pretty good for a lady my age, you know?” she commented honestly. 
     “Not doubt. Very good, so very good!” he commented, then saw Aristotle nodding “yes” in agreement. 
     “I’m glad you noticed,” she laughed as she pulled closer to him. 
     Aristotle came up to them, then commented, “You know, maybe we need to go somewhere where you all can talk more privately. I think Becky would like to take us to somewhere called a hotel suite. I do not know what that is, but it sounds very interesting. She told me that we will be high up above the ground and can see the whole city from there. She said she has a place for each of us. Can we go?”
     It was obvious that Becky was as interested in them going as much as Aristotle was in leaving. Becky turned toward Sophia, then mentioned, “You should change into those tight-faded jeans and a t-shirt now. Your robe will attract a lot of attention. We just need to slip out and avoid googling eyes and press. Believe me, you guys are heroes, but there are some very upset people out there. Some will be upset you are going, then others that you will not bother Jesus with more questions. Please, trust me, Sophia, let me take you to the dressing rooms and let you take a shower to freshen up, then let us get the heck out of Dodge.”
     “What is Dodge?”
    “Never mind. Just an old metaphor”
     “What is a metaphor?”
     “Don’t worry about it. Just our talk. Just our talk,” she laughed at Sophia’s puzzled face. 
     Sophia stepped away with Becky and after about 20 minutes came out with her jeans and at the last minute had her get into short-shirt where the shirt exposed her stomach and just a little of her hip bones.
     “Oh, Jacob, that hot shower is so wonderful. You should have told me about before. It is so wonderful!” she exclaimed.
    Jacob saw her come out and did a wolf call, then whistled loudly, she looked so good, and Aristotle felt the same. There was a moment that Aristotle said something in his language that was like, “Wow!!”
     Sophia noticed, then commented, “Like?”
    “What’s not to like! You look great!” exclaimed Jacob and Aristotle at the same time.
    Becky commented being a little jealous at Aristotle’s eyeballing Sophia, “Calm down, Big Guy! It’s amazing what a hot shower with shampoo, crème rinse, and a blow dryer can do.” 
     Sophia shook her head and swung her long hair around her face, then pushed it back over her shoulders while watching Jacob staring intently at her. That was the stare she wanted. That was exactly the look she hoped for. She knew she wouldn’t lose him, now.
     “Aristotle, can I remind you that, I am with you, and you are with me. Do you understand?” scolded Becky shaking her finger at him for all of his obvious googling. 
     Aristotle responded, “Why don’t you wear a shirt like that?”
     Becky laughed, “Give me a chance to change, and you will.”
     Aristotle kept thinking about it, then had to force himself to look away from Sophia. Becky kept moving in front of him to block his view of Sophia. 
     Sally came back in to check on them and with a good nod from Becky realized they all were ready to go. Sally also had been in conference with some of the other scientists who after reviewing the brain scans that indicated that they came back without a single cell being moved or destroyed. It meant that someone really could go back sooner than the three-month rule if need be, then very possibly to the same time. They talked excitedly among themselves; and to Sally, this meant the science of time travel was far more a perfect science than they ever thought. They were now considering if it was good enough to go back further in time. They were talking about testing out some other candidates in the animal kingdom while waiting for Jacob and his friends to go back to help Paul and Stephen. Testing would start immediately. 
     Becky led the group out and down to the back elevator exit. As they crowded into the elevator, Sophia started getting upset.
     “What are doing in this cage? What are we doing?” she grabbed onto Jacob and rushed for the closing door. “I don’t want this!”
     Jacob pulled her back from the door, “We are just going up to the ground floor. It is safe. I promise, just hold onto me for a second, please!”
    Sophia hid her face into his chest until they reached the ground floor. The doors opened, and she fell out onto the marble floors and looked around as several surprised people looked curiously at her thinking she was a crazy person. 
     Jacob said, “She is claustrophobic. Sorry folks.”
     Sophia sat still for a moment, then realized what it really was and shook her head that it was just transportation. She felt a little silly, then grabbed ahold of Jacob as he pulled her up, then they all made their way to the garage by a set of stairs. There, the limousine was waiting, and Jacob held the door open for her. Becky put on her chauffer hat, then jumped behind the wheel. Aristotle got in after watching her open the door, then watched her even more closely as she put on his seat belt, and he successfully followed her example while enjoying being patted on the knee with a wink from Becky. 
     Jacob moved closely to Sophia and helped her with her seat belt while watching her relax. She was glad she was not near that big window in the front. She continued to bury herself into Jacob. She kept peeking out at all the sights and felt a certain excitement about what was happening. It was all a little too much. The lights at night were so bright that it was hard to imagine and a little too overpowering. Aristotle did not even notice. He was watching Becky and put his hand on her knee this time, then she picked up his hand and squeezed it gently. 
     “You know that I am a Roman soldier, don’t you?” he stated proudly. 
     “Of course, I do. Silly! You know that. I saw the live feeds from your times. You are actually a very famous person now. Like a folk hero. The Roman who knew Jesus and came back to live in all the lights of our world. You are really one of the most favorite of all the people that we saw. Of course, next to Jesus. Everyone liked Judas too. They felt like he was really funny.”
     “He is quite a hand full. I heard him talking to the other disciples about wanting Jesus to lead a revolution and run out the Romans, but I guess that won’t be happening. You know, with Jesus having to be killed and His resurrection coming up. You know, I talked to Jacob about that. It is sad, then great, then sad again. I hate someone being in such pain,” commented Aristotle.
     “I knew you were just a sensitive type guy,” she commented and did a kissy face at him, which he delightfully did back. 
     “Jacob, I think that Aristotle and Becky like each other,” whispered Sophia. 
     “No kidding,” he laughed. “You just now picking up on that?”
     “Well, she is kind of a flirt, don’t you think?” she whispered again.
     “I think they are both into the flirt stage pretty well and moving long past that,” he whispered back with a wink.
     “I heard that!” exclaimed Becky, then laughed. 
     “I am thinking of staying here, Jacob. What do you think of that?” asked Aristotle. 
     “Well, that is your choice. No one is forcing you to do anything. You are our guest, and I’m sure Becky will help you make up your mind, right Becky?” 
     “You better believe that! But, I’m not going back with you. I’m not getting out of my jeans to wear a bunch of robes. Not me!”
     “Well, Becky, I think I may have trouble going back to robes after fitting into these jeans. Isn’t that funny?” replied Sophia while running her hands over her legs feeling the cloth admirably. 
     “Well, if we are to help Paul and Stephen, then I guess we will all have to get used to your old clothes for a little while,” Jacob commented. 
     “I can wait for you, here, if you want?” whispered Sophia.
     “Traitor, you can’t be serious. I’m not going by myself after meeting you. Not, me. I’m not getting stuck with a world full of donkeys and camels. I hate camels. They stink.”
     “I know, but Jesus asked you to go, not me,” she kidded Jacob while watching his face flinch, not knowing whether she was serious or not.
     Sophia answered, “Everything stinks back then.”
     Sophia continued, “Don’t worry, Jacob. I’ll go with you. I was just joking with you. I think that I got you worried for a minute. I’m flattered,” she said while poking him in his side. “I really love all these lights. I don’t know how you all do it, but it is so beautiful. It is very noisy. Does it ever stop and get quiet?”
     “Only in the country. Not here in the city,” he commented. “Where my vacation place is, where the girls don’t wear clothes is quiet too. Just the waves of the ocean lapping.”
     “I have always loved the ocean and the Red Seal. I love the sand between my toes too,” remarked Sophia dreamily. 
     “Well, you will have a lot of that where we are going,” 
     “Why do you like it so much there?” she asked, “Except for those girls?” still skeptical of his true motives. 
      “Oh, it’s warm and the breezes are cool. There no crowds. Just privacy. I have a big sailboat, and the locals always give me food and treat me like a king. It’s just my only get-way place except my ranch and GG isn’t there anymore, so I guess that would be too lonely for me, until you, I liked being alone,” he commented almost in a confessional whisper. 
     “So, I am making a change in you, right? That’s nice,” she nodded, then folded her arms in front of her in a confident victory.  
     “Here we are, guys. We will stay here tonight and fly out to your place in the morning,” commented Becky while watching attendants coming up fast to let them out and park for them while handing her the ticket. 
     “Did I hear you say fly. I can’t fly. What are you all talking about?” exclaimed Sophia.  
     “You remember, the plane that let us travel from one place to another, girl, don’t you?” replied Becky.
     “Jacob, you want me to get on one of those things! You have to be kidding! What if it falls out of the sky?”
     “It won’t fall out the sky. You have to stop being so afraid of everything. You will have to trust me. You will drive yourself crazy if you don’t.”
    “I’m sorry, okay. I will trust you. I promise I will. Now, let’s go see some more of those new things in this ‘hotel;’ isn’t that what you call it?”
     Jacob asked Sophia as she got out, “Yes, it’s called a hotel. By the way, do you drink?”
     “What kind of questions is that? What else does that mean that I missed or don’t understand?” getting frustrated at all of the language differences. 
     “Do you drink alcohol, like wine, etc.,” he asked knowing the answer. 
     “Of course I drink wine. There is little else in my world to drink but water, and there is not much good water around. Wine is the only safe thing to drink. Is that what you mean? Do you?” she asked waiting for an answer.
     “Of course, I do. I’m an Episcopalian. All Episcopalian’s drink
     Confused again, “What is an Episcopalian?” 
     “Later. Just know that Episcopalians aren’t axe murderers, that’s all,”
     “Axe murderers,” not knowing the reference. “Are they are worse than Epscooopaaaaleannns?”
     “Most the time except during lent,” he commented, and Becky laughed out loud. 
     “You are going to get these two so confused that they will want to move to the moon after you are done with them,” she laughed again. 
     As the made their way into the hotel, a small group of reporters found out they were arriving and surrounded them with hammering questions. 
     A lady with a cameraman behind him asked, “Mr. Jacob, what did you think of Judas? Did he seem like a traitor to you?”
     Sophia interrupted, “I’ve known Judas for years, even before he was a disciple of Jesus. He is not a traitor. He was a zealot. Just a little too political, that’s all?”
     The lady asked, “Who and heck are you?”
     Jacob answered pushing his hand up to keep the lady from getting into his private space while Sophia hid behind him because of her snappy attitude, “She is my wife. She is Sophia who came with us from the time of Jesus, and this Aristotle the famous Roman soldier that you all have been hearing so much about.”
     There was a rumble of excitement where the cameras turned to Aristotle. They had heard of him. Another young man peppered Aristotle with questions, and he moved behind Becky for his protection.
     “What is your favorite food? Did you ever see a gladiator? Did you like Jesus? Did you leave any family back there? What kind of clothes did you wear? How do you feel about our world? Where are you going next?”
     “Whoa guys. We need to get to our rooms and let our guests rest. They have made a long journey to our world, and we really are tired. We would like some privacy.” 
     “Sir, sir, are you all going back again to talk to Jesus before His crucifixion? I mean there are a lot of groups who are wanting to ask Him a lot of questions about our social morals, laws, and politics. When are you going to do that for us?”
     “You do not know much about the time travel. No comment on all the other. Let’s just leave it at that for right now.” 
     “When are you going?” asked another reporter. 
     Sophia pushed at Jacob’s back, “Jacob, I don’t like these people. I want to go. Please, let’s get out of here!”
     “You heard the lady. Interviews over. Give us some room, guys. We need to go get some rest.”
    “But when are you going?” asked the same persistent reporter. 
     “Okay, in probably three months. They normally do not anyone return too fast because our brain cells have to heal up a little bit. So, we will let you know.”
    “Sophia, what do you think about our world?” a young boy asked who was not a reporter. 
     Sophia peeked her head above and around Jacob’s shoulder, “I love it. So much noise. So much light. Especially at night. I even think I like your jeans and shirts. Look, don’t I look good in mine?” she asked. 
     The men in the small audience did a whistle and one did the wolf call. Sophia bowed slightly to the compliment, then whispered to Jacob, “You did that to me too. I hope that is a good thing, right?”
     “Yes, very good. They think you are hot, pretty, sexy, you know attractive, good to look at, just like I do,” he commented. 
     “Hmmmm. I like that. I really do. Is my face flushing?” 
     “Yes, but you will get over it?” 
The Questions Again
    The Dr. Arnold called Jacob, “Jacob, I know that you aren’t going back to question Jesus, but the President is saying that he is getting some heat about your trip. He is asking if you might just go early so you aren’t a target of the news guys. I know, I know, we have this protocol, but the time travel agency is getting pressure from Congress to close it down, and we have discovered you may not have to wait three months. The President mentioned that we might make an exception for you and get you back so you don’t rock the boat here and now. You are a magnet for the fringe groups wanting you to ask more social questions. It is becoming such a mess. If you don’t go soon, there may not be another chance the way it’s going; but if you left and were back there, we would have to keep things alive and well for you. We’d have to keep the doors open until you got back. I guess they don’t really realize you can go on your travel and return within five minutes if our technology holds up.”
     Jacob was confused, “I thought by breaking the 90-day rule that we would be to our harm.”
     Sophia interrupted, “Jacob, does the Arnold person want us to go back sooner. I have not even had a chance to see your world yet?”
     Aristotle was standing nearby, then saw Becky make a face, thinking she was going to lose Aristotle as soon as he got here. Aristotle felt it and moved closer to her. 
     “Jacob, I don’t want to go back now. I like your world. I just want to hang out like you say here for a while. You, know, take in the sights,” then he put his arm around Becky for a second, and she returned the affection. 
     “I know what kind of sights you want to see. Well, Jesus only asked me and Sophia to go help, so I guess it’s okay. You might want to find a way to get away from all the reporters. We can always tell everyone that you went with us. That should solve it. Becky, can you take care of getting Aristotle somewhere secluded awhile, right?”
     Becky’s face lit up, “You bet I can. You still have your place in the islands, right. How about we go there and wait till you get back. Doesn’t that sound good, Aristotle?’
     Aristotle decided to play a joke, “No, I think I just want to spend some time by myself somewhere,” then before Becky exploded, he replied, “just joking, just joking,” then she punched his shoulder hard in response, “Ouch!”
     “Okay, Sophia, want to go see Mr. Paul and Young Stephen?” he asked, then she frowned, then shrugged.
     “Is guess I’m going. Guess I have to leave my new jeans behind, right?” Sophia grimaced. 
     “Just take some in a bag, and we can find a way to wear them when no one is looking. I’m wearing mine, no matter. You can wear yours if you are brave enough,” laughed Jacob.
     “Okay, Dr. Arnold, but tell the President I’m not taking any of those social issue lists. I’m just not going to ask those questions. It’s none of our business.”
     “He won’t like that. That is exactly what the social media is demanding. I have to admit that I hate getting stuck between you and the President this way. I just wanted to point out that when they do find out that you are gone, it won’t take them long?”
     “Well, he wants you to take the heat off him before the election. He will just blame it on you when you get back. We do want you to come back at least six months after the election. That will work. Won’t make any difference to you. You will just be programmed to come back when you want. Well, if you do decide to ask about those social issues, there are some….”
     “Don’t Dr. Arnold. I think I will pass as usual,” replied Jacob. 
     Dr. Arnold mildly insisted, “I can email you some questions.”
     “Jesus was not interested, and I’m sure Paul and Stephen will not be either” answered Jacob in monotone.
    “Jacob, why are you so upset about those questions they want you to ask?” asked Sophia noticing the definite surge in Jacob’s voice as he flushed red. 
     “Sophia, it is just that our world has messed ourselves up so much that Jesus absolutely did not want to get involved. We are just so messed up. If he doesn’t want to get involved, then I don’t want to get involved. I’m not messed up, and I don’t care about those who are. Anyway, it is all so subjective. What one person calls being messed up is not what I call being messed up. So you see how messed up it is?”
     Sophia laughed, “Messy, isn’t?”
     Jacob laughed back, “Exactly. Did you hear all that, Dr. Arnold?”
     Dr. Arnold answered, “Yes, but I didn’t want to.” 
     “It’s okay, Dr. Arnold. I know you are stuck between us all. Thanks for the tip on leaving. I appreciate it.” 
     Jacob commented, “Well, that went well, I think, or not. Well, guys, maybe I, we, need to be more sensitive. Let’s go call it a night, okay?” 
    Becky’s eyes lit up as she grabbed Aristotle and dragged him with hotel keys in her hand toward a nearby suite. Jacob nodded to the opposite suite. 
     Sophia followed him into the room, then was amazed at the light, the colors, and then as she peeked herself around the corner at the large bed with mirrors on the ceiling. Sophia fell back against the wall, “I guess I should have asked about this. I’m sorry. I should not be here.”
     “What are you talking about? Aren’t we a couple? Just the two of us. I believe that I rushed you into a marriage with Jesus residing without making it official. So here it goes.”
     He knelt down on one knee and asked quickly, “Please, Sophia, will you marry me. How’s that?”
     “That is perfect, I accept Mr. Jacob of another world. I accept, and I love you so much,” as she jumped into his arms as he stood up.
     Sophia questioned Jacob, “I guess Aristotle hadn’t thought about that, has he?” 
     “Oh, I’m sure he will sooner or later, much later,” responded Jacob.
      Dr. Arnold called back, “Jacob, the President wants to make sure that you are onboard for coming back after the election. I’m sorry I’m such a nag. I’m being pressured, and I am passing it along to you. I’m under orders, so do you agree or not?”
     “Dr. Arnold, I understand. I will still work with you and hope you don’t get into much trouble because of me. Maybe one day everyone will get over their need to make everyone just like themselves while I’m not trying to make everyone like me. So, yes, after the election. Just send me a message when it is safe to return for the President, at least a one week warning. I just want take care of business and come back.”
     “Okay, Okay, then I will make sure. You know we only got a total of an hour out of all you did already, but it sure was good when you did. How did you ever Jesus to do that selfie? Oh never mind. Got side tracked. Okay, okay, I will, just one week, and make sure we can get a clear signal on you this time.”

In the Morning
    Aristotle peeked his head out the hotel door when he heard footsteps, but it was the morning maid. He looked back at Becky getting dressed, then all of a sudden he felt a sense of guilt, “What have I just done,” to himself. He felt crushed as a failure especially after realizing that Jesus would not approve. He felt that this is not want he was meant for. He turned to Becky. 
     “I am sorry, Becky. I need to join Jacob and Sophia and go help with Paul and Stephen. I need to go!” he commented loudly, then heard a squeal from Becky.
     “You are leaving me! I just found you! You are leaving me? Aristotle, I’m not going to have it! I’m going too! You can’t leave me!”
    Aristotle smiled rather than stop, “You want to go with me, then you go with me after the traditions of my fathers after the traditions of my people, my mother’s faith, and who I really believe I am, regardless of this world!”
     Becky ran to him and grabbed his arm just as he stopped heading out the door, turned him around, “Say what you mean, Aristotle! Say what you mean!”
     “I mean we believe in marriage, not just this. It’s more than just this!” he explained, and she understood.
     “Okay, you old fuddy duddy. If that’s what it takes to keep you, then marriage it shall be. Now, let’s do this. I will call Jacob to let them let us go. We will go see these Paul and Stephen guys and make some history, or let’s say change some history, right?”
    “Okay, change some history, together!” he exclaimed excitedly. “We need to find a priest or a person of authority to do this.”
     This Paul guy, is he a priest?” she asked, not a student of scriptures.
     “Yes, he is supposed to be. According to Jacob he is a priest who converts to Christianity and stops murdering Christians to become one of the greatest Christian writers in history.”
     “Well, that answers that. Let that famous guy marry us, how about that?”
     Jacob was delighted about the change of plans. He thought to himself that Becky just might be that spice of life. Her little perky self would either get them in trouble in a male dominated society or make it just a lot more fun. 
     Sophia was looking out the hotel room as the morning sun lit it up. She gasped in amazement. The city was just coming alive with traffic, people, high rises reflecting back the sun and shimmering brightly against the morning dawn. She stood wrapped in a large sheet and looked back and smiled at her Jacob, her own old man, she thought, all hers. He was on the phone with Becky and watched him nodding and agreeing. 
    “You want Saint Paul to marry you?” he said loudly in surprise. 
     Becky answered, “Is that the Paul you guys keep talking about? Saint Paul. OMG! I can’t believe that. Of course, and I want a video of it too. You better let me take a little phone camera just for that, nothing more I promise.”
     “Okay, no problem. I will call Dr. Arnold and let him know. Keep the camera to yourself. Unless you want some of the others to marry you like Saint Peter or Saint John?” he joked, then heard just silence on the line. 
     Becky finally got the message of exactly how deep into the Christian history they were going. She thought herself, “I’m so blonde and so white and so ignorant of all these things. Even though she was a time technician, she assumed the responsibilities as the only social director and normally helped as a greeter and facilitator of arriving time travelers. She just had that perky attitude that made her first pick for the tour guide positions when called for. She wondered just what kind of change they would make in history. What would happen? What could a little Destin Florida country girl who was just perky, sassy, and flirty do in a world so alien to her except hang off her Roman soldier’s tunic and pretend she understood what was going on when she didn’t have a clue. How could she had fallen so hard for this cute Roman soldier, how? But she had, so hard, so, so hard. She turned to him watching her on the phone never seeing one before just as Sophia was watching Jacob. No one had told them what they did, but they had already stopped calling it magic and renamed all this stuff with the label of “science,” without really knowing what that all meant anyway. They were always surprised but held it in thinking if they gasped every time something new showed, then they would never stop gasping. 
     Sophia asked Jacob, “When was Paul born?”
     “He was born about ten years after the resurrection of Christ. He was a pharisaical Jew. He is known for being responsible for the early persecution of Christians until Jesus physically appeared to him, blinded him, and spoke to him about what he was doing. After all that, he turned to become one of the greatest Christian apostles of our time. He is personally responsible for bringing Christianity to the gentiles.”
     “Then, what is it we have to change?” Sophia asked. 
     “I think since Jesus mentioned both Paul and Stephen in the same sentence, then I think we need to get to Stephen and save his live from the stoning. Finally, we need to convince Paul after his conversion to stop talking about going to Caesar. We can’t interfere with Paul or expose ourselves to him until after Jesus appears to him. We just need to save Stephen, then move on to Paul.”
     “Why don’t we get the Dr. Arnold to send us for Stephen, then send us far enough for Paul?” she asked. 
     “Actually, they are almost at the same time, give or take day, a week or two. Stephen first, then Paul.”
     “Oh, okay, glad you have it figured out. I’m just along for the ride,” mentioned Sophia. After that, she replied, “I am going to take a shower.”
     Jacob nodded, then heard a loud yelp from the bathroom. He yelled to her, “Warm to the left and cold to the right. Do you know what your left and right are?”
     An answer came back, “Kinda?”
    “Turn the knob towards the shower wall is left and to the shower curtain is right,” he yelled again. 
     “What is a shower curtain?” she asked in frustration. 
      “Are you wanting me to help you? You inviting me to take a shower with you?” he asked and did not hear anything.
     “Uh huh, okay,” came a quiet response.   
     Jacob put down the phone and quickly made his way to the bathroom. He opened the door and found her staring at the knob in puzzlement, then she smiled seductively at him.
     “Now, this is a great way to start a marriage!” he exclaimed.
     “Uh huh, I think so too,” she smiled again.
     Later that day, Becky and Aristotle sat drinking a little coffee and asking questions just thinking about the next step while looking out over the bustling city just waking up to their hard schedules and most popular transit, along with all the noise.  
     Aristotle asked, “This world is so noisy. By the way, what did Jacob say?”
     Becky answered, “He thought it was a good idea. I with you,” then she hugged him lightly. 
     “Becky, I’m going back to my tradition again. We can get together again when do our vows. I’m sorry. We don’t have to have Saint Paul. How about Saint Peter? I’m not picky,” he remarked and saw Becky’s face pucker for a cry.
     “Okay, Mr. almost honorable. I understand. Okay, well then let’s use whoever comes first do it. I don’t like waiting on good things too long,” she answered honestly, then kissed him lightly on the lips. 
     “Let’s go see Jacob?” Aristotle asked.
     “Okay,” then Becky asked, “Aristotle, you mother is probably still alive. Can we go meet her?” then watched his face light up. 
     “No, no, she was about 35 when I left. She was only 15 when she had me, and Stephen came about 30 years later according to Jacob, well maybe. We don’t live as long as you all do. Still, maybe, just maybe.” 
     “Couldn’t she help us find Stephen?” she asked. 
     “You know, you are right again. That is exactly what we can do. She will be able to introduce us to other Christians. Stephen was in Jerusalem when he was stoned according to Jacob. He said that Paul threw down his coat to okay the stoning. Can you imagine if we can save Stephen’s life what good that he and Paul would do to the Christian faith?” Aristotle proclaimed happily while sounding more like Jacob than himself.  
     “Have you ever heard of time shifts like cracks in space and time?” Becky asked knowing the answer. 
     “Of course not, why did you even ask that?” he asked. 
     “I’m sorry. It’s just a theory or possibility that if we change time too much that it will cause what is like an earthquake and the ripple effect that tears the time continuum for those of us in the future in ways that is just like an earthquake. Too big of change can be too great, too bad, too much.”
     “Do you think that will happen with Stephen?” he asked. 
     “Well, it was Jesus who asked you to do it so I guess not,” she answered thinking that it was just not significant enough. “If you stopped a war and changed who won, now that would be something. It would be such a change that it could be too much, a wave that would open up the sky and suck is all out or crack the earth and suck us all down.”
      Aristotle remained silent not knowing quite what to say, “Suck us up and suck us down? That doesn’t sound good. Are you sure?”
    “No, it’s just a theory, possibility, no one knows,” she answered rather perky like and ran off to take her morning shower. 
     “Hey, why did you tell me that? You are trying to scare me, aren’t you? You and your science! Just give me a horse and my tunic. Just stop with your science talk,” he whined. 
     “Oh, poor baby, don’t worry about it. Too bad you want to wait a little. I’d enjoy some company in the shower, you’re loss,” she teased. 
     Aristotle groaned and whispered to himself, “Aristotle, it’s a fine time to get moral.”
     Becky yelled back, “I heard that! Your loss, Big Boy, but not for long, Tunic Boy.”
     In an afterthought, Becky yelled back at him from the bathroom, “I forgot to tell you. I have to check on my dog, my puppy, Cassie. I’ve already called my sister to take care of her. I want to go home to kiss her goodbye just one more time before I leave.”
Getting Ready with Controversy
     Jacob finally got a minute to call Dr. Arnold, “I think we want to take more this time.”
     The Dr. Arnold answered, “You mean that Aristotle has finally come around. You don’t mean Becky too?”
     “Actually, yes, it is just that Aristotle and Becky are a thing and would like to go. After thinking about it, Aristotle might be very helpful. He was raised in Jerusalem, and his mother is a Christian who might be still alive. She could help us connect to the Christian community.”
     “If I let them go, then I want more live feeds from you. You have to make this history in action. The whole of the Christian community will be watching. It will make the President a hero. It will be the biggest PR tool of the century!”
     “Okay, then live feeds, no questions, just as many live feeds as we can give you, okay?” asked Jacob heading off another problem again. 
     “I know, I know. You have to be the most stubborn time traveler I’ve ever worked with,” then laughed lightly himself letting Jacob know that it was going to be okay. 
     “We need to help Stephen before we get with Paul. We don’t want to disturb Paul’s experience with Jesus. So, we need to coach Stephen and get with Paul after his Damascus experience.”
     “Well, that does make sense. You know more about the sequence of events than I do. Now, listen to me about something that has the word ‘question’ in it, please,” asked Dr. Arnold in a pathetic tone. 
    “Dr. Arnold, will you stop with the interview questions again,” remarked Jacob.
     “Listen, it is not what you think. Just listen,” he spoke candidly. 
     “Okay, what do you want?” he asked bracing himself for the answer. 
    “I’ve talked with my friends. You know those who know what we do here and know about what you have done. So, we were thinking you just might ask Saint Paul…”
     “What, what, what, just tell me what you want, please!” exclaimed Jacob. 
     “We want to know if Saint Paul really believes that it is necessary for Christians to believe in the scriptures about holiness like he talked about in his writings?”
     “What kind of question is that? He hasn’t even written that stuff, yet? What would you expect him to say? Of course, he believes in that! Why in the world are you asking a question like that anyway? Are you really that afraid that holiness is that important? Are you afraid that holiness will mess with you?”
     “Stop that! We aren’t afraid of holiness, but it just gets in the way a little, at least in the old fashion way, you know? We just wanted to know if he was really that serious about it in the old fashion way? That’s all, the old fashion way?” whined Dr. Arnold. 
     “I think if you read the scriptures, then you will find that he really did mean what he says, and I will not insult his intelligence to ask him, ‘Did you really mean it? Are you sure? Are you absolutely sure?’” spouted back Jacob in a severe sarcastic tone. 
     “Okay, okay, I give. I surrender. I give up. It’s your trip so make it count with plenty of feeds, then everyone will be happy or as happy as we can be under that circumstances,” remarked Dr. Arnold.
     “Well, I want everyone to be happy, especially Jesus. I am doing this for Jesus. This has nothing to do with you,” confronted Jacob. I believe as Jesus did that if they can live long enough that they will be able to turn the world upside down far more than what they did. It will be so great that there will be the greatest earthquake in the time continuum the world has ever seen. It will shatter the world we live in for the Christian faith. There will be no need of Christian crusades and everything that goes with it.”
     “You really think that by saving Paul and Stephen that you can transform the world in God’s image. Do you really think that you can really be responsible for making this old traditional Christianity reign and mess up our liberal Christianity? I can’t believe you really think that will work.”
    “Dr. Arnold, it can’t hurt and whether it messes up your own version of Christianity is not my problem, but I am going to do exactly what Jesus wanted, regardless what you think.”
     “Okay, I got it. I’m sorry that I’m such a pest. I think I’m going back to my science and leave the other stuff and the questions for someone else.” His comments were refreshing to Jacob and a moment of truth for Dr. Arnold and Jacob alike. Some things were just not worth the fight. 
     Becky commented, “He really is a nice guy, just a little opinionated like you.  I know they are pressuring him from all sides. I actually like him and his niece, Sally. Good, good. No harm. No harm. I think that is what Jesus would want, not that I am what you call a believer or anything. Just a good guess.” Becky was thinking a little about being a believer the more this time-traveling drama unfurled, just a little. 
     This time all four were together in Jacob’s suite discussing the trip. Just as Becky thought, Dr. Arnold called back to talk to Jacob.      Dr. Arnold just wanted to make sure everyone knew he was not as bad as he seemed. “Jacob, I want to apologize one more time for my attitude. I am just an eccentric old man who lets his opinions get in the way of good relationships. Sally always says the same thing to me. I really am sorry. I do want you to succeed and do what you have been asked to do. The heck with all those others nagging at me. You just do what’s right, and the rest will have to work out.”
     Dr. Arnold, you are a good man and a good scientist. I appreciate you candor. We might even find a way to bring you back a souvenir,” Jacob replied gently. 
     “Oh, my, I can think of only one thing that I would like. That would be one of Paul’s prayer cloths. According to scripture the Apostles healed with just an anointed prayer cloth or handkerchief. I know that sounds strange coming from me, but if there is anything that an old man like me can use, then it would be one of those,” he asked in a moment of great excitement.  
     Dr. Arnold, “I will be more than happy get one for you. Count on it. Now, when do we leave?” Jacob figured that it would be within a week, but he was surprised at the answer. 
     “The President wants you out of the way of reporters and controversy as soon as possible. How does tomorrow afternoon sound?”
    “That soon?” asked Jacob.
     Jacob continued, “I’m going as usual, then you probably know that I’m not going to wear a tunic no matter what anyone says. I don’t mind everyone else, but I’m just not going to do it!”
     “Suit yourself. You will attract a little attention, but in that generation, foreigners were common, and I don’t imagine other than some strange looks, you should be fine,” replied Dr. Arnold. He really did feel that Jacob was way too conservative, but that didn’t matter right now. The President wanted to document everything about him and watch everything that went on with the project. Jacob was the President’s hero and the lightening rod at the same time, and he Jacob knew that. 
     “Tomorrow afternoon it shall be,” he answered.
     Before meeting in Jacob’s suite, Becky had just got back from her apartment and looked longingly at Aristotle. They hugged, then he asked, “Did you kiss you puppy goodbye?”
     Becky was in a more than a perky mood and remarked quickly, “I sure did. She is such a sweetie.”
Discovering the Muslim Plot
     Just then, Becky received a call from a technician in the launch department, “Becky, this is Ralph. I am very concerned about something. You know, you and I have been with this project since it began years ago. Remember how we both talked about how we thought there was a problem with Dr. Ely and his cohorts. He was hiring a lot of Muslims, and we joked about the fact that they were too involved in some of the transport destinations. Well, I wanted to let you know that they are very upset about Jacob’s Jesus trips. They heard about the Paul and Stephen trip, and they are really upset. I heard them talking about the fact that if Paul lived even another ten years and moved his ministry more into the Middle East that it could cause drastic repercussions for the Muslim faith. They even thought that it might not be recoverable. I actually agree, but I don’t care about their agenda. Dr. Ely is also back, and his gang are hanging around the lab more than usual. Then, Dr. Ely comes up driving this new $250,000 BMW, you know the new fancy turbo. Well, I think his own wife bought him off. I think that they are planning to sabotage your trip. You know, send you back to the Stone Age or something like that. Are you listening to me?”
     “Yes, Ralph, I’m listening to you. I have been feeling the same way that he would try something. What shall we do? I’m going with them, with Aristotle. What can we do? Just not go, then the whole plan for this Paul and Stephen thing is not going to work. I think it is important. I actually think it is God’s plan, and Jesus wants this done. I know that I am not a religious person, but I do believe what Jacob is doing this time is important. I’m on his side. What can I do, we do?”
     Ralph covered his voice while on the phone and looked around to see if anyone else was listening. There was just the rattle of the doors as employees went home, then this was the time of shift change. He kept talking while praying he wouldn’t be interrupted. 
     “I want to help. I just became a Christian recently and really believe what Jacob and you do is important. I want Paul to keep on preaching for years if possible. I want him to change the whole face of the world for our beliefs. The heck with those Muslims!”
    A near door closed loudly while a couple more technicians came in with clipboards and smiled at Ralph, then checked off a couple things, then waved as they left. 
     “What can we do?” asked Becky.
     “You can leave early. You can come as soon as possible, and you and I can set things right so you all are not eaten by a bunch of dinosaurs!”
     Becky knew a little about the timing from Jacob, then mentioned it to Ralph, “I don’t know the exact date, just AD 34, maybe we can set it in spring. Jacob didn’t think Stephen would be preaching on the Jerusalem doorsteps in the freezing winter. What do you think?”
     “I already have those Jacob instructions, but thanks for reminding me. Tell the rest to get here as soon as possible. If you can be here in the next two hours, no one is really around, but plenty of people are coming and going. I can get you off and on your way. What do you think?”
     Becky called Jacob, “We got a problem. We have to leave now, as soon as possible. The Muslims have somehow got to Dr. Ely. They’re afraid of what you changes will do to the Muslim religion. They were probably going to send us back to the Stone Age. If we can get there now, then we can leave. We got to go!”
     “Oh, Lord, this is not good. We could cancel and just forget it,” spoke Jacob depressingly. 
     Sophia heard him, then jumped in, “Not on your life! We go and do what Jesus said. You don’t have any choice. That is why this is so important! Jesus knew what would happen if we went. This is why He is sending us. This is exactly why we must go!” Sophia grabbed his arm and pressed her fingers deeply into it, then pulled him close to her. 
     Aristotle and Becky ran to Jacob’s suite and continued their discussion. Aristotle picked up on the problem and nodded in agreement and asked, “What do we need to take to be successful?”
     Jacob answered quickly, “I want my backpack, my mobile phone with streaming charge for videos and pictures, then I want my boots and both of my pearl handled 45’s, then that double-barreled shotgun I saw the storage area with a load of munition. Oh, yeah, I want to take my Strong’s Bible concordance and my King James Bible. Got to know what’s going on. I’m wearing jeans. I told you that. I got four pair already in a backpack. I want my baseball cap and a bunch of toothpaste and underarm deodorant. I got to stay clean and sweet for Sophia.” 
     Sophia answered, “That’s nice. I can’t wear jeans in my own time. They’d stone me. I still have the robe I came in. I do want to wear my tennis shoes and a load of white heal socks and a pack of undies. I love those things. I want to bring shampoo and conditioner and a big bottle of Advil, you know what for. Just a few things of luxury from your world. I have been putting things aside in my own backpack for the trip. I’ve thought this through. I also want also at least one pair of jeans for later.”
     Becky turned to them and gave them a quick input, “I want jeans, but I’ll wear those other things. Robe, right? Okay, I want everything you all mentioned, but I want my makeup. A lot of it. I’ve got a little 38 revolver in my purse I want to take, then I do have to pick up a tracker from the lab. It is the best way to notify the lab about a return and transport requests even though Jacob has a programmed wrist device. My tracker pin points the signal, and they can take us back up to ten people within 30 feet when we are ready while sending us anything we need in that way too. They don’t have to do anything on this end to make it happen. It’s all in the tracker. Important, right? Remember, I am far more than just a tour guide. Ralph will tell you.”
     Jacob nodded, “You got that right? Yes, you are far more than just the tour guide, time-technician Becky.”
     Aristotle nodded, “I just want to have my uniform back and take Becky. She is all that I need.”
     “Oh, that is so sweet,” she replied and kissed his cheek in return. 
    Aristotle blushed and folded his hand into hers, then spoke carefully, “We need to be careful of my people. You have to pay attention to protocol. Women are not primary, only men. You know, that old fashioned way according to your people. Please, you will have to tone it down a little, Becky. Isn’t that what I heard Jacob say to someone recently?”
     They all ran back to their places and packed what they could. It was hard to imagine just what someone would take, but they all had to take something. After all, wasn’t this an adventure? Aristotle was getting excited about seeing his mom again even though it was 30 years later. It was now an excitement and a fear that something would have changed too much. He could feel her arms around him and those hugs that about strangled him before. He looked forward to them now. She was the first Christian he had ever met, and he now knew why; between Jesus, Jacob, Sophia, now Stephen and Paul, it became clearer. It was all about Jesus and who he was. He didn’t care about those Muslims and wondered who they were anyway. He just wanted to make a contribution, some simple contribution to what Jesus stood for. Just a little, a little piece of the puzzle, just a little. 
     Jacob was different, he wanted to change the world and would do anything for Jesus. He wanted him to succeed and felt that this business had eternal weight. Sophia just wanted to be with Jacob like Becky wanted to be with Aristotle. 
Sending Them Back to BC
      Ralph stayed at the facility after calling Becky, then went to check on the location timers. As he stood around, the Muslim group came and went while looking over their shoulders at Ralph. Why was he here? He was not supposed to be here until this afternoon? They made him nervous; and when he stepped behind them to check on their work, they kept moving in front of him blocking him from seeing what they were doing. Ralph saw the moves and decided to check back later to follow up. He looked at one of the past settings, and it showed a setting that was 34 BC, not 34 AD. He expected it to say 1000 BC. He was watching for it. Just a little change that would create a disaster on Jesus’ intention. He knew exactly what he was going to do. He would wait till the transfer was going to take place, then step up and punch the AD button changing it from the BC. I would be too late to change it. They would be gone without enough time to change it back, Christians win Muslims lose. He was counting on them being so upset that they would step inside the transport field. If they did, he would send them back 30,000 years. Just a little payback. 
     Ralph saw Jacob’s group coming in, then had to laugh a little at Jacob. He never changed. He wore his blue jeans like last time. His buckskin squared toed boots and his western belt with a large turquoise belt buckle were almost too obvious. His 45s were on his hips lashed to his legs sharp-shooter style, but this time he wore a baseball hat with the bill broken down the middle and pulled it down low over his eyes. Sophia literally drooled over him thinking that he was so beautiful, her man, so strong and confident, and all Jacob, all hers. In addition, Jacob had the handle of his double barrel sticking up behind his neck and a backpack loaded with ammunition. Sophia held his hand, and Jacob looked closely at the technical crew. When Jacob walked closer to the transfer area, he looked to the instruments and saw the time noted as BC, but it had already been changed to 34 BC like Ralph thought it would be. What he didn’t plan on was Dr. Ely showing up at the same time. Dr. Ely gathered them into a huddle, then pointed directly at the date setting instrument, not thinking anyone noticed. Well, everyone did, but he didn’t notice.  
     Jacob and his crew gathered, toting their backpacks almost wishing they hadn’t taken so much. As they entered, the transport machine was turned on. The humming and electronic sounds bothered Sophia while Aristotle and Becky held each other even more closely. When the countdown signal came down to 2, Ralph lunged for the switch board and punched at the numbers resetting it to 34 AD just as everyone disappeared while noticing a smile and nod on Jacob’s face. 
     “What did you do?! Are you crazy? What did you do?” they yelled at him and pushed him away just before running into the chamber and screaming at each other. Dr. Ely was the last to follow his friends into the chamber while trying to make sense of all of the drama. 
    Ralph jumped for the switch board and pushed on the destination figures. He set the timer at 2 seconds and changed the date to 30,000 BC, then jumped back. They saw him but did not know the time but knew what he was doing. They screamed in fear except Dr. Ely who reached an arm past the chamber barrier, then the arm severed and it fell on the floor outside the transfer field. Ralph doubted they would live long. With nothing but their geekiness to protect them it would not give them much of an edge making pottery, weaving, caves, or thatched roofs. They were all in their late 30s so he thought they would be some of the oldest alive on earth. They didn’t live very long that long ago. If course, some might have arrived in the past with an arm coming out of their back side since no one had ever gone back more than 2000 years, and there was no telling what a reassembling transfer would do with that much time in the tube as they called it. 
     Dr. Ely screamed in pain as he landed in the past, then looked around at his cohorts and saw the stark fear in their eyes. It was more than fear; it was terror. The land was barren and parched with nothing but alien-like landscape. At first, there was no one in sight except a small gathering of five Neanderthal hunters around a burning fire pit where they worked skinning a deer and roasting it, then putting pieces on hanging sticks to take back to their village. They assumed that they were there to take their kill from them. There as a moment of hesitation, then they ran towards the group with their stone knives. The group saw them coming, They prepared to defend themselves and picked up rocks and branches from around them, then in a moment of confusion while looking back and forth between each other then decided what to do. Dr. Ely was holding on to his bloody stump trying to stop the bleeding when the others pushed him down to get him out of the way. They realized it was futile. Instead, they bowed to the ground, and the effort actually worked for a moment. As the men rushed to them, they saw the men except for the professor bowing to them and not defending themselves. They stopped in front of them, then grabbed at their hair and pulled them along onto the ground waving their knives at them. They were so different than anyone they had ever seen before. The clothes were different, the skin, their looks. Dr. Ely was even more different with is white skin and pale complexion. They looked at each other, then replied in grunting, instantaneous agreement, “Slaves.” They would be slaves. They would carry the wood, the stones, and the work. They would be theirs, and they would show them off to the others. It was just the thing that brings status even among their enemies. They noticed that one of them did not have a foot. It was just a stump, then there was a form of a foot coming out of his torso. They jumped on him and stabbed him repeatedly. He was not going to be a good, then they attacked Dr. Ely after they noticed his arm stump. Now, they had four, prefect for them and even better.
     The four who were left understood their circumstances and realized that this was worse than being alive. They knew that they would commit suicide the first chance they got. Maybe, they should fight back and end it all now. They were thinking about it.

Part IV
Changing the World
      Jacob was the first to say something, “What a ride! You got to like that rush, right guys?”
     Sophia was on the ground throwing up again. She just laid there and didn’t move for a minute catching her breath and finally saying, “I just hate that stuff!”
     Becky joined her, “It didn’t do me much good either, girl. I got one hell of a headache. Lord have mercy!”
     Aristotle joined with Jacob, “That was rather exciting!”
     “Exciting? Exciting! Are you two crazy! That is worse than a mile-high roller coaster,” yelled Becky. 
     “Yeah, Jacob, Aristotle! That was bad, very, very bad!” Sophia chimed in with Becky. 
     Aristotle asked, “Where did Ralph send those guys?” 
     Becky answered having helped him plan it, “30,000 BC. Too far back to cause problems and too far back to even make a transfer back even if someone tried. Our transport does not go back more than 3000 years in order to get back safely. In fact, they may find some of their arms growing out of their butt when they get there. That long of a ride kind of scrambles the cells for too long.”
     “Aristotle, where are we? Do you recognize anything?” asked Jacob. All Jacob could see was a long dirt road that looked only as wide as two donkey carts but obviously well-traveled. In the distance, he could see dust rising. 
     “Of course, I do. That is the main road, and just 15 miles that direction is Jerusalem. Just inside the Western Wall is where my mother lives, at least over 30 years ago.”
     They walked for about a mile towards Jerusalem, then as they came over the top of a high hill, they saw the city in the distance. Coming up the road was a small guard of Roman soldiers. The closer they got to the soldiers, the soldiers started pointing at Jacob, but Jacob and the rest did not look them in the eyes and tried to walk quietly past them. It was not strange to see so many foreigners in Jerusalem at this time. Jacob was strangely dressed, but the Roman commander pulled their stares with a forward-face command as they marched past them. 
    “Hold, there strangers!” he commanded them. They all froze in their tracks. “Aristotle, is that you?” Aristotle’s face lit up. It was his uncle. He was surprised that he was still on active duty at his age.  
     “Yes, Hermanis, it is me.”
     “What magic is it that you are just as young as the last time I saw you? You were going with a stranger to accompany him and protect him from the Jews, then you just disappeared.”
     “Yes, it was magic!” then they ran toward each other and hugged for a long time. 
     Hermanis stated, “It was this man you were protecting. This very same one. I remember how they described him. His clothes, the way he looked. How can all that be? Never mind, your mother will be so glad to see you. She is well. I helped take care of her until she remarried to one of our retired officers, Gladiiton.”
     “Gladiiton, he was a good man, a good Roman solder. We are going to see her now. I will give her your regards. If you like we can get together again at her house, the same place, right?”
     “Almost, Gladiiton had money, so they have the big house next to her small one. She has done well for herself. You are still a Roman soldier, aren’t you?”
    Aristotle saluted him, “To the day I die. I just went away on a little adventure. I will tell you about it soon, my old friend.” 
     “Well, your mother will certainly be interested in that story. She  cried herself asleep many a nights missing you although she mentioned a dream about you leaving with this man, then you sent back your helmet for safe keeping. You understand, don’t you?”
     “Yes, Uncle, I understand,” he sheepishly replied. “There was a reason that I could not tell her where I went. It will all make sense when I share the story with you.”
     “Who is this pretty thing? You carrying on with the Caledonia (Scottish) girls, now?” he laughed. 
     Becky tried to answer, then Aristotle put an arm across her move and stepped in front of her as a defense mechanism not to say anything. 
    “She is my woman, Uncle,” he replied simply. 
     “Oh, my gosh! Your woman! You have to go see your mother. She would be so happy. She used to talk about how you would raise her so many children,” he remarked, 
     Becky spouted out, “I’m not having a bunch of kids!”
     “Shhh, Becky, keep quiet. You are not allowed to speak to men that way,” he rebuked. 
    “Oh yeah when I put my tunic on the same way you do. I don’t think so!” she shouted.
     Jacob tried to stop her and even Sophia interrupted, then pulled her back from the front of the conversation. 
     His uncle laughed, “You might have got more from Caledonia than you think. I think you need to bridle you little heifer and explain to her the rules of the Roman Empire, right?”
     Aristotle bowed in submission and answered, “Right, sure, and Uncle, there will be plenty of children just for Mom,”
     Becky was about to come unglued, and Sophia dragged her back some 15 feet from the conversation. Hermanis noticed and nodded for Aristotle to move on. His unit laughed under their breath liking the fire in Becky and wishing they could find someone who looked that good. It was refreshing to find such life in the midst of such daily boredom: marching, saluting, marching, and never questioningly. Suddenly, there was a growl and everyone turned around in surprise. 
     “No, you didn’t, Becky! You brought, Cassie?” he exclaimed as he saw Becky’s little Jack Russell sticking its head out of her carrying bag and bearing its teeth at Hermanis. 
     Everyone was so amused by Cassie’s fierceness that it actually helped everyone relax until Cassie jumped to the ground and went for the first soldier’s fur boot. As the Roman tried to shake her off, Cassie kept up holding on. His uncle laughed so hard he could hardly keep standing. 
     “Looks like you little dog likes our fur. Little girl, why don’t you put her back in that bag for a moment, please.”
     Jacob whispered to her and switched his language monitor and spoke to her in English for a second to the surprise of even Sophia, “You have to settle down. This is not your world. You have to stop acting up like it was home and adapt. This is really important. You have to give way to the men, the authority, and Aristotle. No questions asked. You get home, and you can bitch all you want, but not right now. You have to obey, do you understand us and please get that dog off his boot before he takes a sword to it?” asked Jacob, not thinking she really did.
     For an instant, the light came on, and she did. She nodded, then said sheepishly, “Sorry, guys. I forgot where I was at. When I get home, I’m letting loose, but not, right now.” She ran to Cassie and pulled her up by the back of her neck, “Stop it! Stop it! Now! Stop it!” Instantly, Cassie stopped. Those were the command words that worked every time. 
     Sophia answered this time, “Yes, that’s right. Now, come with me and let’s get out of here.”
     Hermanis stopped them and asked Aristotle, “I want to be formally introduced to the man you left with 30 years ago to protect. I can see by the way he carries himself that he is ex-military.”
     Aristotle approached Jacob, but Jacob heard, “I would like to meet your uncle, Aristotle. I see the resemblance. Fine looking soldier.”
     Hermanis heard it this time and smiled. Jacob came to him and did his American military salute as did Hermanis a Roman one. “I salute you, fellow soldier, friend of my Nephew. Take care of him for me, and I will see you soon enough. By the way, what are those things on your hips?” he asked pointing to Jacob’s two 45’s.
     “Oh, sir, they are weapons from my country. Would you like me to show you how they work?” asked Jacob. 
     Hermanis jumped in excitement, and he motioned his men to come around. Jacob turned and faced a small field where baskets were laden with fruit from the morning’s work. The laborers had left it all to come back and finish after an afternoon nap and lunch.      Jacob turned to the field, then pulled out the 45’s quickly in gun- slinger style while beginning to fire at the baskets watching them explode into the air. The Romans put their hands over their ears from the noise, but Hermanis didn’t blink. He waited until Jacob finished, then put his hand out for one. 
     Jacob understood and handed him a gun after reloading it and spinning the chamber. Hermanis pointed and pulled the trigger feeling the recoil then nodded, then smiled as he emptied the rest of the load into different baskets. He took the gun, spun the chamber, then handed it back to Jacob.
     Hermanis commented, “I think my world is not ready for these quite yet. I see the good, but I also see how terrible war would be if both sides had these. Still, I think I would like to have a set of these if it is possible. What do you think, Jacob?”
     Jacob turned to Becky. “You still have the transfer coordinates from Ralph in that hand-held device?”
     She understood immediately what he wanted, “She moved away from the group and took her transfer device, then posted a quick message and request. “Need two 45s with 10 boxes of ammunition. Will wait here until received. Everything is going well. We will be ready to start video streaming back to you soon.”
     Ralph saw the request. He had back-up supplies already provisioned and didn’t waste any time putting together the other, then at the last moment he grabbed some hand grenades from the inventory room and put it with them. Might as well, everyone could always use some extra help if things got bad. Who knows what they would find. Got to give them an edge. 
     Becky had her back to the others; and suddenly, there was a bright light that lit up the air around her. As soon as it came, it was gone. She noticed that there was even a leather holster with holster leg tie downs with pearl white handles even prettier than Jacob’s. “Nice touch,” she thought. 
     She bent down and picked up the holster and the ammunition, then put it all in the additional bag with the extra hand grenades for their own backup. Hermanis got at least five boxes for reloads. “Nice going, Ralph.”
     Becky came up and handed Hermanis the holster and the ammunition, then nodded as all his soldiers came around them to take a closer look. 
     “Jacob, you will never have to worry about being without protection as long as I am nearby. I appreciate this. Soldiers, attention, face forward, forward march.” Just then, Jacob spun his 45’s out and did the spins in his hands landing them expertly in the holsters. Hermanis noticed and nodded knowing he would practice doing that himself the first chance he got. 
    “Uncle, Uncle, when will I see you again?” asked Aristotle. 
     “I will be back this afternoon before dark. I’m sure I will find you where the commotion will be. Well, wherever your mom’s party is at, right? A celebration, a big celebration!”
     “Yes, Uncle, a very big celebration!” Aristotle exclaimed and hugged him again one more time. “Uncle, you need to name your 45s. It is customary.” He had heard Jacob talking about it. 
     “Oh, I will let you know,” then kept slowly marching away with his soldiers. Aristotle saluted his uncle, then he turned to walk with the group and as they started walking toward Jerusalem. 
     “So, that was your uncle, right? Wow, that was convenient,” stated Becky. 
     “It was God who did that. I needed to know those things and that helped me understand. I am a Roman soldier here, and I need to be that way when I am here. I am sad that you couldn’t find my old uniform. I would have liked to have it now. Well, I have to go see my mother. She always had a uniform for me. I need to change and be what I am, a Roman soldier. Please, we must hurry.”
     Becky thought for a moment, then asked Jacob, “We came in 34 AD, didn’t we? We came, when? It is warm; it’s spring. Wouldn’t that be when most of the preaching takes place, spring, when it is warm, not winter, right?”
     They had only casually talked about this before. Jacob stopped and turned toward Becky, then they all realized that Stephen might be preaching right now. This could be it. They may have missed the chance to save his live by timing it too perfectly. They needed to see what Aristotle’s mother knew about Stephen and find a way to get to the place where he had preached from before. Still, they may not have time to check with his mother. They may need to go straight to the Temple of Diana. 
     One of the captains of the guard pulled up close to Hermanis while speaking so no one else could hear, “Do you trust that friend of Aristotle and a fellow believer in Jesus. I saw his cross necklace around his neck.”
     Hermanis knew this man was not a Christian, but stopped his unit, then looked back up the road where the others were standing and still talking. He felt something deep within him and ignored the Christian comment from his captain, then walked quickly back towards Aristotle.      
     Only a second later Aristotle mentioned to Jacob that Hermanis was a Christian like his mother. That surprised Jacob, but gave him great idea. 
     Aristotle watched as Hermanis walked towards them. As he approached, Hermanis said confidently, “I’m supposed to do something here. I know your mother is a Christian, and you know that I am, then Jacob is wearing a cross around his neck, and he is, then I need to do something more than just march away. What is it you want me to do?”
     Jacob asked, “Tell, me, Hermanis: If I demonstrate a way to get to Jerusalem, which you say is only 15 miles from here, in less than 15 minutes, give or take, with Roman flags flying, and you as our imperial escort, then what do you think? All the honor will be yours if we can save Stephen’s life. He is a Christian preacher that may be killed today if we don’t get there in time. Will you help a Christian save another Christian’s life by the order of Jesus Christ Himself?”
     Hermanis was caught completely by surprise. He knew that it would take at least three hours at a steady fast pace, but he never pushed his men so it would take them about five hours. Of course, not even his own soldiers knew he was a Christian. Some suspected it because of his overt kindness toward the poor the even those who suffered under the weight of Roman rule. None were so bold as to suggest. 
     “Please,” he whispered. “I am not as open about my faith as many. My sister is very vocal and even her centurion captain husband. You want an escort, and how do you plan to do this thing that by foot would take at least three to five hours to the center of Jerusalem in time to save this Stephen’s life. So, I guess your next move is to explain to me how this will look, and how I will look when I send my horse soldiers with you?”
     Jacob turned to Becky. Remember the hummer that was put in storage for emergencies, the yellow one that Ralph mentioned in warehouse five. Get in touch with Ralph and ask him to do a transfer intact, full of gas, and send about 15 buckets of Kentucky fried chicken, half original and crispy for the soldiers. Got to spread the joy, right?”
     Becky turned to him, “You have to be out of your mind! Do you realize what you are doing! Everyone will see that thing, and you might not like the attention you receive. Even Caesar will command you appear before him!”
      The soldiers came walking up behind Hermanis and heard the word “Caesar,” then did a salute together, “Hail Caesar!”
     “Not if the hummer disappears right after we get there. It means the instant we arrive and not a moment later. It will be like a dream and an illusion to them. There will be talk, then nothing more. There will be Romans breaking up a Jewish uprising, a crowd of discontents. We can snatch Stephen, then turn and run back to Aristotle’s home. It will be so quick. A true snatch and grab. Of course, Hermanis will have to explain how he came back with his horse soldiers. He must show something for his effort and the breaking up of a Jewish mob will be sufficient to satisfy the Roman rule of law. He could be considered a hero for his efforts.”
     Becky scolded him, “You presume too much for the sake of Stephen. We should just go back and try later. We can do that, you know?” 
     Becky said, then realized she was talking down to a man and even Aristotle glared at her this time. Sophia pulled her back from interceding again, and Jacob stepped up in military fashion close to Hermanis, but directly in front of Becky waving his finger in her face.  
     “Jesus has asked me to do this! Do you understand the meaning of this? Jesus Christ, the Son of God, has asked me to do this, me, not you, me. I have no intention of pulling back so quickly when I am so close to doing the first part of my mission. Never say quit to me again. You do not know me well enough to talk to me that way!”
     Jacob regretted his slight reluctance only yesterday when Sophia nailed him for wanting to quit, but that was a weak moment. Everything he was about was in completing and fulfilling his promise to Jesus.
     Hermanis and the soldiers heard some of the argument including mentioning of Jesus name, then the rebuking language of Jacob and laughed that a woman was being put in her place. Becky noticed and flushed red in the recognition. 
     She bowed to him almost submissive in this acknowledgment. She had stepped across the line and felt embarrassed. This was not the world she was from. It was their world; and for the first time, she understood the deep passion of what Jacob was doing. She felt that passion rolling over her in ways that made her realize that this commitment to Jesus was something she never had before. She looked over at Aristotle and realized that he had it, she didn’t, then Hermanis had it, and she didn’t; and Sophia had it, and she didn’t. It tore her apart inside. She felt like running away, then turned and didn’t. She just waited. 
     Finally she answered, “I will notify Ralph about the transfer and the transfer back of the hummer, then even your stupid fried chicken. You better hope this doesn’t backfire. And, I am sorry about resisting something so important to you and us. Really, I am.”
     She pulled away, and Hermanis said to Jacob, “Are you okay? It looks like you had a little spat. She is Aristotle’s is she not? Very pretty and very spirited like my first wife. She does not like your idea I take it. If you want me to go with you, then you must show me what you have in mind. I can take all of my horse soldiers to save this Christian that Jesus wants saved. And you are saying that this is Stephen, which I admit, I have heard of from my own Christian brothers about his faithfulness. I want to help you do this, and I do believe you spoke to Jesus about this. I feel it as if it had happened to me. Now, show me what you are talking about.”
     Within minutes, there was a shaking of the air around Becky, and she ran backward almost 30 feet. The hummer appeared before them all. The soldiers fell back and stumbled around in shock as this large yellow hummer glistened in front of them. Hermanis was in such shock that he could not believe it was real. He slowly walked toward it, then carefully reached his hand out and ran it along its smooth metal. He walked around it and looked in the windows. 
     “It is as fast as any carriage you will ever know. It is as fast as a hundred horses without horses. Will you join us?” he asked as Sophia and Aristotle with Becky opened the doors and climbed in, then motioned for Jacob to join them. Jacob turned to the hummer while throwing his bags in the back seat, then jumped in and started the engines. Everyone stepped back again except Hermanis. Hermanis turned and ordered his horse soldiers, then jumped in the Hummer too.
     “Put our emblems on this carriage. I want everyone to know that the Romans are coming!”
     Jacob jumped out of the hummer and took the staffs of Roman colors and slammed them into post holders of the back frame, then jumped back in to the hummer again. 
     Hermanis ordered his men, “You and you, go with the unit and go to the village we were assigned to. The rest of us are on our way to Jerusalem to stop an uprising! We are Romans doing Roman work! Move!”
     Jacob turned the hummer toward the road, and the horse soldiers charged in front of them barely able to keep ahead of the hummer when it only went 30 miles per hour. The road was full of pilgrims, then the Romans shouted, “Give way! Give way!” 
     If it had not been for the horse soldiers, no telling how many would have been killed or injured by the hummer plowing down the road toward Jerusalem. Sheep scattered and carts went off the road in a tumble while people dived to the side, and camels honked at the sight of the Romans. Everyone was in shock and awe pointing at this great machine the Romans had following them. Aristotle took full advantage as he stood so his head was sticking up out of the top hatch. He was waving at everyone while Hermanis squeezed himself beside Aristotle.
     He shouted, “U Haw!” then Hermanis copied him together. It was just something Aristotle had seen on a TV screen at the hotel on an old rerun of Rawhide. 
     Aristotle continued to remain excited by yelling, “We are here to save Stephen the prophet of God!” then Hermanis joined him with that too.  
     Jacob laughed, “You might not let everyone know what we are doing. Of course, they won’t understand anyway.”
     Sophia asked, “What’s going to happen when we get there? What happens when the crowd that plans to kill him gets rowdy?”
     “As far as I’m concerned, I will shoot anyone who tries to touch him: at the ground first, legs second, head last, as simple as that!” 
     “Don’t you think that the Romans will take care of it?” she asked simply. 
     “Maybe, they will be interested in crowd control. Just pushing them back. I won’t let a stone be thrown at our young prophet, not a stone. I will put a bullet right between their eyes if I have too. This is serious business. He can’t be harmed!” he exclaimed. 
     “What if Paul is there like we figure he is? You going to shoot him too?” Sophia asked. 
     “You know, I don’t think he was. I somehow feel in my heart that he got a bum rap for it. Just a feeling. I have a feeling that he was too smart to do something like that in public. Someone else dropped the garment on this one. But, if he is there, then I’m going to protect him from himself. We will have to scuttle him away somehow.”
     As they approached Jerusalem, the crowd grew with some running after them in excitement almost hysteria. The Temple of Diana loomed before them. The Roman horse soldiers reined up in front of the temple. The crowds were full of scribes and Pharisees gathered around the steps of the temple. 
     Jacob heard them shouting, “Hersey! Hersey! Kill him! Who throws down their coat to let this happen!” the crowd roared and picked up rocks from around the ground while others had brought some with them. There were a couple of rocks thrown knocking Stephen to the ground just as the thunder of Roman horses rolled up on them surprising them all. 
     The Roman horses reined up on their back legs, then Hermanis yelled from the Hummer, “No harm, no harm, by the order of Rome. No one can touch this man. He is under the protection of Rome! This is an illegal gathering! You are ordered to disband or by the order of Rome. If you do not, you will be arrested! You must disband!” 
     The hummer pulled closely behind the Romans and honked loudly surprising everyone and spooking the horses, but they calmed quickly. Jacob got out and ran through the crowd to Stephen.
     One rock had hit Stephen so hard that he fell to the ground grabbing his head in pain with the blood running down his face. It was a strange, small man who threw the last one almost in defiance of the Romans. Hermanis looked at him and saw his garments at this feet and knew he was the instigator of the riot. 
      “Stephen, are you alright?”
     “I think! My head hurts. Who are you?”
     “Jesus sent me to save your life. You must live. You will not die today. You must come with us.”
     The small man ran up on both of them ready to throw another rock. Jacob recognized him from before. It was the evil one. Satan recognized Jacob too. 
     Jacob rebuked him, “I told you that you better not get in my way, you little weasel!”
     Satan spoke to him and said, “You can’t hurt me. You know who I am. How dare you challenge me?!”
     “I may not be able to kill you, but I’m make you wish you were dead when I get through with you!”
     Satan stood up and seethed at the challenge, and Hermanis noticed the confrontation. Just as Jacob stood up and pulled both 45s out at the same time, there were a series of loud bangs, at least six. It was Hermanis firing directly into Satan’s torso and watching him fall on the ground writhing in pain. 
      Jacob yelled, “Bravo! Bravo!” then he stood over Satan and fired another four rounds into his chest. In afterthought, Jacob pulled his shotgun and fired both barrels right between his eyes. The crowd ran backwards and fled in all directions while looking back at this strange yellow carriage with people getting out of it while Sophia began throwing out everything on the ground at Becky’s insistence. It was time for the hummer to go back. Just as they got out with their things the hummer disappeared. 
     Jacob noticed and smiled continently, then picked up Stephen in his arms and held him close. No one but the Romans were left. Soon, other Romans were flooding into the area: foot soldiers, officers, everyone surrounded the temple; and as they were looking at Satan’s body, he transformed into an winged, red angel, and laughed at them, then took off for heavens, but he did so in front of too many witnesses including all the Roman legions. Hermanis was as surprised as anyone, but Becky jumped forward and threw something at him. It was almost on reflex that Satan turned and caught what she threw thinking it was a rock, then noticed a strange looking round object, not knowing it, then it blew him up into a thousand pieces. 
     “Take that you blasted devil!” she yelled. 
     Everyone shouted and yelled, then slapped Hermanis and his soldiers on their backs cheering them on. Hermanis had saved them from a Jewish riot and now an attack of the monster himself. The crowds flooded back looking for the yellow carriage but celebrating what they had been saved from. 
      Jacob carried Stephen to a horse given to him by a Roman, and they moved quietly away for Aristotle’s mother’s home. Jacob turned to the rest following him on foot, then said, “I told you Paul wasn’t here.”
    Stephen came to slightly, “Paul of Tarsus. I did not see him. Do you know that devil?”
     “Relax, Stephen, you are safe. We will deal with Paul later,” comforted Jacob. 
     Hermanis came riding back to him, “You really know how to put on a show. That was the devil we shot and destroyed, right?”
     Jacob stated, “We just slowed him down a little. Thanks for your help. I hope the chicken goes well. I will give Aristotle’s mother your regards.” 
     “We can handle it from here. What was that that Becky threw at him?” he asked. 
     “Oh, just another one of those presents from my people. Just a simple present. I didn’t know she had any of those. She’s smarter than I thought.”
     “Hey, hey, I’m right here! I am just a little paranoid that’s all, thought it wouldn’t hurt, you know,” she answered in valley girl style. 
     Aristotle pulled close to her, and Jacob noticed, then Sophia addled up to her other side and put her arm around her in support. 
     Sophia commented, “I think she did great! I love and appreciate her! She really did a number on the evil one, don’t you think?”
     “I got to admit that was one smooth move? I can’t thank you enough,” smiled Jacob. 
     “I thought you were mad at me,” she said sheepishly.
     “Are you kidding? We just saved Stephen, shot the heck out of the devil, then blew him to pieces while making Hermanis a hero. I’d say that was a great day anytime.”
     Hermanis interrupted, “Maybe sometime later we can chat about that, okay? Now, I need to get back to my men. I like your adventures. God speed! Let me know if you need any more help. You give my life a lot of excitement.”
     They made it quietly away while the Romans continued to celebrate. No one could explain about the yellow carriage, no one could even come close to even trying to explain the strange monster who fell in pieces from the sky. It was almost evening when they arrived at Aristotle’s house. 
    “Mom, I’m home! Mom, I’m home!”
     His mother came stumbling out of the house as he entered the outer gate with her husband following in shock to see Aristotle so young, but his mother didn’t mind. 
    “Oh, my! Oh, my! I knew you were alive. I told your uncle all the time. I remember the dream. Oh my baby! Oh, my baby!” she cried as she reached and dove into his arms. Finally, she pulled back, “What miracle of Jesus happened to you? You are still young. What happened to you? Oh, thank you Jesus for this! Oh, Gladiiton, look at my son, he is so young. Look at him. Oh, my, what miracle is this?” 
     His mother looked around at the group, then noticed when Becky joined them in a family hug, “Who is this gentile woman you are with?”
     “She is with me, Mom,” commented Aristotle just as Gladiiton came up from behind her to see Aristotle, then Jacob and Sophia. Naomi ignored the “with me” comment for now too busy holding her son and almost crushing his neck in a giant hug.
    Gladiiton was a skeptic. He looked at Jacob in his strange clothes, then stared at Becky with her blonde hair being so different, then he recognized Sophia. 
     “Hey, Sophia. I haven’t seen you or Aristotle in 30 years. You look the same as when you both went missing. I think I remember it was with this strange gentile you have here in those strange clothes. Is that possible?” 
     “Yes, I follow Jesus. Even now after 30 years, I still follow Him. He made a miracle in my life in ways that you will never know. The boy on the horse is Stephen the prophet who speaks in front of Diana’s temple. We saved his life from orders from Jesus Himself. We have also been sent here to help Paul of Tarsus too. He will be an even greater Apostle than you will ever know.”
     Becky finally said, “Will someone please help this boy?  Stephen. He is hurt. We need to get him help!”
     Stephen was slumped over the horse like a bag of feed completely knocked out by the last devil’s rock throw with a trail of blood flowing down over one eye. Just about the minute Jacob pulled him off, he came to. 
     “Where am I? Who are you? What happened? I was preaching and got hit by the rock from that little guy, and the heavens opened up before me, then it was gone, I’m here. My head hurts. Are you Christians?”
     “Slow down, Tex. You’ve just had a big Texas wallop on that head of yours, but the little guy was taken care of. I don’t think he will be throwing any rocks, at least not in the nearby future. Now, you are at Naomi’s house in the old city. Naomi nodded pushing her face up near Stephen’s with a wet rag rubbing slightly on his head as Jacob held him in his arms. 
     “Oh, Sister Naomi, good to see you again. Yes, I know I am in good hands, now. Mister, did I hear you say that Jesus had sent you to save me?” 
     “Actually, yes, 30 years ago. I was just waiting for you to be born and grow up a little,” Jacob laughed.
     “You saw Jesus? You talked with Him? You ate with Him? You prayed with Him? I must know more about those times. I must know things that he said. How come I never heard of you before? I remember they talked about this strange gentile who rode a large white horse and fed them something called ckkiknnn. Are you the same one?”
     “Yes, that is me. Nice of you to remember, Chicken man! Sounds catchy.”
      “They were not to say your name. I heard that even Jesus called you His 13th son, then sometimes called you by the name of Musterion.”
     Naomi looked up at Jacob, then at Aristotle, and questioned, “You all disappeared before his crucifixion. You are Sophia, and you left together years ago, right?”
     Jacob nodded, “Yes, we left, and Jesus asked us to come back to help Stephen and Paul.”
     “Did you go to heaven, then come back because you are so young and that was long ago?”
     “That is a good idea. No, we went to my country for a while. Yes, to you it was 30 years, but to us it was only a day or two. Things are different like that where we are from. Very different.”
     Naomi seemed to understand some of that and stated simply, “Obviously. I could have used a little of that different at my age now.”
     Just at that minute a young boy came running up on them as they made their way into the house. He was shouting, “Do not let the strangers leave! Some of the disciples are coming! Peter, James, and John are one their way!”
      As the disciples walked hurriedly through the streets, John kept slowing them up. He always had trouble with his legs, just old legs he used to say. James was younger than all of them and helped support John as much as he could. 
    Peter yelled back at them, “Hurry up, Old Man. You have to be the slowest Israelite in the whole of Jerusalem.”
    James spouted back, “Stop picking on John! We are coming! Are you sure that this man we are going to see is the one they called the 13th disciple, the one they called Musterion?”
     Peter responded confidently, “His description matches; and if I’m not mistaken, that girl with him is Sophia. The other young one is the Roman soldier that used to follow and protect us.” 
     James asked, “Then, if they are, why are they so young, still? I heard someone describe them.”
     John interacted this time, “That is a miracle that we will just have to ask them about. I do know one thing. They attempted to kill the evil one and did a pretty good job at it. That little monster was a mess of pieces after they got through with him. Still, he is eternal to the end times and will be back. Mark my words, he will be back.”
     Peter agreed, “Yes, they hurt him bad, but he will be back.”
     They put Stephen in a near bed, and Becky who had been rather quiet during this time stated, “I have some Idiprofin. Think that would help!”
     “Aristotle, what is it that your woman is talking about?” she asked sarcastically noticing this woman’s blonde hair; and from what she could see, she had make-up of some kind on her face. Who was this girl who was wanting to be with her son?
     “Naomi, I am not a non-person. You can talk directly to me. Aristotle and I are together. He told you that. I just have some medicine that will make Stephen’s head feel better. I have all sorts of medicine. Thought I’d bring it along just in case. Just like the grenade, right?”
     “Yes, just like the grenade. Oh that thing. I don’t know if I want to know all the stuff you have in that big bag of yours. It might scare me,” Jacob laughed. Just then Cassie popped her head out over the edge of her bag, sniffed and looked around, then ducked down in it hiding from all the noise. 
     Naomi asked, “What was that?” 
     Becky answered, “Oh, just a little pet of mine. He doesn’t like noise and drama.” 
     Naomi shrugged her shoulders in misunderstanding and let it go, not wanting to handle any more of the drama than she already had going on. It was all getting way too much all of a sudden.  
     Naomi got Becky’s message about her son and her, then turned for a moment and went to embrace Becky, “If my son loves you, then I love you. I welcome you to my home and family in His name. Now, let’s see about that medicine.”
     Becky pulled out a Idiprofin powder pack, then looked around for a glass or cup to put water, realizing this might not work out well. Jacob saw her confusion with no obvious glass to poor water into. 
     “In your bag, don’t you have something like a coke with a twist-off cap or something?”
     “Oh, yes, I do, 16-ouncer.” She pulled it out, then the wow’s kept coming from everyone while touching and admiring its shape and feel. 
     “I guess there is no rule about pouring it into the bottle. That should make one heck of a drink,” while Becky twisted off the cap, then it hissed loudly. Naomi jumped back in surprise, then Becky took a sip. She handed it to Naomi and nodded for her to do the same and then to her husband. After, their eyes sparked up, and they nodded in an excited note that it was nice and gave it back to her. Becky poured the powder into the bottle watching it fizz up a little, then they helped Stephen drink over half the bottle before he was finished. She screwed the top back on and gave it to Naomi for safe keeping. 
      Stephen asked, “What was that? That was good. I am feeling better already. In fact, I don’t think I’ve felt this good in a long time. You are a great doctor.”
     “Oh, coke is the great doctor, and the stuff I have to take once a month,” she commented, but the comment was not lost on Naomi. Naomi pulled the coke aside and put her hand out for another packet, then she took it all and put it away in a safe place for herself for later. 
     Becky said, “We girls have to take care of us girls, don’t we?
Naomi laughed, “We sure do!”
     Jacob was the only other person in the house that knew what they were talking about. He whispered to Sophia, “Don’t worry, I bet she has plenty left.”
     Sophia nodded, then whispered to him, “I don’t think I need to worry about that for about nine months anyway.”
     Jacob was stunned. He remembered Jesus talking about their children but to have one so quickly never dawned on him. He wondered about the transport trip back. He actually felt uneasy about that.
     “I am so happy about that,” he whispered as she hugged him close. Becky still heard it and pulled up close to them both. 
     She whispered to them both, “Congratulations. Both of you. Count me out on that for right now.”
     Just as that moment, Peter, James, and John came storming into the house. Jacob saw them first, “Peter, oh James, John you old fart. Good to see you all again!”
     Naomi asked, “You know all of the disciples?”
     Peter exclaimed as he came carefully in front of Jacob and then looked at Sophia wondering in all the world how they had stayed so young. 
     “Sophia, it is so good to see you again after all these years,” he spoke, then reached out and carefully touched Jacob’s face to see if it really looked as young as years ago. He then embraced Jacob and nodded to the others that this was truly the same man that Jesus called Musterion. 
     James came to Jacob, but he got side tracked with Sophia first just because he always liked her then and it was no different now. He asked her, “Are you with Jacob, now?”
     “Yes, I am. We are a couple. And do you have anyone in your life yet?” she asked wondering just how different it would have been if she had hooked up with James. James was always so close to Jesus without a moment separation. They just never got a chance to even talk, never mind build a casual relationship. 
     “I’m glad for you both. I know that Jesus was very fond of Jacob. I guess we were not to supposed call him by his name, were we?” 
     “Well, it doesn’t matter much now,” she answered. 
     John shook his head and sat down on the floor, “My legs hurt. What is going on? Why are we here with Musterion and Sophia? You know that Jesus told him things that he didn’t tell us. So, guys all of you, what is it that Jesus wanted you to do?”
     Jacob moved to the center of the room to speak, “He wanted us to save Stephen’s life to prevent him from being stoned to death. He wanted to see what Stephen could do for His Kingdom if he could have lived a longer life. He also wanted us to get with Paul of Tarsus after his conversion and make sure he did not ask to go to Caesar as a natural born Roman citizen. He believed that Paul could benefit the Kingdom by living years beyond history. That’s it.” 
     “You mean to tell me that you are to help the murderer of Christians, Paul of Tarsus, can live longer?” commented Peter angrily. 
     “For you information, Peter, Paul becomes one of the greatest apostles for Christ and the greatest Christian author known of all times. Jesus just wanted him to continue that tradition a little longer.”
     “I can’t believe that man could ever be a Christian! You must be wrong!!” exclaimed Peter, turning red-faced. 
     John asked, “Do you have any proof of that?”
     “Sophia, did you bring your Bible with you, the one I kept handy with the Old and New Testament?” Jacob asked. 
     “I gave it to Becky for her big bag,” she answered. 
      Becky dug deep into her bag as she heard her dog growl disturbing his nap; then when she got it out, she handed it to Jacob. Jacob opened the Bible to just past the Book of Acts. 
     “These are the scriptures that were handed down to us. It contains every book written by Paul: Sophia read the titles and the first introductory verse of all of these letters and epistles; but before that, Jacob pointed out the story of Paul’s conversion. Everyone’s grew wide in acknowledgement. It was true that Paul would convert, then even more true that Paul would win the gentile world for Christ. Sophia kept reading the headings. Jacob motioned for her to stop as she started with the Epistles of John, but she continued and John noticed. She continued with the Epistles of Stephen I, II, III. Already history was being changed in front of their eyes, then almost before her eyes there were twenty more epistles added written by Paul. Jacob was not surprised and welcomed that as a positive sign of changing time and history.  
     John commented, “Paul writes more than me, and Stephen has as many epistles as me too?”
    “Well, Stephen, it looks like we already changed history. So do you all believe me?”
     “Where did those scriptures come from?” asked Peter defiantly. 
      “They came from your letters and messages to the church and from the Dead Sea Scrolls found years after the crucifixion. John, you wrote two of the greatest books, The Gospel of John, the spiritual Gospel, and the Book of Revelation. That last one was written from the Island of Patmos when you were exiled by the Roman Emperor Domitian. Both of those plainly were two of the greatest Biblical writings of all time.”
     “Oh, well, thanks. That makes me feel better, but my legs still hurt,” he said still sitting on the floor and repeatedly rubbing them. 
     “Becky, what size would you say are John’s feet. I mean shoe size?” Jacob asked and winked.
     She knew exactly what he meant, then she reached into a large second backpack and pulled out a pair of men’s New Balance sneakers. Jacob had read about his legs and just figured he might as well bring some extras in case he ran into John. Wouldn’t’ hurt. He had already read of John’s feet and leg problems from ancient history.  
     “I brought these for you,” as he handed John the shoes, then Becky threw a couple pair of white socks at him to boot. 
     “Hey, these look nice. I love those colors. Thanks, Musterion man,” he commented. 
     Sophia went over and helped him get off his sandals and put on his socks and shoes. He had guessed right and gave him plenty of room with 11’s with wide fit. 
     “Jacob, I think you have made a friend for life with those for John,” laughed Peter. 
     “Okay, we believe you. Now, what do you want from us?” asked Peter, with James nodding in agreement. John wasn’t paying attention. He was still getting on his new shoes. 
     “Nothing, just know what we are going to be doing and why. It is as simple as that.”
      “So, tell us, when is this thing with Paul going to take place?”
     “Soon, after his Damascus road experience. We want to catch him before he runs off to Arabia for three years. I kind of figure that those years are kind of wasted if we can coach him a little bit, but we do want to make sure as he extends his ministry. He must go where he plans and much more. He needs to disrupt the spread of the Muslim religion.  
     “What is the deal with the Muslims from where you come from?” asked James.
     “They turn into terrible murderers of everything good and right including Christians. They make the Romans look like saints. They tried to stop us from making this trip. They had it right. With another 10-to-20 years of preaching, Paul could literally change the face of history. They will be designated a small cult of unimportance rather than who they are. Using him like this is better than the Crusades of the 1200s. So many of my friends, including preachers, missionaries, and those in the military would still be alive in my day. I plan to help him anyway I can to make it happen for him. It’s the least I can do.”
     John looked intently at Jacob’s mini warning, then spoke prophetically, “I do not see a way for you do what you are saying from your country. What you are saying requires that you be here, not there.”
     Suddenly, Jacob heard central speaking to him, “Do you have any idea the impact of what we have been recording for the last couple of hours. There is so much excitement from the public that your streaming is replacing the Presidential speech. Just wanted to let you know that we are still hear watching and listening. It is so wonderful! We picked you up again as you got to Naomi’s house with Stephen. Did you mean to connect again or was it an accident. Either way, we love it all!”
     Sophia noticed that Jacob seemed to be listening to something, “What is it, Jacob? Have they been streaming everything?”
     Jacob answered, “Yes, everything. I must have accidently turned it back  on, but that is okay.”
     With Jacob, there came a certain realization that what John was saying was true. This might be more a one-way trip than he ever imagined. If he really believed that he could help, then Sophia, and he might have to stay. He felt the goosebumps raise up on his arms and the back of his neck. It was so obvious to Sophia that something was taking place with him that she had to ask him, “Are you okay, Jacob?”
     John commented in acknowledgement, “He is very okay. He has just realized what being here for Paul and our faith is all about. It is for generations to come even those he has lost.”
     “Yes, you are right. You are exactly right. Now, we need to go to Damascus to meet Paul once he has seen Simon and received his sight back.”
     Peter asked, “I know that Bible is written in your language, but is there any way that one of you can stay and read it too us?”
     Jacob laughed, “That’s cheating. You can’t do that. You have to let the Lord lead you through that.”
     Peter bowed his head submissively, then nodded, “I see. Yes, I guess you are right.”
     Jacob just followed it up by saying, “Remember, hide the parchments and letters in secure clay pots and bury them deep into secluded caves where no one will disturb them. We will find them soon enough and just in time. Somewhere around the Dead Sea would work well.”
     “Well, if you really might decide to stay, then we will let you help us do that. I guess in the mean time we need to get busy writing.”
     John jumped to his feet and acted rather springy in his steps, “What do you call this color? I rather like it myself. My feet and legs feel great! Thank you so much!”
     “Becky answered, “It’s orange, the color of an orange, right?”
     “Oh, I know that color, but this is so much brighter and what can I say.”
     “Sparkly,” commented Becky, being very perky in her own manner. 
     “These strings that tie them are like the Lydia colors of purple I have seen before. How nice and colorful. Everyone will be jealous of me now.”
     Gladiiton, who had kept quiet during all of this, turned to them, then said, “I believe you all need my escort. I will put my Roman uniform on and go, then you, Aristotle, should change into the uniform your mother had set aside after you disappeared. With our colors, no one, even thieves will bother you.”
      “Naomi, I will bring him back safely. I promise.”
     “I have a funny feeling that he may go back to your country with his little Caledonian. Take care of my new daughter too,” she mentioned pointing to Becky who blushed and smiled at the same time. 
     “You all need to settle down and get some sleep. The barn in the back is comfortable and the chickens won’t bother you too much. Just try to sleep on the cows’ side of the barn. The chickens are afraid of them. Oh, I heard about your ‘ken frie chickn.’ I’m afraid we were never good enough of cooking them as you all were. I did see one of those buckets. Who is that strange looking gentile on it? I’ve always wanted to ask.”
    “Oh, don’t worry about him. He is just some fancy cook. He made the sauce and cooked the chicken. Got to love the Colonel.”
     “Is that not a military designation?” she asked.
     “I suppose. Just a nice way to talk about an old white man with a white beard other than Santa Claus,” he chuckled. 
     “Who is Santa Claus?” she asked. 
     “Oh we are getting way too deep into my culture. He just a man who flies through the air with reindeer and delivers presents to all the good children.”
     “That’s ridiculous. No one can fly, and what are reindeer, anyway? You country is very strange,” she rebuked back. 
     Sophia answered this time, “In Jacob’s country, people do fly,” being proud of her input. 
      Naomi responded, “You are all talking nonsense. I hope you are all joking or have drunk too much wine. Don’t be silly!”
     Jacob put his finger to his lips in a subtle keep-quiet move while everyone chuckled at the conversation. 
     “Let us go to the barn then and get some shut eye. The Damascus road is a long one, and we are just walking this time.”
     “I agree,” stated Gladiiton and turned, then came back with Aristotle’s uniform. “In the morning, when the rooster crows.”
     Jacob saw Peter’s face flinch slightly at the rooster comment. Bad memory there, he suspected.
     Jacob reminded them, “We have three days to get to Damascus right after Paul gets there. He will be meeting with Ananias, and Paul and will be staying at the street called Straight in the house of Judas. We will have a chance to chat with him and with the brethren too.”
      Naomi stated, “I know of the Brother Ananias that you spoke of. He is a faithful brother who loves the Lord with all his heart and is known for giving readily to the poor and protecting us Christians from the Jews and Romans.”
     “Well, Ananias is our man. Now, let get some sleep.” 
 
Paul
     “Tell me again about this mess that we had at the Temple of Diana?” asked Paul.
     “They were the Sadducees, and they had permission from a high priest to stone Stephen for speaking against the prophets. It had just started, then these strangers showed up with the Romans. They killed this priest, and this yellow carriage came from heaven and then disappeared. The stranger, a gentile, took Stephen away. We don’t know where.” 
     “Are you telling me that the boy preacher, Stephen, was such a threat that some of you decided to kill him in public? And who was this supposed high priest that threw down his cloak on this?”
     “We don’t know. We had never seen him before. They say the strangers and the Romans killed him, then he came back alive and turned into some monster. They turned him into a ball of flame, and he fell to the ground in a thousand pieces.” 
     “I cannot believe you a telling me this ridiculous story. First, don’t kill them in public. Take them to the colosseum and let the animals kill them. You are all totally irresponsible. I am going to Damascus in the morning to get permission to kill more. You make it very difficult for me to do my job. Now, get out of here!”
     Paul went to bed and fell asleep thinking about why gentile strangers and the Romans would interfere with Jewish stability. Something was not right. Early in the morning, he got up and traveled with several packers to meet the high priest in Damascus. It was not long after that Jesus appeared to him; and as the engagement goes, he was struck blind with an appearance of Jesus. 
     There was natural submission as Jesus spoke to him, “I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting. It is hard for you to kick against the goads.” 
     It was from here that Paul was taken to Damascus, and Ananias was told to visit him in order that he might be healed of the blindness. And, there he was in the company of other brethren. 
     Jacob and his friends had already made it to the outskirts of Damascus. It was an uneventful trip.  Aristotle borrowed two horses from Gladiiton for the women, then the rest walked. None were happy about the hot weather. Still, from time to time, they passed orchards and were welcomed to partake of fruits gathered by vendors. There was the occasional stop at earth ovens in homes where bread makers walked knee deep in flower, then at times suspected thieves scattered seeing the red crop of the Roman helmets escorting the others. As they approached Damascus, they inquired about the street called Straight; and within hours, they were standing in front of the house. 
     Gladiiton took control. He approached the house and noticed people fleeing thinking it was another raid against Christians. There were too many raids lately; and of course, Paul was thinking of expanding them even more. Not now, Paul was sitting in the middle of the floor talking to a room of Christian brethren. He was sharing bread and partaking in the wine of the day, then Gladiiton’s voice boomed at the door. 
     “This is Rome! We are here to speak to Paul of Tarsus! We mean no harm! We are here to speak to Paul of Tarsus! We mean no harm!” Gladiiton repeated. 
     Ananias opened the door carefully, then peeked out, “I am Ananias, why does Rome show up at my door like this?”
    Ananias noticed Sophia, but especially noticed Jacob and Becky. He wondered if these were the ones who saved Stephen. Jacob spoke up quickly. 
     “I am Jacob, and Jesus has asked us to come and help Paul of Tarsus in his new Christian ministry. Yes, we were the ones who saved Stephen. I know that this is all strange to you, but you have had quite a lot of surprising things happen to you in the last couple days. The most exciting is the conversion of Paul to Christianity. You must let us talk to him. I hope he listens. If he does not let us help, then he must at least let us give him the words spoken to me about him by Jesus Himself thirty years ago.”
     “Paul, this man with several Roman soldiers want to talk with you. They are the ones that saved Stephen. Do you want to talk with them? It is your choice?”
     Paul stood up, then parted through his friends rather excited about meeting those he knew were sent to save Stephen. He knew it was a God thing now. 
     “I am Paul of Tarsus, come in and let us talk,” he said quietly. 
     It was obvious to Jacob as well as the others in the house that these were more God surprises taking place. As Jacob entered with Sophia holding his hand tightly, then Becky with Aristotle, but Gladiiton felt the urge to be posted as a guard at the front door. Old Roman habit of some kind. 
     Paul stared intently at Jacob. He wondered about his attire and marveled somehow at how comfortable it looked. He was a fashion conscious person even in his priestly robes. 
     Annaias spoke first, “You all are an odd group of differences. Retired Roman soldier, young Roman soldier who is as young as he was 30 years ago, then the one others call the 13th Disciple the man named Musterion by Jesus himself. Now, what kind of message do you have for Paul from Jesus himself?”
     Jacob bowed slightly and with a flick of his smart board viewer displayed the only video streaming that was available of Jesus talking directly to Jacob 30 years ago. Even Sophia was caught off guard. Only Becky knew that he had it. Towards the end was a video of Jesus marrying Sophia and Jacob. Sophia cried in the excitement of seeing it. 
     There was Jesus telling Jacob what he wanted him to do, “I want you go save Stephens life, then I want you to go help Paul. I want you to tell Paul to stop talking about going to see Caesar. I can’t imagine what it would be for you and your generation of believers if both Stephen and Paul lived another 20-or-30 years. It is very exciting.”
     “Why wouldn’t you want to do that,” asked Jacob.
     “Why, you are convenient. I don’t want to have all the fun, you know.” 
     Paul broke down in tears as did the rest. Paul had never seen Jesus before, except the same Jesus on the road to Damascus. They all went to their knees and started praying loudly in praise and hymns. 
      Paul got his composure, “So you came all the way from where you are from to tell me this is just so Caesar wouldn’t kill me. I must tell you that I have so much to do. This is all a little too much for me. I think I would like to go to Arabia to think and mediate.”
     “Might I make a suggestion?” asked Jacob. 
     Paul nodded, “Yes.”
     “Might I suggest that you don’t go to Arabia. Time is of essence. Just think about all of those who might become Christians from your presence right here and now. I think you will decide to go to Arabia after all of the Little Churches have been established and later you will be able to travel there and preach His Word as never before. You have much to learn from the brethren, and there is no time to waste. I will give you this little picture thing to remind you of His commandment and knowledge of you.”
     “What do you plan to do since you have already given me the message?” asked Paul.
     “Hmmmm. I guess we will just have tag around with you to keep you company and remind you of what to do. How does that sound?” Jacob then continued, “Well Jesus told me about building a big family with Sophia. So we will do our part if you will do yours. Preach, Brother Paul, preach.”
     Sophia was weeping in excitement especially after seeing the video of Jesus talking to Jacob. She finally understood what was so important and knew that they really belonged here to help Paul. It was the only way it could be 
     “What shall we do?” asked Becky. 
     “Becky, I have to admit that robes don’t match your personality very well. Why don’t you go back and make sure that no one messes with personal intentions on our time travel ever again. Both of you deserve to have a life. We will live ours here and let you both live for us at home. Watch as the scriptures continue to grow and more books while Christianity spreads where it never was before, even to Asia. 
     Becky looked over to Aristotle, “I want to go back, my man, but only if you go with me, please. Not to mention, I really want a hot shower and pig out on some good pizza, then we agree to find a preacher, but getting back is more important right now.”
     Paul asked, “Why do you need a preacher? Did someone die?”
     Aristotle chimed in, “Oh, I promised Becky that we would let one of you famous guys marry us. We can still do that, right, Becky? Paul is still here.”
     Becky smiled that she had finally got cornered, but she didn’t mind it. It was always part of the deal and didn’t mind it at all, not really?
     Aristotle asked, “Paul, can you help us out?”
     Paul answered, “Well, it sounds like a great way to start a new ministry.”
     Aristotle asked, “Just like Jesus did for Sophia and Jacob, that simple.”
     Becky injected, “If John were here, then with his new shoes, he could dance for us.”
     Jacob and Sophia laughed together, “I bet he would too.”
     Paul agreed, “Okay, I will do with what you call the ‘I dos’ just like Jesus did. Now, don’t tell all my new brethren about this new way of doing this. It will ruin it for the rest of us who really like to do the fancy party thing.”
     Cassie heard the word pizza and popped her head out of Becky’s bag and yipped loudly. Paul jumped back, then laughed at the brown and whites ears with Cassie looking at everyone, then ducking back into her bag again. 
      Paul stood up, then in quicker order than Jesus, “Do you, Do you. Okay, how’s that.”
     Aristotle was shocked, “Is that all?”
     Paul chuckled slightly, “You said like Jesus did. Well, isn’t that what he did?”
     “Well, Aristotle, you need to be careful what you ask for. Thanks Saint Paul. You don’t mind if I call you that, right?” Becky replied. 
     “That will have to grow on me a little. Becky, you aren’t a Christian, are you?”
     Becky’s lips started trembling, then she went to Aristotle’s side, “No, but I plan to fix that right away.”
     “How? Do you know how?” asked Paul.
     “Yes, I do. I picked up this little Gospel tract from the lab welcoming room. Excuse me all a minute. I will be right back.”
     Becky grabbed her bag and ran to the back house where no one could see her. She kneeled, bowed, and prayed, then jumped up while wiping tears from her eyes. She returned, then noticed Paul smiling at her. Everyone hugged her. 
     Paul said, “You all do everything fast in your country, don’t you?”
     Aristotle laughed and joined hands with Becky, “Back it shall be, together. Gladiiton say goodbye to my mother for me. She knew I would be going back. She had that funny feeling.”
     “Shall do,” answered Gladiiton
     Becky grabbed Cassie out of the bag, then threw her hand bag and back sack at Sophia while punching in the return coordinates, and within seconds, Becky and Aristotle disappeared.
     Paul and his brethren were as surprised by their disappearance as the visit from Jacob and his friends. They wondered what would happen next. It was a day of surprises.



The Finale  
     A small little man stood outside the main square in Damascus punching the column of one of the temples in frustration and anger. “Why does the Son of God keeping messing with me?”
      Paul, Jacob, and Sophia sat together in the evening drinking a little evening wine and thanks to Jacob eating off a large bucket of Kentucky Fried chicken. It was obvious to Jacob and Sophia that it was a big hit. The others in the household partook but retreated away from them to leave them alone to talk. 
     Paul finally asked, “Who are these Muslims that tried to kill you? All because of me? Maybe you need to turn off that thing in your head for a little bit so I can talk with you.”
     Jacob touched the side of his head and everything went blank at central: no sound, no streaming, no nothing. “Okay, go ahead.”
     They are a problem in our time. They follow only a part of the Old Testament, and then they split between Shia and Sunni based on their own interpretation to that. Murder and terrorism is their standard. Twice they tried to kill me. The terrible bomb that burned my back up, then he dropped his shirt and pulled it up quickly just enough for Paul to see the damage.
     “Oh, my, my, my!” he exclaimed. 
     Paul continued, “What are you going to do about it?”
     Jacob was stunned. He never thought in a million years he was to do anything. Paul asked, “If you are this great warrior that everyone says you are, a man of many military kills, no disrespect intended, then isn’t there something you can do to correct this?”
     Jacob looked at Sophia, then thought a moment, “So the reason I may be here is to do something with what I know best to do. Is that what you are saying?”
     “I don’t know what anyone could do, but if what you told me earlier about the Crusades, then their attacks on your people and on Christians, then don’t you owe it to those to do something if you can?” 
     Jacob rubbed his hands on his face and peeked through his fingers at Sophia who was nodding “yes” and watching him carefully. Jacob went over the pulled his gun holster off a nearby couch, then took one out and spun the bullet chamber, then looked down the end of it as if pointing at someone, the said, “Pow!”
     “I think you are right, Paul. I am the best person to end this for once and for all. I am the right person in the right place or can be when I want to be. Mohammed is dead! His scribes are dead! His writings are destroyed. The Muslim religion is dead! No more mosques, no crusades, no terrorists, no nothing. All gone. I am the right person. This must be the other reason that I am here. Except, I want Oscar here to go with me. I can’t imagine a greater final assignment than this for us two to do.”
     “Oscar, your best friend,” Sophia asked. “You talked about him, but I never did meet him.”
     “Yes, Oscar. I will program a message and ask them to send him and to tell him we have been assigned one more mission together. Tell him to come loaded for bear. He will know what I mean. Oscar was always my ordinance man, explosive’s expert. Thank you, Paul. Your advice was timely.”
     “Maybe, I shouldn’t have opened my mouth. I know I just started a fire,” commented Paul.
     “No, you just struck a match,” replied Jacob. 
     “Jacob, I know what we are talking about. If you can do what you say, then could you not change a lot of history for the good of man? The only problem is our Lord and Master. We cannot forget His mandate of forgiveness and mercy. I realize that I have just struck a match, as you call it, and am now complicating it, but how do you plan to reconcile this with Jesus?”
     Jacob looked intently at Paul, then at Sophia, then sat down hard on the ground while putting his face in his hands again while praying and thinking no one would know, but they all knew. He finally lifted up his face, then smiled while spinning the chamber of his Colt. 
     “I know that this is not the answer many people want, but I think I will shoot first, then ask for forgiveness later.”
     Paul answered, “I don’t think Jesus will liiiike that,” he answered elongating his words for emphasis. It was almost like saying, “You are going to be a bad, bad, boy.”
     Jacob laughed and winked at Paul who winked back, then Paul turned and asked, “Where is Stephen? I need to spend some time with him too. In fact, I need to spend time with a lot of the Lord’s people. Are you going to bring your friend, Brother Oscar to help you?’
     “Yes, Oscar is coming. My little Small Tamale, but carrying one heck of a lot of big sticks,” replied Jacob. 
     The message was sent to start a home base dialogue, “Oscar, you up for one more mission with me? If you help me, then this is payback for my back and for your feet. You should know what I’m talking about. If so, send answer, and we will have you transported. Bring some big sticks. Lots of them. The bigger the better. I promise you will be home for supper.”
     The home base scrambled to get in touch with Oscar who had house sitting while Jacob was gone. He jumped at the chance to join his old friend. He got the call early in the morning, then called one of his friends to come out and take care of things. He headed for his favorite and private arsenal that was just between Jacob and himself. He picked and pulled high powered rifles, explosives, and a half crate of ammunition that was almost too heavy for him to lift, then threw it into the back of his pickup truck. After an hour of driving, he made it to the home-base technology center. He ordered some low grades to help him move it; and with open hands he pushed through a large crowd of Muslim protestors who were left over from the previous day. He mumbled something about contrary Muslims, then without any hesitation, they parted to let him in, but they noticed what he was bringing. 
     One protestor yelled at him, “What are you going to do with all that? Blow up the Pentagon?”
     Oscar turned and smiled and said, “No, you already did that, didn’t you? I’m going to stop you. How does that sound? Oh, bother, it’s going to hurt too!” 
     Without actually being told the details of the mission, he had figured it out. He had been watching the live feeds of Jacob as they came and went in his journey. It just made sense. 
     There was a moment of realization that the protestor knew exactly what Oscar was up to, then he yelled, “He’s going back to kill Mohammed! Stop him! Stop him!”
     The crowd rushed the building behind Oscar, then were pushed back with armed force. Oscar would leave and come back exactly at the same time that he left. They would not be there. He smiled and laughed at his acknowledgement.
     Ralph asked Oscar, “I heard what the man yelled at you. Is that true? Is that what you are going to do? You know, if that is what is going to happen, then we can’t transport you. I mean you have enough stuff here to blow up a bank. What are you really doing?”
     “Actually, Jacob didn’t share the details. I just was amused at that guy’s assumption. I wouldn’t worry about it. If Jacob needed it, then it means someone needs protecting. Don’t worry about it.”
     “Well, I do. I’m the one who coordinates the transfers. We aren’t supposed to mess with time that way. Imagine if the wrong people got ahold of this technology and what they could do. It would be chaos. I mean we could have a mess on our hands.”
     Oscar laughed, “Yes, you’re Jewish, right? Just imagine if someone killed Hitler? Wow, that would be a shame, wouldn’t it?”
     “Oh, yeah, well, Jewish-Christian, I hope you are right trying to protect someone. I really see that. Okay, I will transport you. You need to get going and tell him with the new time updates we sent him that he can now go anywhere as many times as he needs to.”
     “Okay, this is my first time, and so I guess, it’s as easy as a walk in the park, right?” replied Oscar trembling in excitement and fear. 
     The guards lifted his munitions and his backpack full of grenades and improvised explosives, then surrounded him with stacks of ammunition boxes and even an old World War II bazooka. They had to admire anyone willing to through a time portal with all that. What would happen if someone lit a match? Yahoo! 
     Oscar arrived standing right in front of Jacob with Paul looking on in amazement. Jacob smiled and reached out to hug him, then both were surrounded with all his gear. 
    “Wow, you really know how to bring the big sticks. I guess we will just forget sneaking up on someone and just blow our way in and out.”
    “Where are we going and what are we going to do? I got your note but didn’t completely understand it. I figured it had to do with the Muslims of some kind. I did like that note, ‘Want to change history?’ I thought you were kidding, then I realized how serious you were.”
     “We are going to change the world. We are going and will be back in about 15 minutes. You ready?
    “Always, just like old times,” chuckled Oscar with high-fives movements.
     Jacob and Oscar came back in 15 minutes to the surprise of Paul while Paul asked, “What happened?”
    Oscar was laughing, “I was amazed at his response. When you talked to him about what happens in our time, he started crying. He was so upset that what he believed could be so misleading. I can’t tell you how much it meant for me to see such a sensitive person like that.”
     Jacob answered, “Yes, he promised that he would go out of his way to declare in his writings about the sins of murder and declare the violation of God’s law of what we call the Jihadist approach. He was to proclaim his new mission of peace between religions, not war. I believed him. Somehow, I believed him. He was impressed when we blew up all our munitions before coming back.”  
     Paul shook his head and said, “Jesus is really going to be: How do you say it in your language?”
    Jacob answered, matter factly, “Pissed, but not so pissed than what he would have been if we did what we went to do.”
     Suddenly, Jacob decided to send a message to Ralph back at Central. “Ralph, is everything ok? Have you noticed any changes, like with the Muslims protesting, recently?”
     The message came back, “Everything is fine. Muslims, Jews and Christians just had a big party in Washington celebrating our unity under God. Is that what you are asking about?”
     Jacob breathed deeply and knew that the mission was a total success.     
     Sophia ran up to Jacob for a hug, then changed the subject. “I want to name our child Little Aristotle if we have a boy. Who knows? He may want to go back to your world when he gets grown. That would be special. What do you think?”
    “I already know he will be a boy, and he will go back and leave me a lot of messages and notes.” It all made so much sense now. They all walked together down the small streets of Damascus. 
    Oscar turned to Jacob as they walked, “What else can we do? What else can we change? I’m in for the long haul.” 
     Suddenly, a pretty little girl came up and hugged Paul, Paul’s sister. She had just come over for a short visit to meet his Christian friends. Oscar was so struck by her looks; Oscar winked at her, and she winked back. 
     Oscar stated simple, “I think I’m going to stay awhile.”
     Suddenly, Jacob got the urge for one more quick trip. He didn’t know if he calculated the date right, but he had to try. “I will be right back.” 
     Jacob made his way through some streets in Galilee, then walked slowly toward Golgotha. He meant to come at the time of crucifixion, but missed it by a least a week. He managed to be standing before the cross of Jesus. 
     A Roman soldier came up from behind him and startled him, then asked, “Were you a follower of the King of the Jews?” while pointing to the inscription on the cross?
     “Yes, I was and am. Were you here when they crucified him?” Jacob asked with tears flowing down his face. 
     “Yes, I will never forget it. I know he is the Son of God. Did you know him personally?” asked the soldier.
     “Yes, I did. How many days has it been since he died?” Jacob asked. 
     “It has been about a week,” answered the soldier with tears running down his face.
     “Then you will be happy to know that he is already risen from the dead!” answered Jacob joyously. 
     “You’re kidding. I heard rumors about that, but I did not know if it was true. That is wonderful! I will seek out His people and join them.”
     “You might do yourself good to find a soldier called Hermanis. He is a believer in Jesus. He can help you in that journey,” replied Jacob. The soldier nodded, then ran off down the hill trying to find Hermanis and join the other believers. 
     Suddenly, a little man appeared before Jacob, then said, “You just can’t stop bothering me, can you?”
     “Oh, it’s you again. I guess you screwed up, right? He is risen from the dead. Our sins are forgiven!” answered Jacob while placing his hands on the handles of his 45’s.
     “Well, that is one way to say it. What is it that makes you think that your sins are forgiven? Prove it to me!” responded Satan defiantly.
     Jacob reached out and placed his hand on the cross where the blood had flowed down and was even still damp. He smeared the blood on it, then turned to Satan, “This blood is what makes this possible.”
     When Satan saw the blood, he jumped back and was whimpering by the power of it. He spoke as he trembled, “So, that is how someone who has killed so many has received such forgiveness? I can’t stand this forgiveness stuff! This war is not over.”
     “Well, I will always look forward to meeting you every time you appear. Shall I show you how much I enjoy meeting you?” replied Jacob pulling out his 45’s. 
     Satan disappeared before him, then the Devil’s voice echoed, “Not if I see you first.”
     “Well, I will see you in about thirty years. You can count on it!” Jacob replied, then Jacob bowed before the cross and prayed. “How much I do love you, Lord!”
     Jacob came back to the same time with Paul and Sophia. His hand was still smeared with Jesus’s blood. He opened his hand and showed Paul and Sophia. Instantly, they knew where he had been and whose blood was on his hand. Paul and Sophia kissed his open palm as they knelt and prayed together. 
The End
