

Mystique’s Journey

By Daniel A. Jones

Copyright © 2016 Daniel A. Jones
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Contents
1. A New Beginning
2. A New Friend
3. Back to Normal
4. The Calm is Over; Time for the Storm
5. Farewell to Friends
6. The Hunt Begins
7. A Little Knowledge Is Dangerous
8. It’s Killing Time
9. Return of a Friend
10. It’s a Party and Everyone’s Invited
11. Who is Really in Charge
12. Back to School
13. The Road Home

Chapter 1
A New Beginning
Mystique Fairmont sat in the small café sipping her tea and thinking about what she wanted to do with her life. A few months ago, she was the daughter of the town whore in a town of psychopaths on a planet infested with demons. Now she found herself a student in an upscale boarding school, working on catching up on her education. So, what to do tomorrow? She hadn’t thought in advance when she risked everything to get away from her mother and the life she was forced into. It was going to be different next time because she would plan her actions. She had plenty of time: Angelica had paid her tuition for the next two years, and she had forty-thousand credits in the bank.
The thought of Angelica brought a smile to her face, though no one was likely to notice. A small tug at the corner of her mouth was all anyone would detect, but to her the smile was broad. She hoped Angelica and Daemon were doing well; she hadn’t talked to them in over a month, not since they’d left the city. They’d moved to a peaceful little farm town where Daemon could get used to being around people.
Their father had tried to protect them from the citizens of Exile by keeping them away from town. Now that they were on a populated planet with a real city, though, they had no idea how to interact with a larger society. Angelica was naturally good with people, and her psionic abilities would help once she grew accustomed to using them in crowds. Daemon was another story. His ability to sense aggression in the people and creatures around him had almost driven him berserk at the spaceport when they first arrived. So many people’s aggressive feelings had triggered a defensive response in him, causing him to match their aggression. Mystique shuddered to think of the carnage Daemon would have caused if he’d lost control.
They’d locked themselves in a hotel room just outside the city while Nelson Lopez left to sell the special plants they’d collected before leaving Endeavor. Mystique had worried that Nelson would take their share and disappear, but he hadn’t. Not only had he returned with their share of the money, but he’d also brought back a man to make them fake identities.
Angelica and Daemon had decided to keep their real names and had invited Mystique to become their little sister. Nelson had explained that it would make things easier with Angelica as her legal guardian, since she was only seventeen and therefore still a minor. Mystique really didn’t care about giving up her old name and the thought of being a Grayson felt right, so now she was Mystique Grayson of New Sydney.
She’d asked Nelson why he hadn’t taken their share of the money and run. He told her that he owed them for saving his life, but Mystique wasn’t convinced. She thought it was more likely that he was scared of them. Nelson was the only surviving member of the ship’s crew who could remember what had happened on Endeavor. Stacy and Sara, the other two surviving crewmembers, couldn’t recall anything after entering the Endeavor system. It was probably for the best, after the horrors they’d been forced to endure. The fact that none of them could remember the four-day trip through jump space to get here, however, was still a bit unnerving to Mystique.
Nelson had also informed them that Stacy and Sara had already received their shares and were moving on with their lives. Nelson was joining Stacy on the crew of a large cargo ship that would be leaving in a few days. Sara had gotten a job at the shipyard and asked that nobody contact her.
***
Bruce Montagu had seen Mystique around school and had tried to find out as much as he could about her. He’d hacked into the school’s outdated computer system and found her file. It said that she was from New Sydney and that she had only enrolled two weeks before. That explained her need for special tutoring and her odd behavior; that planet was known to be populated with criminals. Bruce wasn’t going to let a little criminal background stop him from introducing himself to her, though. He hadn’t been surprised to find out that she’d signed up for the advanced martial arts class. Every good criminal needs to know how to fight! It did, however, put a little more pressure on him to make a good impression. He’d been beaten up by a girl once, and didn’t want to go through the embarrassment again.
The problem was he didn’t have anything in common with Mystique. He was an honor student headed for the Naval Academy and she was enrolled in the special-education program. He could barely pass the physical fitness test and she had signed up for every athletic class she could. He didn’t know what music she liked or what kind of movies she watched. He’d tried to take her picture a few times, but every photograph had come out blurry. The only thing he’d discovered that might prove useful was that she seemed to like tea. She went to the Café Caffeine at least once a day, so he’d decided to offer to buy her a cup of tea.
Bruce had hoped to get to the café before Mystique, but when he arrived she was already at a table sipping her tea. He went to the counter and ordered a large latte. He tried not to stare at Mystique as he waited for the girl to make his coffee, but he couldn’t stop himself from looking at her at least a few times.
Mystique noticed the boy enter the café and wondered if he would ever muster the courage to introduce himself. She’d seen him around school a lot in the past few days. At first she was concerned, but when she saw a group of boys push him around on the track field she decided he was probably harmless.
The waitress handed Bruce his latte and he took a sip. It was the moment of truth; he had come here to talk to the girl, and he was going to follow through. Bruce took a deep breath and walked up to Mystique’s table.
“Hi. May I sit? I mean, mind if I sit with you?” Bruce blurted out, unsure of the best way to ask and messing up them both.
“Only if you calm down and don’t spill that on me,” Mystique replied, pointing at his cup. Bruce was so nervous that the hand holding his latte was shaking.
Bruce carefully set his cup down before grabbing the chair and pulling. The chair’s legs hit the base of the table, causing it to rock and spilling not only his latte but also Mystique’s tea. Bruce froze in horror as Mystique rose from her chair to avoid the wave of brown liquid rushing across the table at her. Mystique revised her opinion of Bruce; he was dangerous. Bruce thought to stop the latte from reaching Mystique by putting napkins in its path, but, in his rush, he threw the napkins into the puddle, instead of ahead of it, causing it to splash . Mystique surprised everyone watching when she leapt backward over her chair, flipping as she did so to land facing the table. Bruce couldn’t believe how badly he was screwing things up.
“Stop!” Mystique yelled, causing Bruce to freeze. “Now sit down and don’t move.”
Bruce did as he was told. Mystique was tempted to slap the boy and send him on his way, but there was something about him that piqued her curiosity. So, instead, she calmly walked over to the counter and asked for another tea and whatever Bruce was drinking. The girl behind the counter looked at her with a blank expression, forcing Mystique to repeat her order. The girl snapped out of her stupor and rushed to make the drinks. Bruce started to get up so he could pay for the second round, but Mystique shot him a look that sat him back down.
Mystique took a handful of napkins from the dispenser and came back to the table. One of the waitresses offered to clean up the mess for her, but she politely refused. Mystique wiped down the table while Bruce sat, red-faced, watching. When she was done, Mystique collected the replacement drinks from the counter and brought them over to the table.
“Do you think you can drink this one without spilling it?” Mystique asked a bit tartly.
“Yes. I’m sorry,” Bruce replied shamefully.
“Apology accepted, this time. Who are you, and why are you following me?”
“My name is Bruce Montagu. I wasn’t following you, exactly.”
“I am in no mood to play word games with you. I’ve seen you watching me. Why?”
“You’re beautiful and new to school, which means you don’t have a boyfriend yet.” Bruce couldn’t believe what he was saying. He started to reach for his latte, but his hand was shaking so much he stopped worried he would knock it over.
“So, you want to be my boyfriend? I don’t think so,” Mystique said, causing Bruce to slump at the outcome he’d anticipated. Mystique watched his reaction.
“Maybe we can be friends. I have too much to do to commit myself to a relationship,” remembering what her mother had taught her about staying friendly with people. You never know when you might have use for them. Mystique hated her mother, but she kept finding herself following her advice.
Bruce sat up at the idea of being Mystique’s friend. At least he would be able to spend time with her and, who knows, he might even charm his way into her heart. He had to come up with something for them to talk about.
“Your file said your sister paid for your tuition. How’s she doing?” Bruce asked, thinking that family is always a good neutral topic. Mystique’s reaction was not what he’d expected. She stood up abruptly and asked him to join her for a walk.
Mystique didn’t wait to see if Bruce followed her. She walked out, leaving her tea on the table. Bruce stood and grabbed both drinks as he hurried to catch up. He had to push the door open with his hip and look around to find Mystique. She was waiting for him at the corner of the building. Bruce walked briskly over as she turned and walked around the corner into the alley. Mystique stopped about twenty feet down and slowly turned to watch Bruce.
Bruce was caught totally by surprise when Mystique grabbed him and swung him face-first into the wall. The cups crushed in his hands as Mystique kicked him in the center of his back, slamming him into the wall a second time. Bruce didn’t have time to register the pain of the hot liquid before Mystique grabbed the back of his collar and pulled, rolling him over her shoulder and crashing him into the pavement. Unfortunately for Bruce, Mystique wasn’t done, as she rolled him onto his back and dropped down to sit on his tender chest.
“What do you want with Angelica and Daemon?” Mystique demanded as she pressed the tip of something sharp to Bruce’s cheek, just below his right eye.
Bruce’s only reply was to cough up a small amount of blood. He had no idea why Mystique was doing this. She was crazy and she had a knife. She was going to kill him. It was too much for him to comprehend, so his brain shut down and Bruce fainted.
***
Mystique sat at her desk, annoyed; she needed more information. Bruce had asked about Angelica. What did he know? He said he’d gotten the information from her file, but how? She needed answers and she was tired of waiting, so she went into her bathroom and pulled open the shower door. Bruce lay bound and gagged, looking up at her with fear in his eyes. Good, he’s awake, she thought.
“Yell and I’ll slit your throat,” Mystique said as she brought the knife to his throat and removed his gag.
“Why are you doing this? I didn’t do anything,” Bruce sobbed.
“You read my file—how? How did you get access to it?” Mystique demanded, her voice low and calm.
“I hacked into the school’s computer. I didn’t mean any harm. Let me go, and I won’t tell anyone about this,” Bruce replied, trying to bargain for his freedom.
“How you leave here depends on your answers and whether I believe you. What do you want with Angelica and Daemon?”
“Nothing. I got their names from your file. It said they’re your sister and brother. Honest, all I wanted was to find out more about you,” Bruce told her, pleading for her trust.
“All right. Show me. Prove to me that you can hack into my file and I won’t kill you and claim it was self-defense,” Mystique told him as she flicked the knife, cutting the tape around his wrists. She then stepped back to let him finish removing his bonds and stand up.
“I’ll need my computer.”
“You’ll have to use mine,” Mystique informed Bruce as she guided him into the other room.
Bruce realized he was in her dorm room, but how had she gotten him there without anyone noticing. “How did I get here?”
“I carried you, and, don’t worry, I made sure nobody saw us.”
Bruce took a quick look around; Mystique’s room had all the standard furniture. The only extra feature was a cabinet. He sat at her desk and brought the computer online. While the computer warmed up and did a quick diagnostic check, Bruce pulled his phone out of his pocket. Mystique dropped the tip of the knife onto his shoulder, causing him to twitch. He thought about explaining what he was doing, but remembered the classes Mystique was enrolled in and decided not to try. He carefully put the phone down next to the computer and started typing.
Mystique watched as he worked, wishing she had at least some idea of what he was doing. A few minutes later a document appeared on the monitor, with her alias written on it. She still couldn’t read well enough to understand everything, but there was no doubt it was her file. Bruce sat nervously, waiting and wondering if she was going to let him go.
“It’s that easy to hack into the school computer?” Mystique asked , her tone now more conversational.
“I’m studying to be a computer and engineering major at the Academy. I’m better at hacking than most.” Bruce wanted to brag, but was afraid she wouldn’t understand and would get upset again.
“I guess you were telling the truth. You invaded my privacy to learn more about me so you could, what, figure out how to approach me?”
“Yes, but I wouldn’t consider it invading your privacy; it was more like researching,” Bruce replied, trying to lessen the severity of what he’d done.
“In my culture, we take our privacy very seriously. I may have overreacted, and for that I apologize,” Mystique said as she opened the cabinet and returned the knife to its place.
Bruce turned to face her and froze when he saw what Mystique had in the cabinet: over fifty knives of all shapes and sizes. Most he recognized as throwing knives, but she also had fighting knives. He stood up and walked over to take a better look, intrigued by her collection. Mystique stepped aside to allow him an unobstructed view. She was proud of her collection. Bruce noticed over a half-dozen empty sheaths.
“I like knives. What can I say,” Mystique told him with a smile.
“Can I go now?” Bruce asked almost pleading.
“Yes. I will owe you one favor if you do not report our discussion to campus security or the police,” Mystique offered. She had no doubt she could shift any trouble back on Bruce by accusing him of attacking her, but she didn’t like threatening people.
“Don’t worry; I won’t say anything. I promise,” Bruce reassured her.
Mystique opened her door and motioned for him to leave. Bruce didn’t hesitate, almost bumping into Mystique in his haste to leave. Once he was in the hall, Bruce felt relieved and started walking quickly toward the elevator. He never saw Mystique slip out of her room and head for the stairs, but only someone looking directly at her stood a chance of noticing her when she didn’t want to be seen.
Mystique followed Bruce as he returned to his dorm room. She passed a dozen people, but none of them would be able to describe her if they were asked. She spent a few seconds listening at his door, and when she heard the shower turn on she decided to come back later.
***
Lenard “Lenny” Johnson was not a small man, standing six-foot-three and weighting close to three-hundred pounds. Lenny had been an enforcer when he started in the business, and had the scars to prove it. Unlike most of his fellow enforcers, Lenny had the brains to move up the ranks and now was in charge of all company business on Nebular 4. Lenny sat at his desk monitoring the bank transactions that would tell him if anyone was late in paying their dues.
The chime sounded near the door, informing him that his appointment was waiting. Lenny pushed back from the desk and got to his feet. The soreness in his back and knees reminded him that he should spend some time at the gym. A nice massage and sauna was overdue. He ran his hand through his short blond hair before grabbing a drink from the bar. A double scotch on the rocks should do. Lenny had a policy: ten grand gets you in to talk to him for the time it takes him to finish one drink. He walked back to his desk and hit the button unlocking the door, notifying his guards to let the visitor in.
Nicholas “Names” Vogel followed Mr. Flanary into Lenny’s office. He had only been there once before to pay his respects to the new boss. Mr. Flanary walked over and poured himself a brandy from the bar, leaving Nicholas to talk to Mr. Johnson in relative privacy. Nicholas watched as Mr. Johnson took a long drink of whatever was in his glass, and knew he didn’t have long to make his pitch.
“Mr. Johnson, I have some information I think you will find very interesting,” Nicholas started.
When Lenny motioned with his glass for him to continue, Nicholas explained, “A client of mine recently contacted me. He needed a few IDs and backgrounds made for some new friends of his.”
“What’s the point? You don’t have much time left; get to the point,” Lenny said as he took another drink of his scotch. One, or, at the most, two sips, and Names would be out of time.
“Doctor Lopez looks twenty years younger than he did last time I met him. He didn’t have surgery or any treatment—I checked. It happened during a run he made with Captain Stevenson last month,” Nicholas explained, hoping to pique Lenny’s interest.
Lenny set his glass down on his desk and turned to Mr. Flanary. Michael Flanary was only five-foot-four and a hundred-fifty pounds, but everyone knew he was a killer. He had the aura of someone who had killed before, and was good at it. His wild green eyes and shoulder-length red hair hid a sharp mind. Mr. Flanary pulled out his phone and started to make a few calls. Lenny looked back at Nicholas and motioned for him to continue.
Nicholas released the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and continued his explanation. “I have a few pictures I took of him.”
Nicholas opened his briefcase and handed Lenny the images. The first few were of a man in his mid- to late-forties. The next were of the same man, but in these the man couldn’t be over thirty years old. Lenny rechecked the date stamps on the photos and looked up at Nicholas. He knew photos could be doctored, but he also knew Nicholas understood the penalty for lying to him.
“Okay. Where’s this doctor? I’d like a word with him.”
“He left. Nelson and the pilot both hired on to the first spaceship leaving the planet. I asked around some and found out that only three members of the Neptune survived a pirate attack. They rescued a few people; they are the ones I made IDs for.” Nicholas would have gone on, but Mr. Flanary interrupted him.
“Boss, a Captain Stevenson of the Neptune made a run for one of our associates. He and most of his crew didn’t survive the run.”
“Yeah, that was the ship he was on,” Nicholas broke in only to stop when he realized he’d interrupted Mr. Flanary.
“If Names is correct, then the only crewmember still on-planet is Sara Tomlin. I have people currently tracking her down.”
Nicholas waited to make sure Mr. Flanary was finished before opening his mouth. “Sara is working at the shipyard. She lives in the Sunshine Towers, apartment 618.”
“Pick her up. I will talk to her over diner,” Lenny told Mr. Flanary.
“Friendly?”
“Friendly.”
“Anything else?” Lenny asked Nicholas dismissively.
“I was hoping there might be a reward for the information,” Nicholas said as he wrung his hands trying to wipe the sweat off them.
“We’ll see. If it pans out,” Lenny told him. Mr. Flanary took Nicholas’s arm and led him to the door.
When they reached the outer room, Mr. Flanary requested copies of the fake IDs Nicholas had made for the three people. Nicholas informed him that he had the information at his home, and would have to go retrieve it. Mr. Flanary sent a few men to escort Nicholas and ensure he retrieved the desired information.
***
Bruce sat in his dorm room trying to make sense of what’d happened. Mystique was definitely hiding something, but he wasn’t sure what. Nobody gets that upset about someone checking their personnel file, not even a crook, unless they have something to hide. The idea of finding out what Mystique was hiding both intrigued and scared the crap out of him.
Bruce couldn’t resist doing a little background search to see what he could find. He was a little surprised when his computer finished its search after only a few minutes. Mystique and her siblings had arrived a month ago from New Sydney on the cargo ship Long Hauler. They had visas issued to them by the Federation Educational Bureau. It listed Angelica Grayson as Mystique’s legal guardian. They all had separate bank accounts, which was kind of odd.
Bruce checked the starport logs for the arrival of the Long Hauler and found that it had indeed arrived from New Sydney on the date listed. Next, he checked the visa applications. The public information didn’t tell him anything, so he decided to hack into the FEB computer. Hacking into a government agency was risky; if caught, he would probably lose his appointment to the Naval Academy. Bruce bounced his trail through a dozen servers before actually starting to break into their system. To his amazement, the government computer was the same type and age as the school computer. He found the Grayson’s’ visa applications and downloaded them all. He also copied all linked data before backing out and making sure not to leave any trace he had been there.
A quick look at the data he’d collected was all the time Bruce could afford. He was already late for bed and had to be up in a few hours for his first class. He was still sore from the beating Mystique had given him, but he’d been through worse. He crawled into bed and fell asleep almost instantly, not noticing the figure watching him through his window.
Mystique climbed the rope back to the roof after she was sure Bruce had fallen asleep. She’d had a feeling he’d be curious and would look more closely into her file. She still had trouble reading, but she understood enough to know he’d found out quite a bit about her. As she coiled her knotted silk climbing rope and slid it into a small belt pouch, Mystique decided she would pay Bruce a visit the next night. He should have all the available information about her by then and she would discover how good her fake ID was.
***
Alan Lemont and Samuel Burkhart were waiting for Bruce outside the computer lab. They knew Bruce had planned to talk to Mystique, and wanted all the juicy details. Bruce saw them and grimaced, knowing what they were waiting to hear. He didn’t want to tell them he’d gotten beat up by a girl, again. Sam noticed Bruce’s expression and started laughing. As he got closer, Alan noticed Bruce’s fat lip and pointed it out to Sam; both of them started to hysterically laugh.
“How’d it go, Bruiser?” Sam asked between fits of laugher.
“I told you she was out of your league,” Alan pointed out.
They didn’t realize that their laughter had attracted the attention of a few other students. Mark was a lineman on the gravball team and one of the biggest bullies on campus. Mark stood six-feet-four and weighed close to two-hundred-and-thirty pounds, making him one of the biggest people in school, including the faculty. Added to that was the fact that he liked to fight and had the reflexes of an athlete. Not many people argued with him. Mark heard the boys laughing and was curious about what was so funny.
Alan was the first to notice Mark and stop laughing. Sam had his back to Mark and didn’t recognize the warnings Bruce and Alan were signaling to him until it was too late. Mark walked up behind Sam and demanded, “What’s so funny?” Sam froze, expecting Mark to hit him at any moment. Mark, always willing to oblige, slapped Sam on the side of the head and repeated his question.
Bruce, the bravest and most impulsive of the trio, yelled for Mark to stop hitting his friend. Mark changed targets and set his sights on Bruce. How dare some scrawny little computer geek tell him what to do. Mark slapped Bruce twice before he could even think to bring his hands up to block the attack.
“So, you going to tell me what’s so funny, twerp?”
“It was just a joke; nothing special,” Bruce replied.
Mark decided he needed a little leverage to get them talking, or at least make this a little more fun. He grabbed Bruce’s computer bag and pulled it away from him. Bruce tried to wrestle it back, but he was no match for Mark. Mark smacked Bruce on the head with his left hand as he hoisted the bag over his head with his right.
“Now, tell me the joke and I might give it back.”
Mystique had seen enough. The information about her was on Bruce’s computer and he would need it to finish his research. Mystique stepped out of the crowd of onlookers and tapped Mark on the back. Mark spun around, hoping to find someone to hit, but instead he found the skinny new girl.
“Return Bruce’s bag and leave him alone and I won’t hurt you,” Mystique said calmly. Mark snorted a laugh and moved to push her away. Mystique reacted by grabbing Mark’s wrist and pulling him toward her. Mark stumbled forward as he was pulled off balance. Mystique punched him in his side, just above his stomach, breaking at least one rib. Mark forgot about the bag as he grabbed his injured side and struggled to breathe. Mystique caught Bruce’s computer bag before it hit the floor.
Bruce, like everyone else, had gone slack-jawed in amazement that a girl was not only fighting Mark, but winning. Mystique shoved the computer bag into Bruce’s chest with enough force to push him back, causing him to take a hold of it. Mystique spun around in time to see that Mark had recovered from her initial attack. Mark’s vision was clouded with rage as he charged at her. Mystique dropped low and snapped her leg out, driving the heel of her boot into Mark’s knee. The students closest to Mark were able to hear the pop as his knee bent backward, the kneecap shattered by the blow. Most of the students only heard Mark’s scream as he crumpled to the floor in agony. Half of the students turned away, unable to look at the wreckage that used to be a star athlete; the other half watched in morbid fascination.
***
The paramedics assured Mark that he would recover. They gave him a shot of morphine and strapped him onto the stretcher before activating its antigravity pads. They guided him away as campus security questioned all of the students they could gather about what had happened. No one could give a clear description of the person who had attacked Mark. The attacker was a female student with dark hair was about the best they could do.
Lieutenant MacDonald was in charge of the investigation and spent almost an hour interrogating Bruce, since everyone had seen the attacker hand him the computer bag. Bruce tried to claim he didn’t know the attacker, but in the end admitted that the attacker looked like Mystique Grayson. Bruce couldn’t help but feel that he had betrayed Mystique. She’d intervened on his behalf and now he was setting security on her. The lieutenant sent for Miss Grayson.
Mystique was in her basic computer studies class when the security officers found her. She had expected them sooner and was starting to think Bruce wouldn’t name her. He was the only one there who knew her. She was only a little disappointed that he’d turned her in. He must have held out for at least a while and he really didn’t owe her any kind of loyalty. The officers talked to her teacher and then asked her to accompany them. She collected her things and followed them out. They escorted her to the classroom next to where the fight had taken place.
Mystique was ushered inside to meet with Lieutenant MacDonald. He was an older gentleman in his late-forties. He was only a few inches taller than Mystique, but he was at least twice her weight, the buttons at his stomach straining to hold his shirt closed. He motioned for her to take a seat near him and Bruce. Bruce saw her and turned away, but not before Mystique was able to see the tear tracks marking his red face. Mystique gave serious thought to killing Lieutenant MacDonald right where he sat.
“You sent for me?” Mystique asked in the most innocent voice she could muster.
“Yes. What do you know of the attack on Mark Philips?” the lieutenant asked.
“I’m sorry, but I’m new here. I don’t know anyone by that name. Was he hurt badly?”
“Don’t lie to me, young lady. Mark Philips is the boy you attacked earlier,” Lt. MacDonald snapped.
“Oh, him. I was defending myself. I hope I didn’t hurt him too much,” Mystique admitted innocently.
“He will be in the hospital for at least a few weeks. According to your file, you are enrolled in the advanced martial arts program. Have you been training long?”
“Almost everyone on New Sydney trains in some form of hand-to-hand combat. They don’t teach knife fighting here, so I am training in judo and jujitsu.” Mystique decided to volunteer information they were likely to find anyway. If she tried to hide something and the lieutenant found out about it, she figured she would look even more suspicious.
“Are you trained in knife fighting?” the lieutenant asked conversationally.
“Yes. I have a collection in my dorm room and I also carry a few with me at all times for protection.”
“Excuse me. You’re carrying knives on your person now?” Lt. MacDonald asked as he stood up and rested his hand on the butt of his pistol.
“Yes. I have seven, counting the throwing spikes,” Mystique said with a smile.
“You’re not allowed to carry weapons of any kind on campus. Hand them over now!” Lt. MacDonald ordered. The officer at the door looked in at the sound of the lieutenant’s raised voice.
“As a citizen of New Sydney, I have the right to carry defensive weapons at all times,” Mystique protested.
“We’ll see about that, but for now I’m confiscating all of your weapons,” Lt. MacDonald said. He glared at Mystique, challenging her to defy him. Mystique slowly started to remove the knives she had concealed about her body. Lt. MacDonald picked up his radio and gave the officer on the other end instructions to confiscate all of the knives in her dorm room. Mystique wanted to protest, but decided it was best for her to cooperate. She would just have to replace her lost weapons and find somewhere to hide them.
Mystique set the last of the throwing spikes on the desk in front of her. Lt. MacDonald was impressed; two of the knives he would have found easily, but the third he knew he would have missed, along with all four of the throwing spikes. He wondered what else Mystique was hiding.
“These are all of my personal defensive weapons. If you intend on questioning me further, I demand a lawyer as is my right,” Mystique stated. She hoped her fake ID was good because she was about to put it to the test.
“You get to talk to a lawyer when I say so,” Lt. MacDonald replied angrily. No juvenile delinquent was going to push him around.
Mystique’s next statement was cut short by Bruce holding up his phone. “Lieutenant, my mother would like to speak to you.”
Mystique gave Bruce a questioning look as the lieutenant stepped away to talk. Bruce motioned for her to wait. Lt. MacDonald became even more upset as the conversation progressed. A few minutes later, he returned and handed the phone back to Bruce.
“You’re free to go. I will be watching you two,” Lt. MacDonald told them as he started to pick up Mystique’s knife collection. Lt. MacDonald noticed the dagger pendent on Mystique’s necklace and reached for it. Mystique blocked his hand and moved back, forcing him to step around the desk if he wanted to try again.
“Give me that knife!” Lt. MacDonald demanded.
“No, and if you try to take it again, I will kill you,” Mystique stated in a low voice, which reminded Bruce of the growl of a guard dog. Her voice carried the unmistakable sincerity of someone who’d killed before. One look into Mystique’s eyes and the lieutenant decided the necklace wasn’t worth the trouble. He stepped back and motioned for her to leave.
Mystique picked up her bag and headed out of the classroom with Bruce close on her heels. In the hallway, she turned left and walked toward her next class. Bruce followed her, not sure what he was going to say, but needing to say something. Mystique both intrigued and scared him. He had to apologize for telling on her. Once they’d turned the corner and were no longer in view of any security officers, Mystique stopped and turned around to look at Bruce.
Bruce could tell she wanted an explanation. “I’m sorry. I didn’t have a choice. He was going to keep me from getting into the Naval Academy.”
“I didn’t expect you to keep it a secret. It would have been nice, but you don’t owe me anything. I am not concerned about that. What I would like to know is how your mother convinced him to let us go,” Mystique explained as she started walking again.
“Mom’s a VP at Argotech. It’s a large farming company. They grow food and ship it to planets that can’t grow their own. She has a bunch of lawyers working for her. I was texting her about what was going on and had the mic turned on. When she heard him refuse to allow you a lawyer, she instructed me to give him the phone.”
“Tell her thank you for me,” Mystique requested. She stopped again, this time outside the men’s bathroom.
“You should go clean up before anyone sees you. I’ll talk to you later,” Mystique instructed him then she turned and walked away. Bruce watched her leave, wondering if she was mad at him, before heading into the restroom.
***
Mystique was tired when she got to her first class the next morning. She had been up most of the night. Once she’d cleaned up the mess left by the security officers when they searched her dorm room, she had to figure out where to hide the replacements she was planning to acquire. She’d been annoyed about having to clean up after the officers, until she realized that they’d shown her where they would look for her new knives. She’d decided to only pick up a couple for now and get the rest once security had some time to forget about her.
Thanks to yesterday’s excitement, she’d missed her sociology class and wasn’t sure what the teacher was going to expect her to have ready for today’s class. Fortunately, Professor Yang was very patient, and Mystique didn’t expect him to abuse her too much for her lack of preparedness. To her surprise, she found a warm cup of tea from the café sitting on her desk. A couple of the girls giggled when she picked it up and looked around. It was still warm, but she had no intention of drinking it; there was no telling what someone had put in it.
Before Mystique could set the cup down and take her seat, a short, slightly overweight man in an expensive-looking suit walked in and asked for her. Everyone looked at her except Professor Yang, who asked who the gentleman was and what he wanted from Mystique. The gentleman informed him that he was her lawyer and that he needed to speak with her. Mystique assumed the man’s presence had to do with yesterday, and she collected the few items she’d brought to class. She apologized to Professor Yang as she headed out into the hall.
“I am Mr. Shensi. Mrs. Montagu instructed me to clear up yesterday’s unfortunate events,” he informed Mystique as he stepped into the hall and closed the door to the classroom behind them. He bowed slightly to Mystique as she stood trying to figure out why Bruce’s mom would send her a lawyer.
“I hope you don’t mind, but I’ve taken the liberty of contacting the New Sydney embassy on your behalf. I also needed a copy of the latest diplomatic agreement between the Federation and New Sydney. Is there somewhere more private for us to talk?”
“My dorm room is fairly close,” Mystique suggested. This was quickly getting out of hand. If Shensi asked too many questions at the embassy, they might start looking into her background. She had to figure out how to stop the investigation before they figured out her ID was faked. Once they figured that out Angelica and Daemon’s IDs would get flagged as fakes also.
“That is a little too private; how about the Café Caffeine? It should be quiet enough,” Mr. Shensi suggested.
“Okay. I could use a tea anyway,” Mystique replied deciding to be friendly until she discovered just how much he knew about her.
They walked to the café in silence. Mystique had expected him to ask her a few questions, but, so far as she could tell, he never even looked her way. Mystique spotted an earphone mounted on his left ear and wondered if he was on a call with someone, which was why he wasn’t showing interest in her. He had a round head that seemed a little large for his body, and his black hair was only about a half-inch in length.
As they entered the café, Mystique noticed a pair of men sitting at a table in the center. They had the look of professional fighters: broad shoulders and broken noses. Mystique assumed they were each carrying a pistol or two, but their suits were tailored to help hide any weapons. Mr. Shensi walked past them without sparing even a glance at them, which told Mystique they were with him. She didn’t like the idea that she had been herded here. Mr. Shensi ordered their drinks, while she observed a woman sitting in one of the privacy booths. She was the only other costumer and Mr. Shensi went to sit with her after he finished ordering.
“Mrs. Montagu, may I present Miss Grayson,” Mr. Shensi said, bowing to Mrs. Montagu. Mystique realized immediately what was going on, or at least she thought she understood. Mrs. Montagu was an attractive woman who looked to be in her mid-thirties with short brown hair and piercing blue eyes. Mystique couldn’t tell how tall she was, but thought they were about the same height. She was wearing an expensive-looking powder-blue business suit. She motioned for Mystique to take a seat across from her.
“Nice to meet you, Miss Grayson. I have a few questions for you,” Mrs. Montagu said as Mystique slid into the booth next to Mr. Shensi.
“Why are you interested in my son?”
“He’s the one who’s interested in me. He met me here two days ago, and that was the first I’d ever heard of him.”
“Why would you care if he was being harassed by a bully, if you didn’t know him?” Mrs. Montagu was trying to trip her up.
“After our meeting, Bruce agreed to do some research for me. The information I wanted was on his computer, and I didn’t want to risk losing it.”
“That would be the research he did on your file? You wanted to see if he could penetrate your fake ID?” Mrs. Montagu sat back, impressed with herself for surprising Mystique with how much she knew about her. She had no way of knowing that Mystique wasn’t surprised or impressed, but she was concerned.
“Yes, I know a lot about you, and I want you to stay far away from my son,” she told Mystique with a smile of triumph pulling at the corners of her mouth. Mystique’s mother used to smile that way, which was bad for Mrs. Montagu.
“You are one arrogant, stupid bitch. You set all this up just to tell me to stay away from your son?” Mystique told her as she started to slide out of the booth. She’d been worried Bruce’s mother was going to kill her, or turn her over to the authorities.
“How dare you. You little tramp. Nobody talks to me like that,” Mrs. Montagu yelled. The bodyguards stood up in unison, anticipating action. The girl at the counter decided it was a good time to get something from the back room, and scurried away.
“Lady” was as much as Mystique was able to say before Mrs. Montagu reached out to slap her. Mystique grabbed her by the wrist, stopping the blow before it landed. Mystique was seeing too much of her mother in Mrs. Montagu, and it was causing her to react more violently than she’d intended to. Mystique knew that hurting Mrs. Montagu would cause even more problems, but she couldn’t help herself. She squeezed and pulled, causing Mrs. Montagu to shriek in pain as she was yanked forward into Mystique’s other hand. Mystique realized what she was doing barely in time to shift her hand, causing the heel of her right hand to hit Mrs. Montagu in the forehead instead of the nose.
The sound of the impact was loud enough to stun everyone in the café except Mystique; they all thought Mrs. Montagu was killed by the blow. Mystique had heard the sound of the bodyguards’ pistols being drawn and jumped to the side. The guards had hesitated because Mystique was so close to their boss, but after she moved away they had no reservations. Both men fired and both men missed; they had not expected Mystique to move so fast. Mystique grabbed the dagger pendent from her neck, squeezing the small glass vial and breaking it. Faust had given her the necklace and pendent a few years back in case she needed protection from one of her mother’s clients. Mystique threw the tiny dagger at the nearest guard as she leapt over the counter. The dagger sunk up to the hilt in the man’s neck. The vial had contained a very powerful paralytic poison, which quickly spread through the guard’s body and caused him to collapse.
The second guard continued to fire into the counter, pinning Mystique while he moved to check his companion. A quick hand pressed to the man’s neck told the guard that he was still alive. So the guard refocused on Mystique. He fired off the last few rounds in his pistol to mask the sound of him drawing his second pistol. Once the first pistol was empty, he ejected the clip, expecting Mystique to hear it and attack.
Mystique, for all her superior speed and agility, lacked experience, which caused her to fall for the guard’s simple trick. She popped up as soon as she heard the clip being ejected from the pistol with a coffee mug in each hand that she was expecting to throw at the guard. The guard let her get all the way up before he double tapped, sending two rounds into Mystique’s chest. Mystique had spotted the guard and realized her mistake at the same moment he fired. She started to turn and dodge, but she was too late—both bullets slammed into her chest, knocking her backward onto the counter behind her.
The guard knew to treat even a badly injured opponent as a threat, so he carefully started moving toward Mystique. Mystique had slid off the counter and was lying on the floor when the guard reached her. He cautiously rolled her onto her back and checked her pulse. To his amazement, she was still alive; her pulse was weak and her breathing shallow. He could hear the sirens and knew the police would be arriving soon, so he went back to check on Mrs. Montagu.
Mr. Shensi was helping Mrs. Montagu to stand when the guard arrived. “Is she dead?” Mr. Shensi asked, looking past the guard at the counter.
“No, but I doubt she’ll make it to the hospital alive,” the guard told him as he took Mrs. Montagu from Mr. Shensi. He picked her up and carried her to the front door. Mr. Shensi pulled it open, allowing the guard to step through. An Agrotech limousine was waiting out front, the driver standing beside the passenger door. The guard carefully climbed in, setting Mrs. Montagu down on the seat as Mr. Shensi climbed in after him.
The driver was barely able to get them away from the scene before the police started to arrive. They passed a few cruisers on their way to the café, but none of the officers paid any attention to the limousine. The group went straight to the Agrotech office building, as the medical facilities there were better equipped than the city hospital and Mrs. Montagu would receive the best care. She was conscious, but the pounding headache caused by the blow was keeping her from thinking straight, so she kept her eyes closed and allowed the others to take care of her.
***
Bruce was the last student to exit the computer lab. He always lost track of time during that class and was surprised when the bell rang. Sam was waiting for him in the hall. The concern on Sam’s face told Bruce something was wrong.
“What’s up? Where’s Alan?” Bruce asked.
“Some guy tried to rob the café. Rumor has it Mystique tried to stop him and got shot. Alan is trying to find out more. An ambulance took her to Sinclair General Hospital. I think she’s still alive,” Sam explained. Bruce stood staring at his friend in shock. Sam stopped talking when he realized Bruce had stopped listening.
Bruce snapped out of his stupor and took off running, leaving Sam standing alone and confused. Sam didn’t hesitate for long before he was running after his friend. Bruce wasn’t much of an athlete, but when he needed to he could move. At five-seven and weighing over two-hundred-and thirty-pounds, Sam was not a skilled runner, but it wasn’t hard for him to figure out where Bruce was going. He was heading toward the dorms, which meant he was going to his room.
Bruce was already in the hospital computer system when Sam reached his room. Bruce barely looked up when Sam came in and Sam didn’t say anything, just collapsed on Bruce’s bed to catch his breath. Bruce was focused on finding the admission reports. A few minutes later, he slammed his fists down on the desk, causing Sam to look up.
“What did you find out?” Sam asked as he climbed off the bed and walked over to Bruce.
“It was Mystique. She was sent for emergency surgery. The guy who shot her was one of my mother’s bodyguards. He was admitted with a stab wound to his neck, and is suffering from some unidentified paralytic poison.”
“Your mom’s bodyguard? Was your mom there?” Sam asked, confused as to why Bruce’s mother would be meeting Mystique.
“Either she was there, or she sent Alfred to meet Mystique, which means she’s responsible for Mystique getting shot.”
“Call her and find out what happened,” Sam suggested, knowing if he gave Bruce time to think, he would just get angrier at his mother.
“What do you want me to ask her? ‘Hey, Mom, were you there when your bodyguard shot my girlfriend?’ Or how about, ‘Mom, did you send one of your bodyguards to shoot my girlfriend?’” Bruce yelled venting some of the anger he felt towards his mother at his friend.
“Hey, for all we know, Mystique might be the one who started it. You saw what she did to Mark. She might have attacked your mom, and the bodyguard was only doing his job,” Sam argued, causing Bruce to recall how Mystique had threatened to kill him for simply mentioning her siblings.
“Bleen, her brother and sister; I forgot all about them,” Bruce realized as he spun around and started back to working on his computer.

Chapter 2
A New Friend
The restaurant owner cringed when he saw Daemon and Angelica walk in. He had never seen the couple before and, by the size of them, he hoped they wouldn’t become regular patrons. Daemon was a young man in his late teens to early twenties, the owner guessed with a groan. Men, his age always ate a lot and he stood over six and a half feet tall and must have weighed at least three-hundred pounds of muscle. Angelica looked short standing next to her brother, but that was just an illusion that masked her own height of easily six feet. She had the pleasant curves of an athlete with long black hair framing her high cheekbones and sparkling black eyes. Angelica had an air of friendliness that made her approachable.
The waitress covering the door led the pair to a booth, but after realizing that Daemon wasn’t going to fit, she instead seated them at one of the tables. Angelica started her meal with a salad, while Daemon went straight for the fried fish. He was still not used to the idea of going back multiple times, so he piled as much food on his plate as he could. When Daemon finally returned to the table, he was using his hands to cup the sides of his plate to keep the food from spilling over. Angelica had almost finished her salad by the time Daemon sat down.
“You don’t have to put it all on one plate. You know you can go back as many times as you want,” Angelica teased. She was happy that Daemon was enjoying himself. The first time they’d gone out, he could barely eat because of all the aggression he felt coming from the other patrons. He was quickly gaining control over his ability, and he no longer felt constantly threatened.
“I know, but why waste time going back and forth? Plus, the plates are tiny, if you haven’t noticed,” Daemon replied around a mouth filled with food.
“You keep eating like that and you’re going to get fat,” Angelica told him as she got up to get another plate of food.
The fish smelled good, so Angelica decided to get a few pieces. A few people were waiting in line ahead of her, so she took the time to look at the rest of the selection. The fried chicken didn’t interest her, but the ham steaks looked good. She was a little startled when her phone started to vibrate in her pants pocket. Only two people knew her phone number, and one of them was having dinner with her. She looked over to make sure Daemon wasn’t calling to ask her to bring him something. He was focused on finishing off his plate and, by the looks of it, he would be up to get more food before she made it back to the table.
Angelica smiled as she realized it had to be Mystique calling. She set her plate down and dug her phone out of her pocket. Bruce Montagu’s name was listed under the phone symbol, however, which caused Angelica to hesitate before answering. “Hello, who is this?”
“This is Bruce Montagu; is this Angelica Grayson?” asked the young man on the other end. Angelica became a little worried and confused. How had he gotten her number and how did he know her name, Angela wondered. Through the empathic link they shared, Daemon felt the change in Angelica’s mood, and stopped eating.
“Yes,” Angelica answered cautiously.
“Mystique’s in the hospital. I got your name and number from her school files.”
“What happened? Why’s she in the hospital?” Angelica demanded. Daemon was up and heading for Angelica. He didn’t know why, but Angelica was near panic and he was determined to help her. The atmosphere in the restaurant changed in an instant as people felt the presence of a primal predator wash over the room. Daemon said nothing as he moved toward Angelica. People felt his presence and scurried out of his path.
“She was in a fight and got shot. Can you get to the airport, or do you want me to have a car pick you up?” Bruce asked, trying to avoid talking about what’d happened. He couldn’t help but feel guilty.
“Airport? What airport? How bad was she hurt?” Angelica was starting to get angry that the man wasn’t making sense. Daemon arrived beside her and wanted to know what was going on. Angelica motioned for him to wait as she tried to make sense of what the man was saying.
“I’ll have a jet waiting at the airport to fly you here, so you can be with Mystique. Do you want me to send a car to pick you up, or can you make it to the airport?” Bruce asked, becoming exasperated at Angelica’s lack of understanding and not thinking about the shock she was going through.
“You know what, I’ll just send a car to pick you up. Where are you?”
“We’re at Big Al’s Kitchen. What about Mystique? How bad is she hurt?”
“The hospital won’t tell me anything. Please wait there; I’ll have a car sent over immediately,” Bruce said before hanging up the phone. He needed to contact a car service, but in his haste, he failed to consider the impact of his information on Daemon and Angelica.
***
The sleek black stretch limousine pulled up to Al’s and the driver got out looking for the couple he was supposed to pick up. He had no description other than his fare was a man and a woman in their early twenties. Daemon opened the door to the restaurant and stepped outside when he saw that the man was looking for someone. Angelica followed him out and headed straight for the rear door of the limousine.
“Mister and Miss Grayson?” the driver asked as he quickly moved to open the passenger door for Angelica.
“Yes. You’re here to take us to the airport?” Daemon replied as he tried to open the front passenger door. Daemon barely resisted smashing the window and pulling the door off when it refused to open.
“Sir, please, have a seat back here,” the driver requested as he held the rear door open. Daemon knew better than to answer, his anger was so close to the surface. He needed to remain in control, so he silently climbed in beside Angelica.
The ride to the airport was quiet, as neither Angelica nor Daemon wanted to talk about what might have happened or how hurt Mystique might be. They both wanted answers, and they were both determined to get them. Daemon wanted to kill whoever had shot Mystique, while Angelica was more concerned about the injuries she had sustained.
When the limousine finally came to a stop, Daemon didn’t wait for the driver to open his door. He was out and helping Angelica out before the driver had his own door open. The pair wasted no time talking to the driver; they simply ran up the stairs to the plane. A stewardess met them at the entrance and asked them to please have a seat. Daemon was surprised to find that he could stand up straight and not hit his head on the ceiling. Angelica and Daemon took seats close to the door as the stewardess closed and secured it. The plane started to taxi onto the runway as soon as the light above the door changed to green, indicating it was properly sealed.
The two-hour flight felt like it took two days. The stewardess brought them a meal, but neither felt much like eating. Other than that, the stewardess left them alone for most of the flight, only speaking with them when she felt it was necessary. Daemon could sense the woman’s fear, and if he hadn’t been so upset about Mystique, he would have been ashamed. He normally didn’t like scaring people, but the mood he was in made it hard for him to care.
They talked a little about what they needed to do when they arrived. Daemon’s first priority was to get Angelica to Mystique and make sure they were safe. Mystique was hurt and needed Angelica’s healing; once that was taken care of, they could find out from Mystique what had happened. Angelica expected Bruce to meet them at some point and had told Daemon to let her handle him. Daemon had agreed, but not before making it clear that he really wanted to hurt someone. Angelica prayed nobody got in his way. She would do what she could to stop him, but she worried some poor security guard was going to suffer Daemon’s wrath.
When they were finally allowed to disembark the plane, an air car was waiting to take them to the hospital. It was a large luxury model with the name Agrotech stenciled on the sides. Angelica wondered again who Bruce Montagu was and what his connection to Mystique could possibly be. He had sounded young on the phone, but to organize the limousine then the plane and now an air car, he had to be someone with a lot of influence.
The car landed near the main entrance of Sinclair General Hospital. Daemon was out of the vehicle before it had fully settled to the ground. Angelica was right behind him this time, and the two were headed to the hospital entrance. The driver of the limousine slowly got out to inspect the damage to the car door. He wasn’t in any hurry to confront the guy who had snapped the door’s safety lock. The limousine doors were armored and designed to withstand almost all forms of small-arms fire. The driver couldn’t imagine how anyone could just push it open before the lock was disengaged.
“Hi, my name is Bruce Montagu. We spoke on the phone,” Bruce said as Angelica entered the hospital. Daemon had fallen back to allow Angelica to lead the way and talk to anyone they needed to. He had a tight grip on the beast, but it was too close to the surface for others not to feel its presence.
“I’m Angelica and this is Daemon. I would like to speak with you after I check on Mystique,” Angelica told him in a calming voice.
“Mystique is in the IC unit on the fourth floor. She got out of surgery a few hours ago. The doctors won’t tell me much, since I’m not a relative,” Bruce explained as he led them to the elevator.
“IC unit?” Angelica asked.
Bruce realized Angelica and Daemon were probably as uneducated as Mystique. “Intensive-care unit; it’s where they keep all the patients who are in critical condition,” Bruce explained.
“They didn’t put her in a regeneration unit? The ship we were on had one—doesn’t the hospital?” Angelica asked, a little annoyed Mystique wasn’t getting the best care.
“I think they have a few, but they’re only used in special cases,” Bruce admitted a little sheepishly. He didn’t want to tell them Mystique couldn’t afford that level of care, and he hadn’t been able to contact his mother for authorization to have her pay for it.
“Mr. Montagu, I appreciate what you’ve done to help, but I am in no mood to play word games or listen to lies,” Angelica responded in an unnaturally calm voice that caused a chill to run down Bruce’s spine.
The ding of an elevator arriving to take them to the fourth floor cut off Bruce’s reply. Angelica was first to step into the elevator, followed by Bruce with a little help from Daemon. Bruce was starting to get the feeling he might be in trouble, and had hesitated, so Daemon gave him a little push to get him moving. Bruce stumbled into the elevator, unable to find his balance before colliding with the back wall. Daemon stepped in and Angelica pushed the 4 button.
Bruce took his first good look at Daemon and realized the danger of his situation. Daemon was the biggest man Bruce had ever seen. He had muscles on top of muscles, and all of them seemed to be straining against some unseen force. Where Angelica had a look of concern, Daemon looked ready for a fight. Bruce remembered how fast and strong Mystique was in a fight, and started to imagine what Daemon was capable of. Bruce’s train of thought was interrupted by Angelica.
“Mr. Montagu, I can’t force you to tell me the truth, but I can tell when you are lying or not telling the entire truth, so please don’t do it again. It will only make matters worse,” Angelica instructed.
“Forcing you is my job,” Daemon stated simply, causing Bruce’s imagination to run wild with thoughts of how Daemon would make him.
“Daemon.”
“I’m in control. Don’t worry; I won’t hurt anybody,” Daemon reassured her, but Angelica could tell how upset he was and how easy it would be for him to lose control.
The elevator dinged their arrival on the fourth floor and the doors slid open. Daemon stepped out into the hall and surveyed the area as Angelica and Bruce followed him. Bruce had decided the safest thing for him to do was to try and keep on Angelica’s good side. The nurses’ station was directly across from them and the waiting area was to their right. Alan and Sam were standing in the waiting area looking at Daemon, their mouths hanging open in awe. Detective Montgomery of the Nebular Police Force was talking to Mr. Shensi and Mr. Jones, none of them noticing the boys’ reaction.
Bruce stepped up to the counter at the nurses’ station and introduced Angelica and Daemon to the nurse sitting there. The nurse asked them to have a seat while she called the doctor. Detective Montgomery finally realized that they’d arrived and started making his way over to talk to them. Mr. Shensi and Mr. Jones quickly gathered their belongings and moved to catch up with the detective. Alan and Sam had locked gazes with Daemon as he scanned the area and wanted very much to leave, but loyalty to their friend caused them to simply sit back down in the waiting area.
“Nurse, I don’t want to wait for the doctor. I want to see Mystique now,” Angelica told her.
“I’m sorry, but you have to wait for Doctor Fitzroy. He’ll be here shortly,” the nurse said.
Angelica realized they were not going to be shown to Mystique any time soon. Bruce had intercepted the three men in suits who were coming over to talk to them, and was introducing them. Daemon stepped between her and the men. One was a police detective, another was from the New Sydney embassy, and she didn’t catch the identity of the last one.
Angelica shifted her focus to her empathic ability. She could sense the emotional state of everyone on the floor. She reached out with her mind checking and ignoring those close to her. A few seconds later, she’d scanned the whole floor and hadn’t felt Mystique’s presence anywhere. Angelica started to get upset, until she remembered how difficult it was for her to read Mystique even when she was close. She wasn’t going to be able to find Mystique with her senses. They were going to have to get someone to show them where she was.
“Daemon, I can’t sense Mystique. You need to get someone to show us where she is,” Angelica informed Daemon, knowing she was unleashing a killer and praying he didn’t hurt anyone too badly.
Daemon understood Angelica’s fear. She expected him to start hurting people until he got the information. Daemon wanted to do just that, but he knew it would only cause more problems. Daemon’s father had been afraid that Daemon’s temper would get him in trouble with the law, so Daemon had started studying the law as soon as he was able. “Wait here. I’ll go find her,” he told Angelica as he walked away.
The nurse behind the counter yelled that he wasn’t allowed to wander around and to please wait in the waiting area. Daemon ignored her and kept walking. The three men looked at one another before the detective trotted off after Daemon. The other two tried to get Angelica’s attention, but she was lost in her empathic sense and trying to find any clue as to where Mystique might be. It also allowed her to keep track of Daemon as he searched.
Mr. Jones wanted answers and he wasn’t used to being ignored. He finally lost his patience and grabbed Angelica by the arm, intent on getting her attention. Angelica had felt the anger in Mr. Jones building but had ignored it; now that he’d actually grabbed her, she reacted without thinking. Angelica drained some of the man’s energy and heightened his fatigue, causing him to collapse. Mr. Jones fell unconscious to the floor, releasing Angelica’s arm as he did so.
Bruce and Mr. Shensi both reflexively jumped back, staring at Angelica. To them, Angelica had simply looked at Mr. Jones. Alan and Sam gasped and used a few colorful words to describe their amazement. The nurse behind the counter jumped to her feet at the familiar sound of someone hitting the floor. She had not seen what had transpired. She’d been too focused on her paperwork. She scrambled around the counter to check on Mr. Jones.
“Nobody touches me without my permission,” Angelica stated to no one in particular. “He is just unconscious; he’ll wake up fine in a little while.”
“How did you do that?” Bruce asked in amazement as he moved closer to get a better look at Mr. Jones. The nurse had finished checking the man’s pulse and now looked up at Angelica.
“Are you a psionic, like in the vids?” Bruce asked. Mr. Shensi inched forward enough to take Bruce’s arm and try to pull him back and away from Angelica. Alan and Sam had overcome their initial fear when they too realized that Angelica had to be a psionic, and a powerful one at that.
Angelica was about to explain when she felt Daemon’s emotional spike. She didn’t have time for explanation. She turned and ran down the hall, hoping she would get to Daemon before something bad happened.
Daemon found what he was looking for in a police officer standing guard outside one of the rooms. The detective was still following him and telling him to go back to the waiting area, and Daemon was still ignoring him. The detective had said that Mystique was under arrest for assault, so Daemon expected her room to be guarded. As he approached, the guard stepped in front of the door to block him.
Daemon instinctively wanted to grab and throw the man out of his way, but he didn’t; instead, he stopped about three feet away. “Please move out of the way. I’m going in to see Mystique,” Daemon said, barely louder than a whisper as he fought to keep control of the beast. Something in his voice or his aura warned the officer that it would be dangerous to refuse. The officer looked at the detective as he stepped aside; seemingly trying to gauge how much trouble he was in. Detective Montgomery was relieved to see the officer step aside. He had no desire to kill Daemon, and the way he saw it that was going to be the only way to stop him.
Daemon stepped into Mystique’s room and froze. The sight of her with wires and tubes attached all over her body was almost too much for him. She looked so pale and fragile that his heart sank with grief and shame. It was his fault—he was supposed to keep her safe. It didn’t matter that she was living hundreds of miles away; the rational part of his brain wasn’t working. He blamed himself.
Angelica felt Daemon’s grief and shame and sprinted faster. She had to get to her brother. Angelica could feel the presence of the beast. It had full control of Daemon now that he was distracted by his grief. The beast was a killer and there were only two people on the planet who were safe from its bloodlust. She had to get to Daemon and help him regain control before it started killing.
The battle-axe tattoo on Daemon’s inner forearm faded as the beast summoned forth its weapon of choice. Detective Montgomery stared in awe as a four-foot long double-bladed jeweled battle-axe appeared in Daemon’s hands. The expression on Daemon’s face had changed and now anger and rage twisted it into something barely human. Detective Montgomery had seen the expression on other men and knew Daemon wouldn’t hesitate before killing him. He remained still and waited.
Angelica came around the corner and saw the guard standing at the door to Mystique’s room. He had no idea what was in the room behind him and stepped in front of the door and braced himself, preparing to stop Angelica from entering the room. Angelica felt the beast’s attention shift from the detective to the officer. She had to do something fast, so she reached out with her mind and drained the officer of enough energy to drop him unconscious. The officer collapsed to the floor just as the tip of Daemon’s axe drove through the door.
Two shots rang out as the tip of the axe was pulled back out of the door. Detective Montgomery had seized his chance while Daemon was distracted to pull his pistol. He fired into Daemon’s side, a quick double tap of the trigger. He wasn’t surprised when Daemon spun around to face him; in fact, it is exactly what he’d expected Daemon to do. He fired again but this time Daemon was ready, and to the detective’s horror Daemon deflected the next pair of bullets with the flat of his axe. Fear didn’t stop detective Montgomery; instead it caused him to empty his clip, firing all twelve remaining rounds at Daemon. The detective changed targets, shooting first for Daemon’s head, then his chest and abdomen.
The beast that was controlling Daemon had fought thousands of battles with armed opponents. It knew what parts of Daemon’s anatomy it needed to guard. It also knew that sooner or later, his opponent would run out of ammunition and he would kill him. The slide on Detective Montgomery’s pistol locked in the open position, marking that the last round had been fired. He had hit Daemon three times in the stomach and once more in the chest. Blood leaked from each of the six wounds, soaking Daemon’s shirt and pants.
Daemon moved the head of his axe away, giving him a clear view of the detective. Detective Montgomery knew what was coming next and resigned himself to his fate. He could try and dodge or fight but that would only delay the inevitable. Daemon pulled back, preparing to drive the spiked tip of the axe through Detective Montgomery. The beast appreciated that the man was going to die with dignity.
“Stop! Daemon, don’t hurt him,” Angelica commanded from the doorway. Daemon slowly turned to look at his sister. The beast wanted to kill, but even it wouldn’t disobey Angelica unless it had to.
“Daemon, put the axe away. It’s okay now. We’re safe and I am going to fix Mystique. The officer was just doing what he thought he had to. He won’t hurt us, so you don’t have to hurt him,” Angelica explained trying to calm Daemon and help him to regain full control. She could still feel the presence of the beast, but it was fading. Daemon used the word Shektee had taught him and the battle-axe vanished. The tattoo on his forearm became bright and new again.
Detective Montgomery had been involved with a lot of situations similar to this one, normally as the person talking the aggressor down. He stayed very still, not moving or drawing any attention to himself. Daemon would pass out from blood loss soon and then the danger would be over, or so he thought.
“Officer, could you please put your pistol away and step outside?” Angelica asked in a calm voice. Detective Montgomery slowly holstered his pistol and sidestepped toward the door. He noticed Daemon tense slightly as he slid past Angelica and into the hallway. Once in the hall, he stepped out of view of Daemon and quietly drew his pistol to change clips. He would feel better once he had another full clip ready.
Detective Montgomery slowly peeked around the doorframe and was awestruck by what he saw back in the room. Angelica was standing by Mystique’s bed with her back to him, encased in a golden glow. Daemon was still standing in the middle of the room. Blood covered most of his body from the chest down. The detective was amazed he was still standing.
Daemon turned and looked over at the detective. “If I see that pistol, I will kill you before you can pull the trigger,” he said in a calm, sure voice that left no doubt in Detective Montgomery’s mind that Daemon would do exactly what he said.
After a few minutes, Daemon relaxed a bit. “I am sorry for scaring you, but you did shoot me.”
“Why aren’t you dead?” was all Detective Montgomery could think to say as he carefully holstered his pistol.
“I’m hard to kill. The officer there is going to need to eat when he wakes up; other than that, he’ll be fine,” Daemon said as he pointed at the officer lying on the floor. Detective Montgomery had assumed Daemon’s axe strike at the door had killed the officer, so he’d avoided looking at the poor man. He knelt down and rolled the officer on his side and checked him for wounds.
“A group of men are coming. I think it would be best for you to meet them and explain why you shot an unarmed man,” Daemon told Detective Montgomery as he pointed down the hall toward the nurses’ station. Montgomery started to protest about Daemon being unarmed, but then he realized that without the axe as evidence it was exactly what it looked like. Daemon watched the expression on Montgomery’s face change as he realized how much trouble he could be in, especially with the Graysons’ lawyer and the aide to their ambassador not more than a hundred feet away.
Daemon gave the man a wink before saying, “We don’t want any trouble. Just let me know what happened here so I can swear to it.”
Detective Montgomery had thought he had seen it all until just a few minutes ago. He slowly walked down the hall toward the group of men Daemon claimed were coming. He couldn’t decide which was scarier: the axe-wielding lunatic, the cold-blooded killer, or the happy-go-lucky teenager covered in his own blood. He’d shot the kid six times at point-blank range and the kid was talking to him like they were friends. He had no idea what the sister was up to glowing like that.
Detective Montgomery was so lost in trying to make sense out of what was going on that he forgot all about the men he was going to meet. He turned the corner and two security guards jumped him, tackling him to the floor. Montgomery struggled to get free while the guards fought to pin him. One of the guards felt his gun and started yelling a warning to the others. The three guards who were standing back pulled their stun batons and started inching forward. Montgomery couldn’t believe this was happening.
Everyone on the fourth floor was stunned by a very loud bang or explosion. Detective Montgomery was the first to recover, freeing his right arm he pulled his badge and started waving it at the guards and yelling for them to let him go. The noise had come from the direction of Mystique’s room, or at least he thought it did.
The guards realized their mistake and quickly helped Montgomery to his feet. They all looked nervous and a few were visibly scared, but they didn’t run; instead, they waited for him to tell them what to do.
“You two, go get Doctor Fitzroy and bring him here. The rest of you, clear as many people from this floor as possible,” Detective Montgomery ordered. All of them were glad to be assigned tasks that would get them away from whatever violence was happening. Montgomery inched up to the corner and peeked around. The door to Mystique’s room was lying bent and broken where something had hit it very hard. He didn’t see any sign of the officer who had been guarding her door. He guessed at what had happened and this gave him an idea of how to explain the mess he was in.
***
Bruce had resisted Mr. Shensi’s demands that they leave or at least move to the safety of the street. The sound of gunshots had startled everyone in the little group. Mr. Jones had regained consciousness and was sipping on a coffee, while Alan and Sam theorized about what abilities Angelica might have. They were convinced she was a powerful psionic and that Mystique was too. Everyone dove for cover when they heard the shots. The first few seemed controlled compared to the last that sounded more frantic.
Mr. Shensi grabbed Bruce by the arm and started dragging him to the elevator while Mr. Jones spilled his coffee diving for cover. Alan and Sam froze, unsure what to do. Bruce struggled to break Mr. Shensi’s grip while Mr. Jones scrambled for the elevator, repeatedly hammering the call button with his thumb. Alan and Sam decided it was getting a bit too dangerous for their liking and they joined Mr. Jones at the elevator.
When the elevator finally arrived, a pair of security guards came rushing out. They told everyone to clear the floor before running off. Mr. Jones, Alan, and Sam all entered the elevator, yelling for Bruce to stop being stupid and get on. The arrival of the guards had been enough to get Bruce to stop struggling so Mr. Shensi could drag him into the elevator. During the ride, Alan and Sam told Bruce they’d forgotten to study and needed to leave. Bruce understood and didn’t blame his friends for leaving. Ever since he’d met Mystique, the violence level in his life had been rising. Bruce was having second thoughts about staying, but he kept coming back to the same argument. If he was afraid of getting involved in a violent situation, he had no right joining the Federation Navy.
In the lobby of the hospital, Mr. Jones moved away from them to make a few private phone calls. Mr. Shensi pleaded with Bruce to join his friends and leave the hospital. He had to stay to monitor the legal situation and he promised to call Bruce if anything happened. Bruce didn’t believe him: first, he was a lawyer; and second, he was the one who’d pulled Mystique out of class and brought her to the café. Bruce was sure his mother had been there, but Mr. Shensi refused to admit it.
The three waited and watched as more security guards arrived. Bruce was able to overhear one of the nurses say that the third, fourth, and fifth floors were being evacuated. He joined in the conversation and determined that there had been a kidnapping attempt on a visitor to one of the patients in ICU. After about fifteen minutes of waiting, a police armored-personnel carrier landed in front of the building and two six-man squads jumped out and came running into the hospital. At almost the same time, at least a dozen patrol cars surrounded the building.
The police started evacuating the lobby and the rest of the hospital. They searched everyone as they were escorted away from the building. They did a full biometric workup to include fingerprints, retinal scans, and DNA samples. Bruce, Mr. Shensi, and Mr. Jones were separated and questioned over what they knew about Angelica Grayson. Mr. Jones had stated that she was an important citizen of New Sydney and had demanded to know what was going on. Mr. Jones wasn’t sure what Angelica had done to him, but he was confident she was a psionic, which made her an important person.
***
The two guards had brought Doctor Fitzroy to Detective Montgomery as ordered and then left to help in the evacuation. Detective Montgomery had fleshed out his idea and now thought he might be able to make himself look like a hero. He just needed a little luck.
Montgomery led Doctor Fitzroy to Mystique’s room, hesitating at the door for only a moment to announce that they were coming in. Daemon was sitting on the floor with his back to the wall next to the door, while Angelica sat in a chair near the bed. She looked a little tired. Mystique was sitting up, the IVs all removed but the leads to the monitors still attached so no alarms would sound. She looked like she’d been talking to Angelica. The missing officer was slumped in a chair, still unconscious.
“So, what’s the plan?” Daemon asked with a smile.
Doctor Fitzroy stared in amazement at Mystique for a few seconds before finally asking, “How?”
“Angie has the healing touch,” Daemon replied.
Doctor Fitzroy looked down at Daemon for the first time and saw the blood coating his shirt and pants. He immediately went into emergency-room doctor mode, dropping to his knees and grabbing at Daemon’s shirt. Daemon reflexively grabbed his hands to restrain the doctor, who tried to pull free but couldn’t.
“Daemon, let him go and get off the floor,” Angelica instructed.
“Sorry, doc,” Daemon stated as he stood up, pulling Doctor Fitzroy to his feet as he did. “I’m okay. I’ll clean up the mess if you tell me where to find a mop and stuff.”
“Where are my clothes?” Mystique asked as she pulled the monitoring leads off and started to climb out of bed. Angelica reached up to give her a hand.
“Your clothes were collected as evidence in your shooting,” Detective Montgomery informed her. “You are actually under arrest for assault.”
Daemon was in the middle of pulling off his shirt when he stopped, focusing instead on Detective Montgomery. Montgomery felt the change in Daemon’s demeanor more than saw it. Doctor Fitzroy was too concerned with Daemon’s wounds to pay any attention. He reached out and helped Daemon finish removing his shirt. Doctor Fitzroy stared in amazement as the last signs that Daemon had been shot disappeared before his eyes.
“Officer, is there anything you can do to make the arrest go away?” Angelica asked.
“It’s detective, and that depends on what level of psionic you are. If you’re a level five or higher, I can make this all look like a plot to kidnap you.” Montgomery paused to look at Doctor Fitzroy before continuing, “Doctor, do you know anything about psionics?”
“Not much, but I believe she would qualify as at least a level five, judging by the way she healed Mystique. A true specialist would have to test her to be sure, but I think she is strong enough. What’s going on?”
“A little misunderstanding, and we’re going to need your help clearing it up,” Detective Montgomery told him.
“What do I have to do, and what do I get out of it?” Doctor Fitzroy asked, looking at all of them and spotting the officer slumped over in the chair.
“I’ll owe you a big favor, and having a friend on the force is always handy,” Montgomery offered. He hoped the doctor would be reasonable.
“I have a patient who is dying and I can’t save him. He has a degenerative bone disease and is allergic to the medicines we would normally use to treat him. If you can help him, I’ll do and say whatever you need,” Doctor Fitzroy countered, looking at Angelica.
“Of course. I’ll do what I can,” Angelica replied.
“Detective, what do you need us to do?” Angelica asked, turning to him.
“Nothing yet. I am going to make it look like a group of kidnappers knocked out Officer Davidson and were waiting to ambush you. Daemon and I arrived first and surprised them. After a quick fight, in which Daemon was shot, the assailants fled.”
“What about me?” Mystique asked, reminding Montgomery of her involvement.
“The assailants doctored the recording to make it look like you attacked Mrs. Montagu’s bodyguard when it was actually them. I got the impression from her lawyer that he wanted the whole matter to go away quietly. Wait here while I go report what’s happened,” Montgomery finished as he walked down the hall to the nurses’ station.
“Doc, if you have a minute, would you mind digging out the slugs?” Daemon asked in good humor as he pointed out the bumps where the bullets rose under his skin.
“I’ll do it. Where’s my nail file?” Mystique offered causing Daemon and Angelica to burst out laughing. Doctor Fitzroy couldn’t tell if she was joking or not, though he hoped she was.
***
Bruce was the first to notice Detective Montgomery heading toward them from the hospital. He tapped Mr. Shensi on the arm to get his attention and pointed out the detective. Detective Montgomery stopped for a minute at the command trailer parked out front, then walked over to meet them. The three had been held by the police for the past twenty minutes. After the initial questioning, they were told to wait and officers were posted to make sure they didn’t leave.
“How is Mystique?” Bruce blurted out before Montgomery had a chance to speak.
“She’s fine. They are all safe now. Mr. Jones, when was the New Sydney embassy going to inform the local government that a level-six psionic and two enhanced individuals were on the planet?” Detective Montgomery asked. The flash of confusion that crossed Mr. Jones’s face was barely noticeable, but Detective Montgomery had a lot of practice watching for these slight changes. He realized that Mr. Jones hadn’t known anything about Angelica’s psionic abilities.
“The Graysons’ abilities are classified. I am sorry, but I cannot discuss them with you without authorization from the ambassador himself,” Mr. Jones stated with as much authority as he could muster. He had to get control of this situation fast. He didn’t have time to figure out how a simple favor for a friend was turning into such an important matter. If Angelica was that powerful of a psionic, he had to get them to the embassy as soon as possible.
“Mr. Shensi, it seems that Mr. Noland was framed for shooting Miss Grayson as part of a plan to lure Angelica Grayson here so they could kidnap her. Mr. Noland is free to go once the doctors have finished treating him,” Montgomery explained, relieving Mr. Shensi of any need to be further involved.
“Thank you, detective. I will be sure to tell Mrs. Montagu how helpful you’ve been,” Mr. Shensi replied with a smile, not understanding anything that was going on and very happy he wouldn’t have to try to figure it out.
“Mr. Montagu, we should be leaving if the detective has no further need of us,” Mr. Shensi told Bruce as he started trying to guide Bruce away. The problem was Bruce didn’t want to leave, at least not until he saw that Mystique was safe. Bruce spun around and out of Mr. Shensi’s guiding hand to face Detective Montgomery.
“I’d like to see Mystique.”
“I’m sorry, but we can’t allow that. You will have to wait and contact her later,” Detective Montgomery replied.
“Detective, I must insist on seeing the Graysons,” Mr. Jones demanded, pulling Detective Montgomery’s focus away from Bruce.
“Right this way. Go home. Mr. Montagu, I will inform Miss Grayson of your desire to speak with her,” Detective Montgomery said as he started leading Mr. Jones back to the hospital. Bruce stood and watched as they went to the main entrance and disappeared. Mr. Shensi waited patiently for Bruce to give up. What Mr. Shensi didn’t realize was that Bruce was even more stubborn than his mother, and he was going to stand there all night if he had to.
***
Detective Montgomery was happy to see Officer Davidson back at his post outside Mystique’s room. A tactical team was guarding the elevators and stairwells and wasn’t allowing anyone access to the floor except a small team of a doctor and two nurses to care for the other patients. Doctor Fitzroy was still in the room with the Graysons.
Detective Montgomery introduced Mr. Jones to Mystique, assuming that Daemon and Angelica hadn’t been paying attention when he’d introduced himself earlier. Mystique was sitting on her bed. Someone had found her a set of scrubs to wear instead of the smock. Angelica sat in the chair. Daemon was sitting on the floor next to Angelica. He had removed the tattered remains of his shirt, leaving him naked from the waist up. Someone had wiped up most of the blood with the sheets from the bed. Montgomery assumed it was Daemon, since he was the only one covered in blood. Mr. Jones was a little taken aback by the sight and smell, but tried to remain professional.
“I would like to move all of you to the embassy as soon as possible,” Mr. Jones informed Angelica and Daemon.
“Detective, could we speak to Mr. Jones in private for a few moments?” Angelica asked, adding a little extra push to make Montgomery feel cooperative.
“Sure. Doctor?” Montgomery said as he motioned Doctor Fitzroy to leave ahead of him.
They all waited for Montgomery to lead Doctor Fitzroy and Officer Davidson down the hall a little. Mr. Jones was the first to start talking: “I think you should know that I already know your documents are forged.” He’d expected his statement to cause some reaction and was a little concerned when none of them seemed surprised.
“We figured you were here because of that, and that you were planning on turning us in. Now we’re not so sure. A friend once told me to be very careful who found out that I have the ability to heal others. He said it was a rare gift and many important people would do a lot to get control of me. The detective believes I am a level-six psionic and the doctor agrees. They seem to think that warrants special treatment, so my question is what your plans are for us?” Angelica asked, calmly.
“To be honest, the handling of your case is above my clearance. Ambassador Quinn is the only person with the clearance to handle someone of your special nature. New Sydney gets a lot of refugees; most are running from someone. I would normally find out who or what you’re running from and decide if you were worth the trouble. In your case, the ambassador is the only person authorized to make that decision,” Mr. Jones explained.
“That covers Angie, but what about Mystique and I?” Daemon asked, still sitting on the floor.
“Enhanced individuals are almost as rare as psionics. The cost of performing the procedure and the risk of psychological trouble makes enhancing someone not worth the trouble. The detective told me that you are both enhanced. We will expect a full disclosure of all of your enhancements, but, again, your cases will be handled by the ambassador.”
“What if we don’t know what enhancements we have?” Mystique asked.
“We can have a private physician do a complete physical to find them out, I guess,” Mr. Jones replied, a little confused as to why someone who had gone through months, if not years, of genetic therapy wouldn’t know what was done to them.
“Will it cause additional problems that Mystique is our stepsister and not a blood relative?” Angelica asked, realizing the doctors would figure it out soon enough.
“I doubt it, but that is up to the ambassador,” Mr. Jones replied
“When will we meet the ambassador?” Angelica asked, not sure how much time they had before the detective realized she was manipulating him.
“Detective Montgomery told me that you had volunteered to heal one of Doctor Fitzroy’s patients. When you are finished with that, I will have transport take us to the embassy. I expect the ambassador will want to meet you first thing in the morning.”
“Doctor Fitzroy said he had a patient who was beyond his ability to help and asked if I would try. I am a little curious as to why the hospital doesn’t have better equipment,” Angelica told Mr. Jones as she stood up. Daemon and Mystique took the cue and also got to their feet.
“Is there any chance we can get some new clothes before we meet the ambassador?” Daemon asked as he motioned to his bare chest and the drying blood on his pants.
“The hospital has the best equipment it can afford,” Mr. Jones explained to Angelica before replying to Daemon’s question. “I will arrange to have something done about getting you new clothing in the morning.”
“The detective and the doctor are at the nurses’ station,” Angelica informed them as she walked out into the hall. Daemon allowed Mystique to step in front of him while Mr. Jones fell in behind them.
“Doctor, I am ready to see your patient now,” Angelica said as the group walked up to the nurses’ station. Daemon felt the officers guarding the elevator tense when they saw him. He kept track of their movements and thought of a few different attack plans to use against them if they decided to start something. Angelica and Mystique sensed the arrival of the beast and looked at Daemon.
“I’m not going to start anything,” Daemon told them with a fake innocent smile.
“Right this way,” Doctor Fitzroy instructed, hoping to avoid whatever Daemon might start.
Doctor Fitzroy led the group to another room on the fourth floor. Inside, a twelve-year-old boy was lying on a bed with two IV tubes running to his legs and a full set of leads connected to his chest. He looked small and frail. Angelica didn’t need any special senses to realize he was dying a slow and painful death. She heard Doctor Fitzroy say something about degenerative bone cancer, but she had already shifted her focus to look for what was wrong with the boy. Mystique took the doctor’s arm and motioned for him to stop talking and watch.
Angelica slowly walked up to the boy’s bed and reached down to take his hand. Daemon brought his boot up, standing on one leg, and retrieved a large hunting knife from its scabbard. Detective Montgomery and Mystique were the only ones who observed Daemon’s action. Doctor Fitzroy and Mr. Jones were watching in amazement as Angelica slowly started to glow. Daemon handed the knife to Mystique, who wasn’t sure why he thought she needed a weapon but who was also happy to have one. Detective Montgomery gave Mystique a little nudge to get her attention, then motioned toward the knife. Mystique flipped the knife once, shifting it into a position along her forearm, before she shrugged in response to Montgomery’s question.
Daemon stepped up behind Angelica and reached out to take a hold of her left shoulder with his left hand. The glow Angelica was giving off had spread to cover the boy, and when Daemon made contact with her shoulder the glow grew a little stronger. Both Doctor Fitzroy and Mr. Jones gasped in astonishment as a large black battle-axe appeared in his right hand. The blade of the axe seemed to shimmer and the glow around Angelica grew even brighter. Mystique understood why Daemon had given her the knife. He was trusting her to protect them while he focused on helping Angelica.
Angelica spent close to ten minutes and most of her energy on healing the boy. When she was done, Daemon vanished the axe and half-carried her to a chair near the wall. Doctor Fitzroy slowly moved over to check the patient’s monitoring equipment. Detective Montgomery and Mr. Jones exchanged looks of approval, neither noticing that Mystique had slid back behind them and was holding Daemon’s knife at the ready.
“Is Miss Grayson going to be all right?” asked Mr. Jones, worried she might have hurt herself before he could turn them over to the ambassador.
“Yeah, she’s just a little weak. She is going to need something to eat and drink,” Daemon instructed, concern apparent in his voice. He had not seen her use so much energy before and was worried about how weak she was.
“According to the readings, Carl is doing much better. I will know more after I run a few tests. The Sinclairs will be very grateful for your help,” Doctor Fitzroy told Angelica as she looked over to see what he had found.
“Doctor, I must request that you do not tell anyone how the boy was healed,” Mr. Jones stated.
“All right. If you insist.”
Mr. Jones stepped into the hall to make a phone call to the embassy. He was convinced now that Angelica was as powerful as the detective had claimed. He’d found that most people tended to exaggerate, especially when it helped to further their own desires. He’d expected Angelica to have some psionic ability, but not the level of power he’d just witnessed. Mystique watched and listened.
A few minutes later, Angelica was able to stand and walk on her own. Mr. Jones finished his call and entered the room to inform them he had transportation coming from the embassy to pick them up.
“Detective, in the fight with the guards I threw my pendent at one of the them. Do you know what happened to it?” Mystique asked, a little hesitant about bringing up the fight—but her desire to recover the pendent was stronger than her fear of starting more trouble.
“It’s in the crime lab. They are trying to figure out what poison was in it. You don’t happen to know, do you?” Detective Montgomery replied, annoyed at being reminded that she had poisoned someone.
“Sorry. All I know is that Faust said it would paralyze a person for about twenty-four hours. The pendent was a gift from our father, and I would like it back,” Mystique explained. Angelica and Daemon looked over at the mention of their father’s name.
“I know that poison. The guy will be able to move in about a day, but he will be in a lot of pain. If you give him some muscle relaxers it will help. He is going to feel like he had cramps all over his body,” Daemon explained.
“Is there an antidote?” Doctor Fitzroy asked.
“Not that I know of. It’s made from the sap of a plant in the woods.”
“The pendant is evidence in a criminal investigation. You won’t be getting it back,” Detective Montgomery told Mystique.
“We’ll see about that,” Mr. Jones put in, surprising everyone with his conviction.
“Can we please move to the front lobby to meet the transport?” Mr. Jones asked, hoping to get the group moving. The sooner he got Angelica to the embassy, the better he would feel. Being responsible for finding a powerful psionic was going to look good on his record. All he had to do was make sure she got to the embassy and into the hands of the security force; after that, she would be someone else’s responsibility.
***
The group stood silently waiting in the lobby as police officers watched for any sign of an attack. The armored personnel carrier barely made a sound as is it swooped down to land near the door. A squad of six guards in powered battle armor disembarked and took up position to cover them as they left the lobby and boarded the craft. Mr. Jones led the way, followed by Daemon and Angelica, with Mystique bringing up the rear.
Detective Montgomery watched from the lobby entrance as the transport lifted and flew off. As he watched them leave, he felt his mood change, which made him realize that Angelica had been manipulating him. The more he thought about what had happened, the more convinced he became that she’d influenced him into helping them. He was going to have to be very careful if he ever met her again.
He had no idea what the fallout was going to be for the night’s events, but he expected a lot of questions from the brass. He needed to get as many answers as he could before he got the call ordering him to report to the precinct. Detective Montgomery started going over his notes, trying to figure out who he could talk to in order to get the information he needed.
His train of thought was interrupted by a uniformed officer: “Sir, there’s a kid over in the holding area. What do you want us to do with him? His lawyer left, but he is insisting on talking to you.”
Detective Montgomery whispered a silent prayer of thanks that something tonight was going his way. He keyed his radio to transmit to every police officer on sight. “This is Detective Montgomery. The targets are gone; stand down. Send a forensic team to the fourth floor and start letting people back into the hospital. Out.”
“Officer, I want you to head up to the fourth floor and find a Doctor Fitzroy. I want you to stick with him. I don’t want you to interfere with what he is doing. I just want to know where he is.”
“Yes, sir,” the officer replied as he turned and walked into the lobby.
Montgomery went to talk to young Mister Montagu. He was a classmate of Mystique’s and his mother’s bodyguard was the one who had put her in the hospital. He had to know something useful about Mystique. The fact that the kid’s lawyer had left him alone was going to make it much easier to get answers from him. Detective Montgomery smiled broadly as he walked up to Bruce Montagu.
***
Angelica was the only one nervous about being surrounded by guards in battledress. Daemon was so relaxed he was almost asleep. Mystique was staring out the armored window at the city below. If Angelica could read Mystique’s emotions like she did everyone else’s, she would know that Mystique was actually watching the guards in the window’s reflection. Mr. Jones was experiencing a strong sense of relief brought on by the knowledge that his part in this whole mess was pretty much over. He was about to deliver a powerful psionic and two enhanced people to the ambassador.
The flight took less than ten minutes. The armored vehicle lowered into a building set thirty feet from the main embassy building. Large doors slowly slid back closed as the vehicle settled to the ground. The pilot waited until the doors were fully closed before hitting a switch and opening the doors of the transport. Three of the guards got out while the others waited for the group to exit. The man in charge of the guards spoke with Mr. Jones for a few minutes before assigning two of the guards to escort Daemon and the girls to their rooms.
“These gentlemen will escort you to your rooms. I will arrange for a tailor to visit you first thing in the morning to get you some new clothes. I expect Ambassador Quinn will want to talk to you sometime tomorrow. A guard will be posted outside your rooms; if you need anything, let him know and he will arrange to get it,” Mr. Jones explained to them.
“Is a guard really necessary? We aren’t going anywhere,” Angelica asked, feeling a little nervous about becoming a prisoner.
“Not to worry. He is for your protection. I am afraid no matter how much we try to keep you a secret, word of your existence will get out,” Mr. Jones tried to explain, not knowing that Angelica could tell he was not telling the entire truth.
Angelica decided to drop the matter and try to relax. It wouldn’t do them any good if she pushed to the point that Mr. Jones openly arrested them. So she motioned for Mr. Jones to lead the way. Mystique and Daemon fell in behind them, followed by two guards. Mr. Jones led them to the main building and in through a side entrance. He took them to an elevator and up to the sixth floor, then down a few short hallways to a door. He opened the door and motioned for Angelica to go inside.
The room was actually a suite with a living room, dining room, bathroom, and two bedrooms. The furniture was all of modern design and looked rather expensive. The dining room table was made of what looked like glass. When Mr. Jones finished giving them a quick tour, he explained, “This is the largest available room we have. I can arrange for another single room if you like.”
“No, this is more than enough. Thank you very much for your help,” Angelica replied.
“No problem. Is there anything else before I go?”
“Yeah, can we get something to eat and drink? I’m hungry and I know Angelica could use something after all the healing she did,” Daemon said, less worried about breaching some etiquette rule than he was about getting some food.
“Certainly. The kitchen is closed, but I am sure I can have something brought up. Is there any special dietary requirement that I should know of?”
“No. He can and will eat anything. I’m sure whatever you can find will be fine. Thanks again,” Angelica replied, teasing Daemon a little.
“If that’s all, then I need to go do some paperwork and arrange for the food and tailor,” Mr. Jones stated, giving them just a few seconds to stop him with additional requests before he left.
“I’m going to shower. You two can figure out where we’re going to sleep.”
Angelica and Mystique explored the suite, taking time to look in the closets and in the cabinets in the kitchen. The bed in the master bedroom was a king-size pillow topped with very soft sheets and a light blanket. The pillows were thick but also very soft, and Angelica’s head sunk deep into one when she tried it.
“Want me to sleep on the couch?” Mystique asked, unsure how Angelica felt about sleeping in the same bed.
“Don’t be ridiculous. There’s plenty of room. I doubt we’ll even notice each other in this thing,” Angelica replied with a laugh.
The girls were returning to the living room when someone knocked on the door. Angelica started to go open it, but Mystique rushed past her intent on being the one to answer. Daemon poked his head out of the bathroom to see who it was. Angelica gave Mystique an exasperated shake of her head before turning and going to sit at the dining room table. Mystique waited for Angelica to start walking away before opening the door. A man in some kind of uniform was waiting behind a cart filled with covered serving trays. Mystique noticed that one of the armored guards was standing to the side of the door. The man waited for Mystique to step out of the way before pushing the cart into the dining room.
Angelica couldn’t stop herself from giggling when she realized that the man with the cart had a flash of sexual arousal when he saw Daemon come out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. Mystique looked to Angelica to find out what she’d missed while Daemon’s only concern was the food being placed on the table. Angelica realized that Mystique was looking at her, so she glanced over at the servant unloading his cart and purposefully looked over to Daemon. Mystique follow Angelica’s gaze, giving only a small tick at the corner of her mouth to mark her amusement when she realized what Angelica was pointing out. The servant was not staring at Daemon, but was stealing subtle glances at him.
“Please let the guard outside know when you are done and I will come to clean up,” the man instructed in a feminine voice that caused Daemon to look at him for the first time.
“Thanks,” Daemon told the man, still not comprehending anything other than that there was food available.
“If you need anything else, my name is Fredrick,” the man told them as he wheeled his cart out the door, taking one last look at Daemon before closing it.
“Nice guy. Weird voice, but he seems okay,” Daemon observed as he took a plate and started filling it with some kind of steak. Both Angelica and Mystique burst out laughing, causing Daemon to wonder what he’d said.
“I think he likes you too,” Angelica said once she stopped laughing. It took Daemon a few moments to realize what Angelica meant and when he did it made him stop and think. He had never thought about homosexual relationships before; in fact, he couldn’t think of any homosexuals he had ever met before.
“Well, at least we don’t have to worry about Mystique cutting his hand off for trying to cop a feel,” he stated with a snort of laughter. The girls smiled and agreed with him.
They finished their meal quietly, each enjoying the rich flavors of the food too much to talk. Daemon found he liked the steak best; it had a strong flavor and was seasoned just right. Angelica and Mystique favored the fish, which was served in a white cheese sauce.
“Daemon, the doctor said I was enhanced. Do you know anything about that?” Mystique asked when he was finally done eating.
Daemon looked down at his empty plate, not wanting to talk about what he knew. Angelica could sense his shame and became curious. After a few minutes, when Daemon didn’t answer, Angelica finally spoke up: “What is the problem, Daemon? Why won’t you answer her?”
Daemon looked up at Angelica and then at Mystique. They both were staring at him, silently demanding an answer. “The ancient spirit altered both of you a little while he was on the ship,” Daemon finally admitted.
“The ancient spirit? Isn’t he confined to the other plane where the rift monsters come from?” Angelica asked, confused.
“Yes, but when a ship enters jump space it enters that plane of existence. He felt me cross over into his plane and came to meet me. While he was on the ship, he altered both of you to make it harder for you to be killed,” Daemon explained. Angelica could sense he wasn’t telling her everything and now that she knew some of what had happened, she was determined to find out all he knew.
“Why would he care about us?” Mystique asked.
“He shares my feelings for you two. I care about you, so he cares also,” Daemon told her, hoping Angelica was through asking questions, yet knowing she wasn’t.
“Daemon, what are you try to hide? I know you’re hiding something. What happened during the four days we were in jump space getting here?” Angelica demanded.
“Please don’t make me tell you,” Daemon pleaded. Mystique had never seen Daemon this ashamed before and would have dropped the matter, but Angelica wanted to know. Angelica just stared at Daemon, forcing him to explain what had happened.
“All right. The ancient told me I needed to understand the price of calling on a demon for assistance. He gave Shektee permission to do as she pleased with Sara, Nelson, and Mystique. Stacy was too weak and he would not risk you being hurt, but he did make sure you felt what the others were going through. I couldn’t do anything to stop it. Just before we left jump space, he sealed the memory of what’d happened so none of you would remember it. He told me if I ever take vengeance against Shektee for what she did, he would remove the seal and you would remember every detail,” Daemon confessed.
“So I spent four days as the sexual chew toy of a demon,” Mystique asked, in shock.
“I knew you should have killed her the minute you knew what she was,” Angelica stated, not sure who she was more upset with. All three sat quietly for a few minutes thinking about what Daemon had said.
“No, Daemon was right not to kill her. Without her help I’d be dead, and you two would still be stuck on Endeavor,” Mystique observed.
“How can you say that? I can only imagine what she did to you. It must have been horrible,” Angelica protested, amazed that Mystique would be so forgiving.
“Yeah, imagine. I can’t remember anything she did, which is a heck of a lot better than what I do remember my mother’s clients doing. She auctioned off my virginity the day I turned twelve and the bastard who won was not gentle. So, fine, Shektee probably did some really nasty things. I can’t remember it, so I don’t care. We’re alive and we’re off that godforsaken planet,” Mystique stated with more emotion than Angelica and Daemon had heard from her before.
“Daemon, don’t you ever blame Shektee for what she did. She was given permission and she didn’t kill anyone,” Mystique ordered, challenging Daemon to argue with her.
“All right, but I am never going to ask for her help ever again,” Daemon stated. Angelica was horrified at what she had learned, but Mystique had suffered worse than she had; if Mystique was willing to let it go, she would do the same.
“Okay, so back to the original question; what did he do to us?” Mystique asked.
“I am not sure. He just said he made you tougher. It’s not like I was in a position to demand details,” Daemon explained, exasperated that he had been forced to tell them what had happened.
“All right, don’t worry about it. I am going to take a shower and then head to bed,” Mystique told them as she got up and walked to the bathroom. She stopped at Daemon and gave him a hug before hitting him hard in the arm.
Angelica could sense that Mystique was upset, but she was quickly calming down.
“I think we should all head to bed, though I don’t think I am going to sleep very well tonight.”
***
The next morning was a flurry of activity. A tailor arrived at eight to take measurements, and left to be replaced by a stylist. The stylist trimmed and styled their hair while Mr. Jones arrived to collect fingerprints and DNA for their files, and perform the retinal scans. Mr. Jones informed them that they would be meeting with Ambassador Quinn at ten. At nine-thirty, the tailor returned with dresses for Angelica and Mystique and a suit for Daemon. Angelica was thrilled with the color and style of her dress, while Mystique only looked at hers with distaste.
Twenty minutes later, Mr. Jones ushered them out into the hall. They went back to the elevator and down to the third floor and into a maze of hallways. Angelica quickly lost track of where they were, while Daemon and Mystique noted every turn. Mystique instinctively noticed every lock and surveillance device they passed.
Five minutes after they left their suite, Mr. Jones opened the door to a large reception room. An assistant sat at a huge desk next to an ornately carved and stained pair of wooden doors. Two guards in polished powered armor stood flanking the doors. Six comfortable-looking chairs lined the wall opposite the door. Mr. Jones stepped forward and introduced the group to Mrs. Farnsworth, Ambassador Quinn’s assistant. Mystique’s eye was drawn to six perfectly spaced half-inch diameter marks that lined the front of the desk. In her mind, Mystique could see those circles blasting outward as projectiles were shot at whoever was standing in front of the desk.
Mrs. Farnsworth used an old-fashioned intercom to announce their arrival to Ambassador Quinn. A minute later, everyone heard the click of the door’s lock being magnetically moved into the open position. Mystique was the only one in the group to hear the other five locks slide into the open position. Mr. Jones opened the door and motioned for them to enter, while he stayed in the outer office.
Ambassador Quinn’s office was very large and decorated in an old English style. The lower half of the walls were paneled with a dark stained wood. An average-sized desk made of the same wood but stained a lighter shade sat at the far end of the room. A sitting area with two Victorian sofas and two armchairs positioned around a coffee table strategically blocked the path to the desk. A wet bar stood against the right wall, halfway between the door and the desk. A large, half-full bookshelf was mounted on the left wall opposite the bar.
Ambassador Quinn stood next to the armchair facing the door. He was an average-sized man standing about five-feet-seven and weighing no more than one hundred seventy pounds. His dark brown hair was just starting to gray around the edges, giving him a fatherly, good-natured look. The only distinguishing feature was his steel-gray eyes that showed his true strength of will to anyone paying attention.
A middle-aged lady in an expensive-looking gray suit sat on the sofa to the left. She had short blond hair and dark green eyes, her high cheekbones giving her the look of a retired model. She watched carefully as they entered the room. Angelica felt her stare and a pressure in her mind as she walked in. Mystique was next to enter. She gave the two occupants a quick glance before focusing on finding the surveillance devices hidden around the room. Mystique stopped and gave a startled little gasp when a strange thought entered her head. I can see you; there is no use trying to hide from me. Daemon walked in behind Mystique and was the only one who observed her reaction. He quickly scanned the room and knew immediately what had happened.
“Lady, that isn’t polite. I suggest you stop,” Daemon stated, causing Angelica to look back at him. Ambassador Quinn shifted his gaze from Angelica to Daemon.
“Daemon, what’s the matter?” Angelica asked.
Before Daemon had a chance to reply, the woman started to speak. “My lord, the lady here is projecting a calming aura that I believe will make people more cooperative. The girl is trying to mask her presence. The gentleman I am not able to read at all. He has a very powerful active defense.”
Angelica and Mystique felt the presence of the beast enter Daemon but this time it was different. The beast was not angry; it was cold. The lady on the sofa went rigid, the veins in her temples bulging as her mouth opened in a silent scream. Then the beast was gone and the lady collapsed, unconscious. Angelica was the first to react, moving quickly to the lady’s side while she reached out with her senses to find any damage the beast had caused. Mystique stepped to the side, not sure what was going to happen next. Ambassador Quinn stood quietly observing.
“She is not physically injured,” Daemon said to Angelica, knowing the ambassador was listening very closely. “She has just learned some minds are closed for a reason. If she hadn’t persisted in entering mine, nothing would have happened.”
“Ambassador, my sister’s calming aura helps me stay in control of my anger. The lady forced her way through the barriers I have built in my mind to control that anger. Once she was through them, she saw the demon I must control. If you wish, I will wait in the outer office,” Daemon explained to Ambassador Quinn in a solemn voice filled with regret.
“I don’t believe that will be necessary, but I will post my guards on this side of the door,” Ambassador Quinn replied.
“Guards, step inside, please,” Ambassador Quinn ordered through the open door. Daemon stepped in a few paces to make room as the armored guards moved in and took up their positions near the door.
With a little help from Angelica, the telepathy lady started to awaken. She was a little disorientated at first but quickly recovered. She took a quick look around the room until she spotted Daemon, at which point she yelled for the guards to kill him. Daemon focused his aggression sense on the guards and waited, standing with his back to them.
Ambassador Quinn was the only one to react. As Daemon thought, the guards were waiting for his order before attacking. “No. There is no need for violence. Mr. Grayson has explained what happened and is under guard. Until he commits an act of violence, he is not to be harmed.”
“But ambassador, you don’t understand; he’s possessed by a powerful demonic spirit. He must be destroyed,” the lady argued.
Angelica had heard enough. “Ambassador, I think we should go,” she told him as she turned and started toward the door. Angelica hadn’t taken three steps before the door swung shut and the locking bolts slid into place.
“This is my meeting and I will say when it is over and who kills who,” Ambassador Quinn stated with anger showing in both his voice and his face. “Now sit down.”
Angelica put her hand on Daemon’s forearm, hoping to keep him calm. She knew it wouldn’t take much more for him to decide she was in danger and kill the guards. Daemon looked down at her and winked, surprising her as he allowed his amusement at the threats to cross their link. The guards had moved inside Daemon’s kill range and he was confident he would be able to kill or incapacitate both of them before they could react. Angelica just smiled, proud that Daemon was staying so calm. She returned to the sofa and sat across from the lady.
“Mystique, come sit next to me, please,” Angelica requested politely. Both guards shifted slightly as Mystique stepped out from behind Ambassador Quinn. During the commotion, everyone had forgotten about Mystique and she had carefully slid in behind the ambassador. Mystique stepped around the chair and table to sit next to Angelica. The guards relaxed again and Ambassador Quinn took a moment to organize his thoughts.
“Mr. Grayson, would you have a seat,” the ambassador asked, leaving little doubt that he had meant it as an order and not a request.
“I think it would be best for me to stay standing over here near the guards. I don’t think the lady would be comfortable with me that close,” Daemon replied respectfully, using the etiquette his father had taught him.
Ambassador Quinn took a moment to look at Daemon and decided he had intended no insult. “Very well. This is the Lady Kathrin Donavan. She is a registered level-six telepath. I felt it prudent to have her present for this meeting. The report of the events at the hospital left me with a number of questions about your power levels and abilities.”
“Kathrin said that you are projecting a calming aura. Could you explain why you feel the need to maintain that effect?” Ambassador Quinn inquired politely.
“The enhancements Daemon and Mystique received came at a cost. Daemon is prone to violence, as Lady Donavan has discovered. We have worked many years to get control of his problem and for the most part he is in control. We have found that my empathic abilities have a limited effect on him, which drops to no effect when he is enraged. I have found the aura tends to stop others from doing something foolish and triggering one of Daemon’s outbursts. I have been maintaining the calming aura for so long I no longer have to think about it,” Angelica explained, deciding to stay as close to the truth as possible.
“The report stated that you have the abilities of regeneration, increased strength, and the ability to create a battle-axe out of thin air. I have encountered enhanced individuals with increased strength and increased healing, but never true regeneration, and I have never heard of an ability to create anything out of thin air. Would you be so kind as to demonstrate these abilities for me?” Ambassador Quinn asked Daemon.
“I guess so. I hate to ruin my new clothes, though.” Daemon was about to say something else, but a slight flash of warning caused him to move his hand in front of his chest. Mystique understood they had to get the ambassador’s help, but the Lady Donavan had annoyed her and she couldn’t hurt her, so hurting Daemon would have to do. Daemon’s excuses were all the justification she felt she needed to help him demonstrate his regeneration ability. She pulled Daemon’s hunting knife from her dress and threw it at him. No one, not even the guards, had time to react before the blade was sunk to the hilt in Daemon’s hand; the tip had failed to pierce his breastbone, but his hand was pinned to his chest.
The guards sprang to life, lifting their rifles and aiming them at Mystique. Lady Donavan let out a surprised squeal as Ambassador Quinn triggered a small device on his belt, causing the air around him to crackle with energy. Angelica sat shaking her head. So much for a calm meeting. Daemon pulled his hand away from his chest, withdrawing the knife in the process. Mystique laced her fingers and held them on top of her head.
“Bleen, that hurt,” Daemon stated calmly.
“Oh, quit your complaining, you big baby,” Mystique ordered before bursting out laughing.
“Where did that knife come from? How did you get it in here without triggering the alarms?” Ambassador Quinn demanded as he looked at the ten-inch hunting knife. Daemon held out his hand for everyone to see before pulling the knife out with a grunt. The guard on his left shifted the aim of his rifle slightly to cover Daemon. Daemon understood the guard’s concern and offered him the knife handle. The guard took the knife, only barely shifting his aim.
“Stand at easy. I don’t think you would have done any good if Miss Grayson had intended me harm,” Ambassador Quinn instructed the guard. The guards shifted their rifles to the ready, unwilling to drop them back into the parade-rest position.
Daemon wiped the blood from his hand on his new shirt and showed it to the ambassador. The knife wound was fully healed, the only evidence he had been injured the blood drying on his hand and shirt. Daemon gave the ambassador a few moments to think before turning to the guards. “I am going to produce a big axe. Don’t freak out.”
Daemon put his hand out and whispered “Ur-Um Gil-Im.” A four-foot long double-bladed battle-axe with a jeweled handle and four large gems in the pommel appeared in Daemon’s hand. The shaft continued past the blades to end in a spike projecting six inches beyond the top of the blades. Lady Donavan’s eyes went wide in amazement as her mouth dropped open. She had seen the metal the battle-axe was made from before. It was very rare and very expensive and no one had ever made a weapon out of it. It was only used in the creation of psionic amplifying devices and then only in small amounts. Ambassador Quinn’s eyes fixed on the gems mounted in the pommel. He recognized only three of the four: a star sapphire, a ruby, and a diamond. The fourth he had never seen before, which intrigued him. The gems were all smoothly polished ovals at least two inches long and an inch wide.
“May I hold it?” Ambassador Quinn asked, still in awe.
Daemon thought for a second before turning to the guard holding his hunting knife. “Why don’t you hand it to him?” Daemon said to the guard with a smile and a wink. The guard reached out, carefully took the battle-axe, and delivered it to Ambassador Quinn.
The ambassador carefully lifted it out of the guard’s hand, amazed at how light it was. “This is amazing. How do you do it? Where does it come from?”
“I am not sure where it comes from or how it works. I just woke up one morning and knew how to call it and how to send it away,” Daemon explained, hoping the ambassador wouldn’t push for more details. Daemon watched as Lady Donavan built up the courage to reach over and touch the handle. She instantly felt the power of the weapon surge through her, and then it was gone. Ambassador Quinn jumped in amazement as the battle-axe disappeared from his grasp. Daemon had whispered something and the axe was gone.
“I’m sorry, but I got a bad feeling when I noticed Lady Donavan touch the axe,” Daemon explained when Ambassador Quinn looked up at him.
“Is it any good as a weapon, or is it just for show? I mean no offense, but it was so light,” Ambassador Quinn inquired, still amazed at the balance and weight of the weapon.
Pride won out over prudence. “I haven’t found a metal yet that I can’t cut,” Daemon bragged with a broad smile.
“Care to show me? You could hit Alex. His armor will protect him,” Ambassador Quinn volunteered.
“I don’t want to risk hurting him. Is there something else?” Daemon replied, knowing that his axe would cut right through Alex’s armor.
“How about the door? It’s armored and stronger than the powered armor. I don’t expect you will be able to do much damage to it,” Ambassador Quinn offered.
“Okay.” Daemon turned toward the closed door and started thrusting his right hand toward it. The battle-axe appeared in his hand in mid-thrust. The tip of the axe pierced the door, driving all the way through to the tips of the blades. Daemon didn’t even bother pulling it out; he just caused it to disappear, only to reappear a second later as he brought the blade down and sliced a three-foot gash in the door a full inch wide.
Mrs. Farnsworth screamed out in surprise at the sudden assault on the door. Alarms throughout the embassy started to sound as the panic button she hit sent out its call for help. Alex and his partner both took a step away from Daemon, realizing the danger of being too close. Ambassador Quinn stepped over to his desk to contact security. He informed them there was no problem and that he would need a new door.
“Showoff,” Mystique observed, flashing Daemon a look of disapproval that made him realize his mistake.
“As dangerous as Mr. Grayson is, I would wager that Miss. Grayson is the true threat. Wouldn’t you agree, Lady Donavan?” Ambassador Quinn asked as he rejoined the group.
“Yes, but that doesn’t diminish the threat he represents,” Lady Donavan commented as she watched Daemon closely.
“I am grateful you chose not to demonstrate on Alex. I should have known better,” Ambassador Quinn told Daemon before turning to Angelica.
“Miss. Grayson, your file is equally intriguing. It says you knocked Mr. Jones out without touching him, as well as possessing a powerful healing ability. The most common psionic power is enhanced sensory awareness. True healers are fairly rare in a community that is only a thousandth of one percent of the population. Your file doesn’t mention anything about you being able to manipulate the emotions of others,” Ambassador Quinn said to Angelica before pausing to give her a chance to explain.
“Mr. Jones took my arm and I was in no mood to be touched, so I simply enhanced his fatigue, causing him to pass out. I didn’t hurt him,” Angelica explained a little defensively.
“Ambassador, the mere fact that she can affect others with her abilities rates her at level five and entitles her to at least one bodyguard. The question of whether the story from last night will hold should now be a nonissue. If Miss Grayson’s life was endangered then you were well within your rights to protect her. The fact that Miss Grayson’s sister was injured earlier just ads credibility,” Lady Donavan explained, feeling more comfortable talking about the topic she was very familiar with.
“Lady, you can stop the act. We all know that I’m not Angelica and Daemon’s sister, so we might as well stop pretending,” Mystique stated still a little annoyed at Lady Donavan.
“Thank you for the information. I didn’t know that your mind is too well-hidden for me to get anything but a few surface thoughts,” Lady Donavan replied to Mystique, causing Mystique to this time become annoyed with herself.
“Miss. Grayson, are you shielding Mystique or is she doing that herself?” Lady Donavan asked Angelica, politely motioning toward Mystique.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I am not doing anything to anyone except helping everyone stay calm,” Angelica explained.
“I see,” Lady Donavan replied thoughtfully, looking at Mystique. Mystique knew the lady was trying to read her thoughts and didn’t like it.
“Lady Donavan, stay out of my head. The next time I think you’re reading my mind, I am going to kill you, and don’t think the guards are going to do anything more than avenge your death,” Mystique stated in a cold, emotionless voice that sent a shiver down Angelica’s spine. Lady Donavan looked Mystique in the eyes for just a second before looking away nervously.
“You are a dangerous and violent lot, aren’t you? Kathrin, I thank you for your time, but I think it would be best if you were to leave us to discuss matters. I will speak with you later,” Ambassador Quinn instructed, trying to diffuse the tension in the room.
“Very well. I will, of course, let you know if any outside influence was used during the meeting,” Lady Donavan said, glancing at Angelica. Daemon noted the glance and decided he didn’t care for Lady Donavan.
They all watched as Lady Donavan slowly left the room, trying to maintain an air of superiority as she went. Once she’d left and the door was closed again, Ambassador Quinn started asking the trio about their intentions and what their plans were for the future. To their relief, Ambassador Quinn never asked anything about their past except to inquire if anyone or any group was looking for them.
The meeting with Ambassador Quinn lasted the rest of the morning and into the afternoon. When they were finally finished, the ambassador escorted them to the executive dining room where they enjoyed a nice meal together.
Daemon and Angelica were going back to East Hollow where a psionic evaluation team would meet them. The team would maintain a low profile while testing Angelica to determine the extent of her abilities and provide any training she might require. The team would also test Daemon to learn more about his abilities and enhancements.
Mystique would return to school for now along with an embassy representative to assist her with any troubles she might encounter. The ambassador had intended to assign her a bodyguard, but Mystique had been adamant about not needing a babysitter. Finally she’d agreed to a member of the embassy staff being assigned. The staff member would work with the school security force and ensure Mystique didn’t have any legal problems. During the summer break, Mystique would join Daemon and Angelica in East Hollow, where the research team would test her.
After lunch, the trio was escorted back to their room. Angelica and Daemon would stay for another day before returning to East Hollow. Mystique said her goodbyes and headed back to school. She’d missed a lot of classes in the last few days and was eager to get back.
***

Chapter 3
Back to Normal
Mystique was a little irritated to find a note from Lt. MacDonald attached to her door. It instructed her to report to his office at 8 a.m. the following morning. Mystique had no idea how long the note had been on her door or who had read it, but she expected everyone to know about it. The idea of finding Lt. MacDonald and paying him a visit flashed through Mystique’s mind, but she decided killing him would only cause more problems.
Mystique was about to enter her dorm room when a feeling of foreboding ran down her spine. Mystique had felt the warning before and new there was something wrong with the door. Mystique carefully inspected the door and frame until finally she spotted a small string that looked to be stuck between the two. A closer look revealed that it was actually a wire that had been bent over and slid into the crack between the frame and the door. Mystique wasn’t sure what it was, but she did know someone had put it there and whatever it did was going to happen as soon as the door moved. She needed to know what it was, and she knew just the person to explain it to her.
***
Michael Flanary waited patiently to be buzzed into Lenard Johnson’s office. He had news about the Graysons and knew Lenny would be interested in hearing it. The slight click of the magnetic locks being pulled warned Michael the door was about to buzz. He started toward the door just as the buzz sounded.
“Boss, Miss Tomlin is back from her trip. I contacted her and she will be arriving at the restaurant tonight at eight. I have a couple of guys watching her to make sure she doesn’t decide to skip dinner,” Michael informed Lenny as he walked up to stand in front of Lenny’s desk.
“Good. You get a read on her?” Lenny asked, looking up from his computer.
“She knows enough to be nervous. She recognized your name, but didn’t argue when invited to dinner. I think she’ll cooperate,” Michael replied.
“Good, but just in case, get something to loosen her tongue. I want to make sure she tells me everything she knows. One other thing: nobody is to know what we’re looking into,” Lenny instructed, making sure he made eye contact as he said the last part.
“Understood. I also found out the excitement at the hospital the other night involved the Graysons. I am looking into to it and should know more in a few days. I do know that an armored troop transport from the New Sydney embassy picked up a few people and transported them back to the embassy. If it was the Graysons on that transport, the ambassador will be involved,” Michael informed Lenny.
“We have friends in the embassy. See what they know, but don’t tell them why we’re interested,” Lenny instructed, expecting Michael to already be working on getting the information.
Michael nodded to Lenny before turning and leaving. He had a few people to talk to and a visit to make. Names had been useful at times, but Lenny didn’t want him sharing the information he had given them. Michael was going to have to make sure Names had told them everything before he allowed him to pass on. Michael decided to first pick up the drugs Lenny had requested. He would be nice and use them instead of torture to get Names talking; after all, Names did deserve something for the information he’d provided.
***
Mystique found Bruce in his advanced mathematics class and had to wait for it to be over before talking to him. When the bell finally rang, Mystique slid to the side and waited for Bruce to come out. None of the students who exited the room noticed Mystique as they walked by her. Mystique spotted the two boys Bruce had been with when she’d confronted Mark. They were arguing about something as they stepped past her. Bruce was a few steps behind, looking at some electronic device he was holding and not where he was going.
Mystique decided that since she wanted something from Bruce and he was not obligated to help her, she would act nicely toward him. If he refused to help her, she would resort to more painful forms of persuasion. Mystique thought of Angelica and believed she would approve. Bruce didn’t notice her until she stepped up and took him by the arm. She looked over his shoulder at the device he was staring at.
Bruce jumped a little at her sudden appearance and physical contact, unsure what was happening. His face went through a dozen emotions as he realized Mystique was the one holding him. He was happy to see her but also afraid she was going to hurt him. He had nothing to do with whatever his mother had done, but Mystique could easily think he did and want to punish him for it.
“Relax. I just need a little favor. Someone put something on my door and I want you to tell me what it is,” Mystique whispered in his ear. Sam chose that moment to turn around to see what was keeping Bruce. He smacked Alan in the arm to get his attention.
Alan was about to make a rude comment, then remembered what Mystique had done to Mark. “Hi” was all he said instead.
“Hey, did your sister heal you? Is that how you got out of the hospital so fast?” Sam asked. Bruce tensed, remembering the reaction he’d received when he mentioned Mystique’s family.
Mystique just looked from Sam to Bruce before saying, “I will give you one chance to explain to them how I feel about questions concerning my family before I hurt them.”
Bruce swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat before replying. “Thank you. What does the device on your door look like?”
Sam didn’t hear everything that Mystique said, but he did catch the part about hurting them. Sam had been bullied before and was used to people threatening him, but there was something about the way Mystique talked that scared him. “We’ll leave you two alone. Come on, Alan, we’ll be late for our next class,” Sam said as he grabbed his friend’s arm and started to drag him away.
Bruce was relieved to see his friends run off, glad he would have a chance to talk to them before Mystique did. He knew he was going to miss his next class, but any chance to make points with Mystique was worth it. They started walking toward her dorm room.
Mystique checked to make sure the wire was still there before pointing it out to Bruce. Bruce recognized the wire even before Mystique pointed it out. He should because he was the one who put it there. It was a tiny transmitter that would signal him when the door opened. He had been confident that nobody would ever notice it. He should have known better. For a moment, Bruce thought about lying and claiming he knew nothing about it. But then he realized what Mystique might do if she found out he’d lied to her.
“That is a radio transmitter. It’s designed to send a burst signal as soon as it moves. I put it there to let me know when you got back,” Bruce admitted.
“Still spying on me?” Mystique said with a chirped laugh as she reached up and plucked the wire from the door. She handed it over to Bruce and opened her door. Mystique stepped in and to the side, motioning for Bruce to enter.
“Well, come in and take your beating like a man,” Mystique instructed with what she thought was a little humor. Bruce heard something completely different and thought seriously about running, but realized she would find him and then the beating would be even worse. He lowered his head and stepped in, expecting at any moment to be grabbed and tossed into the far wall. Mystique closed the door and stepped over to her kitchenette. The small kitchen area had cost Angelica an extra two-thousand credits a year, so Mystique felt obligated to use it. That’s when she spotted the box sitting on her table.
“That from you?” Mystique asked Bruce, who was still waiting near the door.
Bruce looked over, slightly confused and relieved that Mystique didn’t look like she was preparing to hit him. “No, I would never enter your room without permission.”
“Good,” Mystique said as she carefully opened the box. Inside it she found her knife collection. Each knife was individually wrapped in some kind of durable plastic bag. The bags had a description of the contained knife written on the outside. Mystique started to remove them and lay them out for inspection.
“Do you need me for anything else?” Bruce asked, the sight of the knives making him a bit nervous. He knew he had violated Mystique’s privacy. Mystique didn’t seem to be upset, but he knew that could change in a heartbeat.
“Yeah, have you talked to your mother? What has she told you about what happened in the café?” Mystique asked, not bothering to look at the reaction on Bruce’s face.
“No, I haven’t talked to her. The only person I talked to about it was her attorney, Mr. Shensi. He says you started yelling and then attacked my mother. I knew he was lying when he said you started yelling,” Bruce explained.
“Your mother reminded me a lot of my mother and I am afraid I may have lost my temper. I didn’t hurt her badly, did I?” Mystique asked as she finished unpacking the knives.
“She had a concussion and a broken wrist. The auto-doc at the corporate hospital fixed her up,” Bruce told Mystique. “You’re not going to do something to her, are you?”
“No, and I convinced Daemon not to either. He is a bit less rational and a bit more violent than I am. I don’t think I could stop him if she were to do something else, though,” Mystique warned Bruce matter-of-factly. Bruce stared at Mystique’s back for a few seconds as he imagined the giant from the hospital being more violent than Mystique.
“Please inform your mother of that fact and try to make sure she understands. I will not pursue the matter any further, and I am willing to forget it. If she feels she has to, then a lot of people are going to die. I may be one of them, but she definitely will be. As for her demand, I will leave that up to you,” Mystique told Bruce as she started putting her knives back into the wall cabinet.
“What demand?” Bruce asked, trying to understand what Mystique was telling him.
“You mother forbade me from having any contact with you. She was threatening to go to the embassy or the police when I lost my temper. Ambassador Quinn has cleared up the paperwork errors with my citizenship, so your mother’s leverage in that respect is gone,” Mystique explained.
Bruce could not believe it. All this trouble because his mother didn’t approve of his choice of girlfriend. He stood in the center of the room slack-jawed, trying to imagine just how out of control things had become. After a few seconds, Mystique looked over to see if Bruce was going to reply. The look on his face amused her, reassuring her that he had known nothing about his mother’s plans. Mystique walked over, took Bruce by the hand, and led him to the door.
“Bruce, talk to your mother; convince her to leave me alone. And if you choose to contact me, be sure you understand the risks if she decides to do something about it,” Mystique told him as she guided him out the door.
***
Lenny was sipping a smooth single-malt scotch when Sara arrived at his table. She was wearing an attractive, if not plain, tan dress that stopped just above the knee. Miss Tomlin stood about five and a half feet tall and had some very nice curves. Lenny had always had a thing for redheads.
Sara took a seat opposite Lenny. She blushed a little when their eyes met briefly, before she lowered her gaze. Lenny decided he was going to enjoy Sara’s company for a while before turning her over to Michael.
“You wanted to talk to me?” Sara got the nerve to ask, still not looking at Lenny.
“Yes, but first we eat. I took the liberty of ordering you the filet of trout. It’s very good,” Lenny responded, taking charge of the meeting.
A few minutes later the waitress brought their food. Lenny was having a prime rib dinner with a side of red potato wedges, while Sara was served the trout covered with a light lemon butter sauce on a bed of rice pilaf. They ate in silence, each enjoying the rich flavor of their meal. The white wine that was served with Sara’s meal had a delicate flavor with none of the aftertaste of the cheap wines she was used to drinking.
“Now to business,” Lenny stated after the waitress removed their dinner plates.
“Yes, sir. How may I help you?” Sara asked, feeling a little less nervous.
“I would like you to tell me about what happened on your last voyage with Captain Stevenson,” Lenny instructed calmly.
Sara didn’t answer at first; instead, she again dropped her gaze to the table and fought for control of the terror that gripped her every time she thought of that voyage. Finally, after almost of minute of staring at the table, she answered. “I can’t remember what happened. All I know is the slightest thought of it terrifies me. I remember leaving here and jumping to our destination; the next thing I remember is being towed to the starport in orbit. I used to dream about exploring different planets; now the thought of entering jump space terrifies me. Please, I beg you don’t make me remember what happened.”
Lenny had seen people beg before and he could tell Sara was truly scared, so instead of making a scene here he would save that question for later. “All right. What can you tell me of the three people you picked up?”
“Angelica is one of the sweetest, most caring people you’ll ever meet. She has this aura about her that makes you feel calm and safe around her. Mystique is a typical teenager. She keeps to herself and doesn’t like being told what to do.” Sara stopped as a shiver ran down her spine. “Daemon is a monster. He may look human, but there’s nothing human about him. If it wasn’t for Angelica, I think he would have killed us all for fun,” Sara explained in a voice just above a whisper.
“So, Angelica’s in charge?” Lenny asked, dismissing most of what Sara told him as exaggeration.
“Yes, Daemon and Mystique are totally loyal to her. I think they would do anything she asked them to,” Sara told Lenny, relieved he hadn’t asked more about Daemon.
“Mind joining me for a nightcap?” Lenny asked as he stood to leave. Though he had phrased it as a request, Sara could tell she didn’t have a choice.
“Of course. I would be delighted, though I do need to be home in time to get some sleep before work tomorrow. I’m still on probation and would hate to lose my job,” Sara replied, hoping Lenny would let her go since she’d been so cooperative.
“Don’t worry about your job. I’ll make sure it’s waiting for you,” Lenny told Sara with a smile. Lenny led the way to the exit and into his waiting limousine. Sara didn’t like the idea but didn’t think she had a choice so she followed dutifully. Once in the limousine and away from prying eyes, Lenny grabbed the neckline of Sara’s dress where it dipped to show a modest amount of cleavage. Lenny simultaneously pulled Sara to him and tore her dress open. Sara’s cries for help were music to Lenny’s ears. Sara’s feeble attempts to fight him off only added to Lenny’s excitement. The limousine slowly pulled into traffic and headed toward Lenny’s mansion.
***
“Hello, Detective Montgomery. This is Doctor Fitzroy.”
“Hi doc. What’s up?” Detective Montgomery replied, a little wary of why doctor Fitzroy would be calling him.
“I just thought you would like to know that the boy who received the special treatment is cured. He’s in perfect health. I mean, she even fixed his allergies. I did a little research and there are no reports of anyone being able to do that,” Doctor Fitzroy told the detective, growing more excited as he spoke.
“Calm down. I knew something was strange. The brass went from getting ready to crucify me to patting me on the back. The New Sydney ambassador sent me a letter of gratitude and has asked to see me. Doc, I suggest you keep your head low and stay out of this whole mess; this is getting way too political,” Detective Montgomery advised.
“I understand. I just thought you might want to know that with her level of power she could be responsible for the modifications to her brother and sister. There is no way of knowing what she could do.”
“All right, but remember she was the nice one. Let’s just hope she stays that way.”
“True. If you do see her, could you let her know I would like to talk to her?”
“Sure. Have a good day, and be careful who you talk to about this,” Detective Montgomery advised the doctor before hanging up. Detective Montgomery whiped his face with his hands as he thought about what had happened in such a short time. He had been in the meeting and about to be fired when Ambassador Quinn had called to thank him for his quick thinking. His superiors had reversed their stance immediately from punishing him to congratulating him. To top things off, he now had a meeting with Ambassador Quinn the next morning.
***
Mystique arrived at Lt. MacDonald’s office at 7:50 a.m. Mrs. Bloomington, his assistant, was just arriving and preparing for the day’s activities. Lt. MacDonald was already in his office. Mystique could smell the lingering odor of his cheap cologne. Mrs. Bloomington informed the lieutenant that Mystique was waiting, before continuing to unpack her day bag. Mystique stepped to the side and waited.
Lt. MacDonald waited until eight o’clock sharp before requesting Mystique step inside his office. “Good morning, Miss Grayson. I trust you found your knife collection in order. There were a few that were in violation of the law and as such were destroyed. The rest were returned to you.”
“Yes, I found the box last night. I admit I was a little surprised. You didn’t sound like you had any intention of returning any of them,” Mystique replied as she took a quick look around the office. It was small compared to most of the offices she had been in over the last few days, a mere ten-by-fifteen. A large desk occupied most of one end with a couple of glass-enclosed cases lining the walls at the other end. In the cases, Mystique recognized an assortment of weapons and drug paraphernalia. A small and uncomfortable-looking chair awaited her, facing the desk.
“Please have a seat.”
“Thank you, but I would prefer to stand.”
“Very well. This shouldn’t take long. My request that you be expelled was denied, so I am stuck with you at least until you hurt someone else,” Lt. MacDonald stated, almost challenging Mystique to argue with him. She had expected something like this and didn’t let it faze her. She simply smiled at the lieutenant.
“I have been informed that a case worker has been assigned to keep you out of trouble. Her name is Cynthia Swansong. She will be arriving sometime this morning and I expect she will want to speak with you,” Lt. MacDonald informed Mystique.
“You may think you’re someone special, but there are a lot of kids from important families here and just one of them takes offense to you and you’re out. Remember that next time you think about kicking the crap out of someone,” Lt. MacDonald told her as he stepped around his desk and pulled the door open.
“Thank you. I will keep that in mind,” Mystique said in a low, emotionless voice that sent a chill down Lt. MacDonald’s spine. He had never been scared of any punk kid, but something about the way Mystique said her last comment scared him. He didn’t realize he was holding his breath until after Mystique had left the outer office and the door was closed behind her.
***
Mystique was about to go to lunch went her phone buzzed softly. A few days ago she would have known who was calling before she even looked at the screen, but now too many people had her number. Instinctively, Mystique stepped into an alcove created for one of the classroom doors before she answered the call.
“Hello, Miss Grayson? This is Cynthia Swansong,” the woman on the other end said. “I would like to meet with you. I have been assigned to you by the ambassador.”
“I am on my way to the cafeteria if you want to join me,” Mystique replied.
“I was thinking someplace a little more private where we could discuss your case,” Cynthia countered.
“Have you read my file?” Mystique asked in her predatory low tone. She had let one lawyer lure her into a trap—it wasn’t going to happen again so easily.
“Not completely. I have only had a chance to skim over it,” Cynthia confessed. Mystique thought she detected annoyance in Cynthia’s tone.
“The last person who wanted to talk to me in private lured me into a trap and I was shot. I think the cafeteria will be private enough,” Mystique informed Cynthia, deciding not to threaten her.
“Very well. I will be there shortly,” Cynthia replied before hanging up.
Mystique recognized Cynthia as soon as she walked into the cafeteria. She was only about five-foot-four and one hundred pounds, but even in her business suit she had the look of a fashion model. Her hair was cut short, which showed off her delicate facial features. She stopped just inside the cafeteria and looked around. Most of the boys turned to stare at and admire her. A few had the courage to try and start a conversation with her. She ignored all of them as she looked around for Mystique.
Mystique waited a minute until it was obvious that Cynthia didn’t recognize her before she stood up and walked over. “Miss Swansong?” Mystique asked, before motioning to where she’d been eating.
Miss Swansong followed Mystique to the table where her tray was still sitting. Cynthia was a little amazed that no one else was sitting at the table. The cafeteria wasn’t packed, but it was full and Mystique had a table for four all to herself. Cynthia took the seat opposite Mystique’s tray while Mystique slid back into her chair.
“Miss Swansong, I am not sure why you were assigned to watch over me, and I don’t really like the idea. I just want to be left alone so I can study,” Mystique informed Cynthia, deciding the best way to begin their relationship was to be straightforward.
“Please call me Cynthia. I have been assigned as your legal advisor. I am not here to watch over you,” Cynthia protested with a smile that Mystique couldn’t determine was genuine or fake.
“Cynthia, since you haven’t read my file, I will tell you a little about me so you don’t feel it necessary to continue lying to me. I have been genetically enhanced and trained in hand-to-hand combat. The process has left me with violent tendencies, which means I am just as likely to kill you as talk to you, so annoying me is not recommended. My education is my main concern at this time,” Mystique told her in the low, emotionless voice she had discovered worked so well to make people believe she was dangerous.
“Well, that does explain a few things. I was not aware of your background, simply that you were to be kept out of trouble. I’ll be in the library reading your file most of the day. I also have an appointment with Lieutenant MacDonald. Is there anything else you want to tell me or ask me?”
“Yeah, my sister is the important member of the family; any questions you have about my family, you ask your boss. I don’t expect to get into any more trouble, so my need for your services should be very limited,” Mystique stated as she finished her lunch and stood up. Cynthia collected her things and also stood. She really wanted to read Mystique’s file and find out if anything Mystique had said was the truth. No way would anyone waste the money on genetically enhancing a teenage girl.
“After classes I have a judo lesson. We can talk again after that. I would like to know what Lieutenant MacDonald has to say,” Mystique informed Cynthia, trying to sound pleasant.
“Sure. I’ll probably have a few questions by then,” Cynthia said as she pulled a business card from her pocket and handed it to Mystique. “Call me when you’re ready.”
***
Cynthia was waiting for Mystique outside the locker room when she arrived for her lesson. She didn’t realize Mystique had arrived until Mystique asked her why she was there. “The school has removed you from all martial arts classes. They consider you too dangerous to continue training,” Cynthia explained.
“Bleen, what’s next—no gym class?” Mystique said, annoyed.
“I thought you might be upset, so I contacted the embassy. Major Castleman will arrange for training sessions whenever you want them. All you have to do is call and he’ll have a car pick you up. He knows about your special qualifications and will make sure your training takes them into account.” Cynthia waited for Mystique’s reaction before she continued. “My boss wanted me to remind you that you aren’t supposed to be telling people about your special skills. He was a little annoyed when he found out you’d told me about them.”
“He would rather have you trying to do your job without critical information? Do you have transportation?” Mystique asked, dropping into the low-toned voice.
“Yes, why?” Cynthia replied, concern creeping into her mind.
“I want to talk to your boss and Major Castleman in person.”
“My car is in the visitor’s lot. This way,” Cynthia replied as she motioned for Mystique to follow her. Cynthia was not used to taking orders from a girl eight years younger than her. She wasn’t sure what she’d done wrong to be assigned this duty, but she did know she wanted off it as soon as possible. Cynthia was used to working with professionals, not psychotic teenagers.
The ride to the embassy was not what Cynthia had expected. She’d feared Mystique would ask her a bunch of questions that she didn’t have the answer for, or was permitted to answer. Instead Mystique had sat quietly in the passenger’s seat watching out the window. Cynthia found it easy to forget she had a passenger, which allowed her to think about her plans for the evening.
The guard at the employee gate stopped her instead of waving her through like he normally did. “Good evening, Miss Swansong. I need to see your passenger’s ID, please,” the guard said as he looked in Cynthia’s window at Mystique.
Mystique handed her ID to Cynthia, who handed it to the guard. The guard slotted the ID into a handheld reader and waited for the results. A few seconds later, the guard’s demeanor changed from relaxed to strictly professional. He removed Mystique’s ID from the reader and handed it back to her.
“Ambassador Quinn would like to know if there’s a problem,” the guard asked Mystique.
“Yeah, Miss Swansong wasn’t given the information she needs to do her job. So either she’s not qualified, or her boss is being stupid,” Mystique calmly replied.
“Ambassador Quinn will be waiting for you in his office,” the guard instructed before stepping back and waving Cynthia on. Cynthia was professional enough not to let the shock of the conversation show on her face. She’d only met Ambassador Quinn twice and each time she’d simply been escorting others to see him. Cynthia wasn’t sure how she felt about being the reason for her next meeting.
Cynthia led Mystique up to Ambassador Quinn’s office. Miss Farnsworth instructed them to go right in but Mystique stopped before one of the guards in powered armor.
“Alex, I’m loaded. Do you want me to remove all my weapons before entering?” Mystique asked the guard.
“Yes please,” the guard responded. Cynthia stopped and waited as Mystique walked over to a side table and started removing the knives and throwing spikes she had hidden about her body. Cynthia watched in amazement as Mystique placed four knives and nine throwing spikes on the table. Mystique noticed Cynthia’s reaction and gave her a quick smile that looked more like a smirk.
“A girl has to be prepared to defend herself,” was all Mystique said in explanation.
“Thank you,” the guard responded as Mystique walked passed him into Ambassador Quinn’s office.
“Hello, Mystique. I pulled up Miss Swansong’s credentials and nothing indicates she’s not qualified, except for the fact that her security clearance barely meets the requirement. Can you give me a better explanation of the problem?” Ambassador Quinn requested pleasantly.
“Yes, Miss Swansong was led to believe she was going to be babysitting a spoiled rich brat with a habit of getting into trouble. She had no idea the serious nature of any trouble I may get into. She wasn’t told by her supervisor of my enhancements or the problems they’ve caused, and when he found out I told her, he asked her to remind me not to tell people about them. I’m guessing she knows nothing about Angelica or Daemon, which I think she should understand at least a little. And the school won’t let me continue my martial arts training,” Mystique explained.
“Sir, the head of security at the school is also working on getting Mystique expelled,” Cynthia added. “I believe Mrs. Montagu is assisting him.”
“I see. Miss Swansong, now that you have met Mystique, are you willing to continue as her guardian? It could be a very boring assignment, or very stressful; there is no way of telling which it will turn out to be. I can state that a certain amount of prestige will befall anyone associated with the Graysons. I can’t say more until I have your answer,” Ambassador Quinn explained to Cynthia.
Cynthia took only few moments to weigh the pros and cons of taking the assignment. Mystique was genetically enhanced, which meant that whoever her sister was, she was very important. Important people tended to know one another, so this could be her best chance to meet some of the true movers while she was still young enough to possibly land one as a husband, or at least a sugar daddy.
“I believe this would be a good opportunity for me, and appreciate your confidence in my abilities.”
“Very good. From now on you report to me or Mrs. Farnsworth. I will make the necessary changes to your security clearance. I will have Major Castleman upgrade your weapons permits and arrange for training. Mrs. Farnsworth will have your new computer and phone tomorrow. She’ll contact you when to pick them up. Miss Swansong, Angelica Grayson, Mystique’s older sister, is the most powerful psionic healer on the planet, and most likely in this sector. The safety of her and her family are of the highest importance. Do you understand?” Ambassador Quinn demanded as he made it perfectly clear how important he believed the situation to be.
“Yes, sir,” Cynthia replied. She remained calm and in control on the outside, while in her mind dozens of thoughts struggled to be heard.
“Lawrence, could I get some of that training? The school has decided I am already too dangerous, so they are refusing to teach me any more martial arts. Miss Swansong has already spoken to Major Castleman and arranged for some training, but I would really like to learn how to shoot,” Mystique requested. Cynthia’s mind picked up on Mystique’s use of Ambassador Quinn’s first name and missed everything said after that. Cynthia was normally more professional, but was allowing herself to be distracted since their conversation didn’t involve her and she was recording it and could listen more closely later. She couldn’t believe how much her life had changed in one day.
Someone snapped their fingers in Cynthia’s face, bringing her focus back to the room and the people around her. Her face immediately turned a bright shade of red as she realized it was Ambassador Quinn who had snapped his fingers. “Try to stay with us. I know it’s a lot to process, but you are going to have to keep up here,” Ambassador Quinn scolded Cynthia.
“Please show Mystique to security and introduce her to Major Castleman,” Ambassador Quinn instructed. Mystique nodded to Ambassador Quinn before turning and leading Cynthia out of his office.
Mystique didn’t say a word as she stopped at the table and started concealing her weapons about her person. Cynthia was amazed at how easily Mystique was making the different-sized items disappear. When Mystique was finished, she turned and headed toward the door only to stop and wish Mrs. Farnsworth and the guards a good day. Another rule Mystique’s mother had taught her and that she couldn’t find fault with was to always try to be nice and respectful, even if you don’t want to be.
In the hallway Mystique turned and took an appraising look at Cynthia. Before Cynthia even realized Mystique was moving, Mystique had Cynthia’s nose pinched between the knuckles of her right index and middle fingers. Mystique squeezed just a little and pulled Cynthia’s face close to hers.
“I come from a very violent society and a slight warning is the most you ever get before something bad happens. I was warned that my life may be in danger and since you are now part of my life, yours is also in danger. Your peaceful, simple life ended the moment you accepted this assignment. From now on, if I catch you daydreaming and unaware of your surroundings, I’m going to hit you. Do you understand?” Mystique whispered to Cynthia before letting go of her nose.
“We’re not in your violent society. People don’t go around hitting and threatening each other,” Cynthia stated as she gently rubbed her nose. Mystique snorted in response and then headed toward the elevator. She wasn’t sure where she was going, but she didn’t expect security to be on this floor.
The trip to security central was quiet as Cynthia nursed her nose and Mystique followed, noting the path they took. Security was in the basement with express elevators to the first and third floors. They also were able to access the three normal elevators. The main room looked more like a gym, boasting free weights and exercise machines. Various weapons, from riot shields to heavy assault rifles, lined the walls in locked cradles. A boxing ring and a wrestling mat took up most of one end of the room. Mystique spotted four doors, three normal and one armored. Cynthia was headed straight for the armored door.
The door swung open and an older man in light armor stepped out. The name Castleman was stenciled on his left breastplate. He was only an inch or two taller than Mystique, with an average build. His short black hair was streaked with gray above the ears, giving him a distinguished appearance. He had the look of a man who had lived a hard life.
“Good evening, ladies. My name is Major Castleman; you can call me Major,” Major Castleman greeted them, offering his hand. Cynthia reached out and gently shook his hand as she introduced herself and Mystique.
“Miss Grayson, are you using some kind of jamming device? Our cameras and sensors are having trouble keeping track of you,” Castleman inquired, looking over Mystique.
“The effect is part of my enhancements. I have to think about it to stop it from happening,” Mystique explained.
“All right. I read what I could of your file. Some of it is still under review to determine who needs to know what. I hope you don’t mind if I ask a few questions. I assure you my security clearance is high enough to hear any information you’re willing to share with me,” Castleman explained. The little he had read about Mystique made it clear that she was a new citizen of New Sydney.
“Sure. Is there someplace a little more private we can talk?” Mystique replied.
“Right this way,” Castleman said as he led the way to his office. Major Castleman’s office was more of a war museum than an office. He had six cabinets full of various weapons, from ancient knives to modern pistols. Mystique even spotted a few items she thought were explosives. One item caught her attention that looked like a claw or talon from some kind of predator. The claw was at least seven inches long with barbs growing out of the sides. Castleman realized Mystique’s interest and stepped up next to her while Cynthia took a seat near the old wooden desk major Castleman used.
“That claw came from a creature that attacked a transport ship I was on. Nobody knows how it got onboard or why it waited until we entered jump space to attack. The thing killed over two dozen soldiers before we were able to kill it. I’ve never seen anything like it before or since, and to tell the truth I would like to keep it that way,” Castleman explained.
“The creature attacked your ship in jump space. It wasn’t hiding on you ship waiting; it boarded while you were in jump space. You’re very lucky it was easy to kill—most of the creatures that live in jump space would have easily killed everyone onboard,” Mystique informed major Castleman in a calm, analytical voice. Castleman would have thought any such claim was insane, but the way Mystique talked made him wonder.
“How do you know?” Cynthia asked to prove she was paying attention to the topic. The idea of monsters in jump space was absurd.
“It was common knowledge on my home planet,” Mystique replied.
“Major, you had some questions for me,” Mystique stated, deciding to change the topic before she was asked about her home planet.
“Yes. Your file mentions that you have increased bone density and muscle augmentation. I believe you have other enhancements. Would you be willing to tell me what they are?”
“I will tell you what I know. I don’t know everything that was done. My father worked with the doctors and died before he had a chance to explain them to me,” Mystique told them, following the story Angelica and Daemon had come up with.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t genetic therapy normally only done on adults?” Cynthia asked, taking an interest in this part of the discussion.
“The risk of psychological damage causes most hospitals to refuse to perform the procedure on minors, though from what I’ve read it actually works better the younger the patient,” Castleman explained.
“There were problems with my treatment that kept me out of school, which is why I am taking the courses I am.” Mystique explained to Cynthia, feeling a little embarrassed about how lacking her education had been.
“I’m sorry to hear that. We can talk about getting you special tutoring later if you like,” Cynthia offered, sounding genuinely concerned.
“Thank you,” Mystique replied to Cynthia before returning to the topic. “I know I am faster than most people and strong for my size. Those abilities are easy to figure out. The hard ones are my ability to notice surveillance devices and traps and to walk through a crowd and have nobody remember I was there, and of course the thing with the cameras.”
“Your file said you snuck a hunting knife into Ambassador Quinn’s office. How did you get it past the sensors?” Castleman asked, hoping that knowing how she’d done it would help him make sure it didn’t happen again.
“I didn’t know there were any sensors, so I wasn’t doing anything special. I just hide it on my person as usual.”
“You would be amazed how many weapons she has on her now,” Cynthia interjected.
“Is there any way I could convince you to demonstrate some of these abilities?” Castleman requested, thinking that if he couldn’t get an explanation maybe he could see how she did it.
“Sure, but first I need to use the restroom. I take it the nearest one is in the locker room,” Mystique replied, to which Castleman nodded.
Castleman watched Mystique leave, closing the door behind her before he asked Cynthia what she thought of Mystique.
“She is not your typical teenage girl. I thought she was lying when she first told me that she was enhanced, but not anymore, which leaves me wondering about the other things she told me,” Cynthia explained to Castleman. “She said because of the treatment she would kill me as easily as talk to me.”
“Unlike everyone else, I have to think of reasons not to kill people,” Mystique stated, causing both Castleman and Cynthia to jump a little in surprise at her sudden appearance.
“You wanted a demonstration. I used a marker instead of a knife. I didn’t think you wanted that realistic a show,” Mystique explained as she sat back down, smiling with pride.
“What’re you talking about? What did you use the marker for?” Castleman demanded, annoyed that Mystique had been able to sneak into his office without him noticing.
Cynthia hadn’t said a word as she noticed the black line drawn across Castleman’s neck. Instead she grabbed her purse and quickly dug out a small compact mirror she used to check her makeup. She used the mirror to check her neck and gave a sigh of relief when she found no mark on her neck. When she was done, she offered the mirror to Castleman and indicated he should check his throat.
“Boija tamoi. I didn’t even feel you do that,” Castleman said, amazed as he examined the mark in the little mirror.
Major Castleman was about to say something but was interrupted by a buzz from the intercom on the desk. He stopped what he was doing to trigger the button activating the device. “Major Castleman here. What’s the problem?”
“Sir, did you take my candy bar? I know I am not supposed to have food in SCC, but my candy bar and marker is missing. If you didn’t take them, we have a problem.” The voice on the other end was nervous, but determined to report something unusual. Mystique took his question as a signal to start eating his candy bar, making sure Castleman noticed her doing so.
“Jackson, I am enjoying your fudge bar as we speak. Out,” Major Castleman lied; he was actually feeling very vulnerable for the first time in many years.
“You would be amazed how many people will open a door to look around if they don’t see the person that knocked,” Mystique commented by way of an explanation before taking another bite of the fudge bar.
“I can’t disappear from sight if you’re watching me. But if I give you a reason to stop looking and think I am somewhere else, you’ll never see me coming,” Mystique said with what she thought was a big smile. The other two simply saw an evil grin flash across her face.
“As head of security, I really want to lock you up and throw away the key. I also know a few members of the clandestine affairs bureau that would love to have you working for them. I guess it’s a good thing you thought of a reason not to kill us,” Castleman thought out loud.
“I didn’t have to. Angelica told me not to kill any New Sydney citizen without her or Lawrence’s permission. Though, the inconvenience of the consequences of killing most people is enough for me to leave them alone. She also told me to cooperate with Lawrence and do what he asks,” Mystique informed them. Cynthia felt a chill run down her spine as she realized Mystique hadn’t been exaggerating about killing her. Major Castleman thought of the psychology lessons he had taken and realized Mystique was revealing a lot of sociopathic tendencies.
“You always do what Angelica tells you?” Castleman asked, trying to get a better understanding of Mystique’s psyche.
“Whenever I can, yes. You know she isn’t really my sister. We just said that to keep me out of the government’s hands. We were told that since I am a minor, the government would take me away and put me in a home for orphans. Angelica and Daemon are the closest I’ve ever come to having family. I would die to protect them, and they would do the same for me,” Mystique explained.
“According to her file, Angelica can manipulate other people’s emotions. Do you think she did that to you, and that is why you feel so strongly about her?” Castleman inquired. If she was one, Mystique was no typical sociopath.
“Major, I will warn you once—be very careful what you ask or say about Angelica and Daemon. If I think you are putting them in any kind of danger, I will kill you,” Mystique stated in her low predatory voice.
“Angelica doesn’t like violence and hates killing. She understands that sometimes it’s necessary. She only uses her empathic abilities to keep people calm, cooperative, and safe; when you’ve lived in fear most of your life, those feelings are very powerful. When I am with her, I am not afraid and, maybe more importantly, I’m not angry,” Mystique continued.
“I think I understand,” Castleman said solemnly. Cynthia sat quietly listening and trying to gain some insight as to how she could best use this information.
“So, what are you going to teach me to make me a better killer?” Mystique asked with a chuckle, trying to change the subject and lighten the mood a little, but instead she caused the other two to become more concerned.
***
The next few weeks past uneventfully as Mystique focused on her studies. Cynthia had arranged for special tutors to be available whenever Mystique requested help. Bruce had slid a letter under Mystique’s door explaining that he had spoken with his mother and that she had agreed to forget what happened as long as Bruce broke off all contact with Mystique. It’d been a hard decision but in the end Bruce had decided to do as his mother wished. Mystique had kept to her word and avoided Bruce.
Major Castleman tested Mystique’s physical abilities and found she had the strength of an adult male athlete and that her reflexes were unmatched by anything human or animal. He assigned two of his best hand-to-hand experts to figure out a combat style that would take advantage of her abilities. Major Castleman also showed her the basics of how to shoot rifles and pistols.
Major Castleman had also requested that Mystique help him run some training drills on his troops. He would assign Mystique a room to break into and see if the guards could stop her. Later she would explain to the guards how she got by them and what they could do to make it harder for her. Major Castleman was rather upset the first few times, but his troops were learning fast and Mystique was starting to have a harder time getting by them. Mystique was enjoying the challenge and was also learning a few things about breaking into places.
***

Chapter 4
The Calm is Over; Time for the Storm.
Cynthia was driving Mystique to the embassy for the weekend. Major Castleman had something big planned and Mystique was going to be staying at the embassy Friday and Saturday nights. So Cynthia would have the weekend off to prepare for her vacation. Mystique had surprised her by asking Ambassador Quinn to give Cynthia a week of vacation. Everything was going smoothly and Mystique assured the ambassador she wouldn’t get into any trouble. Ambassador Quinn had decided to put Cynthia’s vacation on the embassy’s tab. He’d arranged for the embassy to pay for her and a friend to fly first class to Summerset, where they were booked at a luxury resort. He’d even signed off on a five-hundred-credit-per-day expense account.
Cynthia was trying to think about too many things all at once. She was driving more on automatic and not really paying attention to what was going on around her, so when she was hit from behind at a stop light, she was a bit confused. She instinctively looked over to see if Mystique was all right.
“He just saved you a sore arm,” Mystique commented. “You were daydreaming again.”
Mystique’s comment caused Cynthia to rub her arm. Mystique had been serious about hitting her for not paying attention. It’d only taken a couple of times before Cynthia made sure she was aware when she was with Mystique.
“Wait here while I check the car,” Cynthia instructed as she got out.
The driver of the delivery van that had hit her looked like he was searching his glove box for something. His passenger was chuckling as he sat back. Both were large men, but Cynthia wasn’t worried because it was just a simple accident.
Cynthia bent over and started examining her bumper as the other driver got out. “It doesn’t look like—” Cynthia started to say as she looked around and up at the man. The man had a big grin on his face. Cynthia never saw the fist that shattered the side of her face. She’d turned just in time to make her the perfect target for Max’s downward punch. Max had a lot of experience punching people and knew how to focus his strength into bone-breaking force. His fist broke Cynthia’s cheekbone and jaw. If she lived, she would be disfigured for the rest of her life.
Mystique had been watching in the mirror and had started moving when she first saw Max raise his fist. She didn’t have time to save Cynthia and didn’t waste time thinking how to try. Mystique hit the panic button that Major Castleman had demanded be installed in Cynthia’s car. Next, she drew two of her throwing spikes from their hiding places as she stepped out of the car. Roger started to say something, but Mystique wasn’t waiting to listen. The time for talking was before the violence started; now it was time to kill. Mystique threw both spikes with her right hand as she pulled a fighting knife with her left. The spikes hit almost simultaneously: one in the center of Roger’s windpipe, the second slightly to the right. Roger grabbed at his throat. Blood pumped out of the right side of his neck where the spike had sliced open his carotid artery.
Max looked up in time to see his partner grab his throat. He stepped over Cynthia as he pulled his pistol. The boss had told him to kidnap the girl, but accidents happen. He hadn’t seen Mystique roll up over the car, so when she drove her knife into his spine just above his waist, Max’s face lit up with surprise. Mystique knew she was taking a chance not killing him with the first thrust, but she wanted him to hurt a little before he died.
Before Max could get over his surprise and think, Mystique knuckle-punched him higher up the spine between his shoulder blades. Pain exploded in Max’s chest as his spine shattered under Mystique’s blows. Mystique didn’t stop and instead she continued to work her way up Max’s spine, pounding away and shattering disks and vertebra with every strike. For the final strike, Mystique flattened her hand and drove her fingertips into Max’s neck at the base of his skull. The increased density of Mystique’s finger bones allowed them to drive deep into Max’s skull. Mystique closed her grip on the back of Max’s skull before she yanked back with all the strength she could muster. The back of Max’s head exploded outward, covering Mystique in blood and brain matter.
Mystique took a careful look around, trying to find anyone working with the two. A small crowd was forming to see what was happening. The people at the front mostly pointed, but none were willing to get close. A few got a good look and had to grab their mouths and turn away.
Mystique knelt down next to Cynthia to check and see if she was still alive. Cynthia was having trouble breathing, but she was breathing. Mystique moved her into a more comfortable position and waited for the police to arrive. She could hear the sirens of the police cars getting loader and guessed they’d be arriving within a few minutes.
Mystique’s phone began vibrating, signaling she had a call. When she pulled it from her pocket, she noticed she had missed two calls during the fight. “It’s over, I think. Cynthia is hurt pretty bad, and the two men who attacked us are dead,” Mystique stated, not waiting to find out who was calling.
“Is the area secure? Are the police present yet?” Major Castleman asked.
“I don’t see any other assailants and I can hear the police sirens. Is there an ambulance on the way?” Mystique said calmly.
“Yes. The embassy troop transport is also on the way. I want you on that transport and out of there within minutes of it landing. Understood?” Major Castleman ordered.
“All right.” Mystique thought about arguing, but decided there would be less hassle if she just did what she was told.
“Good. Stay on the line, and don’t hang up until I tell you to,” Major Castleman instructed, a little of the edge gone from his voice. Mystique figured he had expected her to argue and wasn’t sure how to take her obeying orders so easily.
“Freeze! Don’t move!” the police officer yelled from behind her. Mystique had seen him screech to a stop and jump out. He had his pistol out and aimed at her, which she found a little annoying.
Mystique could hear Major Castleman instructing her to do as the policeman said and wait for his men. The policeman carefully moved forward, stopping about eight feet behind her. Mystique decided to turn and face the man, so she slowly started to twist at the waist. Even with her heightened reflexes, Mystique couldn’t dodge the officer’s shot; not while kneeling, at least. Two small darts slammed into Mystique’s back, discharging their electrical charge on contact. Each dart dumped a hundred-thousand volts of electricity into Mystique’s nervous system. Each was enough to stop a three-hundred-pound man in his tracks. Mystique’s enhanced nervous system could do amazing things, but a simple Taser shut it down in a heartbeat.
Mystique lost consciousness, instantly falling face first onto the ground where her body convulsed for a few seconds before finally lying still. Michael Flanary knew exactly how much time he had before the real police showed up. He wasted none of it. He quickly hit Mystique with an auto injector containing enough tranquilizers to keep her out for at least six hours. Michael grabbed her cell phone from the ground and threw it in a wire mess bag designed to block any signals the phone may produce. Finally, he hoisted Mystique over his shoulder and carried her back to the fake patrol car.
Nobody at the scene thought twice about the police officer taking the blood-covered murderer into custody. The fact that he had Tased her only proved she was still dangerous. When the real police showed up, Michael was in the back of a cargo truck on its way out to the warehouse district. The ambulance crew showed up at about the same time as the New Sydney armored transport. Major Castleman had given orders that two guards were to escort Miss Swansong to the hospital while the rest secure the crime scene until he arrived.
All of the troops present knew Mystique; some liked her while others didn’t, but all of them considered her part of the team. By the time Major Castleman arrived, tempers were running hot and the police were demanding access to the crime scene. The embassy guards had encircled the two vehicles, weapons at the ready.
Detective Montgomery met Major Castleman at his grav car. “What’s going on here? Why are there men in powered armor keeping us from the crime scene?”
“I’m Major Castleman, head of security for the New Sydney embassy.”
“What does New Sydney have to do with this?”
“A man claiming to be a police officer just kidnapped Mystique Grayson and assaulted a member of the embassy staff from an embassy vehicle,” Major Castleman explained as he started walking toward the vehicles. The memory of Daemon Grayson caused Montgomery to feel sick to his stomach. He could just imagine the wreckage Daemon was going to cause once he found out.
“Do Daemon and Angelica know yet?” Montgomery asked, surprising Major Castleman a little with his knowledge of the Grayson family.
“No, they haven’t been contacted yet,” Castleman replied, guarded and unsure why Montgomery was asking.
“Good. Don’t tell them unless you absolutely have to. Daemon will only complicate the investigation,” Montgomery explained, which made Castleman remember what he’d read about Daemon. He had to agree with Montgomery’s interpretation of what Daemon would do.
“I can put it off for a while, but at some point they will have to be told.” Both men knew they were on a clock and when time ran out Daemon would come looking for his sister. The difference was Montgomery had seen the killer inside Daemon and expected a very high body count once he showed up. Major Castleman expected an oversized headstrong teenager who would get himself into trouble, forcing him to bail Daemon out. Neither man had any clue how bad things could really get.
***
Mystique regained consciousness long enough to realize she was being raped before someone punched her, again knocking her unconscious. The next time Mystique woke, she was alone. She tried to lift her head, but found that the slightest movement caused bolts of pain to shoot through her body. Mystique was no stranger to pain, so it didn’t stop her from looking around.
She was tied naked, spread-eagle, on a queen-size bed. The blankets had been knocked on the floor, leaving her totally exposed and vulnerable to whoever had kidnapped her. The room was lit by a single bulb mounted in the ceiling above the bed. The walls were bare except for the layers of dirt and grime caked on them. A single door was in the right-side wall. It looked to be made of wood, but Mystique knew that could just be veneer over a metal door. She could see no other furniture in the room so she shifted her focus to the restraints.
Mystique found that the person who’d tied her to the bed was not taking chances. Her fingertips were in some kind of tube that contracted as she pulled. A leather strap was wrapped around her wrist and was attached to a wire cable. Smaller wires came off the main cable and attached to each of the tubes on her fingertips. A loop at the other end of the cable was locked to an eyebolt mounted to the bed frame. She found she had only a few inches of slack, so she was not able to move very much. The pain of moving was fading but it was leaving her with a terrible headache.
The door knob started to move so Mystique tried to relax and pretend to be asleep. The door opened and a good-looking blond man stepped in. Mystique fluttered her eyes to get a quick look before groaning and turning her head. The man walked over and stood at the side of the bed, staring down at Mystique’s naked body. He had already raped her twice and was trying to decide if he had time to do so again. He finally decided to wait until later when she was drugged up and tripping; it was much more fun to watch the horror on their faces as he forced himself on them. It would turn whatever trip she was on into a nightmare. Albert loved his job sometimes, he thought, as he reached down and grabbed Mystique’s right nipple and twisted viciously.
Mystique allowed her body to react to the man’s assault, twisting and straining against the bounds and trying to break the man’s grip. Finally, with a laugh, Al released his hold. “Here, let me kiss it and make it better,” Al offered as he leaned over and bit the nipple he had just released. Mystique couldn’t stop herself from screaming out in pain.
The scream hurt Al’s ears so he stopped and stood up. Al slapped Mystique across the face a few times before grabbing her by the chin and lower jaw. “The boss wants some information from you before we send you to the fun house. Until then, me and Sam get to break you in, so try and hold out as long as you can. Unfortunately, a few days of this and you’ll be begging to do whatever we say to get more,” Al told Mystique as he showed her the injection gun he had with him.
Al had experience injecting hostages and knew that if they moved during the injection, they could get a bad cut. He liked hurting the girls, but that was no fun and Flanary might get pissed. Al punched Mystique in the stomach without warning, causing her to pull against her restraint as she tried to double up in pain. While Mystique was focused on the pain in her stomach, Al pressed the injector to her thigh and triggered it.
The high pressure of the injection gun sent the drugs deep into Mystique’s thigh. Mystique could feel the warm tingling sensation spreading out from the injection site. It washed away all the pain and soreness. Mystique felt herself start to relax even as she tried to focus on what the man had said. Mystique quickly slipped into a dream state that felt so real she couldn’t be sure she was dreaming.
For most people the drugs Mystique was given triggered realistic dreams of euphoria; in a few, the dreams were nightmares. The nightmares Mystique experienced had their base in memories more horrible than most sane people could handle. Albert had planned to rape Mystique once the drugs had started to work, but seconds after he’d injected her, Mystique started screaming. The volume and terror behind her screams drove Al from the room. No one had ever reacted so violently and Al began to worry Flanary would get mad at him.
***
Michael Flanary was not happy when he came out of Mystique’s room. He’d intended to interrogate her a little before resorting to using drugs. Mystique had stopped screaming and had passed out, but Michael had no idea how long it would take her to regain consciousness. When she finally did wake up, Michael could only pray there was enough left of her mind to be useful.
Albert and Samuel were waiting in the office when he returned. Both men looked away when Michael walked in. Michael casually ambled over to the desk and picked up the injection gun.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Flanary. How was I supposed to know she would have that bad of a reaction to the drugs?” Albert tried to explain.
“I know; it wasn’t your fault. It was my fault for leaving her alone with you two animals,” Michael said, sounding truly remorseful as he stepped closer to Albert.
Michael shot his hand out and grabbed Albert’s shirt and pulled, bringing Albert closer to him. Samuel knew better than to interfere. Michael slammed the injector into Albert’s chest and started to pull the trigger. Albert jerked away as hard as he could, causing the stream of high-pressure liquid to cut through his shirt and skin. Albert felt the warm tingling sensation start to spread and grow hotter. Michael pushed forward and knocked Albert over the small coffee table and onto the sofa. Michael never let go; instead, he fell on top of Albert. Michael continued to inject more drugs into Albert, not stopping until the vial mounted to the top was empty.
Albert felt the warming sensation growing hotter and knew what was going to happen. Every nerve in his body started to overload as the warmth became heat, which turned into searing pain. Albert felt like his body was on fire—the only relief was a few minutes away, but until then he would suffer a horrible death. Albert screamed until he died.
“Get rid of him,” Michael ordered Samuel as he walked over and sat behind the desk to think. “When you’re done, leave town. I’ll call you when you have permission to come back.” Samuel was smart enough not to say anything; he just bobbed his head in acknowledgement and dragged Albert’s corpse out of the room.
Michael cursed the fact that he couldn’t use more competent help. He was stuck with expendables since Lenny had ordered the elimination of anyone who knew about the operation. He was going to have to get a couple of new guys to watch Mystique while he contacted her sister. He thought for a few minutes about coming up with the new help. Selene and her boyfriend Gerald would do. Selene still had half her brain, which was more than enough to keep Gerald and Mystique in line. Michael made a phone call and waited.
***
“Major Castleman, this is Detective Montgomery. We’ve identified the two assailants from the crime scene: Alfonse Rotenie and Benjamin Bateman. They both had multiple arrests for assault and battery. According to their files, they freelanced as collectors and hired muscle,” Montgomery explained to Castleman. Detective Montgomery had agreed to keep Castleman up to date in return for keeping Daemon as far away from town as possible for as long as possible.
“Any idea who they were working for?”
“Not yet, but we have every available officer pounding the streets. We should get a lead soon.”
“I hope so. I’ve been able to convince the ambassador not to contact the Graysons until we have more information, but I don’t know how long he’s going to wait. He has offered to apply as much political pressure as you want to whoever you want to help speed things up. He’s willing to give you some time, but not much. Sooner or later, the Graysons are going to find out, and when they do, he will be contacting the Federation Sector Governor and the Marshals Service. Preliminary testing puts Angelica over a rating eight and the guy doing the test thinks she could reach level ten. This makes her the strongest psionic in the sector, as well as the strongest psionic in the history of New Sydney. Ambassador Quinn has already sent for a cruiser to transport her to New Sydney when this is over,” Major Castleman informed Montgomery. He normally wouldn’t be so forthcoming with information, but Montgomery had proven his ability to keep secrets and be discreet.
“All right. I’ll contact you if we get anything new,” Detective Montgomery replied. The situation was quickly building the potential to become a political nightmare, as well as a physical one. Once the Marshals Service got involved, every little secret would be revealed and he would be lucky if all they did was arrest him. Everyone treated high-level psionics as special, but to call in a cruiser just to transport three people was a bit much. Detective Montgomery really wished he’d never heard of the Graysons.
***
“Mystique, Mystique, can you hear me?” Michael asked Mystique as he gently patted her face. Slowly Mystique groggily woke up and turned to try to avoid being hit. Her mind was still clouded, making it very hard for her to think.
“Mystique, does Angelica love you? Will she come for you?” Michael asked, urging Mystique to respond.
Angelica, they want Angelica. The thought pushed its way through the haze. Mystique still felt the effects of the drugs they’d given her. The idea that whoever was doing this to her wanted to do it to Angelica was too much. Mystique yelled to Angelica, warning her to stay away, telling her it was a trap. Mystique put every ounce of energy she had into those cries before collapsing back into unconsciousness.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Michael said with a smile.
Michael checked Mystique’s bonds to make sure they were still secure before heading to the office. Selene and Gerald were waiting for him when he arrived. Selene had been an attractive blonde with a body built for fun; even after years of drug abuse, she was still attractive. Gerald had been her dealer but now he was so strung out that Michael figured he’d be doing the guy a favor killing him when this was over. Thinking about it, Michael decided he would hold onto Selene for a while and enjoy that body some before killing her.
“I’ll be back in an hour. You two are to make sure nothing happens to the girl. Selene, I want you to check on her every five to ten minutes. I don’t expect her to wake up, but if she does you can give her a drink of water, nothing else. She is very dangerous so don’t untie her for any reason. If you hear or see anybody, call me immediately. Do you understand?” Michael fixed each of them with his gaze until they looked away. They both mumbled their understanding, which Michael would have never accepted from one of his normal crew but from these two he figured it was the best he was going to get.
Michael headed to the parking lot. He needed to contact Nicky and arrange a ride. Nicky was one of the best drivers in the city and knew how to be discreet, which meant he wouldn’t have to kill him when this was over. Nicky would be perfect for driving him around while he made the first phone call to Angelica. Michael planned to use Mystique’s cell phone, which the police would start tracing as soon as he removed it from the scrambler bag. It was risky, but having Mystique’s identification come up on the caller ID would add a valuable amount of credibility to his claim. Once Angelica believed he had Mystique, he could switch to using throw-away phones. With any luck, in twenty-four hours he would have Angelica.
***
Mystique awoke with a start, thrashing against her bonds. The nightmare she’d been having was still fresh in her mind and caused her pulse to race. She was still having trouble concentrating, but at least the fog was starting to clear. She could remember a man asking her a question, but at first she couldn’t remember what it was. She had the feeling it was important so she tried to concentrate. Fragments of her nightmare kept playing out in her mind as she tried to remember, until she heard the man say Angelica. The memory of what the man had wanted snapped back into place—he wanted to know about Angelica, and if she cared for and would come for Mystique. He wanted Angelica and he was going to use Mystique as bait to lure her into a trap.
Mystique had to escape. The idea of that man doing to Angelica what had been done to her ignited a burning rage. Mystique would not allow them to hurt Angelica. The thought reminded Mystique that Daemon would also come. He would never allow Angelica to come by herself, and he would want to kill the men who had kidnapped her. The man would be expecting that and must be planning to kill Daemon. Daemon was difficult to kill but not impossible, and Mystique didn’t even want to think of what would happen if he ever was killed.
A phrase fluttered through her mind. It was in a language she did not know and the voice that said it was not hers. The voice was familiar and Mystique knew she’d heard it before. Mystique focused on the phrase; she had the strong feeling it was important. When Mystique thought of the phrase it became clear in her mind. “Alka Shektee sinnis Sarrat Irkalli ana abatu nga lukur.”
Mystique repeated the phrase in her mind a few times before realizing she knew the name Shektee. Once she thought of Shektee, the memory of the succubus came clear. Shektee in her natural form was a little taller than Mystique with a full, sexy figure. She had solid pools of blackness for eyes and two small horns protruding just above the temples through her jet-black hair. She had a three-foot-long prehensile tail that ended in a bone spike. She had served Daemon and had helped them escape Endeavor.
Mystique remembered Shektee had planted the phrase in her mind and told her to use it only in an emergency. It was an ancient summoning spell and would bring Shektee to her no matter where she was. The phrase would only summon Shektee; it would not give Mystique any control over what she did once she arrived. Shektee had promised that she would not kill Mystique and Mystique believed her. Mystique was one of the few people who knew about the ancient spirit that Shektee truly served. It would become angry with Shektee for killing her and Shektee would not risk upsetting it. Shektee would expect some kind of payment for any help, and Mystique had no idea what that payment would be.
Mystique knew she should consider the risks of summoning a demon, but the fact was she didn’t care what Shektee wanted or did. Shektee would save Angelica if for no other reason than to please Daemon and in turn the ancient spirit that was linked to him. Saving Angelica was all that mattered.
Mystique remembered Shektee’s warning; she had to repeat the phrase exactly as she was taught it and continue to repeat it until Shektee arrived or another demon could appear. Mystique began reciting the phrase aloud. When she was done, she recited it again. The second time, Mystique started feeling the hairs on her arms stand up. After the third time, she could feel that the temperature in the room had dropped. Mystique concentrated on the phrase, ignoring everything else around her.
Outside, the air pressure dropped along with the temperature. Black clouds formed in the sky, plunging the city into darkness as the ancient energies gathered strength. Lightning began to streak across the sky. Animals all around the city took shelter and hid from the danger they could feel coming. The thunder claps blended together to become a deafening cacophony as the lightning started to strike at the city below. All the while, Mystique repeated the phrase.
A force of unknown origin tried to stop Mystique; it made talking nearly impossible, forcing Mystique to have to shout. The phrase became jumbled in her mind, making it more and more difficult for her to recite it correctly. Mystique focused all her will and determination into reciting the phrase until the final climactic explosion of energy split the dimensional barrier and allowed Shektee to come through.
The force of the explosion had sent Mystique’s bed crashing against the wall. Mystique was knocked unconscious, blood seeping from her nose and ears. The restraints on her arms and legs held firm, causing Mystique’s muscles to tear as her right arm and leg were dislocated. Luckily the shock wave mostly washed over her, causing only minimal internal damage. Mystique was injured but she would survive.
***
Shektee had been summoned before and knew that something was different this time. It had been centuries since the last time a mortal had dared to summon her. In the past, the summoning had occurred without warning and had yanked her away from what she was doing. This time it had slowly built in strength until finally pulling her here. She had no idea where here was, or who had summoned her.
A quick scan of the room revealed whoever had summoned her had neglected to construct any binding wards. She was free to do as she pleased. A human was tied to a bed, probably as a sacrifice in a foolish attempt to bribe her into service. She would not kill the female just yet; during her time serving Daemon, she had come to appreciate the advantage of having servants. She had to learn more about who had summoned her and why. The summoning had filled her with energy, easing her hunger for the time being.
Shektee cautiously walked over and looked at the female. She reached down and turned the girl’s face toward her, brushing hair away as she did. Shektee froze the second she had a good look at Mystique’s face. She recognized Mystique immediately. Shektee straightened up and heightened her senses, scanning the area more carefully this time. Mystique was weak and injured but she was the only human nearby. Shektee didn’t know what was outside the room, so she couldn’t tell how far her senses could reach, but she would have at least a few seconds warning if someone approached.
The kiss of a succubus was normally deadly but Shektee was careful not to take any of Mystique’s life energy. The kiss had other uses that Shektee had slowly developed over time. One of them was the ability to create a telepathic link to her victim. Shektee was able to read all of Mystique’s memories. She quickly scanned through them, trying to figure out why Mystique had dared summon her. Most mortals that summoned demons were overconfident and foolish; Mystique was neither of those. It didn’t take long for Shektee to find the answer: someone was after Angelica.
Angelica was a problem Shektee had been hard-pressed to solve. Angelica had demanded Daemon kill her and he would have, if not for the rules Angelica had taught him. Shektee had done nothing to Daemon or his friends, so he had refused, which was exactly what Angelica had spent years teaching him to do. Normally Shektee wouldn’t have been worried about any mortal, but Daemon was linked to her true master—an ancient spirit of immense power. Shektee realized this was a good opportunity for her to indebt Angelica to her. The thought brought a smile to Shektee’s face.
Now Shektee had to figure out how to get Mystique to safety and contact Daemon. She could tell Daemon was on the planet, but he was a long distance away and she had no way of contacting him. The first priority was to get Mystique away from here. She was injured and needed healing. The people who had taken her were experienced in combat and would have weapons.
Shektee’s train of thought was interrupted by the appearance of a human female coming to the door. Whoever it was, she was taking her time opening the door, which gave Shektee plenty of time to move next to the door and change into a better combat form. In her natural form she could beat most humans, but this was not the time for carelessness. The ancient spirit had given Shektee the ability to change into any form of near-equal mass, and she had learned to use it to her advantage.
The woman swung the door open carelessly and stepped inside. She had a light source in her right hand and a metal bar in her left. Shektee could tell by the way she moved that the woman had little experience in melee combat. The woman was a little nervous, so terrorizing her would be fairly easy. She stepped closer to the bed not bothering to look around the room. Shektee pushed the door closed. The woman spun around at the sound of the closing door. She froze in terror as the light of the flashlight illuminated Shektee’s combat form. Shektee’s combat form was shorter than her natural form. Shektee’s head was much larger to make room for her new mouth, which hinged near the back of her skull and allowed her to open her mouth unnaturally wide. Selene was standing frozen in terror when Shektee grappled her. Shektee pulled her into a hug and squeezed, breaking Selene’s ribs and causing massive internal damage. Selene would die from those injuries alone, but Shektee had need for the information her held in her memory. Shektee bit down on Selene’s face, driving a multitude of needle-sharp teeth into Selene’s temples. Shektee drained Selene’s memories and life energy with that horrible kiss. When she was finished, Shektee discarded Selene’s mummified husk in a corner of the room.
Shektee took a minute to sort through the memories she had taken from Selene. There was only one other guard on duty and he was Selene’s boyfriend. They were in something called a self-storage facility away from the main city. The Irishman was the man in charge, and he would not return for another thirty minutes or so. Shektee thought the first thing to do was eliminate the second guard.
She decided to disguise herself as Selene in case there were cameras between here and the other guard. Shektee shifted forms once again; this time, she took on the form of Selene. She then recovered Selene’s clothing and dressed herself, becoming Selene’s perfect duplicate. She had not heard Selene talk so the voice was not going to be the same, but she didn’t expect to have to talk to Gerald. She grabbed the flashlight and pipe and walked casually toward the office. She was glad she was able to retain her natural visual abilities; human vision was so limited Shektee was amazed they could see anything.
Shektee opened the office door and found Gerald relaxing on the couch. Shektee smelled a strange smoke in the air and realized it was one of the drugs Gerald and Selene used. She walked over, throwing the flashlight and pipe into a nearby chair. Gerald watched her with a stupid smile on his face. Shektee sat down, straddling his lap, and took his head in her hands. She slowly leaned in and kissed Gerald, using one of her abilities to heighten his sexual awareness and pleasure. Gerald died a very happy man.
Shektee checked the phone and found that the line was dead. She had learned how to use the phone from Selene’s memories and had found Daemon’s phone number in Mystique’s memories. It would have been too easy if she could have just called Daemon and told him what was happening. Shektee would have to get Mystique to a safe location and find a working phone. She returned to Mystique’s room and carefully removed the restraints. Mystique had not regained consciousness, which caused Shektee some concern. If Daemon decided she was to blame for Mystique’s death, he would most likely kill her. Shektee wrapped Mystique in a blanket and picked her up. She would have to carry her to safety, which brought up the most important question: where was safe?
***
Daemon was sparring with a couple of guys from the security detail when he felt the sudden change in Angelica’s mood. He had no idea what had happened, but Angelica suddenly was very afraid. He forgot all about the two men fighting him. They took his hesitation as an opening and attacked. Daemon instinctively defended himself, only keeping enough focus on the fight to make sure he didn’t kill the two men. The beast took control of Daemon’s body as his mind was trying to figure out what’d happened to Angelica. The beast had centuries of experience in hand-to-hand combat. The men were no match for his superior strength, speed, and skill.
Angelica was scared, which meant he needed to be with her. The beast grabbed the man coming in from the left, knowing he would expect Daemon to go after the man on the right, which was his favored side. The guard was very good but it’d made him overconfident. Daemon did not have the skill of the beast and relied on brute strength and speed to win his fights. The guard realized his mistake and would have evaded any other opponent. Daemon was able to get enough of a hold on him to pull him off his feet and throw him into his partner. Daemon didn’t waste time checking to see if they were injured. He spoke the magical word calling forth his axe, and sliced the fence wall of the sparing cage.
Another guard who had been watching the match recognized what was happening and sounded the alarm. All around the small farm, pop-up turrets sprang to life, their scanners switching from passive mood to actively searching for any sign of intruders. An armored attack transport lifted out of the barn to provide air cover while guards in powered armor ran to where Angelica was on the phone.
Daemon hadn’t bothered to put away his axe as he ran across the backyard toward the main house. Ambassador Quinn had moved them into a fancy hobby ranch slash farm. He’d explained that it would provide more privacy, which would allow the security detail more freedom to do their job. All that didn’t matter now. Something was scaring Angelica and the fact that she was still scared meant it was a real threat.
Daemon almost stumbled as he reached the back porch. Every hair on his body came alive and Daemon could feel a strange energy wash over him like a wave. The feeling only lasted for a few seconds and then it was gone. In its place Daemon felt a new presence, one that he’d felt before. Daemon stopped to identify this new threat. He focused on his ability to feel aggression in others. It didn’t take long for Daemon to find and identify the source. Shektee was on the planet in the dimension of man. How she’d crossed the dimensional barrier Daemon didn’t know and didn’t care about at the moment. She was hundreds of miles away.
Two guards in powered armor burst through the back door, charging down the steps to take up flanking positions. Every member of the guard detail had been instructed not to get too close to Daemon during a security alert. They had all witnessed Daemon’s demonstration of what his axe could do and had been informed of his psychological instability, which could turn him into a berserker in times of stress. They would escort him wherever he went, but they were under strict orders not to interfere with what he did. Daemon registered their arrival and smiled. They would have secured Angelica before looking for him.
Daemon put away his axe and calmly walked up the back steps and into the house. He had an idea of what had upset Angelica. Somehow she must have sensed Shektee coming through the dimensional barrier. The idea of a demon entering the dimension would scare any rational person. Daemon walked through the kitchen and into the living room where Angelica sat in the armchair she usually used. Four guards in powered armor were also in the room watching the windows and entrances. Angelica had her phone in her hand and she was staring at it when Daemon walked in.
“Someone has kidnapped Mystique. He’s going to call back in a few minutes to tell me what he wants,” Angelica explained to Daemon and the guards. Anger flashed through Daemon’s being, followed almost instantly by a burst of laughter. Angelica’s head snapped up, anger replacing fear. The guards transmitted the conversation to their captain knowing he would be interested in finding out what was happening.
“What the hell is funny about Mystique being kidnapped?” Angelica demanded as she stood up. She knew she couldn’t hurt him, but that wasn’t going to stop her from punching him a few times if she didn’t like his answer.
“Mystique will be all right. She’s already called help,” Daemon replied with a smile. It had to be Mystique that’d summoned Shektee. Shektee had implanted the summoning ritual in Mystique’s mind back on Endeavor.
“What are you talking about?” Angelica asked, a little calmer but still upset.
Daemon started to explain but realized the guards were listening. “My friend, the one you don’t like, is back,” Daemon said instead. Angelica didn’t understand and was in no mood to play guessing games. She was about to demand that Daemon stop playing and explain when she noticed him looking at the guards.
“Excuse me. Could you all please leave the room? I would like to talk to my brother in private,” Angelica requested, making sure everyone understood it was not really a request. The guards filed out of the room, closing the doors behind them. If Daemon or Angelica had known anything about the capabilities of powered armor they would have known a door wasn’t going to stop the guards from eavesdropping on their conversation. Part of the mission the guards had been tasked with was gathering information about the two.
Once the guards were gone, Daemon explained his theory about what was happening. Angelica couldn’t decide if she was relieved Mystique would be safe from the kidnappers or terrified that she was in the care of a demon. One thing was certain—they needed to get to the city, and fast.
***
The storm was dissipating as quickly as it had appeared and work crews were already heading out to repair the damage. Power had been lost to almost half the city and only landline phones were working. People stayed in their homes and prayed for safety. Shektee carried Mystique down a side alley between two large buildings. She tore a small hole in the fence surrounding one of the buildings.
The clouds were breaking up, which meant people would soon be leaving the shelter of the dwellings. Shektee didn’t have much time to find a place to hide. She hoped to find a suitable location on the roof of the building. She pulled a length of rope from her bag and tied it around Mystique’s chest, under her arms. Shektee didn’t like leaving her unprotected, but knew it would be faster for her to climb up and check the roof if she wasn’t carrying Mystique.
Shektee shifted into the form of a giant spider and ran up the side of the building. Once on top, she took a quick look around. She found the roof had numerous metal boxes spread out and decided it would do. She quickly went back to the ledge above Mystique and retrieved the rope. A minute later she was carrying Mystique to one of the boxes that was not sitting on the roof but was instead on legs. A small crawl space was left underneath just large enough for Shektee to push Mystique under and out of sight.
Shektee sat down next to Mystique to think. She took the time to meditate on the memories she’d taken from Mystique and her two captives. The two captives had very little useful information. They knew the Irishman mostly by reputation and had been surprised when he’d contacted them about doing a job. Mystique had no knowledge of him except for the few times he’d visited her. Shektee looked for other people who Mystique trusted. She needed to get Mystique medical help and make sure she survived until Angelica arrived.
Shektee wasn’t surprised when she found that Mystique didn’t trust many people. Most of the people she knew she thought of in terms of their usefulness, which Shektee found handy. Mystique arranged the people by their skills and abilities, then by their drawbacks, and decided based on the comparison how she treated them. Most people she simply ignored. There was one male that seemed to be useful and Mystique even trusted him a little. He seemed intelligent and resourceful but his mother had caused Mystique injury. The boy had also been able to contact Daemon and Angelica.
Shektee checked on Mystique and made sure she was as comfortable as possible. She was going to have to go to the school to find Bruce Montagu. Daemon would be coming but Shektee didn’t know how long it would take for him to arrive and Mystique was not regaining her strength. Bruce would know how to contact Daemon and let him know that Mystique needed healing. Daemon would tell her what to do and she would do it. Her responsibility for what was happening would drop dramatically, making it much more likely she would survive if Mystique did not recover, or so she hoped.
***
Bruce was glad he’d purchased the battery backup power supply for his room. As long as power was restored within the next eight hours, he wouldn’t be seriously affected. Half of the cell towers in the city had been fried by lightning but the satellite uplink for the school was still working, which meant he could still use his computer to get online. There was a lot of speculation as to what had caused the freak storm and the weather service was trying to figure out if it could happen again.
The gentle tap on his shoulder made Bruce jump, causing the glass of soda on his computer table to fall over and the bag of chips to drop to the floor. Bruce spun around in his chair, coming face-to-face with Shektee in the form of Selene. Shektee had no time for his questions so she used her charm spell. Bruce felt the overwhelming desire to please the woman standing in front of him. Every other thought vanished from his mind. He would do anything she wanted just as soon as he found out who she was and how she’d broken in. Very few humans have the strength of will to resist a succubus’s charm spell; Bruce was one of them.
“Who are you and what are you doing in my room?” Bruce demanded as he started to stand up.
Shektee tried a different approach. She put her hands on both of his shoulders and pushed him back down into the chair, forcing him to look up at her at the proper angle for a servant to look at its master. “I am Shektee, and if you do as I instruct, I won’t kill you,” Shektee stated as she dug her fingers deeper into Bruce’s shoulders, causing him to wince in pain.
“All right. What do you want? I don’t have a lot of money,” Bruce offered, hoping she would take the money and leave. He was going to contact someone in Agrotech security about getting an alarm on his doors and windows.
“Mystique is injured. I need you to contact Daemon,” Shektee informed him. Bruce was stunned; he had expected Shektee to demand money or jewelry or even his computer. Slowly the full meaning of what Shektee had said sunk in.
“How? Is she all right? Where is she?” Bruce blurted out as he tried again to stand, but like Mystique, this woman was a lot stronger than she looked. Shektee felt his concern for Mystique. He cared about her, which was good. She would not have to force him to help.
“I have no time to explain. Contact Daemon,” Shektee instructed. She released her grip to allow him to do as she’d instructed. Bruce sat still for a few seconds, thinking. Shektee found it hard to wait, but she could tell he was trying to solve some problem.
Finally, Bruce spun his chair around and started typing. As he did, Bruce cursed his stupidity for not letting his mother get him a datajack. It would have allowed him to directly interface with the computer and instead of typing the commands, he would just have had to think them. He decided to start simple and email the New Sydney ambassador. He didn’t expect to get a response, but he figured he could follow the email to the embassy servers.
Bruce was a little surprised to receive an immediate response. He’d emailed the ambassador that he had information about Mystique. The ambassador’s response came in two parts, first a reply email asking for more information and the second a tracer. Someone was tracking his email back to his computer. He hadn’t thought to route the email through any other servers, so it wasn’t going to take the tracer long.
“We are going to have company in a few minutes. If you are going to run, you better get moving,” Bruce told Shektee.
“I told you to contact Daemon; not invite guests! You are trying my patience and I am not a patient being,” Shektee stated, conveying her annoyance clearly through her voice. The use of the word being was not missed by Bruce, who turned back to his computer and typed a reply to the ambassador’s email.
“They keep emailing me. Why don’t they ask for a video connection?” Bruce thought aloud, partly to let Shektee know what he was doing.
“Mystique was kidnapped and they think you are the kidnapper. They do not wish to scare you into leaving before they get here,” Shektee speculated. “According to their records, you were involved with the first kidnapping attempt.”
Bruce spun around to protest his innocence but froze when he saw Mystique standing behind him. “What the—” She was wearing the same clothing that Shektee had been wearing, which were now loose on her.
“You seem to be having trouble contacting Daemon, so I will resort to other means of determining who I can trust with Mystique’s safety,” Shektee explained as she stepped closer to Bruce.
“Mystique would not like me killing you, so I won’t, but you must pay for your failure,” Shektee stated just before she grabbed Bruce by the neck and dragged him out of his chair. Bruce was too surprised by the violence of the attack to defend himself. Shektee brought him up to her eye level. She allowed her eyes to shift back to their natural state of pure black. Bruce tried to be courageous but was defenseless against Shektee’s kiss.
Shektee drained just a small amount of Bruce’s life energy and all of his memories before dropping him back into his chair. He’d been afraid, but didn’t give in to his fear. He was an exceptional human, she now understood why Mystique was interested in him. Bruce would regain consciousness in an hour or so.
Seven minutes later, Shektee heard the sound of men running. There were at least eight of them, plus two coming down ropes outside. She calmly opened the door to allow them easy access to the room. She did not want to fight, at least not until she had no choice. Daemon had instructed her to only kill bad people and he might consider guards good people. There would be time for hunting later once Mystique was safe. Mystique owed her that much at least, and Daemon would understand she deserved to be compensated for her efforts.
A small ball rolled into the room. Shektee watched it, wondering why they would do that. The ball exploded in a flash of blinding light and ear-piercing noise. Shektee was temporarily blinded by the flash and the noise hurt her ears, but didn’t disorientate her the way it would have a human. The men charged into the room immediately after the stun grenade went off. They were in light body armor with full helms hiding their identity. Shektee held her anger in check and allowed them to grab her. They recognized her as Mystique and two of them started carrying her out of the room. Two more led the way with two covering the rear. The two outside had bounced off the armored windows, which amused Shektee slightly. The last two stayed in the room to secure it or something; she wasn’t sure, and she didn’t care.
The two guards carrying her were not being gentle. They were holding her by her arms and had lifted her just enough so she could barely touch the floor. Instead of going to the elevator, they went for the stairwell. The two in front took the stairs two at a time to extend their lead so they were a floor below while the rear guard waited to be a floor above. The group moved in a professional organized manor, which impressed Shektee.
Within minutes of entering the room, the group had Shektee in a large vehicle, which was flying away. None of the men had talked to Shektee. She could hear sirens moving closer to the school as they flew away. The man seated behind the pilot had a wire connected to the side of his head and appeared to be sleeping. As Shektee watched, the man seemed to wake up. He reached up and unplugged the wire before turning his chair to address Mystique.
“You had us worried. Were you being held at the school all this time?” Major Castleman asked, watching Shektee’s reaction to the questions. He had a gut feeling something was wrong, but he didn’t know what.
“Where are you taking me?” Shektee replied, ignoring his question.
Major Castleman thought for a second before playing a hunch. “Who are you? Mystique would have answered my question or asked about Angelica. She would have assumed we were going to the embassy,” Major Castleman explained as he pulled his pistol, never taking his eyes off Shektee.
Shektee was wondering if any of them would be smart enough to realize she was an imposter. She had purposely given clues that she wasn’t Mystique and only this man had picked up on them. “Please protect me; don’t let him hurt me,” Shektee pleaded to the guards as she smiled at Castleman. All of the men in the transport, including the pilot, turned their weapons on Major Castleman.
Castleman had a lot of experience in combat situations and knew when to surrender. He slowly and carefully lowered his pistol to the deck, allowing one of the guards to pick it up. None of the men relaxed. They knew their commander was lethal, even without his pistol. Shektee looked at the pilot and asked if he would be so kind as to pick up a friend of hers. The pilot was more than willing to do whatever Shektee requested. She gave him a general description of where they were going before turning back to Major Castleman.
“You seem like an intelligent human, so I’ll allow you to keep your free will. You will do as I instruct and you and your men will not be harmed. Do you understand?” Shektee asked. She was not sure how long she could control the group or how far she could push them. She was normally only able to affect a single human, but that was through the dimensional barrier. The fact that the men were predisposed to guarding Mystique was helping. She truly hoped she wouldn’t have to kill them all. Daemon would get upset once he found out.
“Yes, what do you want?” Major Castleman asked suspiciously.
“I want you to put me in contact with Daemon,” Shektee instructed. She had the copilot switch places with her so she could direct the pilot where to go. Major Castleman turned back to his control panel and jacked in. While connected to the communication equipment, he would be able to talk freely with the embassy to let them know what was happening.
Ambassador Quinn was monitoring the operation so he’d known immediately that something was wrong when the transport changed course. The report from Major Castleman confirmed his suspicion that the girl they had picked up was a decoy. The ambassador knew from the recording of Daemon and Angelica’s conversation that Mystique had summoned help. He wanted to test the theory before putting the woman in contact with Daemon.
“Daemon wants to know who’s calling,” Major Castleman said over the speaker in the crew compartment. Shektee looked back and noticed he had the wire again plugged into his head. She decided she really needed to learn more about human technology or magic or whatever they were calling it now.
“Daemon would know who is calling. You have not made the connection and are trying to learn my name. You should have asked instead of trying to deceive me,” Shektee replied, looking at the man slumped over in his chair.
“You give me a kiss,” Shektee said, pointing at the nearest guard. The guard eagerly moved up to kneel next to Shektee and give her a kiss. Shektee took a small portion of the man’s life energy, causing him to collapse unconscious. Major Castleman instantly checked the readout of the man’s vital signs to verify he was still alive. His pulse and breathing were shallow and weak but he was alive.
“That man paid for your attempt at deception and for the information, so I will tell you my name. You may call me Shektee,” Shektee stated, turning back to look where they were. They were getting close to the building she’d left Mystique on.
Ambassador Quinn watched the events unfold in the tactical command center of the embassy. The audio and video pickups in the transport allowed him to see and hear everything that was going on. Shektee was the name of the creature Daemon believed Mystique had summoned. He instructed the woman at the communications control panel to link the phone on the jet to the transport. He also instructed her that he would be joining the conversation. The woman started making the proper connections and in seconds all three were in contact.
“Daemon, a woman by the name of Shektee has commandeered a transport full of guards and has asked to speak with you,” Ambassador Quinn stated initiating the conversation.
“Bleen, did she kill anybody?” Daemon replied, praying the answer was no.
“I have only killed two humans and they met the requirements you gave me. The others are simply injured and will heal within a few hours,” Shektee informed him. “Daemon, Mystique is injured and needs Angelica’s assistance. We are picking her up now. I’ve taken control of the guards, except for their commander, who came for her.”
Daemon let out a sigh of relief. He’d feared Shektee was killing every human she came in contact with. The fact that she’d shown restraint amazed him a little. Angelica was listening to the conversation and was even more amazed than Daemon. “Good. We’re all working together here, so don’t take control of anyone else please,” Daemon instructed.
“Yes, Daemon,” Shektee replied but everyone heard the yes master she meant.
“We are hovering over a factory in the warehouse district. Once we pick up Mystique, we should be back at the embassy in twelve minutes,” Major Castleman interjected.
“Men, I need you to do what your commander tells you to do,” Shektee said to the guards as she stopped projecting any influence on them. Most would continue to do as she asked, but a few were already wondering why they’d sided with her against their commander. It was Castleman’s turn to sigh in relief. He understood she could take control again at any time, but it was a show of cooperation on her part.
“All right. It sounds like the crisis is about over. In an hour or so, everyone will be safely here at the embassy. I’d like to speak with everyone once Angelica has had a chance to tend to the injured, if she would,” Ambassador Quinn informed everyone. Angelica had Daemon reassure the ambassador that she would be happy to heal anyone who needed it.
***
Angelica had only had to treat Mystique when she arrived. The guard was sleeping and Shektee assured her that he would be fine once he woke up. Angelica hadn’t trusted her so she’d check on the man, but found that Shektee had been correct and so she was able to focus on Mystique. The embassy had a small infirmary for minor injuries and the doctor on staff had set up an IV drip for Mystique to replace the fluids she’d lost and flush the drugs out of her system. Shektee had refused to leave her side and watched everyone who came near her until Daemon and Angelica arrived.
Shektee had stepped away when Angelica entered the room. She knew that Angelica didn’t like her and wanted to keep as much distance between them as possible. Daemon followed Angelica into the room. Both went straight to Mystique’s bedside to see for themselves that she was all right. Angelica told Daemon she would be able to heal Mystique without his assistance and asked that he take Shektee into another room. Daemon started to protest, but decided against it; instead he turned toward the door and motioned for Shektee to lead him out.
“Thank you for saving her. I know she summoned you and she owes you a debt. Can you tell me what you’re going to want as payment?” Daemon remembered how Shektee had collected on the debt owed her last time and prayed it wouldn’t be that again. He hadn’t mentioned it to Angelica but he knew she was thinking about it also. Whatever Shektee demanded, the ancient would make sure Mystique paid or he would collect an even greater amount.
“I haven’t taken the time to think about payment. The debt owed is Mystique’s. I would not expect you or Angelica to share in the debt,” Shektee told Daemon, thinking he was worried she would demand something from him or Angelica.
“I know, but with all she has been through I was thinking I could take her place in repaying you,” Daemon suggested apprehensively. The idea of anyone taking the place of another in a debt of this kind when the nature of the payment due had not even been decided amazed Shektee. Daemon was definitely a unique person, or so Shektee thought.
“You’re my true master here. I could not ask you for payment. It is within your right to step in and deny me the right to ask Mystique for payment.” Shektee knew she was risking losing her recompense, but she hadn’t done that much and she’d been able to take two souls so she really wasn’t due anything. The chance to gain favor with Daemon and maybe even the ancient was well worth the risk.
“No. The old guy said if we asked for your help, we would have to pay you for it,” Daemon replied, a little disappointed. He would like nothing more than to tell Shektee to forget the debt, but he knew that would cause even bigger problems in the future.
“Very well. How about the four of us discuss it later? I can see you are concerned and it would do me no good to upset you by demanding what you consider an unfair amount. Hopefully we can come to an agreement that will keep you sister from demanding my death,” Shektee offered with a nod toward the infirmary room.
“Thank you. That would be great. Now what do you know about the people who kidnapped Mystique?” Daemon asked, changing the subject.
“The two captors I killed had been hired by a man they called the Irishman. He’s a member of a criminal organization and they were surprised he would contact them for a job. I can shapeshift into his form so you can see what he looks like if you wish,” Shektee offered.
“Wait a minute. Is answering these questions and stuff adding to the debt?” Daemon asked.
Shektee’s smile confirmed his worst fears. “Of course, anything I do here, even the act of waiting for payment, adds to the debt,” Shektee said with an evil grin of pure joy as Daemon sagged against the wall beside him. The realization of how fast the debt was adding up was almost too much for him.
“Shektee, what did you do to him?” Angelica demanded from the doorway, anger flashing in her eyes.
“I was simply teaching him a lesson in billing,” Shektee responded with the smile still on her face.
“Daemon, you can relax. I am in your service, which means you owe me nothing for the services I provide you. My billable service to Mystique ended when you arrived because I stopped serving her and resumed my role as your servant,” Shektee explained.
“So what do I owe you?” Mystique asked from behind Angelica. She would have preferred to step in front, but Angelica was purposefully making it impossible for her to get by.
“I already told Daemon that I think it will be best for the four of us to sit down and discuss the debt later. I see no benefit in demanding a payment that would strain our relationship,” Shektee told Mystique as she stared at Angelica, making sure Angelica knew who she was really talking to.
“Okay, but for now Ambassador Quinn wants to meet with us,” Angelica stated, reminding everyone of their appointment.
“Angelica, Miss Swansong got hurt pretty badly when they kidnapped me. Do you think you could help her once we’re done with the ambassador?” Mystique asked a little more reluctantly than normal, causing Angelica and Daemon to exchanges glances of concern.
“Sure. Why isn’t she here?” Angelica asked in response.
“I’m not sure. She might be dead; her face was pretty badly damaged,” Mystique replied, the slight sound of shame creeping into her voice.
“I’m sure she’s all right and I will make sure to fix her up good as new,” Angelica tried to reassure Mystique.
“The men that first held her captive raped and drugged her. The drugs caused delusions and feelings of terror,” Shektee explained in response to Daemon’s quizzical look to Angelica. Angelica’s jaw dropped open at the blatant way Shektee described what had happened. Daemon felt his rage boil up and fought to control it. Mystique just started walking away toward the elevator.
“How could you say such a thing?” Angelica demanded of Shektee as she hurried to catch up with Mystique.
“You and Daemon clearly wanted to know what had happened. I simply told you,” Shektee replied confused about why they were upset.
***
The meeting with Ambassador Quinn was held in the situation room instead of in his office. It would allow them access to more information and the meeting would be recorded without anyone’s knowledge except the ambassador and Major Castleman’s. The room had multiple control counsels lining the walls with a large table in the center. A high-tech holographic projector was mounted in the middle, allowing the creation of a three-dimensional image above the table. The current image was from the cameras inside the transport. Major Castleman was explaining what he believed had happened when Angelica and the rest arrived.
Daemon walked in first and went straight to the table. He was fascinated by anything high-tech and wanted a closer look. Shektee and Mystique followed. They stepped to opposite sides of the door and looked around the room. Angelica brought up the rear. She went to stand next to Daemon but was more interested in the two men than the image floating above the table. Daemon was about to say something but was cut off by Mystique.
“Why are the three cameras and two microphones recording us?” she asked ambassador Quinn.
“I told you that she’d notice,” Castleman commented.
“I have to report to my superiors who you are and what you can do. It has become obvious to me that you are not telling the complete story and are capable of manipulating those around you. So I’ve decided to record our conversations for later review when I’m confident that I am free of manipulation,” Ambassador Quinn explained.
“And the woman hiding behind this wall? She is some kind of magi and seeks to affect my mind and dominate my will. Daemon has forbidden me from killing, but if she continues to attack me, I will stop her,” Shektee stated calmly but leaving little doubt about her lethality.
“Ambassador, I would suggest that Lady Donavan stops. I can only control so much of what Shektee does,” Daemon added, hoping Ambassador Quinn would understand how dangerous the situation was.
Ambassador Quinn looked over to where Shektee was staring and instructed Lady Donavan to come in and join them. The lady was more than a little hesitant about entering any room holding Daemon, but she did as instructed. She hadn’t been able to penetrate Shektee’s mental defenses so she had no idea what she really was. Lady Donavan was the only person present who had proper training in the psionic disciplines. Ambassador Quinn would want her input to make his decisions.
A door slid to the side and Lady Donavan stepped into the room. Shektee watched her with amusement as she sidestepped and went to stand near the ambassador. Ambassador Quinn realized that Angelica had positioned herself so Daemon was between herself and Shektee. Mystique seemed to be the only person in the room comfortable with Shektee. Ambassador Quinn had to admit he was feeling a little leery of Shektee for some unknown reason.
“I would like to start this with a discussion of Miss Shektee and how exactly Mystique was able to contact her for help,” Ambassador Quinn stated, trying to get the meeting going.
“Shektee is not human. She is a member of a race that co-inhabits our home planet. Her race is extremely violent and naturally psionic. Daemon saved her life and now she owes him a debt and until it’s paid she does what he asks, mostly,” Angelica explained, trying to stay close to the truth without telling them she was a demon here to eat their souls.
“You’ve never told us where your home planet is or what it’s called,” Ambassador Quinn pointed out.
“We just call it home. I don’t think it’s on any of your star charts. Very rarely a small trade vessel will stop to trade. The wars have kept the population low,” Angelica explained, hoping she would be able to make everything sound plausible.
“Wars?” Major Castleman interjected, wanting more information.
“Yes, my people enjoy killing humans, but we have been trying to let them build up their numbers to make it a more sporting hunt. They like to think of them as wars; it gives them a glimmer of hope,” Shektee replied before Angelica could think of a response.
“You don’t appear that much different than humans,” Ambassador Quinn remarked.
“I have assumed this form to keep from upsetting you. I believe Major Castleman has encountered a member of my species during a voyage through jump space. The fact he survived speaks highly of his luck and skill,” Shektee said, smiling as she watched the color drain from Major Castleman’s face. The memory of what the creature had done to his men haunted him to this day.
“Shektee,” Daemon said, silencing her and causing her to stop smiling.
“How do you know about that?” Major Castleman asked, trying to gain some understanding after so many years. “And how did it get onboard in the middle of jump space?”
“My kind are able to travel to many dimensions. This is one of the very few that is protected from us,” Shektee explained, getting dangerously close to telling them too much.
“You’re a demon,” Lady Donavan blurted out from behind Ambassador Quinn.
“Humans have called us that in the past,” Shektee replied calmly.
“How was Mystique able to summon you?” Ambassador Quinn asked, trying to keep the conversation focused on constructive information.
“Any human can summon us through the barrier. It is a simple process,” Shektee explained purposely vague.
“That’s a lie. Summoning you was far from easy or simple,” Mystique interjected, causing Shektee to chuckle.
“If anyone can do it, then why hasn’t anyone done it that I’ve ever heard of,” Major Castleman inquired.
“Anyone can bring us across the barrier but very few can stop us from going on a killing rampage once we are here,” Shektee explained.
“So what’s stopping you from killing us all right now?” Major Castleman asked, confident that if she truly was of the same species as the creature that attacked him, she could easily kill all of them now.
“I owe Daemon a debt and until it’s repaid I will do as he instructs within reason. He has instructed me to assist Mystique and Angelica if they should ask for it. I am not fully versed on your customs, so some of the things I do may offend you. Please try not to take offense,” Shektee explained, trying to answer a few questions before they were asked.
“What else can you tell us about your species?” Ambassador Quinn asked, unshaken by the strangeness of the topic.
“Everything you ask them to do is going to cost you something. No matter how minor the request, they extract payment for everything, and they don’t charge money,” Daemon stated before Shektee had a chance. “So make sure you’re willing to pay the price before asking her too many questions.”
“What kind of payment do they ask for if not money?” Ambassador Quinn asked Daemon.
“Shektee will probably want the right to kill some people or at least torture them,” Daemon replied knowing it wasn’t exactly true, but hoping it would get the point across. Shektee just smiled when the ambassador looked over at her.
“All right. In that case, what do we know about the kidnapping?” Ambassador Quinn asked, changing the subject.
“Mystique was being held in an abandoned self-storage facility in the warehouse district. Shektee gave us the address. I have informed Detective Montgomery and he has a forensic team working the site now for clues,” Major Castleman informed them a little more comfortable with the new topic.
“The man in charge was called the Irishman by the two guarding Mystique when I arrived,” Shektee told them. The look of concern on Lady Donavan’s face made Shektee realize most of the group was looking at her. “I only expect payment for answering questions I am asked, not for information I chose to share.” These humans are a paranoid bunch, Shektee thought, smiling in response.
“Thank you. Major, do we knew any Irishmen?” Ambassador Quinn asked.
“That is not much to go on. We’ll get a list, but it’s going to be pretty long.” Major Castleman was going to continue, but a gasp from Lady Donavan caused him to look at Shektee. Lady Donavan had not taken her eyes off Shektee since she’d entered the room. The female they’d been calling Shektee was gone. In her place, wearing the same clothing, was a man with pale skin and bright red hair.
“This is the man you are looking for,” Shektee told them in the voice they knew as hers. Everyone stared at Shektee—each person had their own reason, but everyone was looking.
“Well, that makes the search easier,” Major Castleman stated, breaking the silence. A few minutes later, he had the police record for Michael Flanary, a.k.a. the Irishman. Major Castleman read the man’s arrest record and known associates aloud, so Mystique wouldn’t have to struggle to do it. He also cross-referenced the names of the associates. It didn’t take long to find the connection to Lenard Johnson, the head of organized crime on the planet.
“In light of this information, I don’t think it’s safe for you to remain on the planet. I will arrange a ship to take you to New Sydney as soon as possible,” Ambassador Quinn stated, glad he would be able to use this situation to justify sending Angelica to New Sydney.
“What? Why?” Angelica blurted out.
“Mr. Johnson has too many friends; there’s no way we can keep you safe. No matter where you try to hide on this planet, he can get to you. I am guessing that he’s been trying to be subtle about it so far, but with Mystique’s escape he’ll know we’re on to him so he’ll start using more direct methods,” Ambassador Quinn explained.
“He picked the wrong target. I don’t hide.” Daemon said. Just enough of the beast was present to make everyone, including Shektee, uncomfortable.
“Sorry, big boy, but they picked me so it’s my hunt,” Mystique chimed in, getting everyone’s attention. “You have to go with Angelica and make sure she’s safe. I’m staying here and making sure they learn how dangerous it is to come after us.”
“What? You can’t go hunting these men,” Angelica protested, pointing at the long list of names. The room erupted into chaos as everyone started arguing about what to do.
“I can kill them all,” Shektee offered causing everyone to stop talking and look at her.
“You can’t unleash a demon on the city. She’ll kill everyone she comes in contact with until the marshals service gets here and stops her,” Lady Donavan protested.
Mystique found the solution to the argument Angelica was using to stop her from staying. “I’ll stay and work with Shektee. You said it was too dangerous for me to do it alone, so now I won’t be alone.”
Angelica looked from Mystique to Daemon. She could tell that Daemon wanted to stay and hunt the men down himself. But he’d go wherever she went, so if she left the planet he’d be sitting next to her. Daemon was leaving the decision up to her. “Ambassador, what do you think?”
“I can’t be responsible for allowing her to stay. All of you need to go.”
“Mystique, you can’t stay,” Angelica said with a pleading look. Angelica didn’t want Mystique to risk her life. Mystique knew that Angelica could make her want to go with her, but she wasn’t, and that was one of the reasons she like Angelica so much.
“All right. Fine. I’ll run away and hide,” Mystique conceded with disgust.
“Daemon, do you want me to kill these men?” Shektee asked without emotion.
“No, I think we should just figure out your payment and send you home,” Daemon conceded. He dearly wanted to hunt the people who were after Angelica and he didn’t have a problem sending Shektee to do it, but that would cause too much trouble.
“One last question: what involvement does Bruce Montagu have in the kidnapping?” Major Castleman asked Mystique.
“I involved him. He’d been able to contact Daemon in the past and I went to him to have him do it again. He had no knowledge of Mystique’s kidnapping until I told him. When he failed to contact Daemon, I punished him,” Shektee volunteered.
“He’s conscious and demanding to know what happened to Mystique,” Major Castleman informed the group.
“I did no permanent damage and he has already recovered. He deserved much worse for his failure, but I showed restraint,” Shektee explained in protest to Angelica’s accusatory glare. Mystique was interested, but since Bruce had recovered already she saw no reason to get upset. Daemon was thinking about the men hunting Angelica and only cared that Bruce wasn’t one of them.
“I’ll talk to him before we leave, if that’s okay,” Mystique requested.
“From the report, I read it would probably save us the trouble of having him snooping around looking for you. He’s a very determined young man,” Ambassador Quinn pointed out.
***

Chapter 5
Farewell to Friends
After the meeting, Major Castleman had the group flown to the hospital so Mystique could talk to Bruce while Angelica tended to Miss Swansong. Major Castleman had insisted that a minimum of two guards accompany them. He’d wanted to send a full squad, but Angelica had argued that the guards would only disrupt the hospital’s operations while not adding any real benefit. Major Castleman had tried to argue but he finally had to admit his men were not in the same league as Angelica or her three companions.
Their first stop was to see Bruce. Mystique wasn’t planning on being there long. She was just going to let him know that she was safe and that she’d be leaving the planet. When they found his room, a police officer was stationed at the door. He informed them that Bruce had been considered a person of interest in Mystique’s kidnapping. Now that he’d been cleared, the officer was waiting to be relieved by Agrotech security.
Bruce was happy to see Mystique and worried about seeing Shektee. Shektee was back in the form of Selene. Mystique introduced Shektee and apologized for the trouble they’d caused him. She explained that they were being relocated to another planet by the New Sydney government. She wished him well and told him goodbye. Bruce was disappointed to hear that she’d be leaving. He would miss the excitement and adventure she’d brought to his life.
Next they went to Cynthia’s room. Mystique asked the guards to wait outside while Angelica treated Miss Swansong. Angelica and Daemon didn’t understand why Mystique didn’t want the guards in the room, but were not going argue with her about it. Shektee simply followed them around, observing how humans interacted and absorbing the emotional energy of the area.
The doctors had spent hours performing reconstructive surgery on Cynthia’s cheek and jaw. The whole right side of her face was covered in bandages. Mystique knew she should feel sorry for her, but instead she felt angry with herself for not seeing the danger and letting Cynthia get hurt in the first place. Angelica moved to the side of Cynthia’s bed and took her hand. Angelica reached out with her senses and found the damage that had been done.
“Bleen, the doctors have filled her jaw with metal. How am I supposed to fix her now?” Angelica complained as she looked around, hoping for inspiration.
“While you are healing her, have her body treat the metal as a foreign object that must be pushed out,” Shektee suggested.
“No, tried that with Daemon; it causes too much pain,” Angelica explained without thinking about who she was talking to. Daemon winced at the triggered memory.
“I could cut it out while you heal her,” Mystique offered. Angelica looked over at Mystique and realized she was serious. She was willing to cut open the side of Cynthia’s face. At first the idea sounded crazy but as Angelica thought about it she realized it was the best solution.
“Sorry Mystique, but I think Doctor Fitzroy would be better trained to do that. Daemon, can you see if he’s available? I’m going to heal some of the other damage while we wait,” Angelica said as she turned back to Cynthia.
Mystique took the opportunity to pull Shektee into a corner so they could talk. Mystique was the only person other than Daemon who didn’t care that Shektee was a demon. Mystique felt no aversion to her and was confident in her safety around Shektee. Shektee gave Mystique a quizzical look, wanting to know what Mystique was up to but not wanting to attract Angelica’s attention.
Once they were tucked deeply in the corner, Mystique said, “Shektee, I am going to stay and find the man responsible for having me kidnapped and kill him. Angelica’s right that it’s going to be dangerous, so I will understand if you don’t want to help me. But the guy was after Angelica, and running away won’t guarantee her safety. I would like your help.”
“The reasons you want to kill the man are sound but irrelevant. I don’t need a reason to kill, just permission, which Daemon has denied. My view of humans has changed a little during our time working together, so I can see the use of some but most are still nothing but food,” Shektee explained with a smile that let Mystique know how foolish she had been.
“Daemon will give you permission as soon as we convince Angelica to stop arguing against me staying.”
“What about Ambassador Quinn? Won’t he be upset and try to force you to leave? I don’t think Angelica would like us harming him,” Shektee pointed out.
“He mostly just cares about Angelica; as long as she leaves, I don’t think he will get too angry unless we cause him problems while we are hunting,” Mystique explained, making sure it sounded convincing when she had to answer the same question from Angelica.
“So, you will help?”
“Of course. The chance to feed on a few more souls sounds great to me,” Shektee replied with a smile that reminded Mystique why people feared demons.
Now all Mystique had to do was figure out how to convince Angelica. Mystique looked over to find Angelica watching her and Shektee. Angelica walked over to join them. She was not comfortable around Shektee, but she wanted to talk to Mystique.
“So what are you planning? I don’t need any special senses to know you’re not running away,” Angelica calmly demanded.
“No, I’m not. Those bastards raped me because they thought I was going to be one of their whores. Even if they weren’t trying to hurt you, I would hunt them down. They’re forcing girls into prostitution and I am going to kill them for it.” Mystique put more passion into that statement then Angelica had expected.
Angelica stared into Mystique’s eyes, gauging how determined she was. Finally, Angelica released a sigh. “All right. Daemon and I won’t stop you,” Angelica conceded.
“I would like you to stay and help her,” Angelica stated to Shektee, surprising her.
“I will if Daemon will allow it.”
“He will. I’ll make sure of it,” Angelica replied. Angelica left them to their planning and returned to Cynthia’s bedside.
Daemon returned a few minutes later with news that Doctor Fitzroy was on his way. Doctor Fitzroy had the day off but was going to come in because he wanted a chance to speak with Angelica. Daemon wasn’t sure why, but the doctor seemed pretty excited that Angelica was back.
“Daemon, Mystique is going to stay and I want you to have Shektee stay with her,” Angelica told Daemon, stunning him with her abrupt beginning of the discussion. A quick look told Daemon that all three women had already decided on a plan of action.
“I take it we’re still leaving,” Daemon observed, a little irritated. Daemon really didn’t like the idea of running away from a fight, and the fact that Mystique was going to stay and fight made it worse.
“Yes. Ambassador Quinn has been very helpful. We owe him, so we’ll do as he asks. He won’t be happy Mystique is staying, but as long as we leave I think he’ll get over it,” Angelica reasoned.
“Shektee, what are you going to want for payment?” Daemon demanded, letting his anger show a little in the hope that it might cause her to keep the price low.
“In light of my new task, I would ask for training from Angelica. I want her to teach me how to heal humans,” Shektee replied, undisturbed by Daemon’s mood.
“You want what?” Angelica blurted out, convinced she’d heard Shektee wrong.
“Mystique may require healing again and I have no knowledge how to heal others. It’s not a skill my kind would ever think to use,” Shektee explained.
“Okay. How do I teach you?”
“The easiest way is to allow me a kiss. I will be able acquire the information I need from your memories,” Shektee suggested. She didn’t mention that it would also give her much more information about how to manipulate Angelica in the future.
Angelica looked at Daemon for advice and reassurance. She was not sure if she liked the idea of Shektee knowing all of her memories, but it was more important that Shektee learn how to heal. “All right. It doesn’t have to be on the lips, does it?”
“No, anywhere on the body will do,” Shektee stated in a calming tone. She slowly reached for Angelica’s hand. Angelica allowed Shektee to bring her hand up and kiss it. Angelica tensed as Shektee’s lips made contact with her skin. She expected the transfer to be painful, but it wasn’t; in fact, it was very pleasant and a little erotic and then it was over and Shektee was releasing her hand.
“The debt is paid in full,” Shektee stated in a formal manner and voice.
“What about the cost of protecting Mystique and hunting down the criminals?” Daemon asked, cautious of starting a new debt.
“I have seen the list of humans Mystique will be hunting; if I am allowed to feed on half of them, I will be in her debt.”
“I don’t know about feeding and I really don’t want to, but I do want you doing most of the killing. I don’t want Mystique losing any more of her humanity than necessary,” Angelica told Shektee, causing Mystique to turn in protest only to hold her comments. Angelica was just doing what she thought was right, and Mystique wasn’t going to yell at her for it.
The group discussed Mystique’s plan for tracking down the Irishman and his boss. They also made plans for how she would contact the embassy. Killing people, even if they deserved it, was illegal, and the police would be after the murderer. One of their first priorities would be finding a place to live and getting money to live on. Shektee didn’t understand the need for money, but if the others thought it was important she would too.
***
The discussion had continued until a soft knock at the door alerted them that someone was coming in. Doctor Fitzroy had learned during their last meeting that it was not healthy to startle Daemon and Angelica. He slowly opened the door. Doctor Fitzroy was happy to see everyone in a relaxed posture. He had been worried there was some kind of trouble.
“Hello doctor. Thank you for coming,” Angelica told him as she walked over and gave him a quick hug. Daemon nodded from where he was standing, giving the doctor the choice of getting closer. Mystique stood next to Daemon, nodding while Shektee gave him an appraising look that made Doctor Fitzroy feel a little uncomfortable.
“No problem. I was hoping to get a chance to talk with you. Carl is completely cured of his cancer thanks to you.” Doctor Fitzroy would have continued, but Angelica interrupted him with a finger.
“We’re kind of in a hurry and I don’t know how long this is going to take. The doctors implanted a bunch of metal in Miss Swansong’s face and I can’t heal her with it in there. Is there any way you could remove it so I can heal her?” Angelica explained.
Doctor Fitzroy was a little shocked at the idea of having to undo all the work the other doctors had done. He would have to get their permission before operating and he doubted they would give it to him. “I don’t think that would be possible. Miss Swansong’s doctors would have to sign off on it and there is no way they would.”
“I could convince them,” Shektee offered.
“No!” Angelica blurted out instinctively, rejecting Shektee’s offer.
“Thank you, Shektee, but I’ll just have to do it the other way and hope the pain isn’t too much for her,” Angelica explained as she walked back to Cynthia’s bed. Doctor Fitzroy didn’t like the sound of that.
“What are you going to do?” Doctor Fitzroy asked, following Angelica. Daemon could feel the tension rising in the doctor and stepped up behind him. Doctor Fitzroy was a good guy but even good guys can do dumb things. Daemon wasn’t going to allow Dr. Fitzroy to do anything dumb like grab Angelica.
“Shektee, is there anything you can do to reduce the pain she feels?” Angelica asked.
“I will do what I can. At the very least, I can remove her memory of what happens,” Shektee explained, seizing on the opportunity to prove her usefulness to Angelica. Angelica was still the most dangerous person Shektee had to deal with and she was determined to convince Angelica not to hate her.
“You’re psionic also?” Dr. Fitzroy asked, a little amazed at meeting another psionic person.
Angelica started the healing process, which triggered Cynthia to arch her back in pain as the wire and screws holding her jaw together were pushed out through her skin. Shektee picked up Cynthia’s hand and kissed it and instantly the pain was replaced with pleasure. The process took almost ten minute. Angelica could have forced it to go faster, but that would’ve caused more pain and she didn’t know how well Shektee was doing.
Dr. Fitzroy cleaned up the blood from Cynthia’s face and neck, removing the small screws, pins, and wire. Angelica took the seat Mystique had brought over for her and watched as Dr. Fitzroy did his job. When Dr. Fitzroy was finished, Angelica stood up and examined her work. Cynthia’s face looked perfect; even the bruising was gone.
“We should be going. Ambassador Quinn will be waiting for us,” Angelica told the group.
“Angelica, could you try to arrange to take Cynthia with you? I don’t think she’ll be safe here,” Mystique requested, realizing she cared for Cynthia’s safety. Normally she felt so little about others that she never noticed it, but when Angelica was nearby her feelings became stronger and she found she could care about others. It had taken Mystique some time to realize what was happening, but now she’d learned to use the time she had with Angelica to figure out how she felt about the various people she’d met. She’d constructed a mental list of people she thought she might consider friends. It was a short list but at least there were a few names on it, and Cynthia’s was one of them.
“Sure, I’ll ask that she gets assigned as my assistant. They’ve been telling me that I should have one,” Angelica promised.
“Her doctors are going to want to run some tests on her before releasing her. It will be a day or two before she can leave.” Dr. Fitzroy informed them. Daemon looked at Angelica, who gave him the nod.
Daemon stuck his head out the door and asked the embassy guards to get a chair for Cynthia. Inside, Angelica started removing the IV connections and monitoring leads connected to Cynthia. Dr. Fitzroy started to grab for Angelica to stop her but was grabbed from behind and thrown into the chair Angelica had been using. “Have a seat and relax, doc,” Mystique told him.
“Doc. Remember rule number one: nobody touches Angelica without her consent,” Daemon stated, bending over the back of the chair to look Dr. Fitzroy in the face.
“You two leave him alone and help me with Cynthia,” Angelica scolded. Shektee watched with interest as the others moved about. Human interaction was complex and she was going to have to learn how to do it if she was to hunt them without alerting them to her presence.
***
Shektee used her ability to influence people on the guards and the pilot of the transport. They had not wanted to allow her and Mystique to stay behind. Angelica wasn’t happy about it, but she conceded it was the easiest way for them to get away. Angelica and Daemon would explain things to the ambassador; hopefully he wouldn’t be too upset.
Mystique and Shektee climbed into a taxi waiting near the visitors’ entrance and instructed him to take them to her school. The ride took about fifteen minutes. Mystique had decided to pick up a few things from her room. She was not happy about having to quit school, but at least she’d learned some of the basics.
Shektee wasn’t happy about having to wait in the taxi while Mystique went to her room alone. Daemon hadn’t said it, but she knew that if anything were to happen to Mystique she’d be punished. It took Shektee less than a minute to decide to follow Mystique to her room. She took control of the taxi driver and told him to wait.
Mystique didn’t expect anyone to be stupid enough to try and kidnap her from her room the night she was rescued, but decided not to take any chances. She easily climbed the side of the building up to the ledge near her window. A quick peek inside told her someone was waiting. A large man was sitting in her armchair watching a gravball game. Mystique was about to sneak in when the door to her room opened up.
Shektee went straight to Mystique’s room expecting Mystique to be inside packing. She opened the door and walked right in. A man in a long coat was just getting to his feet as Shektee stepped inside. He had a pistol pointed at her so she stopped. She had not heard a shot and saw no sign of Mystique, so where was she? “Where is Mystique?” she demanded.
“I’ll ask the questions. Who are you and why are you here?” Detective Montgomery demanded.
Shektee had enough of the man’s attitude and took control of him. He had a strong will and she could tell he would break free shortly, but not soon enough to save himself. Montgomery immediately holstered his pistol while trying to remember what Shektee had asked.
“Where is Mystique?” Shektee asked again.
“I’m right here. Hello detective, why are you here?” Mystique said as she climbed in through the window. Montgomery just stared at Shektee ignoring Mystique.
“You zapped him, didn’t you?”
“He was pointing a weapon at me.”
“He’s one of the good guys. We shouldn’t hurt him. Can you find out what he’s doing here?” Mystique rambled as she opened her knife cabinet and started packing her knives.
“Detective Montgomery, why are you here?” Shektee asked in a soft voice.
“Ambassador Quinn called and told me Mystique was going after her kidnappers. He asked me to take her into custody and return her to the embassy. He wants her on the ship with her sister when it leaves. I figured she’d be stopping here to collect her things.”
“What do you know about the Irishman, Michael Flanary?” Mystique asked over her shoulder as she packed her clothing into a backpack.
“Answer her question, detective,” Shektee instructed. Shektee knew she could get all of this information with a kiss, but this way she was finding out what information Mystique thought was important. Shektee had many years of experience manipulating humans into committing acts of perversion and violence but none of this kind of interaction.
“The Irishman is Lenard Johnson’s main enforcer and problem solver. If he’s involved, you’re in big trouble. If he’s the one behind Mystique’s kidnapping then she can put him in prison. He’s going to want her dead. Mystique’s only chance is to get off the planet and even then he’ll send guys after her,” Detective Montgomery told Shektee. The subservient look in his eyes was fading and Shektee knew he would break her hold on him very soon.
Shektee bent over and gave the detective a kiss on the forehead. She didn’t take any of his life energy, just his memories. She knew that most of them wouldn’t make any sense but there was always the chance she could learn something valuable. Detective Montgomery smiled with pleasure as Shektee’s kiss brought back memories of good times.
Mystique had finished packing and was waiting near the door. Shektee’s kiss only lasted for a few seconds and then she turned to join Mystique. When she reached the door, Mystique whispered to her, “Why didn’t you knock him out?”
Shektee gave her a look of confusion, prompting her for a better explanation. So Mystique explained, “You know the kiss that renders people unconscious.”
“I do that by taking some of their life energy. You just told me not to hurt him,” Shektee explained.
“I don’t consider that hurting him; hurting someone is when they need a doctor.”
Shektee smiled happily as she went back and gave Detective Montgomery a very passionate kiss on the lips. She took just enough of his life energy to cause him to lose consciousness and at the same time triggered the pleasure center of his brain, making her kiss the most pleasurable experience he’d ever had. Detective Montgomery slumped back in the chair with a smile on his face.
Mystique waited for Shektee to join her and then walked out into the hall. Her attention was drawn to a small object on the ceiling near the end of the hall. She knew instinctively it was a camera and someone was watching her. Whoever it was, they knew she’d seen the camera; it floated down to eye level and quietly flew toward her. Shektee watched, interested.
“I knew you weren’t really going to leave,” came Bruce’s voice from the little drone. “I know you’re going to kick my butt for spying on you, but I wanted to talk to you. I assumed you’d come back for your knives and clothes and stuff. I saw the guy go into your room. Want me to call the police?”
“No, the people I’m after are very dangerous. I want you to stay out of it. If I decide I need your help, I’ll contact you,” Mystique told the little camera.
“Okay. Promise you’ll stay in touch. Life will get boring without you,” Bruce told her before flying the little camera drone down the hall.
“Interesting human. You know he has strong feelings for you,” Shektee observed.
“Yeah, and I think I like him too,” Mystique reflected.
“That makes two people who knew you would come here. Think there is anyone else?” Shektee observed.
“As I understand it, the men after you are the enemy of the man in your room, correct?” Shektee asked, making sure she understood the situation.
“Yes, Detective Montgomery is a policeman. He enforces the law. The other guys are criminals: they break the laws,” Mystique explained. “We’re vigilantes. We’re going to break the law to kill a bunch of criminals. So we’re going to be hunted by both groups.”
“Which group is more powerful?”
“The police, but they have to follow the law, which is why they can’t beat the criminals. The criminals can do whatever they want.”
“Why do the police have to follow the law if they are the most powerful? The most powerful makes the rules that the weaker must follow,” Shektee said confused.
“We don’t have time for this right now,” Mystique replied to cover for her lack of understanding. She wasn’t sure why things worked the way they did. She hadn’t gotten that far in her social studies class.
“Here. Take these down to the taxi while I see if anyone else is waiting for me,” Mystique instructed Shektee as she handed her the backpack she was carrying. Shektee flashed Mystique an annoyed look, which Mystique misinterpreted.
“If I find anyone, I’ll bring him to the taxi for you to feed on,” Mystique promised as she headed off down the hall to the stairs.
Shektee had been annoyed at Mystique for treating her like a servant, but the promise of someone to feed on instantly changed her mind. On the way down to the taxi, Shektee decided the best way to flush out anyone looking for Mystique was to give them a target. She shifted forms in the elevator so that when she exited the building anyone looking saw Mystique. She walked over to the taxi and put the bags in the backseat as the driver hurriedly got out to move them to the trunk. Shektee stepped back, giving the man room to retrieve the bags. As she waited, Shektee took the time to look around at the nearby buildings.
A faint flash of light was all the warning Shektee had before the rifle bullet slammed into her chest. The force of the impact was enough to knock her off her feet, which saved her from the second shot. The bullet hit one of Shektee’s ribs, breaking it, but was also deflected from entering her ribcage. The shock of the sudden pain caused Shektee to shift into her combat form, thick bone plates growing to cover most of her body. Demon bones are denser and stronger than most metals, which meant that only a very powerful weapon or another demon could hurt her.
The taxi driver scrambled around to see if Shektee was alive and frozen in terror. Shektee started to reach for him, but remembered the rules she had to obey. She could only kill the bad guys. Shektee looked back in the direction the shot had come from just in time to see Mystique racing across the road and leaping onto a second-floor ledge. Shektee unfurled her wings and launched herself toward the human on the roof of the building. He’d stood up in amazed horror as he watched Mystique transform from a seventeen-year-old girl into a horrific demon.
The man recovered enough to fire a few shots at Shektee as she flew up to his location. The first shot missed completely and the second punched a hole in her wing. The hole was too small to impact her flying and she was almost on top of her target. Shektee dropped onto the roof where the man had been just seconds before. The sniper had regained enough of his senses to know escape was his only chance of survival. He’d dropped his rifle and was running for the stairwell.
Shektee smiled, enjoying the taste of the man’s fear. A quick leap sent her crashing into the man’s back, tackling him to the ground. The man’s training and experience in hand-to-hand combat were useless against Shektee in her combat form. She added pain to the taste of the man’s energy as she broke a few bones. Shektee succumbed to the excitement and joy of the kill.
Mystique finally reached the roof, climbing up over the edge in time to witness Shektee torturing the man who had shot her. Mystique had hoped to question the man before killing him, but the sight of Shektee in a killing frenzy caused Mystique to hide in fear for her own life. She watched as Shektee finally drained the life out of the poor man, leaving only a mummified husk.
Mystique waited another few moments before stepping out. “Shektee, are you okay?”
Shektee shifted back to the form of Selene before answering, “Yes, his energy replaced what I used to heal myself.”
“I meant are you calm, or should I be running,” Mystique said as she walked over to the corpse.
“It was good of you to hide. I was a little caught up in the moment. I would have tried not to harm you, but I wasn’t thinking very clearly,” Shektee admitted as she watched Mystique’s reaction.
“Well, now everyone is going to think I am some kind of demon. The police are on the way and the taxi is driving off with all my stuff.” Mystique stated, a little annoyed. “Can you follow the taxi and get my stuff back?”
“Yes,” Shektee replied shifting into her natural form with large bat-like wings.
“Thanks. I’ll wait for you on the roof of that building,” Mystique told her as she pointed at an old five-story building a few blocks away.
“All right. Stay safe. I will be punished if you’re injured,” Shektee told Mystique before launching herself into the afternoon sky. Shektee wasn’t as good at obfuscating as Mystique but she was good enough that no one was likely to notice her.
Mystique took a few minutes to search the corpse for anything of value. She also collected his phone and weapon before sneaking over the side. The climb down would be a lot easier than the race up had been. The building had numerous pipes and ledges for her to use. Within minutes, she was on the ground and sneaking up an alleyway toward the rendezvous.
***
Ambassador Quinn was not happy about Mystique and Shektee not returning from the hospital. The idea of them running around killing a bunch of people they thought were criminals was bad, but the political problems it would cause if they got caught would be terrible. If he was lucky, the criminals would win and all he’d have to do is send Angelica a condolence letter.
He had no idea what to think of Shektee. He’d never seen anything affect Major Castleman the way she did. He’d known the man for years and in all that time he’d never seen him nervous, much less scared. It was hard for him to believe that a woman could scare Castleman. Kathrin had told him that he hadn’t seen her true form, but still. The fact that both of them were scared of her forced him to admit that she must be dangerous.
At least Angelica and Daemon were cooperating. They were set to leave in a half-hour. Once Angelica was off planet, she’d no longer be his responsibility. She was a nice enough person and he liked her, but he preferred a quiet, simple post to the high-stress, important jobs. He’d climbed as far up the social ladder as he wanted and anyone involved with Angelica was bound to be involved with all kinds of schemes. A lot of very powerful people would be interested in gaining her assistance with their plans.
Angelica had requested Cynthia go with her, which he had no problem with. Cynthia was looking for a way up the ladder and being around Angelica would give her the opportunity. Angelica had also given her phone to Castleman with instructions that Mystique would call and he was the only person she would speak with. If anyone else answered, Mystique would just hang up. Angelica hadn’t intended for him to find out, but Castleman was loyal and so he’d informed Ambassador Quinn the first chance he got.
Ambassador Quinn’s thoughts were interrupted by a signal from Mrs. Farnsworth informing him that he had a message. Major Castleman wanted him in the situation room as soon as possible. Quinn said a small curse before heading down to find out what the latest problem was. On the way to the situation room, Ambassador Quinn noticed Major Castleman had the embassy guards on high alert.
“What’s the problem?” Ambassador Quinn blurted out as he walked into the situation room.
“Shektee has shown her true form and I thought you might be interested in seeing it,” Major Castleman replied from near the holographic display. A three-dimensional image of Shektee in her combat form filled the viewing area. Most of the personnel assigned to the situation room stared at the image. Ambassador Quinn was annoyed Castleman would bring him all the way here just to see some picture, until he looked at the picture himself.
The image was of Shektee flying. Everything else in the picture had been deleted, leaving just the view of Shektee’s combat form. It had large bat-like wings with a span of at least twenty feet. The soft female body had been replaced with a boney carapace similar to that of a crab, with spikes protruding at various angles and lengths. She still had her flowing black hair, but that was the only thing even closely resembling human. The fingers of her hands were elongated and tipped with what looked like talons. Her eyes resembled pools of oily blackness, but you barely noticed them compared to the gaping maw that was unnaturally large and filled with multiple rows of needle-like teeth.
Ambassador Quinn stood staring at the horror that had been in this vary room earlier that day. He realized now why Major Castleman had reacted the way he had. “Are you sure that’s Shektee?”
“Either her or Mystique, and she’s the one that claimed to be of a race other than human,” Major Castleman answered.
“According to witnesses, a girl standing next to a taxi was shot. Then this thing stands up where the girl had been and flies up to the roof where the shooter was. Police found the remains of a man who looked like he’d been dead for fifty years. The corpse had extensive injures, including multiple broken bones. There was no sign of Mystique or Shektee in the area except for a phone call from Detective Montgomery, who claimed to have spoken to them in Mystique’s dorm room,” Major Castleman explained in detail.
“That thing was standing not ten feet from me and now it’s loose in the city hunting mobsters. Major, I want you to hunt that thing down and kill it before it can be linked back to us,” Ambassador Quinn instructed, his normal calm crushed under the reality of the situation.
“With all due respect, we can’t. A full squad of my best in battle armor might be able to kill it but it would take heavy weapons and that would draw a lot of attention. There’s no subtle way to kill one of those things; you have to hit it hard with something big. And don’t forget that Mystique is running around with it. Between the two of them, we don’t stand a chance.”
Major Castleman was no coward and Ambassador Quinn knew it. If Castleman didn’t think they could win, they probably couldn’t. “How smart is she…it?”
“I have no idea. She seemed intelligent at the meeting and acted like she was smarter than everyone else,” Major Castleman observed.
“Mystique is a sneak, so with luck they’ll know enough to try and stay out of sight. When she contacts you, make sure she understands that if any of her activities are linked back to us I’ll brand her an outlaw.” Ambassador Quinn was uncharacteristically emotional about his instruction. He waited long enough for Major Castleman to nod his understanding before storming out of the room.
Castleman watched the ambassador leave. Castleman, like most of the senior people assigned to this embassy, had chosen it because they’d reached the point in their lives when they just wanted to relax. They’d chosen Nebular 4 because it was quiet and nothing important ever happened here. He understood the ambassador’s situation and empathized with him, but he wasn’t the one who was going to have to fight Shektee. Castleman had a good group of soldiers and they were well-trained, but against those two most if not all of his men would die. He had to figure a way to keep this situation under control.
***
“What the hell happened? I expect better from you. You can’t run a simple kidnapping,” Lenny ranted at Michael. “You have a plan to fix this?”
“The copilot and three of the five guards on the shuttle are working for me. They’ll take over the shuttle and land it outside the city where I have another group waiting to bring Miss Grayson to a secure location,” Michael explained.
“Okay. Let’s see if this works better than your last plan.”
Michael stood silently as Lenny continued to rant about his failure. He was tempted to tell Lenny it was his own fault the operation had gone wrong. If Michael had full control, he wouldn’t have had drug addicts watching Mystique. Michael knew arguing with Lenny wouldn’t do him any good, so he just stood there and listened. He wasn’t sure Lenny would approve of his orders to the guards to kill Mystique if she was on the shuttle, but she had to die before she could testify against him.
***
Daemon led Angelica and Cynthia across the roof to the transport shuttle. The shuttle was a little bit larger than the armored shuttles used around the city. It was triangular-shaped with the nose extending ten feet in front of the wings. A hatch was open and a set of stairs extended out from under the hatch. Daemon had to duck to pass through the hatch, but inside the passenger compartment the ceiling was close to eight feet high. The passenger area was designed for comfort with oversized armchairs lining one side and a bar on the other.
Angelica took a seat in the front of the compartment near the door to the cockpit. Cynthia took a seat next to Angelica, while Daemon moved to the back. The guard detachment moved in and spread out around the compartment while a young lady asked Angelica and Cynthia if they would like anything to eat or drink. Daemon watched each of the guards as they settled in. They were all wearing security armor and were carrying some kind of energy rifle. Daemon had argued with Major Castleman about the guards. He saw no need for a security team to escort them to the ship. The shuttle was going straight to the ship, but Major Castleman had insisted that they have an armed escort. At least Daemon had convinced him not to make them wear the powered armor.
Angelica sat back and relaxed, closing her eyes so the others thought she was going to try and sleep through the trip. Cynthia was a little disappointed; she’d hoped to have a chance to talk with Angelica. She wanted to thank her for healing her and ask that she be assigned as her aide. Mystique had turned out to be a very nice, if not a little cold, girl, but trouble seemed to follow her. Cynthia wasn’t sure what to expect from Angelica, or Daemon for that matter. Now she would have to wait until later to find out what kind of person Angelica was.
Angelica was not sleeping. She had experienced a glimpse of the future and was trying to focus on causing it to happen again, this time with more clarity and length. In the glimpse, everyone except one of the guards was dead or unconscious and it looked like a fight had taken place in the compartment. She’d told Daemon about it, which in itself would change how the fight goes, but was no guaranty they would be safe. She needed to find out what had started the fight and who was involved.
Daemon wanted to stand, but the young lady had insisted he sit for the flight. He’d accepted her offer of a drink and asked for a large glass of beer. She’d retrieved it from a room behind the passenger compartment and then taken a seat next to him at the rear of the compartment. Daemon took a sip while the young lady signaled the pilot they were ready for takeoff. Daemon looked at the guards and noted that three were tensing up. Angelica had told him about her vision and he had a feeling he knew who was going to start the fight. Each of the guards had their rifle lying across their lap, but only the two who were fully relaxed weren’t holding the pistol grip. The other three would have a definite advantage in reaction time. Christine, the stewardess, was relaxed, which meant she wasn’t in on whatever was going to happen, or at least Daemon hoped she wasn’t.
The shuttle lifted off and accelerated upward. The pilot angled the shuttle at a pretty steep pitch until they were well above the city. Once they’d reached a few thousand feet, the pilot decreased both the angle and the rate of acceleration to make the rest of the trip a little more comfortable for the passengers. He’d only been told that the main passenger was a high-value asset who needed to be on the ship immediately. He’d normally switch on the auto pilot and coast up to the ship but something about this run made him stay in manual mode.
The copilot expected the pilot to switch on the auto pilot and waited a few extra minutes. Angelica felt the surge of emotions the copilot felt as he drew the pistol from his ankle holster. She knew the fight was about to start, so she allowed her fear of the unknown to wash over her. Daemon felt Angelica’s sudden burst of fear and knew it was time.
A muffled shot was heard from the cockpit, causing the compartment to erupt into motion. Unfortunately for the three guards, Daemon was already in motion. One of the guards brought his rifle up, aiming in Angelica’s direction, while the other two were bringing theirs to bear on their comrades. They made the mistake of not thinking Daemon couldn’t do much from the back of the compartment. The nearest guard was hit by the large beer glass while the guard getting ready to shoot Angelica caught Daemon’s battle-axe to the side of his head.
The uninjured attacker fired at the guard sitting next to him, burning a hole in the man’s breastplate armor and chest. The attacker who’d been hit by the glass also fired but his shot was delayed a second, giving his target the chance to dive out of the way. The man’s shot burned a hole through the chair. Daemon was out of his chair and charging the nearest attacker. He summoned his axe back into his hand just in time to slice through the man’s torso, spraying guts and gore across the room. The last of the attackers fired at Daemon, but his shock at the death of his two companions slowed his reaction time and threw off his aim. Daemon was able to get his axe in the way of most of the energy bolt. The part that Daemon failed to stop burned a chunk out of his side. Daemon screamed in pain as the beast took control.
The pain would have incapacitated most people, but the beast cared nothing about the pain Daemon’s body felt. It only had one thought: kill. The focus of its attention was the man in armor in front of it. The beast swung with the flat of the axe blade. It was going to kill the man, but it wasn’t going to do it quickly. The man dodged back as expected, but he didn’t back up far enough. The spike protruding between the blades sliced through his armor. The beast didn’t hesitate; it launched itself into the man, tackling him to the ground. The man didn’t stand a chance against the strength and fury of the beast.
Angelica felt the beast enter Daemon and knew she had to do something to stop it. The creature was focused on the guard for now, but once it was done it would move on to the next person until it had killed everyone but her in the compartment. Her only chance of saving the others was to help Daemon regain control. She knew she couldn’t affect Daemon’s emotions, but she could heal him. Angelica focused on healing Daemon’s wound and reducing the pain it was causing. The fact that she had to project her healing at Daemon instead of through physical contact made the process much more difficult.
Cynthia and Christine had both hidden as best they could, hoping if they weren’t a threat the attackers wouldn’t hurt them. Angelica was glad she didn’t have a screaming assistant to deal with. Cowering was good; the beast would save them for last, which left the other guard as its next target. The man had retrieved his rifle and was aiming it at Daemon. Angelica could only pray he didn’t shoot her brother. She wasn’t sure if Daemon could regenerate the amount of damage the energy bolt would do. The fact that the beast would still kill the man was a given.
Daemon knew the others in the compartment were on his side and fought to keep the beast’s attention on the man who it was beating. The pain of his wound was decreasing and he could feel Angelica’s healing energy flowing into him. He used the strength it gave him to push the beast away. Slowly, Daemon regained control and stopped beating the dead man’s corpse.
Angelica decided it was best if Cynthia didn’t see what’d happened so she moved over to where Cynthia was cowering and rubbed her back. Angelica used the contact to drain some of Cynthia’s energy and to increase her fatigue. Cynthia slipped quietly into unconsciousness. Angelica then started to move to Christine to do the same thing, but noticed as she did so that the shuttle was angled wrong. They were descending.
“Daemon, the pilot is taking us down,” Angelica half-yelled to make sure he understood she expected him to somehow stop the pilot.
The guard had lowered his rifle and backed to the rear of the compartment. He stopped long enough to herd Christine back into the galley area. He took up position at the door, bringing his rifle up to the ready position. Angelica could feel his fear, but to his credit he was working through it to do the only thing he could think of.
Daemon was standing at the door to the cockpit thinking about what to do when Angelica reached his side. She’d decided that since the guard had Christine out of sight she should help Daemon. “As soon as I force the door open, he is going to start shooting. I can’t block the shots; they might ricochet back into the control panel. You’re going to have to drop him while I take the hits,” Daemon explained.
“Hold on a sec. I am going to try and slow him down some. Give me to the count of twenty, then go in,” Angelica instructed as she sat down next to the door and started to meditate.
She reached out with her senses and found the copilot. He was nervous but under control. She couldn’t sense the pilot, so she assumed the copilot had killed him. Angelica had learned it was easy to drain the energy from people and normally it made her feel guilty, but not this time. She pushed her ability, taking as much of the man’s life energy as she could. She barely heard Daemon cut through the door.
Daemon counted to twenty and then sliced through the door, cutting the latch and lock away. He then spiked the door and pulled, forcing it to slide back into the wall where it was housed. The copilot was looking at the door in amazement as Daemon came into view. He had just enough time and energy to lift his pistol and fired one round into Daemon’s stomach. It would have been a chest shot on a normal-sized man. Daemon was ready for the pain this time and didn’t lose control; instead he thrust the axe spike into the man’s chest, piercing his left lung and nicking his heart. The man died almost instantly as Daemon twisted the spike.
Angelica heard the pistol shot and hoped Daemon wasn’t hurt too badly. She’d felt the spike of terror in the man and broke her connection to him. She didn’t know what would happen if she was connected to someone when they died and she prayed she’d never find out. Angelica switched her focus back and looked up in time to see Daemon slumping backward against the wall. He used the wall to slow his fall to the floor and landed in the sitting position opposite her. Angelica saw the blood oozing from a fresh hole in Daemon’s shirt.
“Guard, can you fly this thing?” Angelica yelled as she crawled over to get a better look at Daemon’s wound.
“No sir,” the guard responded automatically, not moving from his self-assigned post.
“I can do it,” Daemon told her as he started to climb to his feet. Angelica scrambled to her feet to help. Daemon pulled the copilot out of his seat and passed him back to Angelica. She was not happy about having to hold the corpse, but they were in a hurry. Angelica carried the body back a few feet before dropping it on the floor with a thud. Daemon was in the seat and strapping in when she got back to him.
Angelica knew she wouldn’t be any help to Daemon flying the shuttle but she could heal his wounds. She reached down and rested her hand on his shoulder while he familiarized himself with the controls. Angelica started pouring her energy into healing Daemon. A few minutes later, the major damage was healed. Angelica opened her eyes to see Daemon operating the controls.
“How you doing?”
“We haven’t crashed yet,” Daemon replied with a chuckle. Angelica could feel the tension he was under and wanted to help but she had no idea what she could do.
Angelica had an idea and started unbuckling the pilot. She used a bit more care than Daemon had shown with the copilot as she hauled him out of his seat and back into the passenger compartment. Once the seat was empty, she climbed in and took the headset from its hanger and put it on. “Hello. Can anybody hear me?” Angelica asked into the microphone.
“This is a private channel; identify yourself immediately,” a male voice instructed her.
“This is Angelica Grayson on the New Sydney shuttle. We had some trouble. The pilot and copilot are both dead. We need help flying this thing.” Angelica let a little panic slip into her voice, hoping it would convince whoever she was talking to that they were really in trouble.
“This is Lieutenant Nicholson of the NSN Perth. Are you injured, Miss Grayson?” came a new voice. The new person had a stronger, more authoritative voice. Angelica guessed that one of the ranking officers had taken over the conversation.
“No, but my brother is the closest thing we have to a pilot and he’s never flown a shuttle before. Is there anything you can do?” Angelica replied.
“Yes, is the auto pilot engaged, or is he flying on manual?” Lt. Nicholson asked.
“Manual,” Daemon replied, having put the copilot’s headset on. He’d been so focused on figuring out how to fly he’d forgotten about calling for help.
“Good. I want you to look for an orange-an-red striped box in the middle of the command council between the two pilots. It is an inch wide and three inches long.”
“I see it,” Angelica answered.
“Good. Open it. There is a latch on the bottom. The cover will flip up to reveal a red switch. Push the switch forward, which will allow us to take control of the shuttle and fly you up,” Lt. Nicholson explained. Angelica found the calm strength in his voice reassuring. She reached over and flicked the switch into the up position. The shuttle jerked forward a little and the left side dipped before coming back to level.
“We have you now. You can relax. Are there any injured onboard?”
“Four of the guards are dead and Daemon was shot,” Angelica started to explain.
“Twice!” Daemon exclaimed, breaking into Angelica’s explanation.
“Three of the guards and the copilot tried to hijack the shuttle. They killed the pilot and one of the other guards. Cynthia and the waitress are shaken up but uninjured.”
“Her name’s Christine,” Daemon told Angelica.
“The flight is going to take about seventeen minutes. How bad are your brother’s wounds?”
“He’ll live,” Angelica replied, not wanting to say too much more since she had no idea who was listening.
“I’ll have a trauma teem standing by in the hangar when you land,” Lt. Nicholson informed them. Angelica decided she would like to meet Lt. Nicholson in person. She was really beginning to like the sound of his voice.
***
Mystique stood on the edge of the roof watching the people below. The street lights illuminated the sidewalks well enough for her to make out the faces of anyone that happened to look up. As she stood there, she realized how fitting it was—she felt like an outsider, never really a part of society. Even in a crowded classroom, she felt alone; the others around her had no meaning. From time to time she would find someone useful, but even then she didn’t feel any connection to them. She’d lived that way for as long as she could remember and she’d never realized she was broken.
It’d all changed when she met Angelica. Mystique started to connect to people and understand what it meant to enjoy someone’s company. She really liked Angelica and Daemon. They knew her past and didn’t treat her badly because of it. Daemon made jokes but he never meant any harm. Mystique even thought differently about people she knew when she was around Angelica. She knew that it was probably because of something Angelica was doing to her, but she didn’t care. It allowed her to feel more than indifference and annoyance toward other people.
Mystique’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of gravel moving behind her. Mystique looked around to see Shektee shifting forms into the dark-haired woman she had been using lately. On the ground at her feet were Mystique’s bags, so she went over to retrieve them.
“Any trouble?” Mystique asked as she opened the bag with her clothing and handed Shektee something to wear.
“No, the driver is weak-willed and will do whatever I ask,” Shektee replied as she took the offered clothing and started to get dressed.
“How often do you have to eat, and do you always eat like you did on the other roof?” Mystique asked Shektee calmly.
“I have not had a lot of practice feeding in this dimension. I drink human life energy. All I need to do is get my mouth in contact with skin in order to start drinking. The contact can be as soft as a kiss or as hard as a bite; causing strong emotions during feeding adds flavor like the spices you add to your meals. I want to feed all the time but I understand the need for restraint. I have learned enough control to take only enough energy to render a person unconscious. Why do you ask?”
“I thought it best to know if you were going to enter a feeding frenzy every time you fed. That lead me to wonder how often you need to feed because I also figured that the hungrier you are, the more likely you are to frenzy,” Mystique explained.
“I understand your concern. Do you have requirements you want me to follow about who I feed on and how?” Shektee asked, expecting Mystique to make some foolish demands she would have to obey.
“No, not really. I would appreciate it, if the person had anything to do with forcing girls into prostitution, that you make sure they died screaming,” Mystique replied indifferently.
Shektee was a little surprised at Mystique’s answer. “Are you sure that is what you want?”
“Yes. As far as I’m concerned, whoever has the bad luck of being your dinner is up to you. If you’re waiting for me to tell you no killing innocent people or something like that, I’m not. Life isn’t fair and it doesn’t matter if you’re innocent or not; sometimes it just screws you,” Mystique explained. “And the prostitution part is a personal vendetta thing.”
“Interesting. What about Angelica’s request that I do most of the killing? I noticed your reaction.”
“I thought about that. I don’t need to kill anyone. I just need to be sure they’re dead. You can do most of the killing; just don’t expect me to avoid killing anyone,” Mystique replied, reflectively thinking about her decision.
“I thought it would be agreeable working with you. You are very smart for a human,” Shektee stated meaning to give Mystique a compliment, but instead all she did was remind Mystique that she thought of humans as unintelligent prey.
“The first thing we need is a base to work from. I don’t know about you, but I have to sleep and it would be nice to be able to feel safe while I do. I have some money to rent a place, but that would leave a trail someone could use to find us. Got any ideas?” Mystique asked, changing the subject.
“I am not familiar with many human customs. I’ll need some time to learn how to interact in this society without causing problems. I’m sorry I cannot be of help. As for your first question, I do not sleep the same way you do. I need to meditate to give my mind time to rest, that’s all,” Shektee explained a little annoyed and embarrassed that she had to admit her lack of ability. In her society, weakness or lack of ability, could get you quickly killed or enslaved.
“Are you still aware of what’s going on around you?”
“Yes. Being surprised is normally a fatal mistake.”
“Good, if nothing else, we can stay on one of the rooftops for a few days. Major Castleman said it was best to hold the high ground in any fight,” Mystique said as she walked toward the edge to look at the city skyline. The building they were on was too close to the school. She needed to find something similar in the entertainment district. Prostitutes were a form of entertainment after all, so they should be able to find some there.
“We should head to the entertainment district. The hotels in that area should work until we find a better spot,” Mystique explained before climbing over the edge. Shektee walked over and watched as Mystique skillfully climbed down the building. When she was almost to the bottom, Shektee hopped over the edge and dropped to the ground. Human legs would have shattered with the impact of such a drop but Shektee simply dipped her shoulders a little. Mystique shook her head in amazement at the sight. She hoped nobody else had seen it.
***
Captain Zeler waited patiently for the airtight door to cycle open. The shuttle had landed without incident and was now sitting safely in his boat bay. He had a hard time believing that Ensign Davis had shot Lt. Jg. Philips. What was the man thinking? Even if he’d gotten away with it, his life would be ruined.
The door finally cycled open, allowing him access. Captain Zeler marched out to meet his passengers. He was not happy about being turned into a taxi for some wench that had the ambassador convinced she was important. The only reason he was even here to meet her was the fact that she’d be speaking with the ambassador shortly and he was already going to have to explain Ensign Davis’s actions. That was not a report he was looking forward to giving.
A crewman assigned to the bay was working on opening the shuttle hatch when Captain Zeler arrived. He was still wearing most of his vacuum suit having only taken off his helmet and gloves. The captain observed that the crewman had purchased the upgraded vacuum suit with the reinforced seams and armored plates. The crewman had the stairs out and was cycling the door open, so Captain Zeler dropped into parade rest to wait.
Inside, Daemon could feel the slight aggression coming from whoever was standing outside the door. He told the guard to stay back and protect the girls while he went out to make sure everything was safe. The guard started to protest but a look from Daemon made him change his mind. As the door finished unsealing, it slid to the side. Daemon stepped out into the boat bay and looked around. The sight of Daemon covered in blood and smelling of burnt flesh made the crewman gasp.
“I am Captain Zeler. Welcome aboard,” Captain Zeler stated formally.
Daemon looked down at the captain, realizing he was the aggressor. “Thank you. Sorry for my appearance; we had some trouble,” Daemon said, deciding it would be best to be apologetic. “I am Daemon Grayson.”
Daemon started down the step as Angelica, sensing nothing was wrong, came up behind him. Ted, the surviving guard, carried Cynthia while Christine followed. Captain Zeler watched as the group exited, moving into a line facing him. The medics moved forward as soon as they saw Ted carrying someone. They had him place her on a grav stretcher.
“My report stated that you were seriously injured?” Captain Zeler said, looking from Cynthia to Daemon, clearly expecting an explanation of why his report was wrong.
“Cynthia’s fine. She fainted during the disturbance,” Angelica explained. “Daemon regenerates so his wounds are already fully healed. The rest of us are a little shaken up but we’re not wounded.”
“Very well. I would like you to go to medical and be checked out just to be sure. Once they clear you, I’d like a full report of what happened.” The last part of the statement was clearly intended for Ted.
“I will inform Ambassador Quinn that you have arrived safely,” Captain Zeler told Angelica, hoping she wouldn’t insist on talking to Ambassador Quinn herself. He fully expected her to and to complain about the lack of security on the shuttle. To Captain Zeler’s surprise, Angelica politely thanked him before following the medics out of the boat bay.
***

Chapter 6
The Hunt Begins
Mystique and Shektee found that the entertainment district became dirtier with more vagrants the closer they got to the spaceport. They’d gotten another taxi and had been dropped off in the center of a group of nightclubs. Shektee had wanted to go into one. She’d spent many nights on the other side of the dimensional barrier absorbing the emotional energy people gave off in the nightclubs and wanted to see what it was like on this side of the barrier. Mystique had argued that they needed to find a place to stay. Shektee’d finally conceded and the two of them had walked away from the lights of the city.
As Mystique had guessed, the farther from the lights they got, the more street vermin appeared. The pair didn’t have to go, but a few blocks before the only people on the street were cheap prostitutes and vagrants. Mystique was trying not to get anyone’s attention. Shektee, on the other hand, drew attention like a magnet. A number of the hookers whistled, while others yelled at her to get lost. One made the mistake of threatening to get physical. Mystique had to stop Shektee from killing the woman. She didn’t think it would be good to leave a trail of corpses.
A few more blocks and even the prostitutes stopped hanging around. Mystique decided they had gone far enough and started looking for a good building to call home for the next few nights. Most of the buildings were small warehouses or factories. Mystique picked the tallest in the area and looked for the best way to climb it. It didn’t take her long to start scaling a storm drain. Shektee thought about growing a pair of wings, but decided it would be a waste of energy, so instead she climbed up after Mystique.
Once on the roof, the pair walked around checking to see what was there. The building was six stories tall, two stories taller than the ones surrounding it. It was a rather large building and the roof had a number of small sheds and pieces of machinery spread about. The center was fenced off to keep people from accidently getting too close to a large dish antenna.
Shektee pointed to a small sign in a window at street level that read “Cathleen’s All-Seeing Eye”. The building it was in was three stories tall and looked to have four stores lining the street on the first floor. The second and third floors appeared to be apartments. The building looked old and needed some repairs. “That place has a magical aura,” Shektee informed Mystique.
“What do you mean?”
“The owner is trained in the use of the language I taught you to use to summon me,” Shektee replied. Shektee shifted forms into the classic bat-winged, claw-footed succubus. She didn’t take the time to explain what she was doing; instead, she jumped off the side of the building and flew down toward the building with the window.
Shektee was not sure what to expect. She had seen the writing before, but she needed a closer look to figure out what they were designed to do. She found out the hard way when she crashed into an invisible wall of magical energy. Some of the energy was released into her during her brief contact. Mystique watched as Shektee slammed into something invisible that caused sparks of pure energy to shoot off in all directions. At least one of the energy bolts seemed to crawl over Shektee’s body as she was flung backward.
Mystique was over the edge and climbing down as fast as she dared. Shektee had crashed in a heap in the middle of the road and was not moving. Mystique descent took just a few minutes as she recklessly dropped from ledge to ledge, barely holding on long enough to slow herself. Mystique dropped the final twenty feet in a single jump and landed in a roll. She came up out of the roll running. No one was on the street except Shektee. A light had come on in the window and Mystique caught a glimpse of movement. She raced to where Shektee still lay, unmoving.
Mystique didn’t take time to check Shektee for wounds or even whether she was alive. She grabbed her by the wrists and started dragging her back across the road. The door next to the window started to open, so Mystique let go with one arm and grabbed a throwing spike. She only needed a few more seconds to get to the far alleyway, so instead of waiting for a target she threw the spike as hard as she could. The spike drove deep into the door. Whoever was opening the door reconsidered and slammed it shut.
Mystique got Shektee back into the alleyway and rolled her on her back. She’d transformed into her true form, so Mystique didn’t have to deal with her wings. A quick check told Mystique that she was alive and had no visible wounds. Mystique wasn’t sure how long Shektee would be unconscious or what her reaction would be once she woke up, so she backed away to think and wait.
Shektee woke with a start, flailing her arms to ward off an attack that was not happening. She quickly calmed down and looked around. Her initial glance had missed Mystique, but when she looked more closely she spotted her hiding about twenty feet down the alley. When Shektee didn’t attack, Mystique broke cover and started walking toward her.
“What happened? What was that?” Mystique asked as she got close enough for Shektee to hear her whisper.
“That was a warding, a magical barrier designed to keep my kind out. Whoever created it is either powerful or well-trained,” Shektee replied, standing up. She was still weak and a little unsteady, but she would recover.
“Why one or the other?” Mystique asked, picking up on the distinction between the two.
“Either could make a barrier that powerful, but someone both powerful and well-trained would have created a ward strong enough to send me back across the planar barrier. We should look into whoever created that barrier,” Shektee explained. She was now fully recovered.
“Why? I mean, why don’t we just leave them alone or kill them?” Mystique asked a little confused and annoyed with herself for not understanding.
“What I call magical energy is given off by every living thing. There are two ways I know of to control it and to make it do what you want. The first is through force of will and innate ability, like your obfuscate or Angelica’s healing. You draw on the energy around you and in you to create the effect you want. The second is to use the language of power. It was created by beings so powerful that the very words they spoke could change the flow of magic and make it do what they wanted. The knowledge of their language and how to use it is very precious. Even the ancient would find value in gaining knowledge of it,” Shektee explained. She knew the person that had created the barrier would never give her anything useful, but Mystique had a chance. She needed Mystique to understand how important it was that she obtained any knowledge she could of the language of power.
“I thought you already knew how to use it? You do so many different things.”
“I know just a few simple phases or spells. Most of the things I do are abilities like yours. Every member of my race is born with the knowledge of the phrase used to summon them. I purchased a phrase that will allow me to take control of a human’s action for a short time. It’s strong enough for me to be able to affect humans on the other side of the barrier. It cost me all the energy I’d collected over twenty of your years, or roughly four souls.”
“Wait a minute. That means it takes you roughly five years to collect the same energy that you get from killing one person?” Mystique was a bit amazed at the realization. “No wonder you are so willing to help me kill people.”
“I told you before, everything I choose to do, I do to gain power and improve my survivability. Now you begin to understand the value placed on knowledge of the language of power. Three words cost me twenty years of work and that was just how to speak them properly. The knowledge of how to write it is even more valuable.”
“You mentioned the ancient. You’re hoping to learn something you can trade for your freedom,” Mystique observed, proud of herself for figuring out Shektee’s true goal.
“I wish, but once you are in the service of an ancient, the only way to end it is to die. I hope to serve it for a very long time. My goal is to gain favor from it that could keep me alive when it would normally kill me, or it may reward me with a new ability or enchanted item. The ancient we are serving is very wise and generous. I believe he will give me a suitable reward.”
“I get it. I’ll try to come up with a way to find out who created the ward.” The conversation had touched on a topic Mystique really didn’t want to think about. She had no intention of being anyone or any thing’s servant.
“I’m going back up on the roof to get some sleep. Why don’t you go practice feeding on people without killing them, and if you can keep them from remembering what happened that would be helpful.”
“Very well. I will return shortly,” Shektee said before transforming into her winged version and flying off, eager for the chance to feed, even if she couldn’t kill her prey.
***
The next morning Mystique woke stiff and sore from sleeping on the cold roof. Shektee was sitting nearby with her back to some piece of machinery. Mystique slowly stood up and stretched. She realized she’d gotten used to the comfort of a nice bed. They were going to have to find someplace better today she decided.
“How did it go last night?”
“I fed well and as requested no one died and none will remember what happened,” Shektee replied as she stood up.
“What are we going to do today?”
“I was thinking that you could change your appearance to look like you did on the ship and rent a hotel room. You could use the mind control trick to get the desk clerk to check us in without checking our identification. I’ll play the part of your younger sister.”
“If you think that is best. Will you be allowing me to feed again like I did last night?” Shektee asked hoping the answer was yes.
“Sure. Nobody’s dead and no alarms are going off, so I don’t think even Angelica would be able to deny you the right to eat. I don’t think she’d be happy, but she wouldn’t stop you. As long as we aren’t doing something else, you should be able to hunt for at least a few hours every night,” Mystique replied, guessing that Shektee would be pleased with the answer; from the smile on her face, she was.
“I figure we stay in the hotel a week or so and let people forget about us. Then we can go talk to a few of the prostitutes to find their handler. The first guys who were guarding me thought I was going to be one of their prostitutes, so Lenny must be connected to them in some way,” Mystique explained as she collected her stuff and got ready to climb down.
“How do you plan to choose the hotel we will stay at?” Shektee asked, walking up beside Mystique.
“I’m not sure. Got any suggestions?”
“Yes. Bruce seems resourceful and loyal to you. I think we should get his help. You clearly do not know how to proceed and I know even less. I am very confident that we can easily kill anyone on this planet, but that won’t help us disappear or find the humans we are after. Bruce has proven to be a knowledgeable human. I think he could be of assistance.”
“True, but I made his mom a promise that I would leave him alone.”
“Will I didn’t, and his assistance may save the lives of a few innocent humans. I really do not care how many humans we kill but Angelica will. How about I ask for his help and if he refuses than we’ll have to figure it out ourselves?” Shektee suggested.
Mystique wanted time to think so instead of answering she flipped over the ledge and started climbing down. She took her time, carefully dropping from ledge to ledge. She was in no hurry to reach the ground and continue the conversation. She knew she cared about Bruce, she remembered that she had feelings for him, but without Angelica she just couldn’t bring them to life. When she finally reached the ground, she decided she would ask him. She knew she might regret it in the future, but for now he could be a big help.
They walked out of the alley onto one of the main roads heading into the city. It was close to six and the road was filled with morning traffic. They turned left, away from the spaceport, back toward the entertainment district. Shektee took a long look at Cathleen’s before following Mystique. Most of the vehicles heading into the city were small delivery trucks and vans. A large number of the drivers honked or whistled at Shektee as they passed.
Mystique checked the time and figured Bruce wouldn’t be awake yet. She led Shektee into a small diner, where she took a seat in a booth. When the waitress arrived, Mystique ordered them both a meat lover’s omelet and tea. The diner was almost full with only a few of the booths empty.
Shektee sat back and felt for the emotional energy in the room. The activity level was high but emotionally most of the people were calm, so the energy level was pretty low. She would not be able to siphon off much energy. She did notice a few of the men were feeling a little aroused. She made eye contact with one of them, which was difficult since he wasn’t looking at her face.
The man and his friend walked over to their table and sat down. Mystique was about to kidney punch the guy who sat next to her when Shektee tapped her on the shin. A quick glance told her that Shektee wanted her to be nice. Mystique had flashes of memories involving her mother and her visitors. These men wanted one thing and she would kill them before she gave it to them.
“Morning, ladies. I hope you don’t mind us joining you? My name’s Ed and this here’s Frank.”
“We don’t mind at all having a couple of big, rugged men sitting with us to keep the riffraff away. Are you two heading to work?” Shektee asked in a sweet, inviting voice that made Mystique want to vomit.
“Nah. We work the night shift. We just stopped in for a quick bite before heading home. I haven’t seen you two in here before. I would’ve remembered beautiful women like you,” Ed said, trying to be charming.
“We just stopped in for a bite to eat and a phone. Do you have a phone I could have?” Shektee replied, adding a little magical charm to the request. Mystique heard the change in her voice and looked up to pay more attention to what was going on. Shektee was looking from one man to the other, making sure they were both under her control.
“Here. Take mine,” Ed replied, pulling his phone out; but before he could hand it to Shektee, Frank slapped it away and offered her his phone instead.
Shektee grabbed the offered phone before looking at Ed and saying, “I guess Frank wants me more, so you’ll just have to kill him if you want me.”
It was Mystique’s turn to kick Shektee in the shin. Shektee looked at her and gave an exasperated sigh, putting a hand on Ed’s arm before he attacked his friend. “On second thought, I think it would be better if the two of you kissed and made up. Now run along home. Practice on each other everything you want to do with me,” Shektee instructed in the same compellingly sexy voice.
Ed and Frank climbed out of the booth and practically ran from the diner. Mystique stared at Shektee, trying to figure out why she’d done as she had to the two men. They were annoying, but there was no reason for her to play with them. “Why’d you do that?” she finally asked.
“Amusement. And we needed a phone to contact Bruce,” Shektee explained as she started to eat her omelet. She found the taste interesting and enjoyable. “What do you care? You were going to kill Frank for sitting next to you.”
“I was just wondering why you would waste the energy,” Mystique told her as she went back to eating her own omelet.
“Manipulating humans like that and then siphoning the emotional energy they create is how I’ve fed for centuries. It’s habit now and I’m learning to see the humor in twisting their emotions,” Shektee explained.
“Okay. Just try not to cause a commotion everywhere we go. We’re trying not to be noticed,” Mystique scolded Shektee as she took the phone.
The two finished their breakfast in silence. Mystique sent Bruce a text message asking him to call her at this number. She’d decided it would be best for her to ask Bruce for help. The phone was sitting on the table so they would both know when it rang. Mystique was sipping her tea when it finally did. She set down her cup and picked up the phone. The display showed an unknown caller identity. Mystique answered, hoping it was Bruce.
“Mystique?” Bruce asked, unsure what was going on.
“Yes. I would like your help. I understand and will not be upset with you if you refuse, but you might save a few innocent lives.”
“What, yeah, I’ll help. What kind of trouble are you in? Where are you?” Bruce started to ramble, then stopped abruptly. He really wanted answers but realized Mystique wasn’t going to tell him anything until she was ready, and then she was only going to tell him part of the story. Asking her a bunch of questions was only going to annoy her.
“Shektee will meet you in your dorm room after class. She’s your dinner date and will bring you to me,” Mystique instructed.
“Okay. Should I bring anything?” Bruce asked, not thrilled about having to be alone with Shektee; she gave him the creeps.
“Your computer and try not to upset Shektee because she’s not as forgiving as I am,” Mystique suggested before ending the connection.
“Now what?” Shektee asked, bored with sitting around. The closeness of so much prey and the temptation to feed was starting to wear on her.
“I’m not sure. We should hide and wait until it’s time to meet Bruce, but I don’t feel like hiding. I know what you want to do but there’re too many witnesses,” Mystique replied before finishing her tea. “For now let’s just walk around and see what we can find. Later we’ll go meet Bruce.”
***
The girls spent the day wandering the streets of the entertainment district. Mystique was trying not to be noticed so she found herself having to dodge other pedestrians. Shektee, on the other hand, was getting a lot of attention. Every guy who walked by and some of the women stared at her, fantasizing about her. She enjoyed the attention and smiled at those giving off the most lustful energy.
Mystique stopped at a few clothing stores to buy Shektee some outfits of her own. On a whim they went into an adult fetish store and Shektee found she liked most of the outfits she saw. Mystique had guessed she’d like the slutty look and this was the perfect place for them to pick her up something to wear. They’d decided to have Shektee pose as a prostitute and see who showed up. Mystique’s mother had told her about pimps, and she figured at least one would show up to take ownership of Shektee.
Shektee’d suggested Mystique pick up a few outfits of her own but Mystique got upset at the thought of looking like a prostitute. Shektee didn’t push the issue but decided to talk to Mystique about it later. The fact that Mystique didn’t buy anything just allowed Shektee to buy more. When it came time to pay, she learned a valuable lesson about money.
Shektee knew about money and understood how it worked, but she wasn’t sure of its value. In her society the strong tended to take what they wanted, and trade only happened between those close to the same power level. Mystique had explained that the police would help weaker humans, so you needed to purchase items or risk being hunted by the police. Shektee wasn’t really worried about being hunted by any human but Mystique didn’t want the extra attention. Shektee was starting to understand why Mystique used her obfuscate ability so much; it was part of her personality. Mystique simply didn’t want anyone to notice her.
They were using the money Mystique had kept in her room and it wasn’t going to last long. Money had two forms from what Shektee could tell: one was a small computer chip; the other a collection of coins, some metal while others were plastic. Mystique explained that the plastic coins had amounts stamped on them to let everyone know how much they were worth. A small electronic chip imbedded in the plastic coins was used to stop counterfeiters. Mystique was not sure but she’d heard the punishment for counterfeiting was death or life in prison. The metal coins were made of gold and silver and their valve was determined by their weight. Mystique had started with a few gold coins and a handful of silver. All of the gold was gone and only a few of the silver remained. Mystique was hoping to get some money from Bruce.
The computer chip was used as identification. It had the person’s medical, education, financial, and criminal history in its memory. A special computer code was required to change any of the information on the chip and only authorized people who were allowed access to the code. Mystique had one of the chips, but she told Shektee that people could track its use. They were going to have to try and find someone to forge one for Shektee and a new one for Mystique. Mystique didn’t know how to get in touch with Names, the man who’d forged her first chip, and she wasn’t sure if he was working for Lenny and the Irishman or not. They were going to have to do without for now and see what came up.
They were in the middle of crossing Bernard Street when Shektee stopped. She stood very still with her head slightly cocked, as if listening for something. Mystique had to pull her out of the path of the oncoming traffic that showed no signs of slowing down. After a few minutes, Shektee regained her senses.
“Daemon is no longer on this plane of existence. He is on my home plane.”
“That means the ship they’re on has jumped. It’s just you and me now. Daemon would never know if you killed me and went off hunting on your own,” Mystique half-joked, wondering if that was what Shektee would do.
“Tempting, but you’ve proven to be too useful to kill without a reason,” Shektee replied with a mischievous smile. She didn’t add that the ancient would know and probably punish her; no need volunteer any information Mystique could use against her.
“So, are you ready—” Mystique stopped midsentence as a man in a business suit walked up to them. He was in his late twenties, with brown hair and brown eyes. The look he was giving her irritated Mystique. He was a few inches taller than she was and was a little overweight. Over all, he wasn’t a bad-looking guy.
“Afternoon, ladies. I was wondering if you wanted to entertain at a party in my apartment,” he asked with a smile.
“Sure. It’s going to cost you a hundred credits for me. My sister doesn’t entertain,” Shektee said before Mystique could say anything.
“No problem. She’s a little young for me anyway.”
“So what’s your name, party boy?” Shektee asked as she slid up next to the man and hugged his arm.
“You can call me John,” John replied as he started walking them to a car. At the car, John opened the front passenger door for Shektee and the rear door for Mystique. He closed the doors once they were in and settled. Running around the car, John climbed in behind the wheel and sped off.
Mystique started to feel tired and relaxed back into the seat. She hadn’t realized how much walking they’d done and now that she was sitting down she felt the soreness in her feet. Shektee leaned her head back on the rest, assuming the drug in the air was meant to render them unconscious. Shektee played the victim and hoped Mystique would also play along.
Mystique realized she was being drugged too late to stop the effects. John had been watching her more closely than Shektee, since Shektee seemed to have succumbed to the drug. He tapped a button with his foot, causing a pane of armored glass to slide up from the front seat separating Mystique from her target. Even in her drugged condition, Mystique was able to throw only one of her spikes into John’s neck before the glass was fully in place. Unfortunately, Mystique was already weakened by the poison so the spike didn’t penetrate deeply. John ignored the sudden pain as he focused on shooting Shektee with the auto injector he’d pulled from under his seat. Shektee fumbled her arms, acting like she was trying to fend him off, and allowed him to inject her.
Mystique felt the adrenaline rush clearing away the effects of the drug. She couldn’t believe Shektee had allowed this man to kidnap them. Mystique skipped right over anger and became enraged. She pulled both of her fighting knives and started slicing and stabbing at first the glass divider then the car seat. She was determined to escape.
John watched through the rearview mirror as Mystique went berserk, tearing apart his backseat. He was going to have to replace the seat area. He had girls struggle to get free before, but this one was crazy. He was going to have to electrocute her if she didn’t calm down. He hated to waste such a nice piece of meat but at least the electric shock would tenderize her a bit. John was about to hit the button when he felt a sharp pain under his jaw.
Shektee realized once Mystique went berserk that she’d made a mistake. She’d seen trapped creatures tear themselves apart trying to get free and knew that Mystique would do the same. She had to stop this. John was so intent on watching Mystique he didn’t even realize that Shektee had changed forms until she put one of her fingernails to his jaw. She used her clawed finger to turn John’s head so he was looking at her. When he finally saw Shektee’s true form, John slammed on the brakes and tried to push himself through the driver’s door to escape.
“Calm down and stop the car carefully,” Shektee instructed in a voice she used to instill fear in her prey. John’s will was no match for Shektee’s, so he immediately calmed down and pulled the car over to the curb and stopped.
“Good. Now open the back door and let Mystique out.” Shektee knew there was a good chance that Mystique would kill him the first chance she got. Mystique had calmed down a little and was now watching what was going on in the front seat. Shektee could tell that the drug was taking effect on Mystique again and she’d be unconscious shortly. John did as instructed and opened the back door to allow Mystique to get out. Mystique had to force herself to move. She felt so tired and drained of energy that she had a hard time keeping her eyes open, much less move her body.
Shektee found that her door handle was not working and that she couldn’t open her door from the inside. She thought about forcing it open but decided to climb out the driver’s door. She shifted forms again while she maneuvered across the seat and out into the road. A passing truck honked his horn at her. John stood next to the rear door, waiting for further instructions. Mystique had her legs out of the car but was still sitting on the backseat. She had her head between her legs and Shektee was not sure if she was conscious.
More trucks drove by, barely missing the car doors. Shektee decided to move Mystique to the sidewalk. John followed her, still awaiting instructions. Mystique was still conscious but only by sheer force of will. Shektee checked her and made sure she was not injured before turning to John.
“Why are you not affected by the poison?” Shektee demanded.
“I took the antidote before turning on the gas valve. It makes me immune to the effects for four hours,” John explained.
“Give some to Mystique now!” Shektee ordered, causing John to wince at the brutality in her voice. John immediately opened the trunk and pulled out an auto injector. He quickly moved over to Mystique and gave her a shot in the thigh. Mystique showed no reaction to the sudden pain in her leg.
“The antidote will clear the drug out of her system in a few minutes,” John explained, turning to Shektee. Shektee stood, supporting Mystique as the antidote took effect. The fog began to clear from Mystique’s mind. She realized she was outside the car and that Shektee was holding her.
“I thought you were drugged,” Mystique slurred.
“I was acting. I felt John’s malice and wanted to see what he was planning to do with us. I would not have let him hurt you,” Shektee explained calmly.
“Thanks for letting me know,” Mystique replied sarcastically, the words sounding more clear.
“I regenerate too quickly for most drugs and toxins to have any significant effect. The antidote John gave you will make you immune for a few hours. I think wherever he was taking us will be hidden and we may have a use for it.”
“All right. Have him take us there,” Mystique instructed as she opened the rear door and climbed back into the car.
“John, you were taking us someplace before we pulled over. I want you to finish taking us there and show us around,” Shektee instructed John in her sexiest voice. John ran to the car to open her door. He stood holding the door as Shektee climbed in. John closed her door and ran around before getting in his side. He barely looked for traffic as he pulled the car away from the curb and accelerated down the road.
Fifteen minutes later John was pulling into the parking lot of a small warehouse-looking building. The building didn’t look like it was used and most of the doors were showing signs of rust. It had two cargo bay doors and ramps to lower the trucks so that their beds would be level with the building floor. Two more doors were extra wide and looked like they were designed for the trucks to pull into. A single pedestrian door was at the front. Its windows were covered with old plywood.
John pushed a button mounted near his door and the last of the four loading bay doors started to open. John carefully pulled in, triggering the button again to close the door. The lights inside came on automatically and revealed piles of old boxes and moving equipment. At the far end, near the front of the building, Mystique could see a door leading to the office area. A couple of large thick doors hung open, allowing access to another room.
John got out of the car and moved to open Shektee’s door. Mystique tried to open hers and found that the inside handle was not connected. She waited while John opened first Shektee’s door and then hers. John explained that the building had been a small meatpacking plant. The area they were in was the loading docks. He lead them through one of the large doors into an approximate thirty-by-sixty room filled with tables and saws. Each table had a rack of butcher knives and a large band saw stationed next to it. John explained that the butchers cut up the carcasses and packed the meat in this room. He led them to a large door in the back. John pushed on an electrical outlet mounted to a table near the door and Mystique heard a soft metallic click. John grabbed the door and slid it open just enough for him to fit through.
John stepped through the opening and into the room beyond. Shektee followed him while Mystique wondered what he was hiding. As she stepped up to the entrance, the smell of blood and sex told her she was not going to like what she found inside.
“This is my playroom where I bring my toys. My last toy broke and I was on my way back from disposing of it when I saw you two. It’s much more fun when I have two toys to play with,” John was explaining when Mystique stepped in. She looked around and saw pretty much what she’d expected. The room was roughly thirty square feet and filled with a wide variety of bondage racks, tables, and chairs. Fresh blood was still drying on one of the tables. Carts covered with a sickening array of torture equipment were scattered around the room.
A small section in the back of the room looked out of place. A queen-size bed, couch, and dining table were arranged as if they were in a small apartment. Mystique ignored Shektee and John as he was explaining to her how he liked to play with his toys. Mystique instead went to investigate the apartment area. She found a small kitchenette with a refrigerator, stove, and a few cabinets stocked with food. It appeared John was set up to stay here for a while.
“Shektee, you have my permission to kill him any time you feel like it, and make sure it’s painful,” Mystique called over to her. Shektee had John strapped to one of the tables, so she leaned down and gave him a kiss. She used the connection to trigger John’s neural system into transmitting pain signals to his brain. The sudden shock of intense pain caused John to scream as he passed out. Shektee drank just a small amount of his life energy. She planned to make this last at least a few days or until Mystique told her to finish him.
“We’re going to need more money, correct?” Shektee asked as she walked over to Mystique.
“Yes. I was planning on getting some from Bruce. Why?”
“I could have John give us all of his money and valuables before killing him. I mean the car and this building have to be worth something,” Shektee suggested.
“That’s a good idea. We just have to figure out how to do it,” Mystique replied as her mind started working the new problem.
“Is this room uncomfortable for you? We do not have to stay if it is,” Shektee asked, wondering how Mystique felt about her torturing John.
“Torturing people is not something I am interested in. I was going to check the front office and see if there’s a suitable place to sleep there. You can stay in here and entertain yourself,” Mystique said as she started toward the exit. Shektee followed her.
“You are giving me permission to torture him before I kill him?” Shektee asked, wanting to make sure they were clear on what she was allowed to do.
Mystique stopped and turned to Shektee. “I may not like to torture people, but anyone I let you bring in here will deserve whatever you do to them. I have an idea about what you’re going to do. Daemon told you there were a lot of evil people and he asked that you try to only feed on them. The people I send in here have earned what you do to them. If Angelica or Daemon finds out and has a problem with what happens here, tell them it was my decision,” Mystique explained to Shektee in a voice that left no doubt about Mystique’s understanding and conviction. She knew the torment Shektee’s victims were going to endure, and she was ready to take responsibility for sending them here to face it.
“Let’s go check the office area. Even if we don’t stay here, you’re going to want someplace to rest and think,” Shektee suggested. She had all the information she needed concerning what she was allowed to do in the room. The best thing she could do now was change the subject before Mystique changed her mind or decided to add a few restrictions, though she had the feeling Mystique wasn’t going to.
“Right. With luck we’ll find a working phone, but I doubt it,” Mystique replied as she turned and left the room.
The front office area had been cleared of all movable furniture and wires were scattered around the floor marking where computers and other equipment had been before their removal. As they expected, all of the phones had also been removed. Most of the windows were covered with boards and only allowed a small amount of light to pass through their cracks.
Mystique picked the lock on the front door and stepped outside to have a look around. She could see the main road. The grass had been cut within the last few weeks and was only slightly overgrown. A faint noise attracted her attention, so she followed it to the side of the building opposite the parking area. What she saw confused her—dozens of rats running away from the building. It was as if something was scaring them, then she remembered that animals are more sensitive than humans. The rats could feel Shektee’s true nature and were running away from her. The corner of Mystique’s mouth raised just a little as she smiled at the idea that Shektee could do what no amount of technology had been able to: clear a building of rats and keep it that way.
When Mystique walked back into the office, she noticed that Shektee had ripped out a few of the temporary dividing walls and made an area large enough for them to lie down. They would be able to see anyone entering the office from the front door or the back section.
“What do you think?”
“It should do. I am going to start walking back toward the center. Why don’t you go make sure John is uncomfortable, and then catch up,” Mystique suggested as she left.
“I will only be a few minutes,” Shektee replied as she turned toward the door to the back section.
“It’s going to take me at least an hour to get back to where he picked us up, so take your time,” Mystique told her before closing and relocking the front door.
Shektee really wanted to take her time and enjoy the taste of John’s suffering but she was charged with protecting Mystique. If Mystique did come to any harm and she was not there to stop it, the ancient would be very upset. Shektee could not risk upsetting the ancient so she ran back to the torture chamber and drained a bit more of John’s life energy. He would survive, but it would take days for him to regain his strength.
Shektee secured the door and moved one of the larger pieces of debris in front of the switch to make sure no one accidently opened it. She quickly ran out the cargo bay door that John had led them through. Once she reached the parking lot, she changed forms into a black panther. She enjoyed this form because it was sleek, elegant, and lethal. It was also much faster than any human, even Mystique.
Mystique was walking along the side of the road when she heard Shektee running up behind her. Shektee had to be making noise on purpose to let her know she was coming. Mystique turned and watched as the big black cat charged at her. The sight reminded her of the first time she’d met Shektee. The fear she’d felt at being confronted by a huge black panther had turned to true terror when Shektee transformed into her true demonic form. She let out a small chuckle at the memory of how she’d planned to at least hurt Shektee before she died. She understood now just how foolish that plan had been. If Shektee wanted her dead, she would be; it was that simple; there wouldn’t have even been a fight.
The idea that she would feel safer with Shektee around caused another small chuckle. Mystique hadn’t realized she was in such a good mood. There was still so much to do, and so many things had changed in the last few days that she had no idea why she was in a good mood. Shektee came up alongside her and changed to the human form she’d been using. Mystique still had no idea how the naked panther could turn into a fully clothed women. What happened to her clothing when she changed? Why sometimes did she have clothes and other times she was naked? Mystique would have to ask her sometime.
***
Bruce spent the day wondering what Mystique wanted. She hadn’t given him any idea of what kind of help she needed, just that Shektee was going to bring him to her. He didn’t like Shektee but if Mystique was desperate enough to ask for his help, he’d go with her to see what he could do.
His imagination ran wild all day with different scenarios. After getting caught daydreaming by the teacher in his advanced computer programming class, Sam and Alan had forced him to tell them what was going on. They were determined to go with him. He had mixed feelings; they wouldn’t be much help in a fight, but he’d decided that whatever help Mystique needed probably didn’t require him to fight. Since it wouldn’t require fighting, they would probably be able to help him figure out how to help Mystique. The problem was danger seemed to gravitate to Mystique and whatever she was into was bound to be dangerous. He didn’t want to endanger his friends.
Sam and Alan knew Bruce wasn’t happy with them tagging along, but they were tired of him having all the adventure. They were determined to be part of whatever excitement Mystique was getting him into. Mystique was a genetically enhanced psionic, which meant she could be involved in all kinds of weird stuff. They’d loaded their backpacks with everything they could think of that might be useful and were waiting in Bruce’s room.
The three boys were sitting staring at one another. Bruce had just finished trying to send Sam and Alan back to their rooms when the door to the hall opened. A blond woman with large breasts and a beautiful face was standing in the doorway. She was wearing jeans and a pullover shirt that hugged her body like a second skin. Bruce wasn’t sure why, but he knew it was Shektee. Sam had jumped to his feet at the sound of the door opening and was now standing staring at the blond with his mouth hanging open. Alan was a little more composed; he was able to shut his mouth.
“Shektee?” Bruce turned the name into a question to verify what he already knew.
“Yes. Come with me,” Shektee instructed as she turned and started walking back to the elevator.
Bruce stood up and followed her out. He hoped Sam and Alan would be too awestruck to follow, but both boys were on their feet and right behind him. A quick glance passed between the friends as they followed Shektee down the hall. Bruce knew there was no way he was going to get rid of them now.
At the elevator, Shektee turned and looked at Sam and Alan. “What are you two doing?” she asked in a condescending tone that irritated Bruce.
“They’re coming with me,” Bruce stated determined to take control of at least part of what was going on.
Shektee turned her gaze on Bruce and in a voice that conveyed the barely contained rage she was feeling, said, “You will speak to me with respect or fear. You will never presume to tell me what to do. Mystique has feelings for you so I am not allowed to hurt you, but I can hurt your friends and loved ones. Do you understand?”
All three boys had to force the fear they were experiencing back down and nod their heads. Sam and Alan were having second thoughts about going with Bruce, but now that he’d insisted on them going, neither could abandon their friend. The door to the elevator slid open and all four stepped in. The spell Shektee’s looks had on the boys had been broken so none of them were eager to stand close to her. Shektee forced her own anger back under control.
Shektee led the boys to a waiting taxi that would take them to Mystique.
***
Mystique was waiting in a small Chinese restaurant that specialized in takeout. There were only four tables and one of them was covered with empty takeout containers. She had a plate of fried rice and a tea sitting in front of her. The rice was rather bland but the tea was surprisingly good. She’d positioned herself with a view of the window, but far enough away so that anyone passing would have a hard time seeing her. Mystique was a little surprised and annoyed when she saw Sam and Alan follow Bruce into the restaurant.
“What’re they doing here?” Mystique asked quietly, not wanting the restaurant staff to overhear her.
“I didn’t know what kind of help you needed, so I asked them to come along,” Bruce lied. Shektee moved past the boys and sat next to Mystique. Bruce took the cue and sat across from Mystique with Alan sitting next to him and Sam moving a chair from another table over to sit at the end of the table.
The girl at the counter let out an exasperated sigh before walking over to ask for their order. Shektee asked for a cup of tea while the boys ordered sodas. Sam was the only one thinking about food, so he ordered one of the combo meals with fish. Mystique waited until the waitress brought their drinks and left before starting to explain her problem.
“I need to hide for a while from people who are very good at finding people. I expect the police to be one of the groups looking for me. I’m not familiar enough with your society to know how to avoid being found,” Mystique explained, trying not to go into too many details.
“Okay, so that means you can’t use your ID chip or have access to any of your bank accounts,” Bruce started to explain.
“When the police start looking for you, they will use every camera in the city. You may be able to avoid them for a while, but it would probably be best to just give up,” Alan broke in.
“That’s not an option,” Mystique replied.
“I don’t think you’ll have any trouble with the cameras. I tried taking your picture before and the best camera I could buy still couldn’t get a clear picture of you,” Bruce told the group.
“How much trouble are you in?” Sam asked, getting a little nervous. “Why will the police be after you?”
“You don’t need to know that. All you need to know is that they’ll be hunting me and I need to know how to avoid being caught,” Mystique replied, hoping to avoid answering that question.
“We really do need to know. The reason they’re looking for you will decide how hard they’ll be looking and what you’re going to have to do to avoid them,” Bruce explained.
“Very well, but if any of you betray me, I won’t be able to stop Shektee from killing you.”
“Enough with the death threats; you’re the one asking for our help,” Bruce interrupted angrily. Shektee closed her grip on her cup of tea, shattering the porcelain cup and getting steaming hot tea all over her hand. Everyone at the table froze as the feeling of impending violence washed over them.
Mystique was the first to react by placing her hand on Shektee’s hand. When Shektee slowly turned to look at her, Mystique asked, “Why don’t you go practice hunting during the day? I’ll finish the conversation with the boys.”
“Very well, but if he does not start showing you the respect you deserve, I will punish him,” Shektee stated, barely containing her anger. She had been repressing her anger since she arrived and she was tired of it. Shektee was going to release her anger; she just hoped to find someone to vent it on and not have to resort to destroying some inanimate object.
Shektee slowly stood up. The tension in the room was thick and everyone was watching as she walked out the front door. Once outside, Shektee loosened the control she had on some of her anger and transformed into an armor-plated demoness from some horror movie. Her clawed feet left deep gouges in the concrete sidewalk as she launched herself into the air.
Inside, the girl at the counter fainted at the sight of Shektee’s combat form. Bruce stared open mouthed as he realized how serious Shektee’s threat had been. Sam had stood up and was backing away from the vision of death. If not for the wall, he would still be backing away as primal fear urged him to run. Alan sat perfectly still, frozen in the grip of terror. Mystique was the only one unaffected by the sight.
Mystique grabbed Bruce’s arm to get his attention. When he looked at her, she was already standing. She knew they had to leave but first she had to break them out of their fear. Bruce was the first to recover. The sight of Mystique’s calm, determined face gave him the reassurance he needed.
“You bring Alan. I’ve got Sam. We’ll go out the back,” Mystique instructed as she took Sam by the arm and pulled him around the counter and into the kitchen area. Two of the three men in the kitchen had run out the back door at the sight of Shektee’s transformation. The third hadn’t seen it and was trying to revive the girl at the counter. He yelled at Mystique as she dragged Sam past him. Bruce had to practically carry Alan. His mind was still frozen in fear.
Once in the alleyway behind the restaurant, Sam started to calm down and regain control. Mystique leaned him against the wall while she went to help Bruce with Alan. Sam pushed off from the wall and pulled Alan away from Mystique when he saw them come out the back door. The fear he’d felt was turning to anger toward Mystique for putting them in such danger.
“What was that thing?” Sam demanded, staring at Mystique.
“Shektee is a rift demon. She hunts humans for food. We need to get out of here before the police arrive,” Mystique replied, deciding it would be simpler and faster to answer his questions than to avoid them.
“What the heck is a rift demon?” Sam continued as they followed Mystique down the alley.
“What are you doing running around with her…it?” Bruce demanded.
“Shektee serves Daemon and he ordered her to be my bodyguard,” Mystique explained as she stopped at the back door to another building on the opposite side of the alley from the restaurant. The door was locked but Mystique focused on it the way Shektee had told her to and it sprung open just a little. Mystique grabbed the door and pulled it fully open, allowing Bruce and Sam to carry Alan inside.
They were in the back room of a clothing store. Mystique motioned for them to move to the side and be quiet. Both of the boys had many more questions, but they were willing to wait. They needed time for Alan to recover. They laid Alan on the floor and tried to revive him. Mystique snuck to the front of the room and checked to see who was in the store. She found that the only other person in the store was an older lady in her forties. The store seemed to specialize in hats and handbags and other accessories. The woman was reading a magazine and didn’t appear to have heard them enter. Mystique snuck back to the boys.
Alan was slow to overcome his fear. Bruce and Sam whispered reassurances to him until he finally started to respond. Mystique had been worried he’d start screaming, but instead he whimpered and cried. Bruce and Sam held their friend, reassuring him that he was safe. A few minutes later Alan stopped crying and pulled himself together.
Mystique had watched the friends care for one another and share their strength. She found it interesting and it reminded her of how she felt around Angelica. She decided that she would answer their questions. They were involved now, so it was only right that they knew what they were involved in. She’d also have a talk with Shektee and hopefully convince her not to hurt any of the boys.
Once Alan was fully recovered, Mystique started to usher them back into the alley but stopped when she noticed a couple of police officers in the alley. She motioned for the boys to wait while she snuck up behind the woman out front. Mystique’s first thought was to stab the woman in the back of the head but Angelica would not approve, so instead she grabbed the woman in a chokehold. A few seconds later the woman was unconscious but alive. Mystique laid the woman’s head on the counter with her arms under it like a pillow. It would look like she had put her head down to take a nap.
As the boys snuck out of the back room and into the front of the store, Sam stopped to stare at the woman. “Is she dead?”
“No. I just knocked her out. She’ll be fine,” Mystique told him as she checked the street. They left as a group with Mystique stopping to focus on the door. It was harder for her to lock the front door then it had been for her to unlock the back door, but a few seconds of concentration was all it took. She’d flipped the sign at the door to signal that the store was closed, so hopefully it would be a while before anyone realized that there was a problem. They turned left and started walking toward the center of town.
A few blocks down the street, Bruce stopped and opened the door to a nice restaurant. He used a trick he had seen his mother use on numerous occasions and paid the waiter at the door to seat them in a private booth. Once everyone was seated, Bruce ordered three sodas and a tea for the group. Sam and Alan excused themselves and went to the restroom to clean up. Their drinks were waiting for them when they returned. Alan looked a lot better having washed the tear streaks from his face.
“My brother Daemon defeated Shektee in combat but instead of killing her, he forced her into servitude. He gave her the task of being my bodyguard. A powerful man on this planet wants to kidnap my sister Angelica. Daemon has allowed me to stay behind while he escorts Angelica to safety. I stayed to hunt down and kill the man as a message to anyone else who might think about coming after Angelica. That’s what you are now involved in and why the police will be looking for me,” Mystique explained in a low voice.
“You said Shektee was a rift demon. What is that?” Bruce asked
“Rift demons are the creatures that live in jump space. They’re the reason some ships come out of jump space with a missing crew. They consider humans to be nothing more than food animals to be slaughtered,” Mystique explained, deciding to use the same story Daemon had told the ambassador.
“Your brother beat her? No way,” Sam said in disbelief.
“Who is the guy you want to kill and why does he want your sister?” Bruce asked, deciding to shift the subject away from Shektee.
“His name is Lenny. He runs a large criminal group here in the city. Angelica is a powerful psionic and he wants to force her to work for him. I don’t know what he wants her to do. He’s the one who sent the guys to kidnap me.”
“Lenny—you mean Lenard Johnson, the mob boss? He’s in charge of all syndicate operations on the planet. You can’t go after him,” Alan broke in.
“I believe that’s his full name. What do you know about him?” Mystique asked, curious as to how Alan knew about Lenny.
“My dad’s a police detective. He told me a little about Mister Johnson. The guy controls half the small businesses on the planet and a lot of police work for him too. If he’s after you, then the police’re already looking for you. Your only chance is to get off planet, and fast,” Alan explained passionately.
“I’m not leaving until he’s dead,” Mystique stated, looking at each of them to make sure they understood her resolve.
“What do you want us to do?” Sam asked, pretty sure he wasn’t going to like the answer.
“We need a place to hide for a few weeks until people stop looking for us. I was supposed to be on the shuttle with Daemon and Angelica, so only a few people know for sure I’m still on planet. I’m also going to need money. The last thing is that I need someone to go to “Cathleen’s All-Seeing Eye” and find out what they can about the place and the people there.”
“That sounds easy enough. I can rent a room at one of the hotels and you can stay there. How much money do you need?” Bruce asked, relieved the requests didn’t sound too difficult or dangerous.
“How are you going to rent a room? You have to be eighteen,” Alan pointed out.
“No problem. I can put it on one of Mom’s business accounts and register under her name. I’ve done it before,” Bruce explained with pride.
“What’s ‘Cathleen’s’?” Sam asked
“It’s a place that got Shektee’s attention. She can’t go near it, and she wants to learn more about it. The best way to stay safe around her is to be useful to her. As long as she has a use for you, or thinks she may be able to use you in the future, she won’t hurt you. I’ll talk to her but anything you can find out about the place will make it easier to convince her to leave you alone,” Mystique explained.
“How upset is she? Is she going to hunt us?” Alan managed to ask, fear rising in his voice.
“She didn’t kill you instantly, so I don’t think she’s that upset. I wouldn’t worry about her coming after you,” Mystique lied. She had no idea how mad Shektee was or if she would do anything to the boys. She’d do what she could to ensure their safety, but the final decision was Shektee’s.
The group talked for almost an hour as they discussed different strategies Mystique could use to find Lenny. Finally Bruce paid the bill, leaving a large tip for the waitress, and they left to get Mystique a hotel room. They’d decided on a big hotel in the business district. They figured that with the large number of people coming and going it would be easy for Mystique to go undetected. Bruce had used his phone to call in reservations at the Parker Hotel and had arranged for a taxi to pick them up.
Shektee was waiting outside the restaurant looking as she did when she met the boys in Bruce’s room. Alan froze at the sight of her while Sam started to inch backward. Mystique stepped forward to talk to Shektee, but Bruce beat her to it.
“Shektee, I am sorry for my outburst earlier. Please forgive me; it won’t happen again,” Bruce said in a solemn voice. He’d seen many of his mother’s underlings beg for forgiveness and knew it was his best chance to save his friends.
“See that it doesn’t,” Shektee replied. She could taste the fear coming from the boys and knew Bruce was sincere in his desire to make amends.
Shektee smiled at Mystique to let her know she was no longer upset. “The hunt went well and I didn’t kill anyone, in case you were wondering,” she said, lying about the last part.
Mystique turned to Sam and Alan and reminded them that they were going to do some investigation work for her. Sam was in better control of his senses and understood Mystique’s meaning. He had to drag Alan the first few feet down the street but as the distance between them and Shektee widened, Alan broke loose from Sam’s grip. Within seconds the two boys were running as fast as they could. Shektee gave a chuckle as she watched them. Bruce was relieved to see Shektee in a better mood.
Mystique noticed the taxi pull up and stepped over to open the back door. Shektee was watching Alan and Sam race away down the street while Bruce stood watching her. Mystique waited almost a minute before asking them to both get in. Bruce climbed in next to Mystique while Shektee opened the passenger door and got in beside the driver.
***
The Parker Hotel was forty stories tall with shopping boutiques, restaurants, and bars spread around the first two floors. The third, fourth, and fifth floors were dedicated to banquet halls and conference rooms. Basic hotel rooms took up the sixth through the twenty-ninth floor with the thirtieth floor filled with high-end dining and nightclubs. The top floors were suites for the more well-off guests.
Bruce had booked a suite on the thirty-fourth floor. It was a standard two-bedroom suite with a full kitchen and a whirlpool bathtub. Bruce had no trouble checking in and had Mystique and Shektee coded for access as his guests. Mystique had to concentrate to allow the retinal scanner to get a clear picture of her eye. Shektee found it rather interesting and wondered if she could duplicate someone else’s retinal scan to gain access to their room. She decided she would have to experiment with it later.
Bruce escorted them up to their suite. He explained that they could charge anything they purchased at the hotel to their room. Mystique thanked him for his help and promised to repay her debt to him someday. Shektee simply nodded her approval. As he reached the door to leave, Bruce told Mystique that he would contact her with the results of their research.
Mystique decided to take a shower while Shektee lay down on a bed to meditate. Later that evening, Shektee planned to investigate the nightclubs. Nightclubs had been one of her favorite hunting grounds. She was very interested in seeing what was different on this side of the barrier and she hadn’t had the chance to visit any of those in the entertainment district. If she was careful, she wouldn’t even have to leave the hotel to hunt.
***
The transition to jump space went smoothly. Captain Zeler always held his breath during the transition. He didn’t mean to; he had even tried not to, but some things just happen. It was a five-day jump to New Sydney, which meant there would be little to do for the next four and a half days. Lt. Nicholson had arranged for a couple of drills to keep the men in shape. So when the alarm claxon started to sound, the captain didn’t think twice about it. In fact, the only thought it raised was that Lt. Nicholson had started his first drill a little too soon after transition. Then came the announcement that was the cause of him holding his breath.
“Intruder alert, intruder alert, unknown life form in the XO quarters, this is not a drill.”
The message repeated itself as almost every person on board froze in confusion or fear. Only a handful of sailors knew what it meant to have an intruder appear onboard during a jump. Captain Zeler was one of them. He had been aboard the same vessel as Major Castleman and had seen firsthand what was now on his ship.
“All hands to their battle stations. Evacuate officers’ berthing area. Security, I want you in full battledress with heavy weapons. Report statuses as soon as you are ready. Captain out.”
“Seal the bridge!” Captain Zeler knew it wouldn’t stop whatever had come onboard, but it would give the bridge crew a little peace of mind.
A few seconds later, crewman Stiller received an intercom call at his communications station. “Captain, Lady Grayson would like to speak with you concerning our visitor.” Captain Zeler turned to stare at the man in amazement. The intruder had appeared in the XO cabin where the Graysons were resting. He’d assumed they’d been the first casualties.
“Patch her through,” Captain Zeler instructed as he activated the command chair’s sound-dampening field. The field would block out any noise from the rest of the bridge and prevent any of the bridge crew from overhearing his conversation.
“This is Captain Zeler; go ahead.” The captain didn’t know what to expect because this whole flight had been one problem after another.
“Captain, our guest has informed me that you are planning to attack him. He is not here to hurt anyone, but he will defend himself so please keep your men away,” Angelica explained, trying to sound both formal and respectful. If the captain didn’t listen and sent his men in to attack, Angelica was fairly certain that she and Daemon would be the only human survivors.
“Understood. I will hold my men on standby,” Captain Zeler replied as he tried to understand what was going on. He would have to have a long talk with Lady Grayson once this was over, assuming they survived.
“Thank you, captain,” Angelica said, relief distinctly present in her voice.
Angelica turned off the intercom and went back over to sit with Daemon. The creature sitting across the table from them looked like an old man in hunting gear but she knew that was not his true form. She was pretty sure she didn’t want to see his true form. He was discussing what’d happened and what Daemon’s plans were for the future. He didn’t seem to be judging their actions; he simply wanted to understand why they’d done what they had.
The conversation lasted a few hours as they had to explain in detail some of the reasons behind their decisions. Finally he seemed satisfied with the information he’d received and was ready to leave. “Before I go, I would like you to give this to the captain,” he said as he placed a small metal disk on the table.
Daemon picked it up and inspected it. The disk had a strange symbol carved into one side, while the other was blank. The disk was only about an inch in diameter and an eighth of an inch thick, but it was heavy for its size. “He’s going to want to know what it’s for,” Daemon remarked
“Since the captain was intelligent enough to leave us be, I’ve decided offer him a little help. If he ever finds himself in trouble in what you call jump space, all he needs to do is place one drop of blood on that medallion and I’ll come rescue him,” the ancient explained.
“I know what you are going to ask,” the ancient said as he turned to face Angelica. “My payment will be the life energy of whatever is attacking the captain.”
The ancient didn’t wait for any other questions. He vanished with a soft pop as the air collapsed into the space he’d just been occupying.
***
“Captain, the intruder is gone,” Lieutenant Nicholson reported from the combat bridge, a mix of confusion and relief in his voice.
“Maintain general quarters and get me Lady Grayson on the intercom,” Captain Zeler ordered.
“Yes, captain,” Lt Nicholson replied as he buzzed the stateroom where Angelica and Daemon had been conversing with the ancient. Angelica had guessed the captain would want to talk once the ancient had left.
“Lady Grayson is on the intercom,” Lt Nicholson informed the captain.
“Captain Zeler, the creature has left and I do not expect him to return,” Angelica informed him.
“I would like to discuss our visitor in detail. Please meet me in my cabin. I’ll send Lieutenant Nicholson to escort you,” Captain Zeler instructed, making it clear that even though he’d asked, refusing was not really an option.
Lt Nicholson stopped at the captain’s door and knocked twice. The captain replied with instructions to enter. Lt. Nicholson led the siblings into the captain’s cabin and stepped to the side to stand at attention. Angelica had decided not to use her calming aura, which she found was more difficult than she’d expected. She’d been using the power so much and for so long that it took a conscious effort not to. Daemon was relaxed. He expected the captain was going to yell at them for the ancient’s visit, even though he had no control over it. He was used to being yelled at and he didn’t expect this time to be much different.
The captain was seated at his desk when the group started to file in. He stood and waited as the siblings moved to the two chairs near his desk. “Please be seated,” Captain Zeler offered as he sat back down, leaving Lt. Nicholson the only one standing.
“Would you like me to leave, captain?” Lt. Nicholson asked.
“No. I think as XO you should hear what we are about to discuss. I’ve only been on one other vessel that was boarded while in jump space. The creature that attacked us killed a lot of good, experienced fighting men before it was finally stopped,” Captain Zeler started to explain. He took a sip of the scotch he’d poured before they’d entered and continued: “When the intruder alert sounded, I expected that a lot, if not all, of my crew were about to die. What came on board, and why didn’t it attack?”
“We’ve met the creature that visited us before. Daemon beat one of its companions in a fight and gained its respect. It’s one of the few intelligent members of its race. The species it belongs to is capable of becoming very powerful psionics,” Angelica explained.
“I don’t believe you. I don’t care how good your brother is in a fight—there is no way he beat one of those creatures. So please, I need the truth,” Captain Zeler stated in no mood to listen to lies.
“I can’t tell you. All I can say is that we’ve met him before,” Angelica replied.
“You’re telling me you made friends with it?” Captain Zeler asked, disbelieving what he was hearing.
“I wouldn’t go that far. It is interested in us for some reason, enough to talk to us instead of just killing us,” Angelica continued.
“Have you learned anything about them?” Captain Zeler asked, hoping to learn how to better avoid having another creature enter his ship.
“Not much. Only that they can travel anywhere in jump space but tend to stay near populated planets. The only reason there aren’t more occurrences of them attacking ships is that they don’t notice the ships entering jump space. It did occur to me that if one of their kind ever figured out where a jump point was, it would be able to attack every ship that used it.”
“That’s a disturbing idea,” Lieutenant Nicholson commented.
“Yes, I will have to discuss changing jump points with the Admiralty. They’ll be very interested in learning this. I would guess that they may have a few questions for you if you’re willing,” Captain Zeler told Angelica, not realizing that Daemon knew a lot more about the topic.
“Captain, the creature asked me to give this to you. It’s a reward for not attacking him,” Daemon said as he placed the medallion on the desk.
Captain Zeler looked at it with suspicion before asking, “What is it?”
“He said that if you ever get boarded in jump space again and need to be rescued, all you need to do is place one drop of blood on the face of the medallion and he’ll come and kill the intruder for you,” Daemon explained.
“Captain, I will talk to the admiralty if I have to, but I’d prefer to keep the knowledge of our contact with the jump creatures as confidential as possible. The crew may spread rumors but a formal meeting with the admiralty is a lot harder to deny,” Angelica told the captain as he looked more closely at the medallion.
“I understand and will pass along your concerns,” Captain Zeler replied only half paying attention to what she’d said. His mind was on the medallion and what to do with it.
“I think that’ll be all for now. Lieutenant, come back here once you have shown the Graysons back to their cabin.”
“Yes, captain,” Lt Nicholson replied before opening the door back into the passageway. Lt. Nicholson had heard the stories about monsters attacking ships in jump space, but like most people he hadn’t believed them. Now he had not only witnessed a boarding but knew two people who’d actually talked to one of the monsters.
***

Chapter 7
A Little Knowledge Is Dangerous
A few days later, Sam and Alan entered Cathleen’s cautiously, nervous about what they were going to find. Mystique had asked them to find out all they could about the place and the people that worked there, which meant something was probably dangerous. Neither of them had ever been to a fortune teller before. They’d assumed like most other people that it was all fake, but Mystique had told them this place had real power.
The interior was set up like a small shop with shelves and display cases lining the walls and a few tables with displays set up on them. The boys looked around and spotted an old-style cash register on the counter near the back of the store. A girl in her mid-teens with long jet-black hair was sitting on a stool reading a book near the register. She was wearing an off-white dress that looked two or three sizes too big for her. Sam turned and started looking around at the various books while Alan made his way to the counter.
“Twenty credits for a ten-minute reading, or fifty for a full reading,” the girl said as Alan reached the counter. The girl never looked up from her book, giving Alan the impression she didn’t care what he wanted.
“How do I know the readings are legit and you’re not a fake?” Alan asked, having decided to play the part of a skeptical customer.
“Cost you twenty credits to find out. Rich kid like you can afford twenty credits,” the girl said, finally taking the time to look up at Alan. She must have seen something in him because without warning she jumped back off the stool. Her dress got caught up in the stool, causing it to fall over and almost trip the girl. Alan instinctively moved forward, reaching out to help the young lady.
“Stay away from me. MOM!” the girl yelled loud enough for people on the street outside to hear. “You keep away from me.”
Alan froze, not understanding what was going on. Sam had gotten distracted reading the titles of the data chips in one of the displays. The sound of the girl yelling at Alan got his attention. Sam stood where he was and watched as Alan put his hands up and stepped back.
“What is it, Carla?” asked a woman as she stepped out of the back room. The woman was barely over five feet tall but had to weigh well over two hundred pounds. She had the same jet-black hair as her daughter but that was the only similarity between the two. The woman was holding a large pistol in her right hand and after a quick look at Alan, she brought it up to aim it at his face. Alan stood very still, his eyes locked on the barrel of the pistol. Sam thought about running but resisted the urge; instead, he turned to face the confrontation.
“Hands up where I can see them and step back,” the woman instructed Alan. He did as instructed slowly moving back but never taking his eyes off the barrel of the pistol.
“All right. You over there, get your hands up too and get over next to your friend,” she told Sam, using her pistol as a pointer. Carla felt safer now that her mother was present and pulled a pistol of her own from beneath the register. She didn’t point it at the boys but she did hold it up and ready to aim. Her pistol was also a semi-automatic. It was much smaller than her mother’s but still intimidating.
“Why did it send you here? What does your demon master want?” the woman asked once the boys were standing where she wanted them. The boys slowly looked at each other, amazed that the woman knew they were there because of Shektee. What’d Mystique not told them?
“She just told us to look around and to find out who was here,” Sam blurted out when the woman stamped her foot.
“Where is it?” the woman demanded.
“She’s at the—” was all Sam was able to say before Alan elbowed him in the side.
“Shut up! She’ll kill us or worse,” Alan reminded his friend. Alan was visibly shaking.
“She can’t hurt you here. There are ancient wards up to keep her kind out. No demon can come within fifty feet of this place,” the woman said with pride.
“Fine, but Mystique’s not a demon,” Alan replied, refusing to calm down.
“Who’s Mystique?”
“She’s a freak from school. She’s a killer with bio-augmentations and now she’s working with some demonic bitch,” Sam blurted out while fending off Alan’s attempts to stop him.
“Do you have a way of contacting her?”
“Yeah,” Sam replied. Alan seemed to give up and sat down where he was. He couldn’t believe they had gotten into so much trouble. “I have her phone number.”
“Call her and hand me the phone. I want to talk to her,” the woman instructed.
Sam slowly pulled out his cell phone and called the number Mystique had given him. Mystique answered on the third ring. Sam didn’t bother to say anything and instead just held the phone out. Carla stepped out from behind the counter and took the phone. She could hear Mystique asking for Sam. She quickly handed the phone to her mother and turned back to cover the boys while her mother talked to Mystique.
“This is Cathleen Ziegler. I have your two cohorts. If you ever want to see them alive again, you’ll come to my shop immediately,” Cathleen threatened.
“So you can kill me too? I don’t think so. You can go ahead and kill them for all I care, but you may want to figure out what you’re going to tell the police before you do,” Mystique replied with no sign of emotion in her voice. “All I care about is the spell you’re using to guard your store.”
“You’ll never get me to take it down,” Cathleen stated in defiance.
“I don’t care about that. I want to know how you created it, the symbols and language you used. If you explain it to me, I won’t hurt you,” Mystique replied, hoping she could reason with Cathleen.
“I’ll never help a demon or one of its servants,” Cathleen stated as she stood her ground.
“She serves me and, if it makes you feel more cooperative, think of it as the only chance that you and the girl behind the counter have of staying alive.” Mystique thought to negotiate with Cathleen, but her lack of skill and understanding of basic human emotions only made matters worse.
“You come anywhere near my Carla and I’ll kill you,” Cathleen screamed at the phone. When she put the phone back to her ear, Cathleen was surprised to find Mystique had hung up. Cathleen looked at Sam and Alan to gauge their reactions. She was not convinced of their innocence and before she could decide what to do with them, an alarm sounded next door.
Cathleen told Carla to watch them as she went to see what was going on. It didn’t occur to Cathleen that Mystique was watching from nearby. So she didn’t think twice about leaving Carla alone in the shop with Sam and Alan. She knew her daughter was proficient with her pistol and wouldn’t let the boys get the drop on her. Cathleen left the shop and headed two stores to the right to Mike’s Lock Shop.
Mystique watch the woman leave. She was still carrying the big pistol, but she wasn’t looking around. Bruce would be upset if Mystique allowed Cathleen to hurt his friends so she’d decided to help them escape. It also gave her a chance to show Cathleen how dangerous she was.
Mystique slipped up to the shop and peeked through the display window. She saw Carla standing behind the counter while Sam and Alan were out in the middle of the shop. Sam was standing while Alan was for some reason sitting. She was going to have to talk to Bruce. These two had to leave town until her business was done. They were incompetent and they knew enough to jeopardize her mission. Carla looked relaxed so Mystique decided to go with a Daemon-style frontal assault.
Mystique pulled two throwing spikes for each hand and stepped into the doorway. In one fluid motion she did a snap kick to the doorframe just above the handle. Cathleen hadn’t thought to lock the door, so only a small latch was holding it shut. The force of Mystique’s kick sent the door flying open and crashing into the display case next to it. The sudden noise startled everyone inside. Mystique flicked her left hand, sending two throwing spikes at the pistol in Carla’s hand. Carla almost dropped the pistol as the spikes ricocheted off it.
“Sam, take Alan and get out of here,” Mystique ordered as she charged toward Carla. Carla was quickly regaining her wits and fixing her grip on her pistol. Carla didn’t wait to make sure she had a proper grip; as soon as she thought she could hit Mystique, she fired. Mystique was watching her progress and started dodging left even before Carla fired. The bullet still tore a hole through Mystique’s blouse and burned off a few layers of skin. Mystique barely noticed the sudden pain in her side. She threw one of the two spikes in her right hand, holding firmly to the last spike.
Carla screamed as the spike sliced a deep gash into her forearm before finally sticking in the muscle near her elbow. Carla instinctively ducked behind the counter, allowing Mystique the time to cover the last few steps and leap over the counter. Mystique grabbed the counter top to lever herself around, making sure to land on top of Carla. Mystique had to be careful not to hurt Carla too badly—that would ruin any chance of negotiating with Cathleen. Carla tried to hold onto the pistol as Mystique came crashing down on her.
The spike in Carla’s forearm shifted, tearing muscle and tissue as it did. Mystique flattened herself over Carla, restricting her movements as she grabbed for Carla’s hand and the pistol. Mystique didn’t bother trying to wrench the pistol from Carla’s grip; instead she just held both, keeping Carla from being able to aim the pistol at her. Once she’d neutralized the threat of the pistol, Mystique flipped the last spike and pressed the blunt end into Carla’s windpipe.
“Stop struggling,” Mystique ordered in a calm, emotionless voice. Carla wanted to keep fighting, but knew it would only get her hurt, so she forced herself to relax and lie still.
“Good. Now release the pistol.” Carla hesitated, so Mystique applied a little pressure to the spike. Carla understood the threat and dropped the pistol to the floor. Mystique released her hold on Carla’s hand and picked up the pistol.
“Tell Cathleen that I will call her later to discuss a deal. I’ve been nice so far, but I am running out of patience,” Mystique told Carla as she cautiously climbed to her feet.
Mystique knew she didn’t have much time before Cathleen returned, so she quickly hopped back over the counter and ran out of the shop. She only slowed a little as she placed Carla’s pistol on one of the display tables. Mystique barely took the time to glance at the traffic in the road before sprinting across and into the alley on the other side where Shektee was anxiously waiting.
***
Cathleen ran down the sidewalk, stopping just short of Mike’s. She peeked through his front window. The alarm siren was still sounding its cry for help, making it hard for Cathleen to concentrate. She couldn’t see anyone in the store. The place looked empty so she carefully moved to the front door and opened it. A chime sounded and announced her entry.
Cathleen slowly moved into Mike’s. She recited a chant her mother had taught her many years ago, one that she said would keep the bad spirits away, as she looked around. She’d always thought it was just a story to cheer up a scared little girl, but now she prayed it really worked. The pistol in her hand was comforting, but if the stories were true it wouldn’t stop a demon.
The door to the back room was slightly open so Cathleen moved up to it so she could push it open with her shoulder while aiming her pistol past it. Cathleen had to put some force into pushing the door open. The room was dark, so Cathleen reached over and turned on the lights. She took a breath, steeling herself for the sight of Ron’s dead body. What she saw surprised her. Ron was tied to a armchair with tape across his mouth. His head was hanging down and Cathleen couldn’t tell if he was alive or not. Without thinking, Cathleen raced across the room to help her friend.
Cathleen almost tripped as the sweet feminine voice behind her pointed out her mistake. “You should be more careful,” Shektee observed from her position next to the door.
Cathleen spun around ready to fire at whoever was talking, only to find herself frozen in terror. Shektee had anticipated her reaction and had shifted to her combat form. The hard bone plates covered with spikes truly made her look like a horror come to life. The pistol would hurt, but it wouldn’t do any real damage. The woman’s magical abilities were the unknown that Shektee had to be worried about.
“My mistress will not allow me to hurt you or yours for now, but if she doesn’t get what she wants that will change. You can hide behind your warding spell but it won’t protect everyone. You should think about that before you upset my mistress,” Shektee suggested before leaving. Cathleen stood very still, trying to calm herself and think about what she could do.
The sound of a gunshot broke Cathleen’s trance. It was faint but she knew immediately who was shooting. Cathleen didn’t hesitate; she rushed the door, pulling it open with the strength granted her by maternal fear. Carla was in trouble and she’d left her alone. She raced across the store and out onto the sidewalk. As she ran back toward her shop, she saw something come rushing out and cross the street. It looked like a girl but she hadn’t been able to get a close look at her. She’d thought about taking a shot at her, but by the time she brought up the pistol the girl was gone down the alley.
Cathleen forgot about the girl as she pulled the door open to her shop and raced inside. “Carla!”
“I’m okay, Mom. She’s gone,” Carla responded in a slightly shaky voice. Carla was sitting behind the counter and holding her arm where Mystique’s spike was still sticking out of it. Cathleen crossed the shop and rounded the counter to see for herself that Carla was safe. Cathleen’s eyes widened as she spotted the spike and blood trickling down her daughter’s arm. When Carla looked up at her mother, Cathleen didn’t see the rebellious teen—she saw a scared little girl.
Cathleen quickly went back and bolted the front door, before collecting Carla and taking her into their living area in back. Cathleen thought about going to the hospital but that would put them out in the open where the demon could easily get them. Whoever this Mystique was, she was too dangerous for them to make another mistake. Cathleen was going to have to be very careful in how she dealt with Mystique.
Carla told her mother what had happened while Cathleen removed the spike and dressed the wound. Carla’s confidence returned with the presence of her mother. “Mom, she could’ve killed me if she wanted to.”
“Don’t worry, dear. I won’t let her hurt you again,” Cathleen told her daughter with more confidence than she felt. Carla leaned into her mother for comfort and support. They were in danger and she could tell that her mother was scared.
***
Carla answered the phone expecting it to be one of her friends. When she heard Mystique’s voice, she yelled to her mother. Carla should have hung up when her mother picked up the other phone but she wanted to know what was going on.
“Cathleen, are you calm enough to talk with me?” Mystique asked.
“Yes. What do you want?” Cathleen replied, trying not to sound nervous.
“I want to know how you warded your shop and any other spells you may know.”
“Why? Can’t your demon teach you all the magic you want?” Cathleen replied, trying to find out how much Mystique wanted the spells.
“Only if I wanted to sacrifice a lot of people to her. Personally I prefer to only kill the people who deserve it. I would like to meet you face-to-face. There’s a diner a few blocks from you. Archie’s Place; do you know it?”
“Yes, I know where it is, but what makes you think I’ll meet you?” Cathleen replied, refusing to be pushed around.
“I am going to wait fifteen minutes and then I will allow my demon to feast on everyone in the diner,” Mystique replied in a cold, heartless voice.
“Fine. I’ll be there. You don’t have to hurt anybody.”
“I don’t want to hurt anyone,” Mystique said, trying to make her voice sound softer before she broke the connection.
“Were you serious?” Shektee asked Mystique, unable to tell if she was really willing to allow her to feed on all those people.
“The old guy gets whatever he wants, right? What would he be willing to do to everyone on this planet to get what she knows? Sooner or later he’s going to read your mind and find out about her, and then he is going to tell you to do whatever it takes to get the information. You may be acting nice and civil now, but when he gives you those orders we both know you will do a lot worse,” Mystique explained as much to see if her reasoning sounded as logical out loud as it did in her head.
“Very clever of you to see that far ahead; the only flaw in your logic is that he probably already knows and is waiting to see how successful we are. Either way, you are right; he will do whatever is necessary to get the information, including sending others,” Shektee replied.
“How would he get the others across the barrier?”
“Easy. I would convince someone to summon whatever he chooses to send. I would not be able to use magic on the person, but there are many ways to convince humans to do what you want. Normally none of my kind would assist in the summoning of another, but I would do as I was told. He could also put them on a ship leaving jump space and have them brought here by the ship,” Shektee explained as she checked the clock mounted above the counter. Mystique sat back to think, signaling an end to the discussion, which was fine with Shektee. The less they thought about the ancient, the better.
***
“Carla, I want you to wait five minutes after I leave then go out the back way. I want you to take this and get as far away from here as possible. She’s probably going to have someone watching, so you have to move fast and always assume you’re being followed,” Cathleen instructed her daughter as she emptied her safe of all the money and valuables she’d collected over the years.
“I’m not going anywhere, not while you’re still in danger,” Carla stated adamantly.
Cathleen let out an exasperated sigh. She’d heard that tone from her daughter before and knew what it meant. Her daughter wasn’t going anywhere, no matter how hard she tried to convince her. “At least hide until I get back.”
Carla hugged her mother before going to hide in the linen closet. She had her pistol for protection. Anyone or anything opening the closet door was going to get shot. Cathleen leaned the kitchen broom up against the door in the hope that if anyone looked, they’d assume nobody was inside.
Cathleen said a simple prayer as she locked the door to her shop and headed for the diner.
***
Mystique had sent Shektee to stand guard outside after ten minutes. She was fairly confident that Cathleen would show up. She was sitting in a booth near the back of the diner facing the front door. When Cathleen entered and looked around, she didn’t seem to notice Mystique. Mystique had to motion for Cathleen to get her attention. Cathleen cautiously made her way back to the booth. She stopped to take a long look at Mystique before sitting down opposite her. Cathleen was a little surprised to find that Mystique was barely older than Carla.
“All right, I’m here. Now what?” Cathleen asked, trying to hide how nervous she was.
“Now you explain to me how you put the ward up around your store. How you learned how to use the language of power. And last, you teach me everything you know about the language,” Mystique told her calmly.
“If I choose to answer your questions and do as you ask, what happens when I’m done?”
“I go about my business and you go about yours and we never have to meet again,” Mystique answered in a matter-of-fact tone.
“How do I know you’ll leave us alone?” Cathleen asked, feeling a little more confident.
Before Mystique could answer, someone fired a pistol outside the front of the restaurant. It was a single shot from a small-caliber pistol. A few patrons ducked, while most turned to look. From their booth at the back, Mystique and Cathleen couldn’t see anything.
Mystique noticed Shektee and Carla entering the diner. Concern and fear flashed through Cathleen as she saw Carla being guided toward their table by a tall blond woman. She stood up to meet the two. Cathleen didn’t know the woman following Carla, but she could sense that whatever it was, it was not human.
“I’m sorry, Mom. I just got so worried. I thought I could help,” Carla told her mother as tears collected in her eyes.
“She shot me,” Shektee stated as she tossed Carla’s pistol on the table. Cathleen pulled her daughter close as Shektee hooked a finger through the hole in her jacket to show where she had been shot.
“That was very foolish of you,” Mystique said to Carla as she slid the pistol off the table and into her lap. Shektee moved around the table to sit next to Mystique. Mystique motioned for Cathleen and Carla to sit down. Cathleen resigned herself to the fact that now Mystique was fully in charge so she did as instructed. Carla followed her mother’s lead and sat down across from Shektee without saying anything.
“Is anyone else coming?” Mystique asked calmly.
“No. Carla was supposed to stay home. I’d no idea she was going to come. This is between us; Carla doesn’t have to be here,” Cathleen replied, hoping to get permission to send Carla away.
“She seems to think differently, so I think it’s best that she stay. I believe it will be good for her to know how dangerous life can be.” Mystique hadn’t intended it as a threat, but Cathleen took it as one.
“Most of what I know I learned from my mother. She was also a seer and she tried to teach me about magic and spirits,” Cathleen started to explain.
“Is she the one who taught you the chant you were using when we first met?” Shektee asked.
“Yes.”
“There was no magic in those words; we are only interested in the true language of power.”
“I only know a little bit. I learned it when I was Carla’s age from an old book I found in an abandoned house. It caught my attention because it was handwritten with drawings of creatures and symbols. It was mostly about demons and the veil. The last section was on foretelling the future and reading people. It helped me make sense of what my mother had taught me.” Cathleen stopped her explanation as their waitress came over to take their order.
Mystique and Shektee ordered tea while Cathleen and Carla asked for coffee. Once the waitress left, Mystique asked Cathleen if she still had the book. When Cathleen said that she did, Mystique asked to borrow it for a while.
“I’ll return it once I’ve learned what it has to teach me,” Mystique said, pleased to have such an easy solution.
“I don’t see that I have any choice. I’ll go get the book and bring it right back,” Cathleen conceded.
“Carla can stay with us until you return.” Mystique stated as Cathleen motioned for Carla to join her.
Cathleen looked over at Mystique. “I’m not leaving her here with you.”
“I think we’ve been very generous and patient in our dealings. You held my companions at gunpoint, your daughter shot at me, and she shot my friend here. We, on the other hand, have inflicted only minor injuries in self-defense. You’ve been treating me like a villain just because I have a powerful extra-dimensional companion. If you didn’t want our attention, you shouldn’t have advertised the fact you have knowledge of true magic. Now that you have our attention, you are acting like the victim,” Mystique explained calmly as Shektee stood up.
“What are you talking about? I never asked for any of this,” Cathleen protested.
“The ward you cast is the only magical field visible in this entire city. Of course it’s going to attract the attention of any magically sensitive person or creature. So, if you really don’t want the attention, shut the ward off. Your best defense is to hide in the crowed and not draw attention to yourself.” Mystique might have gone on, but their waitress arrived with the drinks.
“We don’t want any trouble in here; if you two are going to start something, please take it outside,” the waitress instructed.
“It’s all right. I’ll be right back,” Cathleen replied, giving Carla a quick pat on the shoulder. Cathleen then quickly headed for the exit. Once outside, Cathleen started running. She hadn’t run in a long time, but fear of what Mystique and her companion would do to Carla gave her all the inspiration she needed.
Carla sat quietly, hoping that Mystique and Shektee would forget about her. But Shektee was not about to forget her. “So, after she gives you the book, can I have them?”
“No. I told her if she gave me the information, we’d leave them alone. Plus, judging by the way Carla just reacted, you got a good taste of her fear,” Mystique replied, deciding to treat Shektee’s question as serious.
“You can go feed while I read through the book if you want. I figure you had to use a bit of energy healing after Carla shot you.”
“You can’t do that. You can’t just send her off to kill some innocent person,” Carla blurted out in protest.
“The word is people, and yes I can. She wouldn’t have to feed if you hadn’t shot her, so their deaths are on you as much as on me. And as for innocent, no truly innocent person will be harmed, but then again how many innocent people do you know?” Mystique replied, deciding to give the girl a lesson in how life can be unfair. Carla sat back, a shocked expression on her face.
“How can you be so callous? Don’t you care at all?”
“Nope.”
“Then why are you sparing me and Mom? Is it some honor code?” Carla asked, without thinking.
“Simple. A friend of mine wouldn’t like it if I killed you,” Mystique replied truthfully.
Carla stopped herself before she asked another question. It was obvious that Mystique was psychotic and there was no reasoning with her. Instead, she took a sip of her coffee and prayed that her mother hurried. Carla hadn’t really believed that anyone could be so heartless that they couldn’t be reasoned with. Now she did and it scared her, and Shektee drank in her fear.
***
Cathleen took a little over twenty minutes to retrieve the book and bring it back to the diner. She was relieved to see Carla sitting in the same spot and sipping her coffee. Mystique and her companion were also sitting and patiently waiting. Both had noticed her arrival and Mystique said something that made Carla snap her head around to look at her mother. Cathleen could see the relief in her daughter’s expression as she moved up to the table and sat down. She placed an old hardcover book on the table and slid it across to Mystique.
“Thank you. I will return it as soon as I am done with it,” Mystique told Cathleen in a polite tone.
“We can go?” Cathleen asked, not sure if Mystique had changed her mind.
“Yes. You have nothing to fear from either of us. We’ll not harm you in any way,” Mystique stated as she met Cathleen’s stare.
Cathleen stood up and motioned for Carla to leave ahead of her. But before Carla could get fully to her feet, Mystique had one last thing to tell her. “Carla, my companion does not kill those she feeds on unless they are killers and she feeds on the emotional and life energy of her prey, which they will recover over time.”
Cathleen gave Mystique a questioning look, but didn’t wait for an answer. As soon as Carla was on her feet, her mother was pushing her toward the door. Carla was focused more on trying to make sense of Mystique’s last comment than she was of walk. Cathleen was not willing to wait while her daughter slowly made her way to the exit. Shektee chuckled at the woman as she almost carried her daughter to the door.
Mystique hadn’t bothered to watch Cathleen and Carla leave. She was more interested in the book. She picked it up and flipped through it, stopping a few times to look at the various drawings. It was a standard nine-by-seven diary-style book. The person that’d written in the book had in most places ignored the lines. A lot of the writing was hard to understand because of the writer’s terrible penmanship. The writer had also used different-colored inks with red, blue, and black being the most common.
“This is going to be a pain trying to figure out. Whoever wrote it needed a class in penmanship,” Mystique commented as she handed the book to Shektee.
Shektee took the book and felt a strange sensation run through her body. She’d felt this sensation once before and knew instantly what was happening. All Mystique saw was Shektee taking the book from her hand, and then she was gone. A soft popping sound and a rush of air as it filled the space where Shektee had been sitting a second ago were all that marked her disappearance. Mystique cautiously looked around, but other than a few surprised looks everything seemed normal. There was no sign of Shektee or the book. Mystique wasn’t sure what’d happened, but she had a feeling it was the ancient.
Mystique dropped a twenty on the table to cover their drinks and headed for the front door. She felt exposed in the diner and wanted to get to someplace safe so she could think. All of her plans had just disappeared with Shektee and now she had to come up with new ones.
***
Shektee appeared in a grass-covered field. The sky was a dark blue with a red sun shining high above the field. Her master was standing a few yards away, holding a large rifle. Numerous animal carcasses littered the ground around him. He raised the rifle to his shoulder and took aim at Shektee. She knew better than to move; instead, she simply waited, not knowing if the bullet would kill or simply wound her. The ancient spirit stood aiming for a few seconds to see if Shektee would succumb to her instincts and try to dodge out of the way. When it was obvious that she was not going to move, he lowered the rifle.
“Bring it to me,” he instructed.
Shektee walked forward, careful to avoid the carcasses. She stopped a little more than arms reach from the ancient and with both hands held out the book. The ancient slung his rifle over his shoulder and took the book. He slowly turned each page, studying and memorizing every word, diagram, and mark. Shektee stood perfectly still awaiting his instructions.
When he was finally finished, he handed the book back to Shektee. “Make a copy for me and one for yourself; when you’re finished, I will check the copies for accuracy,” the ancient instructed as two identical books and a collection of pens appeared stacked on top of the original. Shektee bowed her head in acknowledgement. As she was looking down, she saw that the ground under her feet turned to stone. When she looked up again, she was in a library with its stone floor and hundreds of bookshelves.
A desk was sitting a few feet away. Shektee set her load down on the desk and gave the room a better look. The library had a vaulted ceiling with numerous chandeliers lighting it. Hundreds of bookshelves lined the walls, as well as standing perpendicular to them. Shektee could feel the presence of another being, but she couldn’t see it. Whatever it was, she didn’t think it would attack her.
Shektee decided that she’d wasted enough time looking around and sat at the desk. She opened the original book Cathleen had given Mystique and read a few paragraphs. She noticed that some of the words were spelled incorrectly and small symbols or scribbles appeared at random on the page. She opened the first blank book and started to copy each word, making sure that the letters were exactly the same. Then she copied the symbols and scribbles, again being careful to make sure they were perfect duplicates of the original. Time and the library faded from her mind; her focus was on the books and her task.
***
Mystique had climbed the fire escape to the top of a six-story apartment building and was now nestled under a large pipe. It would be nearly impossible for anyone or anything to find her. She hadn’t realized how safe she’d felt around Shektee until now. It was strange that she could feel safer in the presence of a rift demon than alone. She had to admit Shektee was not a normal rift demon. Mystique had planned on having Shektee mind read a few people and learn what they knew about Lenard and his operation. Now she was going to have to figure out another way of getting that information herself.
Mystique thought about her plan to hide out and wait for Lenny to forget about her before attacking. It was a safe plan but she was having second thoughts. She realized that she’d been thinking defensively; the whole time, the memory of being kidnapped had caused her to be overly cautious. She was supposed to be sending a message that messing with the Graysons was a bad idea, not hiding in some cozy apartment. She would start killing people; those who didn’t die quickly would tell her what she wanted to know. She’d learned enough from her mother and her mother’s clients to know how to cause pain.
Mystique decided the first thing to do was to get rid of Sam and Alan. She called Bruce to set up a meeting between the four of them. Bruce was not going to be happy but she was done trying to care about other people’s feelings. The boys would have one chance to leave the city until after she was finished. If they chose to stay, she would have to kill them to keep anyone from interrogating them.
Mystique lay thinking about how best to approach Bruce. He was a very stubborn and loyal person. He would not like her threatening his friends. A thought came to her: Bruce’s mother took her seriously now and she had the influence to get them all out of town. Mystique should’ve thought about her new plan a little more but she was tired of overthinking everything. She wanted to start doing something. Mystique left her hiding spot and started heading for the Agrotech corporate headquarters building.
***
The Agrotech headquarters was a ninety-story building in the eastern section of town. It looked like an obelisk of mirrored glass and steel. The building had its own shuttle landing pad, as well as a multistory parking garage. The lower floors were filled with retail shops and what was advertised as the largest and best-stocked grocery store on the planet. Agrotech was the largest employer on the planet and most of its employees worked in this building.
The security guards at the main lobby on the fourth floor didn’t even notice Mystique as she walked in. Mystique was focusing on using her obfuscate ability as best she could. She walked through the checkpoint behind a man in a dark blue business suit, while the guard looked the man over, Mystique slipped by. The area in front of her was filled with elevators. Five oversized elevators were on each side of her with a large open area down the hallway past the elevators.
Mystique went past the elevators and into the reception area. Desks were arranged in a semicircular pattern in the middle of the room with the number of desks in each row increasing with their positioning deeper in the room. Each desk was manned by a sharply dress associate and displayed the name of the executive that person represented. The young lady representing Claudia Montagu sat at a very large desk in the center of the first row. A young man stood next to her desk at what Mystique had learned was military parade rest.
Mystique walked up to Mrs. Montagu’s desk. As she moved closer, Mystique shifted her focus to her obfuscate ability and began to actively turn it off. The woman at the desk looked up when the man next to her cleared his throat and shifted his stance to an almost perfect version of military attention. The only imperfection was the fact that he left his arms hanging loose at his sides instead of pressing against them.
“May I help you?” Charlene asked as she gave Mystique a quick visual inspection. Charlene was a professional and her job depended more on her ability to handle Mrs. Montagu’s visitors than it did on any other skill she possessed.
“I am here to talk to Mrs. Montagu about her son Bruce,” Mystique replied, hoping that using Bruce’s name might get her up to see Mrs. Montagu without trouble.
“I don’t believe you have an appointment, and Mrs. Montagu is very busy today. Would you like to set up an appointment, Miss—” Charlene offered. Mrs. Montagu did not like anyone showing up without an appointment, no matter how important the reason.
“No. I wish to speak to her now. Her son is in danger and I am not in the mood to waste time,” Mystique responded. The man shifted his stance just slightly, getting ready to restrain a teenage girl.
“I need to know your name, Miss,” Charlene demanded, allowing a little aggravation to creep into her voice.
“Mystique Grayson.”
Charlene’s face went pale as she recognized the name. The man standing beside the desk started to move, but Mystique had anticipated the reaction her name was going to cause. Before the man could get his arms up, Mystique planted her foot in the center of his chest. The force of the kick broke ribs and sent the man flying backward. The woman at the desk behind him screamed in surprise as he came crashing across her desk and landed in her lap.
Mystique turned back to face Charlene and instructed: “When you tell her I am coming, let her know that if she insists on sending security after me, a lot of people are going to get hurt.”
Around the room, the initial shock caused by the sudden violence was starting to wear off. A woman started to scream and everyone was scrambling to their feet, unsure whether to evacuate or not. Mystique shifted her focus again to full obfuscate, making her almost invisible within the turmoil. To Charlene’s credit she kept her composure as Mystique vanished. Charlene keyed the direct connection she had with Mrs. Montagu.
Mrs. Montagu was in a meeting but when her phone buzzed she answered it. Charlene was a good assistant and in the few years she’d been working for Mrs. Montagu, she’d only interrupted a meeting twice. The ladies and gentlemen seated at the conference table shifted their attention elsewhere as Claudia’s face reddened. Claudia Montagu was known for her temper and her ability to take control.
***
“Miss Grayson, I will meet you at Charlene’s desk in three minutes. Security, you have two minutes to clear the reception area. I want everyone out of that room and under no circumstance is anyone to engage or threaten Miss Grayson,” Claudia Montagu instructed over the building’s P.A. system. Mystique was standing in a secluded spot near a decorative plant not far from Charlene’s desk. She’d hoped Mrs. Montagu would come up with an idea like this. Security guards entered the room from the main lobby and flagged and instructed people to leave everything and move toward the exit.
The medical personnel were just arriving and started to argue about having to leave. The guards were under orders and didn’t care what the medics had to say. Mystique watched for a few seconds before deciding to try and throw her voice. She’d never done it before, but a few kids at school were adept at making it sound like someone else was talking.
“They can stay.”
Everyone in the room looked up and around. A few guards seemed to take a second look at the plant she was standing near, but for the most part none of them could tell where she was hiding. The guard in charge froze for a few seconds before announcing that the medics could stay. He then motioned for the rest of the guards to evacuate the room. In less than two minutes he was the only guard left in the room. He was wearing a full suite of body armor, including helmet, which Mystique knew was enhancing his vision. The guard also had an assault rifle slung with his right hand holding the pistol grip.
“Miss Grayson, I’ve been instructed to tell you that Mrs. Montagu would prefer to talk to you through me,” the guard announced to the room.
“That’s a lie. I’ll bet Mr. Shensi won’t let her in the same room as me,” Mystique replied, allowing her obfuscate to drop so that the guard could see her. He turned at the sound of her voice, careful not to accidentally aim his rifle at her. No doubt he’d seen the report on what’d really happened at the coffee shop and had talked to the bodyguards. Anyone else threatening him with a knife from twenty feet away, he would have laughed at, but not Mystique. He assumed that she could put the eight-inch throwing knife she was holding through his armor in a few locations including his faceplate.
“Mrs. Montagu would like to know what you want and how her son is involved,” the guard said in a respectful tone.
“Lenard Johnson is after me and I am concerned that he’ll go after Bruce to get to me. Bruce doesn’t understand the type of man Mr. Johnson is. I came here to let Mrs. Montagu know so that she can protect Bruce and his friends while I deal with Mr. Johnson,” Mystique explained as she started walking toward the exit. She absently sheathed the knife she was holding as she went.
“I’ve heard of Mr. Johnson. It’s suicide going against him,” the guard replied.
“It’s good that you know of him; it means you know the danger is real. I’m going to tell Bruce to come here after that he’s your problem. I expect that I’ll be too busy to protect him,” Mystique told the guard as she started to concentrate on her obfuscate ability. The guard had a hard time focusing on Mystique and not looking away. He knew that if he did, he’d never see her again.
The guard announced over his radio that Mystique was headed toward the elevators. Normally it would’ve been the right thing to do, but with Mystique focusing on her obfuscate every member of the squad waiting for her looked down at the same time to focus on the incoming message. They never noticed as Mystique quickly ran past them and down the stairs. Mystique was gone before any of the guards even suspected she was there.
***

Chapter 8
It’s Killing Time
Bruce and his friends were gone. A security detail had arrived at the hotel within minutes of Bruce calling his mother. Bruce had not been happy about Mystique forcing him to leave, but Sam and Alan had been relieved to hear that she wanted them out of town until her business was complete. The three of them had been able to convince Bruce to call his mother and leave Mystique to do whatever she was going to. Bruce had collected all the cash they had and forced Mystique to take it before she left.
Mystique had waited in the lobby to make sure the boys got out safely. The security team was not taking any chances and had arrived in full tactical gear. Word was going to spread, which was probably the point. Anyone going after those kids was going to have a fight on their hands.
Mystique left shortly after the boys and headed toward the entertainment district. She was getting better at turning off her obfuscate, which allowed her to get a taxi. The fact that it was waiting at the hotel entrance was a help. She wasn’t sure she’d ever be able to flag down a taxi on the street. The taxi dropped her at the Nova nightclub. Mystique had remembered seeing a few women standing out front that she was guessing were prostitutes.
A couple of ladies were already standing around and acting like they were waiting for the nightclub to open. They were wearing short skirts, tight, shiny blouses, stockings, and high-heeled shoes. They both looked to see who got out of the taxi but lost interest when they saw Mystique. Mystique thought about approaching them and asking a few questions, but decided to wait until after dark. She felt more comfortable in the dark, so she went for a short walk to get more familiar with the area.
Mystique walked around the area for a few hours learning the names of all the different businesses. She wasn’t interested in meeting anyone, so she allowed herself to remain obfuscated. No one on the street was paying attention and Mystique didn’t think anyone would have noticed her even without her ability. Once she knew the layout of the area, Mystique decided to head to the roof. She could easily climb most of the buildings in the area, so getting up to the roof was an easy task.
Most of the buildings in the area were three- or four-stories tall and had been built pretty close together. Mystique found that she felt more comfortable jumping from rooftop to rooftop to move around. After wandering around, across the roofs for a while, Mystique decided to take a nap. She had no idea how late she was going to be up or even where she would sleep next. So she found an out-of-the-way nook to sit in.
Mystique woke to the sound of music and the feel of the roof vibrating. She was on the roof of a nightclub that was playing its music very loudly. Getting up, Mystique stretched a little, which caused her to realize that she could use a good stretch. Mystique spent the next twenty minutes stretching. It felt good to focus on something that she was comfortable doing. When she was done, she felt much better. She hadn’t realized how stiff she’d become.
Mystique walked over to the edge of the roof and looked down at all the people milling about. Most were club goers trying to decide which nightclub they were going to start the night in. A few were drug dealers doing business just inside the entrances to alleyways. What Mystique was looking for only stood out because of their lack of enthusiasm. The prostitutes mingled with the groups of older men, trying to offer their services for the evening. Mystique watched them looking for their handler. Her mother had told her how most prostitutes had handlers or pimps who were supposed to keep them safe from crazy costumers but normally just took most of the money they made. Her mother had called them evil bastards and, knowing the horrible things her mother was capable of, Mystique didn’t think anyone would get upset if she killed a few.
Mystique had to wait until most of the clubbers had gone into whichever club they’d chosen before finally spotting what she guessed was a handler. The man had left his car and was talking to a group of prostitutes. The body language of the women told Mystique that they were not trying to seduce him, so he wasn’t a customer. Mystique watched as the man started to get angry with the women. One of the women said something that must have aggravated him because he slapped her hard enough to knock her off her feet. When he kicked her, Mystique had seen enough. Her mother was right, at least about this guy.
Mystique quickly climbed down the side of the building she was on. She dropped from ledge to ledge until she reached the alleyway between two nightclubs. She moved to the mouth of the alley and took another look at how the scene had progressed. The woman was still lying on the ground, now curled up in the fetal position. The other women had backed away but were still talking to the man. Mystique didn’t bother introducing or even showing herself. She simply pulled one of her throwing spikes and launched it at the man.
The women let out a mixture of gasps and at least one scream as Mystique’s spike embedded itself deep in the man’s forehead. About two inches of the six-inch spike was left protruding from the wound. The man collapsed, his head snapping back and carrying the rest of his body with it. The more experienced women started to run, followed by the younger girls. Within seconds the only two left on the sidewalk were the corpse and the unconscious woman.
Mystique backed down the alley and started climbing back up to the roof. She could hear the sound of the police sirens as she reached the rooftop. Mystique moved to a concealed location that allowed her to observe what happened below. The police took almost five minutes to arrive. The first cruiser stopped about twenty feet before the corpse and parked in a way to block the road. A second car arrived from the opposite direction and did the same at that end. Mystique almost missed the low hum given of the police drone as it flew overhead. The drone was equipped with a camera and a Taser. It was searching the rooftops for the attacker, or anyone who may have seen the attack. Mystique concentrated on blending into the shadows and stayed very still.
The police spent almost two hours investigating the scene. They talked to anyone who may have seen what happened. The coroner arrived, as well as a forensics team, to investigate the scene and collect physical evidence. Mystique was confident that the only evidence she’d left was the spike. She’d found out while having her fake ID made that she had no fingerprints. The pads of her fingers were smooth without the standard lines.
Mystique was careful to stay hidden from the drones flying around as she watched. Finally, the last of the police left the area. The two nearest nightclubs to where the murder had taken place closed early and its patrons had mostly moved on. A few had cut their evenings short and were no longer in the mood to party. The drones were the last to leave, taking another hour before flying off. Mystique made a mental note to be careful that no drones were in the area of her attacks.
***
Mystique spent the next day watching the streets from the roofs above. She only ventured down to street level twice for food and to use the restroom. She noted a slight decrease in the number of prostitutes on the streets. Otherwise, life on the street seemed to be going on as normal.
Meanwhile Major Castleman read the police report on the murder and knew it was Mystique’s doing. It’d taken her longer than he expected for her to leave a body where the police could find it. He assumed the pimp was not her first victim. Now that one of her killings had made the news, he was going to have to start looking for her. Why hadn’t she stayed hidden? He knew she could’ve remained a ghost for months. He just prayed that she wasn’t going to unleash Shektee.
Elsewhere, Lady Donavan opened the message and quickly read. It was from Captain Remington, Special Investigator, Psionics Division of the Federation Marshal Service. He wanted Lady Donavan to meet him at 2:00 p.m. in his hotel room in the Hyatt hotel. She closed the note and dropped it into the special incinerator slot of her desk. The note would be shredded and then flash incinerated to make it impossible for anyone to recover it. Lady Donavan smiled, thinking that finally someone was here who would be able to handle Mystique and that creature she’d summoned. Daemon and his sister had gotten away, but Mystique was still here.
Lady Donavan got up from her desk and started to collect the files she planned on bringing to Captain Remington. Then she went to freshen up before leaving for lunch and her meeting. No one at the embassy thought twice about her leaving early, or wondered what she had in her handbag.
***
Mystique watched the sun set from the roof of one of the nightclubs. The sun had a red glow to it that evening. It would be another few hours before people started arriving at the nightclubs. There were a few prostitutes working the street and Mystique thought a few of the men looked like watchmen.
Mystique moved around the rooftops looking for a good ambush spot. She’d wait until it was fully dark so that the alley she’d chosen had light only from the main street. She made sure that there was a manhole entrance to the sewer. Once she found the location she was looking for, she sat back and waited.
The crowd was dressed a bit darker tonight with more black outfits and makeup. Mystique thought it strange when a few of the party goers actually laid down in the outline of where the corpse had been. Mystique had spotted six men with concealed weapons watching the crowd. She was confident that they were not members of the police force because of the way they reacted to the police cruiser driving through the area. Her main concern was the police drone that she’d spotted watching from above. It was moving around the area and she wasn’t sure about its search pattern. Mystique was going to have to be fast in order to stay off the camera.
Mystique waited until most of the crowd had entered the nightclubs. Those remaining outside showed little interest in going inside, so Mystique decided it was time to act. She dropped down into the alley and carefully moved to the entrance. Three of the six men had moved to a sedan parked on the side of the street. They seemed to be talking with the man in the back of the sedan. The man in the backseat was the one she really wanted to talk to, but she didn’t think he was going to leave the car.
Mystique checked the location of the other three men. Two were talking to a group of prostitutes while the last was talking to a girl dressed in a black leather outfit and makeup. The girl didn’t look much older than Mystique.
Mystique stepped a little out of the alley holding three spikes. As fast as she could, she threw each spike at a different target. First was the lone man next to the girl, then the two with the prostitutes. All three men dropped to the ground, dead, a throwing spike protruding from their skulls. Mystique waited a few seconds once the screaming had started before ducking back into the alleyway. She made sure at least one of the three remaining men noticed her.
The men drew their pistols and headed for the alley. The man in the car decided it was time to leave. Mystique climbed one of the side walls to a ledge about ten feet up. She pulled an eight-inch hunting knife with a blackened blade and waited. The men stayed in a tight group as they entered the alley. Two advanced side by side while the third brought up the rear. Mystique waited as they moved under and past her location. As the last man was stepping underneath her, Mystique jumped down and struck him on the shoulders. The man stumbled forward into his friends, dazed by the sudden attack. Mystique fell into a crouch, swinging out with her knife to slice open the backs of the knees of the man on the right.
The other man in front swung his pistol around and fired frantically behind him. Mystique stabbed forward into the man’s groin. Her target wasn’t his genitals but the artery in the leg next to them. The spray of blood exiting the wound when she pulled her knife out told her she’d hit her mark and that the man would be dead in seconds.
The first man she had dropped onto was regaining his balance and was taking better aim than his friend. Mystique dove forward underneath his aim and past him as he started firing. It was a risky move but she needed him alive and able to talk, so she couldn’t kill him. Instead she kicked back, buckling his right leg toppling him over. Before she could hit him again, her right arm ignited in flames of pain as the man with the cut knees fired his pistol. Ignoring the pain as best she could, Mystique dodged the next bullet, causing it to just graze her right shoulder.
Mystique swung around, kicking the man in the chin snapping his head up and breaking his jaw. He dropped unconscious and in need of medical help. Mystique had learned a painful lesson and moved again. The gunman with the cut artery was weakening due to blood loss, but he was still able to fire his pistol. His aim was just a little too slow or he would have put a hole in Mystique’s head; as it happened, he shot his companion, ending his need for medical assistance.
Mystique was on her feet now and kicked the man’s wrist, sending his pistol skittering across the alley. A quick snap kick to his knee sent him to the ground screaming in pain, where he would bleed out. The final assailant was back on his feet and grabbed Mystique by the right arm and twisted. He had expected her to collapse in agony but instead she mule kicked him in the chest. The pain was there but the combination of shock and adrenaline numbed her to the majority of it. The man collapsed as the air in his lungs was unexpectedly forced out. Mystique staggered as he fell, pulling her with him.
Mystique didn’t give the man time to recover before she started dragging him to the open manhole. As she reached the manhole, the man pulled hard, hoping to pull her off balance. What he hadn’t expected was that Mystique’s judo training allowed her to use his strength to propel her through her leap over him. She landed a little awkwardly, but with enough balance to plant her foot in his groin. He let out a howl as she grabbed his legs and lifted, toppling him into the hole.
Mystique took a few seconds to retrieve her knife and sheath it. A quick scan of the area reveled that a police drone was flying toward her. Mystique ran for the hole and dropped in using her legs to slow her decent. The fall was only twenty feet and the man was lying unmoving at the bottom. Mystique landed on him, causing him to grunt in renewed pain. Good the fall hadn’t accidently killed him, Mystique thought to herself.
Mystique moved the man into a sitting position and slapped his face lightly a few times to wake him up. She didn’t have time to wait for him to regain consciousness slowly. She could hear the drone hovering above the hole and she needed information.
“Wake up! Where can I find your boss? What’s his address?” Mystique alternated between slapping the man and shouting questions at him.
Finally, the man started to show signs of understanding, so Mystique added the promise to let him live if he told her. The man mumbled an address that Mystique repeated back to him to make sure she understood him correctly. Once he nodded that she had it right, Mystique drove two fingers into his Adam’s apple, crushing his windpipe. There were only two people Mystique wouldn’t lie to: Angelica and Shektee.
Mystique left the man lying there as she slogged off down the sewer pipe. She hadn’t gotten very far when she heard the sound of a drone entering the pipe. Within seconds, a sonic grenade detonated. The pipe acted like a sounding tube channeling the blast. Mystique staggered as the sound wave of the grenade washed over her. The grenade was designed to disorientate anyone within the blast radius, making it easy for the authorities to apprehend them.
The remote pilot of the drone hadn’t anticipated the echo effect caused by the pipe. He’d hoped to cause the assailant to make some noise so that he could get an idea of which direction to go. The problem was that the echo was masking any sound made in the pipes. He was going to have to flip a coin and hope he got the right direction. Luckily for Mystique, the pilot’s coin toss sent the drone in the wrong direction.
Mystique hurried down the pipe as quickly as she could. Her ears were ringing and her balance was off, but she could still move so she forced herself to. A hundred feet farther down the pipe Mystique found a ladder to another manhole cover. She wasn’t sure where she was but she wanted out of the sewer, so she started to climb. She listened at the cover for a few minutes, trying to figure out what was going on above her. Finally Mystique lifted the cover and slid it out of the way. A quick look revealed that Mystique was going to have to find another exit. A vehicle was parked right on top of the manhole and there wasn’t enough clearance for her to crawl out.
Mystique was starting to get worried as she dropped back into the sewer pipe. It was taking her too long to get out of the sewer and the police knew she was inside it. They’d be focusing their resources on first keeping her contained within the sewer, then they’d come in after her. Her arm was bleeding and the adrenaline rush from the fight had worn off so now her arm hung limp at her side. She was going to have to find medical assistance for it soon, before any infection set in. First things first, she had to get moving.
***
While Mystique made her way through the sewer above her, Captain Remington announced his presence and took over the pursuit. He’d brought with him a squad of specially trained commandos with some of the best high-tech equipment in the Federation. The Federation Marshal Service had jurisdiction and supreme authority on every Federation planet. They tended to work behind the scenes, keeping their participation in most matters as quiet as possible. In matters concerning extra-dimensional creatures and rogue psionics, they didn’t concern themselves with diplomacy or appearance. The danger was too great.
Captain Remington had police blocking and or covering every sewer exit within a ten-block radius. He and his men were preparing to enter the sewer at the location of the fight. Once inside the sewer, they’d head in the opposite direction the drone had gone. The sewer pipes were long and straight and the captain intended to launch a great number of concussion grenades.
The file on Mystique was a lot more detailed than Captain Remington had expected or hoped for. The file on her companion, however, had really surprised him. It contained its name, a few pictures of it, a list of a few of its abilities, and an amateur video of its true form. The creature appeared to be a shapeshifter with some mind-control abilities. The good news was that it appeared to be vulnerable to bullets. Each man in his squad had studied both files so that they knew what they were going up against. Four out of the six men in the squad were equipped with 20mm gauss cannons, which were capable of taking out all but the heaviest armored vehicles. The other two members had heavy plasma rifles, which he hoped they wouldn’t have to use. Each man was also equipped with a grenade launcher loaded with concussion grenades.
The last red light switched to green, signaling that every member of the squad was ready to go. Captain Remington sent them the go signal and one by one they lowered into the sewer. Once they’d formed up and were ready to move out, Captain Remington gave them a quick reminder of their orders. “All right, the girl was the only one sighted, but be ready for the creature to pop up at any moment. We’re to try and take the girl alive. The creature gets sent back to whatever hell it crawled out of.”
“Move out. Weapons free of any contact. The girl is hard to detect, so any sign of contact, I want a concussion grenade popped.”
The lead man activated his counter-grav harness and started to float down the tunnel, the rest of the squad falling in behind him, staggering their ranks as best they could. A little over a hundred feet down the tunnel, the lead man encountered his first contact and without hesitating launched a grenade at the location. The grenade detonated on impact, killing the rat that’d registered on the man’s scanner. The echo of the explosion traveled for quite a distance and lasted almost a minute before finally fading.
The squad halted for just a few seconds to verify the source of the scanner blip before continuing down the tunnel. Captain Remington realized that the explosion had given away their presence and decided to see if he could scare Mystique into surrendering. He instructed the lead man to fire a volley of five concussion grenades down the pipe, spacing their detonations out one hundred feet apart.
***
Mystique heard the first explosion and braced herself against the wall as she tried to figure out what’d triggered it. It was different from the shrieker grenade the drone had launched. After a few seconds, Mystique started to move again. She’d tried three more manholes but each had a vehicle parked on it. She was starting to get seriously concerned. Even if the police couldn’t see her, they’d still be able to catch her if they continued to use grenades.
She hadn’t gotten far when the volley of concussion grenades started to detonate down the pipe and toward her. The last grenade detonated a mere thirty feet behind her. The force of the blast knocked her into the wall of the pipe, slamming her against her wounded arm and shoulder. Mystique staggered a few feet before falling to her knees unable to recover her balance.
Mystique struggled to stand, leaning heavily on the wall. A few yards up the tunnel was a smaller side pipe. She tried to focus on making it to that pipe. Once she reached the mouth of the pipe she had to drop back to her knees and crawl in order to fit. She made it about ten feet before collapsing.
Mystique had thought about summoning Shektee after she’d left but decided against it. Mystique was pretty sure that Shektee had been summoned by the ancient and she didn’t want to interfere in whatever it wanted her for. The situation had changed, though now she needed help so she took a few deep breaths to try and clear her head. Mystique focused on the phrase and prepared herself before starting the chant.
***
Shektee was sitting at the desk working on the second copy of the book when she first felt the tug of the summoning. She quickly grabbed the copy she’d completed and focused on the ancient. Within seconds she was standing before him.
“Mystique has started to summon me. I believe she is in danger. I have finished your copy of the book, master,” Shektee said as she handed him the copy.
“Go and check Cathleen’s memories for more knowledge when you have a chance. You can complete your copy when you return.”
Shektee stopped resisting the pull of the summoning and vanished.
***
Dark clouds appeared over the city as Mystique chanted. Lightning crackled across the sky as the energy of the summoning built up. Within seconds, Mystique could feel the resistance to the chant. She had to focus and force herself to continue to repeat the strange words.
Captain Remington and his men froze in place as the scanners in their armor started to pick up the buildup of energy. Their initial readings told them that the center of the buildup was just a few hundred yards down the pipe. Captain Remington had thought to advance, assuming it was the girl or the creature with her causing the strange energy readings, but the energy levels had quickly increased to well above safe limits.
Lightning started to rain down on the city near where Mystique hid. Small arcs of electricity danced through the sewer pipes. Mystique saw the electric arcs flash over her and worried she’d be electrocuted, but none touched her. Quickly the tunnel she was in filled with constant flashes of bright blue-white light. Mystique tried to shield her eyes while she continued to repeat the chant.
Finally a bolt struck mere feet from Mystique. It blasted the plastacrete walls of the pipe to dust as it released enough energy to power the entire city for months. Every living creature within a mile that was in contact with the sewer water was electrocuted. Captain Remington and his men were partially protected by the insulation in their armor, but even it had been overloaded. Each of them lay unconscious, locked inside their smoking tombs. Mystique had been protected by the magic of the chant and was unharmed except for the spots burned into her eyes from the bright flash.
Shektee stood motionless in the center of the blast crater. By resisting the pull of the summoning, she’d caused Mystique to channel more energy this time. Shektee had absorbed some of the energy and was feeling more powerful then she’d ever felt before. Her hunger was completely satisfied for the first time in her existence. As the shock of the unexpected infusion of power started to wear off, Shektee looked around. The first thing she noticed was the smell of blood coming from Mystique.
Mystique had crawled back into the main tunnel where Shektee had appeared. She hadn’t thought about where Shektee would appear when she’d started the chant. Shektee knelt down and helped Mystique stand, inspecting her for wounds as she did. Shektee noted the bullet hole in her arm and the wound on her shoulder. Shektee took a few moments to overcome her instinct before reaching out and healing Mystique. Expending her own life energy for the sake of another went against every instinct Shektee had but she did so knowing that she would be allowed to replace that energy with interest.
Mystique knew that Shektee had been trained by Angelica to heal but hadn’t expected her to unless the injuries were life-threatening. She was grateful that she’d been wrong. Mystique noted a difference in the way the healing worked between Angelica and Shektee. While Angelica’s felt like a warm tingling sensation, Shektee’s felt more painful. Mystique’s arm and shoulder felt like they were on fire while Shektee channeled the healing energy into her.
“There are six men down the tunnel. That way,” Shektee informed Mystique as she pointed toward Captain Remington and his men. “Their life energy is weak and getting weaker.”
“Let’s go take a look,” Mystique suggested as she started moving toward the men. Shektee took a moment to look up at the evening sky through the crater left by the summoning.
Mystique spotted the suits of armor and recognized them as the same type of powered battle armor used by the ambassador’s personal guard. A quick survey of the armor told her that none of the suits were working. From what Mystique knew about the armor, she guessed that the men inside were suffocating. She thought about leaving them, but decided that Angelica wouldn’t like her leaving them to die. She tried to remove one of their helmets but found that the locking mechanism was fused.
“Can you get their helmets off or break their visors without killing them?” Mystique asked Shektee.
“We’ll see,” Shektee replied as she transformed into her combat form. She reached down and lifted one of the men by his helmet. Using the claw that had replaced her index finger, she scratched a line in the metal of the helm. A few more passes turned the line into a furrow; another few and she split the helm in two.
Mystique moved the other men into the seated position, leaning them up against the walls as Shektee opened the rest of their helms. She checked their breathing to make sure they were alive and also took note of their nameplates and the equipment they were carrying. When Shektee was finished, she stood next to Mystique, shifting back into her human form.
“Shektee, will you please find out who these guys are and why they were hunting me,” Mystique requested. Shektee didn’t respond, she simply bent down and gave each man a long kiss.
“This is their leader. His name is Gerald Remington, Captain in the Federation Marshal Service, psionics division,” Shektee stated as she pointed at Captain Remington.
“That doesn’t sound good. Let’s get out of here.”
***

Chapter 9
Return of a Friend
Mystique sat back against a large pipe on the roof of a building in the warehouse district. She’d just finished telling Shektee what’d happened in her absence. Shektee told Mystique that the Federation Marshal’s memories had been protected against her mind probe. She’d only been able to get a small amount of information.
“I have no idea, but I know someone who does. I’m going to have to contact Major Castleman. He will know who they are,” Mystique replied.
“How do you plan on doing that?”
“I figured I would steal a phone and call him from a taxi; that should make it difficult for him to track where we are if we’re moving.”
“How can he track you if you are using a phone?” Shektee asked, annoyed at her own ignorance of modern technology.
“They can trace the phone signal back to where it’s coming from. I am not sure how, but I know they can do it,” Mystique replied. “I am going to get some sleep. You might as well go hunt for a bit.”
Shektee looked around, trying to decide if Mystique would be safe while she was gone. She really wanted to do some hunting and she had to find Cathleen, but if anything happened to Mystique, she would be in serious trouble. Mystique leaned her head back and closed her eyes, trying to relax. After a minute Mystique told Shektee to stop worrying and just go, so she did.
***
The police took over thirty minutes to get to Captain Remington and his men. During that time, he and most of his men had regained consciousness and had found a near-fatal design flaw in their armor. They were unable to move or remove their armor. The electrical shock had fused most, if not all, of the electronic circuits and motors, effectively welding all of their joints in place. The sight of their helmets lying cut in half next to them was a bit unnerving.
Captain Remington had never heard of anyone being able to put out that much energy. He was going to have to re-evaluate his entire plan. He’d read about spontaneous psionic events where people with limited psionic ability could manifest extremely strong psionic outbursts in response to high stress. Being cornered in these tunnels must have been stressful enough; adding the grenades must have pushed her over. Her sister is supposed to be very powerful, so maybe it’s possible.
One thing was for sure: Mystique had control over the demon. He had seen powered armor torn open by demon claws before but never like this. The creature that did this took its time and made sure not to carve open the skull of the person inside. They’d been unconscious and completely at the mercy of the girl and her demon. She’d chosen to spare their lives. This knowledge caused a slight pang of guilt in Remington because he knew that her act of mercy was probably going to cost her life. He wasn’t going to give her any chance to incapacitate them again; next time they met, he’d unleash everything he had on her.
The first thing he was going to have to do once they finally got him out of his armor was to get more equipment. He had a destroyer parked in high orbit ready to give him whatever support he needed. He’d be able to replace most of the gear he’d lost. The gear wouldn’t be as good, but it would have to do. It also looked like at least a few of his men would require some time in the regeneration tank.
Captain Remington was also going to have to speak with Ambassador Quinn and Major Castleman. He needed to find out how much of a political mess this was going to cause and what had been left out of the file he had on the Graysons. The file said Mystique had worked with Castleman training his men to deal with intruders. He’d also arranged for her hand-to-hand combat training. He needed to know exactly how proficient she was. He didn’t plan on getting close enough for hand-to-hand combat, but he didn’t want to take any chances. She’d already beaten him once. He wasn’t going to let it happen again.
***
Mystique sat in the back of the taxi and dialed the number for Major Castleman’s office. Shektee had hailed the taxi and beguiled the driver into giving them his phone, and then instructed him to drive them around the city for a while. Mystique had decided not to call Angelica’s phone in case Castleman was being watched. She didn’t want to cause him trouble or cause people to think they were working together. As the phone started ringing, Mystique held it out so that Shektee could hear the conversation as well.
Castleman’s assistant answered on the second ring. “Security, Major Castleman’s office; how may I help you?”
“I’d like to speak to Major Castleman, please,” Mystique replied, trying to sound formal.
“I am sorry but the major is in a meeting. May I ask who is calling?”
Mystique knew that the major used the excuse of being in a meeting to avoid calls from certain people. “Tell him that Mystique Grayson is on the line. If I don’t hear his voice within fifteen seconds I’m hanging up.”
“Please hold,” the assistant requested as he keyed in the commands to start a trace on the call and activate the intercom to the communications center where Captain Remington and Major Castleman were.
“Mystique Grayson is on line one. Major Castleman has ten seconds to answer before she hangs up. A trace of the call has been started,” the assistant’s voice announced, causing a stunned silence to fall over the room. Captain Remington had been in the middle of interrogating Major Castleman about Mystique. Castleman didn’t hesitate in reaching for the phone.
“Mystique, you have a lot of people upset. I know you think you need to protect Angelica, but you need to stop and turn yourself in,” Castleman said, knowing it wasn’t going to work, but it gave the people in the room time to think of what to do.
“Major, who is Captain Remington of the Federation Marshal Service, Psionics Division, and why was he shooting grenades at me?” Mystique asked.
“I am,” Captain Remington answered before Major Castleman could say anything. “The major is right. You need to turn yourself in before anyone else gets hurt.”
“Captain, why are you after me?”
“We simply have a few questions for you,” Remington lied
“If you are going to lie then I see no reason in talking to you. Major, who is this guy?”
This time Major Castleman spoke first: “He’s with the Federation. He was sent here to hunt down the creature with you and make sure you don’t summon any more.”
“I take it that the fact that I am not a citizen of the Federation doesn’t matter.” Mystique tried to sound despondent but didn’t think she was good enough to fool anyone.
“You’re on Federation soil and I have the backing of Ambassador Quinn. Turning yourself in is the only way you’ll survive,” Captain Remington explained, allowing a little emotion into his voice.
“Captain, this is Shektee, the creature you’re hunting. You would do well to leave us alone and let us finish our business. You have no idea the terror that will befall this planet if Mystique is killed.”
Captain Remington had hunted and killed a dozen creatures and never once had one ever tried to communicate in any way. They’d all been mindless killing machines; this Shektee was something new. If he could capture her, the information that could be extracted from her would be priceless.
“Major,” Mystique started, making sure that he knew who she was talking to. “I’m asking you to please not send any of your men after me. I don’t want to have to harm them. I’m not threatening you or your men, just stating my intentions to defend myself. I’ll contact you again when my business is complete.”
Before Major Castleman could reply, Mystique ended the call. She’d stayed on the phone longer than she’d intended. She asked the taxi driver to pull over. Mystique left the phone on the backseat and had Shektee instruct the man to continue driving around until the police stopped him. As the taxi pulled away, the two ducked into an alley. Mystique focused on obfuscating herself while Shektee changed forms to mimic one of the school girls she’d seen.
Captain Remington quickly contacted his tech sergeant to find out the statues of the trace. The sergeant informed him that he had a lock on the phone and that it was moving. The rest of the team was waiting in one of the attack shuttles. Captain Remington gave the order for the team to move out. They were to locate and report on the target.
Major Castleman thought about trying to convince Captain Remington to leave Mystique alone, but decided that it’d only cause the captain to become more suspicious of him. He’d spent enough time with men like the captain to know that no matter how he felt, the mission came first. He liked Mystique but not enough to risk his career for her.
“I doubt they’ll find her anywhere near the phone, but I have to try,” Captain Remington stated as he waited for his men to check in.
“You realize that if you take out Mystique and not Shektee, there won’t be anything stopping Shektee from committing mass murder. And she doesn’t strike me as the killing-rampage type that will be easily found,” Castleman observed.
“What do you know about Shektee? I read all the reports and to be honest I didn’t believe them. I want to know what’s true and what isn’t, and what isn’t in them. I know you filed the report on the Graysons with a certain amount of discretion and I’m not faulting you for it. I just need to better understand what I’m hunting.”
“She’s patient and cunning. She has the ability to control people and have them do whatever she wants, plus she can change her appearance at will. Shektee said she serves Daemon because he bested her in a fight. I am pretty sure that’s a load of crap. We’re nothing but food to her and the only way she’s going to serve any of us is on a platter. Something else is going on; I’m pretty sure Daemon does have control of her, but I’m not sure why,” Major Castleman explained.
“That doesn’t make sense. The person who summons the creature is the only one capable of controlling it. Mystique summoned it, so she’s in control,” Captain Remington contradicted.
“Maybe that’s the way it’s supposed to work, but it isn’t how she was acting. She waited for his permission before doing anything. The only reason she’s following Mystique’s orders is because he told her to. Mystique is his stepsister and Shektee is under orders to keep her safe. I’ll bet my life on it, so if you kill Mystique before you kill her, then Shektee will be free to do as she pleases,” Castleman stated, trying to convey how serious he was.
“Point taken. Now do you have any idea what Mystique’s business is?” Remington asked, getting a bit annoyed at the major’s melodramatics.
“I am confident that she’s after Lenard Johnson. He’s suspected of ordering Mystique kidnapped in an attempt to gain control of Angelica. It was during the kidnapping that Shektee was summoned.”
“Where is this Lenard Johnson? If Mystique is after him, then we can just sit on him and wait for her to come to us.”
“That’s going to be easier said than done. Mr. Johnson is the local crime boss. He has connections everywhere and a small army of lawyers to keep anyone with a badge away from him. There’s no way you’re going to get close enough to catch Mystique without Mr. Johnson knowing, and once he knows, those lawyers will have you under arrest.”
Captain Remington chuckled at the idea of some criminal’s lawyer getting him arrested. “Just get me his location and let me worry about any legal trouble.”
There was something about the way Remington laughed that made Castleman uneasy. He didn’t wait to be dismissed; instead, Castleman just turned and headed out of communications central without a word. He was headed for his office to make a few phone calls. He wanted to find out just how much authority a special investigator of the federation marshal service had. He also needed to find out where they could find Lenard Johnson.
***
Lenny sat at his desk and listened as Michael explained how seven of his men had been killed and nobody had a clue who did it or why. The first kill was easy. Anybody capable of killing can kill a lone unsuspecting target. What bothered him was that six of his soldiers were killed in a single attack. The killer had been good enough to kill three of them before anyone even realized that they were under attack. The other three had been prepared and alert and they still died without killing any of their assailants.
“Our friends on the force have only been able to tell us that the Federation Marshal Services has taken over the investigation and crime scene. They’re not letting anyone near the scene of the fight or the explosion.”
“Who’s in charge of the Marshals? What do we know about him?”
“A Captain Remington. I do not know anything about him yet. I have a few people looking into him. I should have his life history in a few days.”
“Good. As soon as you get it, I want you to figure out how to get him to tell us what’s going on. Whoever’s coming after us, I want them in body bags, and if they have family or friends, I want them dead too.” Lenny stated slamming his empty scotch glass down on his desk, signaling the end of the discussion.
***

Chapter 10
It’s a Party and Everyone’s Invited?
Mystique knew they had to hurry. Whoever this Captain Remington was, he had authority over Major Castleman, which meant he’d know everything the major knew about her objective. They had to find and kill Lenny fast, before the captain could take him into protective custody. Once Lenny was in custody, Captain Remington could set whatever trap he wanted and she’d have no choice but to walk right into it. She was pretty sure they could still get to Lenny, but it would be much more difficult.
The first thing they needed to do was to find someone who knew where Lenny was. Tracking down the pimp and forcing him to tell her if he knew would take time. So who else would know something about the crime boss of the city? Mystique tried to think as she followed Shektee. She had no idea where Shektee was going, but it was always easier to follow in her wake than to try to move around people who didn’t see her.
Mystique was so focused on trying to figure out an answer to her problem that she almost walked into Shektee. Shektee had stopped and was looking appraisingly at the building they were in front of. Mystique looked up and read the title: Wilfred Public Library.
“What are we doing here?”
“Librarians are the dealers in knowledge. We need knowledge of where to find Mr. Johnson,” Shektee said as if she were lecturing a child.
“I don’t think they’ll be able to help, but I don’t have any better idea,” Mystique replied as she headed up the steps to the door. When Shektee did not move to follow, Mystique asked, “You coming?”
“Yes. I was just checking to see what wards were guarding the building. Where I am from, knowledge is literally power and the librarians guard it very closely” Shektee explained as she warily moved up the steps.
“Let me know if you sense anything,” Mystique instructed as she remembered the effect the last ward had on Shektee.
The library was a large, four-story building. The first three floors were filled with rows of bookshelves, as well as large tables. The fourth floor had offices and private studies. There were dozens of people searching the shelves or who were seated reading. Mystique still didn’t understand why people were so obsessed with printed books when books on computers were so much easier to access.
A large desk was near the entrance and a group of college students seemed to be talking with an ancient gentleman. They were talking in hushed tones. None of them had realized Mystique or Shektee had entered, which was not unusual for her, but Shektee normally got everyone’s attention. Mystique saw that Shektee was still acting a bit subdued and serious, so she decided it was up to her to see if there was anyone who could help them.
Walking up to the help desk and the group of people there, Mystique decided to take the direct approach. “Excuse me. Could any of you tell me anything about Lenard Johnson? He is supposedly the crime boss in this city.”
The group turned in unison to look at Mystique. One of the boys started to chuckle as the old man gave a dismissing wave of his hand. “That is not a name to be spoken lightly, young lady.”
Well that is a surprise, Mystique thought; the old man knows of Lenard. “Do you know where I can find him?”
“You looking to join the mob?” asked the boy who had laughed at her. Mystique ignored him, staring at the old man.
“Young lady, Mr. Johnson is not a topic I will be discussing with you or anyone else,” the old man stated, trying to end the conversation.
Mystique didn’t have the time or patience to try and convince the old man to tell her what he knew so she decided to motivate him. Before anyone realized she was attacking, Mystique shot her right hand out and slammed her open palm into the old man’s chest. The impact sent the man toppling over the desk. Expecting the others to attack, Mystique stepped into the space vacated by the old man and unleashed a flurry of blows intended to disorientate them. But instead of simply distracting them, Mystique had all of them lying on the floor moaning from the wounds she had inflicted.
It took Mystique a few seconds to realize what she’d done. Shektee stood back smiling as she drank in the emotions emitted by the group. Mystique was in no danger from these men. As she began to realize how helpless the men were, she realized that the other people in the library were watching her and more than a few had started moving toward the exits.
“Enough. All I know is that he works out of an office building near the spaceport,” the old man told her from the floor.
“Thanks,” Mystique said to the gentleman as she turned and headed for the exit. A security guard was standing near the door with a frightened look on his face. The guard looked almost as old as the man at the desk and half as robust. He did have a Taser pistol but he didn’t give the impression that he even remembered he was armed. Mystique kept an eye on him as she walked past him and out of the library.
Shektee couldn’t stop herself; the man’s fear was so strong and tasty. As she passed by him, she shifted her face just a little to make herself look terrifying. The spike of fear emanating from the man caused Shektee to lose control. She reached out with her tongue and drank in the man’s essence, her tongue caressing his face. The sight was too much for the old guard’s heart, and he died of fright as the footlong tongue touched his face. The coroner would call it a massive coronary.
“Was that really necessary?” Mystique asked, a little annoyed. Now they really had to get out of the area fast. Captain Remington would know they were here and the man’s death would be just one more reason for him to want to kill them.
“His fear tasted so good, I couldn’t resist,” Shektee explained, her voice full of lust and desire.
“Get us a car; we need to get out of here quick.”
Shektee nodded her understanding and headed down the steps to the curb. Once she reached the curb, she barely started to signal for a ride when a man in a silver sedan pulled up alongside her. Shektee looked in and winked at the man as Mystique moved up beside her. Shektee opened the passenger door, allowing Mystique to move in and flip the seat forward so she could climb into the backseat. The man, annoyed, looked at Mystique but quickly forgot all about her as Shektee slid in next to him.
“Would you be a dear and take my sister and I to the spaceport?” Shektee asked as she leaned over and kissed the man on the cheek. She was careful not to consume any of his essence as she took control of his mind. Mystique sat back and relaxed, trusting Shektee to get them to the spaceport.
***
“Captain, Mr. Johnson is at his office in the Carlisle Shipping building. His office is on the sixth floor, northeast corner,” Major Castleman stated as he walked into the communications center. Captain Remington had taken over the center as his command post with Ambassador Quinn’s blessing.
“Thank you, major, that’s good news.”
“I want two attack shuttles loaded with troops and ordnance on a launch pad ready to deploy in five minutes. I want eyes on that building and spotters inside. The spotters are not to engage. I don’t care how vulnerable the targets appear.”
“Are we going to inform Mr. Johnson that he is in danger?” Major Castleman asked once the captain stopped barking orders.
“No, my objective is to neutralize the extra-dimensional threat, not save some lowlife mobster. If she gets to him before we take her down, then it’s his bad luck for pissing her off in the first place.”
“Sir, I think the targets were just at the Wilfred Public Library. The police were called to a disturbance at the library. It seems the librarian and a group of students were assaulted by a young lady who nobody could describe, and one of the guards died of an apparent heart attack after being kissed by the girl’s partner,” stated one of the techs monitoring police communications.
“Any idea what they were there for?”
“They wanted information on Lenard Johnson,” replied the technician.
“Send someone there to find out if there’s any additional information we can use,” the Captain instructed as he turned back to Major Castleman.
“This creature is definitely different than the others of her kind; she killed a man with a kiss,” Captain Remington observed. He wished he could think of a way to capture her alive.
“Major, I am going to the spaceport. I want you to get a squad of your men ready to back me up. Your men have worked with Mystique, so they’ll be better suited to deal with her than the local police.”
“Ambassador Quinn has instructed me to assist you in any way. My men and I will be ready when you call,” Major Castleman stated a bit more formally than was necessary.
***
“You know, it doesn’t matter how fast we get to the spaceport; Remington is going to be waiting for us at Mr. Johnson’s, or he is going to take him prisoner and make us come to him,” Shektee said as they rode to the spaceport.
“I was just thinking about that. We still don’t even know which building near the spaceport Lenny is in. We need to find someone who knows exactly where he lives, eats, and works. The only people I can think of who might have that kind of information are the police. Alan said that his father was a detective and had told him about Mr. Johnson. I think we should contact Detective Montgomery and see what he can find out for us.”
“Darling, we’ve had a change of plans; I want you to take us to the entertainment district,” Shektee cooed to the driver.
“We just have to figure out how to get him to tell us the information.”
“Leave that to me. I have many ways of motivating humans to do what I want,” Shektee said with an evil grin.
“Okay. Just remember he’s been helpful in the past, so try not to turn him into an enemy. We seem to have enough of those already,” Mystique replied as she sat back and tried to relax.
“That takes most of the fun out of it, but I’ll still be able to get his help.”
“Okay, have the driver drop me at the meatpacking plant. I’ll rest there while you contact Detective Montgomery.”
Shektee gave the driver the address and relaxed while he drove them to their hideout. She thought about the men she had left tied up in the back room and wondered what Mystique’s reaction was going to be. They were all bad men according to Daemon’s definition, and Mystique had given her permission to use the torture room for her own entertainment and feeding.
“Bleen, it looks like a bunch of people are here,” Mystique said as they pulled into the parking lot and found half a dozen other cars parked there.
“Those are the cars of the men I have collected,” Shektee explained.
“What?”
“When you sent me to hunt, I brought some of my prey here to play with. I have one of them keeping the others fed and watered while I am with you. He is very weak-willed and has been helpful,” Shektee started to explain.
“That’s enough. I don’t care what you do in there and I also don’t need to know the details,” Mystique cut in.
“I’ll be in the front area,” Mystique told her as she got out of the car. “Could you have your guy get rid of some on these cars? No need attracting any attention.”
“Sure. While we’re here, mind if I feed a little?” Shektee asked, knowing they needed to find Mr. Johnson but also wanting to quell her ever-present hunger for a while.
“Go ahead, but don’t take too long. The longer we give Remington to plan and set up his trap, the harder it’ll be to beat it,” Mystique replied as she started walking to the front of the building.
***
Detective Montgomery proved to be a lot more difficult to manipulate than Shektee had expected. He’d already broken free of her charm spell, so it would’ve been harder to affect him again and the affect wouldn’t last as long. So she tried to seduce him using a variety of physical forms but none seemed to catch his attention.
Finally, out of frustration, she walked up to his desk in the police precinct disguised as a uniformed policewoman. “Detective, Mystique needs your assistance and has sent me here to get it. She needs all the information you have on Lenard Johnson.” His reaction was not what she had expected.
“I was wondering if that was you playing some game. It was you flirting with me? Castleman told me that you could change your appearance,” He asked as he leaned forward over the desk.
“How did you know it was me?” Shektee asked, intrigued that the detective had been able to figure out it was her, no matter what shape she had taken.
“A guy my age, in my shape, doesn’t get pretty little coeds chasing after him unless he has a lot more money than I do. It had to be a setup, and when six different girls tried to pick me up in one day, I knew it wasn’t a simple prank,” Montgomery explained.
“I remembered seeing you in Mystique’s room. I am not sure what you did to me, but I woke up in time to watch from the window as you got shot and changed into that demon creature. I also was the first on the scene at the parking garage where the sniper’s corpse was found,” he continued. “Please have a seat.”
“Everyone has seen the horror flicks about the group of college students that accidently summon a demon and like everybody else, I didn’t believe any of it until that day. And since then I’ve been waiting for the mass slaughter to start. But other than the disappearance of a few people of interest and a few thugs showing up with Mystique’s throwing spikes sticking out of their skulls, things have been pretty normal.”
“Mystique and I require all the information you can get on Lenard Johnson, the crime boss,” Shektee repeated as if she were asking for directions to the spaceport.
Montgomery sat back and stared at her for a few before he realized the connection. “He’s the one who had her kidnapped.”
“Yes. He attacked the Grayson clan and now he’ll die for it.”
Detective Montgomery had seen a lot of frightening things during his career, but none were as bone-chilling as the smile Shektee flashed as she made that statement. “You do know that there is a group of Federation Marshals watching his every move.”
“Yes, they are here hunting me and Mystique.”
“That explains a few things,” Montgomery said thoughtfully. “What do you plan to do about them?”
“I will do whatever is necessary to protect Mystique. She wants this Lenard Johnson dead so he will die; if the marshals try to stop us, they will most likely die.”
“You try and fight them and the only ones who’ll die are you and Mystique. They’re using the best military weapons and armor I’ve ever seen. They’ve got three attack shuttles on standby at the spaceport and rumors are that a destroyer is in orbit. So even if you by some miracle do kill the guys on the ground, the ship will just blast you and everything else within a block of you into dust,” Montgomery protested, allowing his voice to rise to make sure Shektee understood the severity of the situation.
“Thank you for that information, but I still want to know where to find Mr. Johnson. I want to know where he works, where he sleeps, where he goes for entertainment.”
“And if I refuse to help you?” Montgomery asked, starting to feel more comfortable and in control. They needed him so he had the upper hand.
“Then the creature you saw at the school will make an appearance again at another school and then you’ll have the slaughter you were expecting,” Shektee stated in the coldest, most malicious voice Montgomery had ever heard.
“Leave the information on the roof of Mystique’s old dorm. I know you’ll have to contact others for the information, so you have until nine tomorrow morning, detective,” Shektee said as she stood up to leave.
Detective Montgomery sat sweating as he tried to come to terms with the viciousness of Shektee’s threat.
***
Captain Remington was sitting in the embassy communications center thinking about his plan. It was a good plan, but for some reason it hadn’t worked. It’d been two days since the incident in the library and still no sign of Mystique. He hated waiting. It always felt like he was giving the advantage to the target.
“Sir, there’s a call for you from a Detective Montgomery. He says it’s concerning Mystique,” one of the communication people said, breaking Captain Remington’s train of thought.
“Patch him through.”
“This is Captain Remington. You have information for me, detective?”
“Yes. I just had a visit from Shektee. She wants me to get her information on Lenard Johnson.”
“Detective, I would prefer to discuss this matter face-to-face. Please, report immediately to the New Sydney embassy,” Remington ordered.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. Shektee may be watching to see if I contact you,” he replied. “I’m taking a big enough chance making this phone call. She wants me to leave the information on the roof of Mystique’s dorm at nine tomorrow morning. I’m going to do as she instructed. The threat she made if I don’t was horrific and I believe she is fully capable of following through.”
“I understand. One of my people will be in touch with any instructions. Thank you for your bravery, detective,” Remington replied cutting the connection.
Remington cursed himself for being a fool. He was going to get a lot of people killed if he didn’t stop thinking of Shektee as a mindless killer. They’d either spotted his trap or were simply assuming it was there. Now they were blackmailing a police detective for information. He had to come up with a foolproof plan, and fast.
***
Mystique expected Detective Montgomery to call Captain Remington and for them to plan a trap for whoever showed up to collect the papers. So she sent Shektee to the police station early to intercept Montgomery before he left to deliver the papers. Shektee was confident that she had convinced him of the need to collect the information they wanted. Mystique wasn’t happy about having to resort to threats, but she also understood that they needed to finish their task.
Detective Montgomery stood up from his desk and grabbed his coat. As he slid his arms into it, an attractive female officer walked up to him. “I’ll take the report now, detective. I see no need for you to make the trip all the way to the school.”
Detective Montgomery only hesitated a second as he realized the officer was Shektee in disguise. Without a word he reached for a manila envelope on his desk and handed it to her. “That’s all I could get,” he said, waiting for Shektee to make some kind of reply.
“Thank you, detective. I’m sure it will be most helpful,” Shektee finally replied with a smile.
“That means you won’t be visiting any schools, right?” Montgomery knew she could easily lie to him, but he still wanted her to say it.
“Detective, I would never have followed through with that threat. Angelica would’ve been very upset if I were to harm an innocent child. I have rules of conduct that I must follow, just like you do. Good day, detective,” Shektee explained, thinking to patch some of the damage done to their relationship. She really didn’t care but Mystique seemed to think it was a good idea, so she was willing to put a little effort into it.
Detective Montgomery watched Shektee leave and said a quiet prayer that Remington’s plan worked. No matter what Shektee said or what form she took, there was no mistaking the predatory way she moved. Montgomery had seen it before but never to the level of skill and confidence Shektee displayed. He had a feeling that if the plan didn’t work, a lot of people would pay a high price, including himself.
***
“The package has been picked up,” Detective Montgomery said, breaking the connection.
The communications tech opened a secure line to Captain Remington and informed him of the message. Remington triggered the communications gear in his helmet connecting him to everyone involved in the operation. “The ball is in play”
Captain Remington had expected something like this, so he and his man were already in their armor and ready to go. The attack shuttles had been fully checked the night before. The ground crew scurried around them, now disconnecting the various cables and hoses that’d been keeping the fuel tanks topped off. There was very little chance that they would use a tenth of the fuel the shuttles held, but it was just another detail Remington wasn’t going to take chances with.
Up in orbit, a sensor technician tracked the envelope Montgomery had given Shektee. The paper had been treated with a low-level radioactive isotope that the ship’s sensors could easily pick up and identify. But what should’ve been an easy task was turning into a frantic search. The technician had followed the envelope out of the police building and into a nearby alley where it disappeared. So when Remington’s signal came through her headset, the technician started to worry. The whole operation rested on her ability to track that envelope.
“Tracking, what’s the status of the ball?” Remington’s voice sounded in the tech’s earpiece. The technician ignored the inquiry and continued to check the calibration of her equipment. Once that was complete, she ran another diagnostic check to make sure no circuits were failing. Everything she checked came up with the same answer: the sensors were working perfectly.
On the ground, Captain Remington was starting to get concerned. The sensor tech hadn’t acknowledged her readiness and now was not answering his queries. He switched to the command channel and contacted the ship’s captain directly. The captain wouldn’t know what was going on, but he’d be able to find out immediately. Remington informed him of the problem and was reassured that the captain would handle it.
A call from the captain to Combat Intelligence Center brought everyone’s attention to the sensor tech. The XO was currently in charge of CIC and as such was responsible for the ships’ performance during the current operation. Both he and the chief engineer arrived at the sensor station at the same time. The sensor technician was sweating by this point. How could she have lost the ball?
“What’s the problem, petty officer?” The XO demanded.
“I don’t know, sir. I was tracking the ball when it just vanished. I’ve checked the sensor equipment and it all checks out fine,” the sensor tech replied, trying to sound as professional as possible.
“Out of my way,” the chief engineer sneered as he pushed his way in front of the control panel. After a quick check of the reading, he adjusted the area scan, increasing it to cover the entire city plus surrounding areas. He wouldn’t be able to get the exact location but once he had the general location he could fine tune the array.
“There, on the edge of the city.” The sensor tech pointed as a small red dot appeared on the screen.
“I see it,” the engineer stated as he started to adjust the sensor array. Within minutes they were looking down on a small factory building just outside the city. A thermal scan revealed several people in the main section of the plant and another in the front section. The single person had a higher body temperature than the rest. The XO had one of the communications technicians patch the scans to Captain Remington as he informed his captain that the problem had been solved.
***
Shektee walked into the office area to find Mystique performing a series of stretching exercises. She decided not to interrupt her; instead, she watched and took note of Mystique’s form. When Mystique finally finished, Shektee dropped her invisibility spell and moved to a nearby desk.
“You have good form, but you do not push yourself enough. You are better than other humans, which means you need to push yourself harder than they do if you want to utilize your full potential.”
“Anytime you want to show me how to do it better, I am up for the challenge.”
“Did Montgomery have anything?” Mystique asked as she walked over to the desk Shektee was standing near.
“Yes. He said this was all he could get,” Shektee replied as she dumped the contents of the envelope on the desk. Dozens of pages of reports and pictures spread across the desk. Mystique picked up one of the images that caught her attention. She knew the man in the picture. He was the patrol officer who’d kidnapped her. Looking on the back of the picture, she read his name.
“This guy dies painfully; he was the one who kidnapped me in the first place,” Mystique stated as she held up the picture for Shektee to see.
“I really like guarding you at times,” Shektee said with a grin.
The two started to sort through the papers and pictures, scanning them quickly as they separated them into piles: one pile for pictures, another for known associates, and the last for locations. They both took the time to look at a photo of Lenard Johnson. Shektee made sure to at least glance at all of the photos of Lenard’s associates. She assumed they’d be eligible targets for her to feed on.
Neither of them thought to wonder why Detective Montgomery had given them printed copies of all the information and not a flash drive.
***
Captain Remington wasn’t taking any chances. He’d learned years before that when hunting demons there was no such thing as overkill. As soon as the shuttles reached the one-mile mark from the target, he ordered both to fire their missiles on the factory. He’d instructed them to try to target the smaller front section where Shektee was believed to be.
Inside the troop compartment sat ten specially trained soldiers, each wearing the best armor the military had. Remington had summoned his full team from the destroyer along with a ten-man squad of marines. The marines were in the second transport, which Remington planned to hold in reserve. He and his men would go in and verify the kill.
Remington barely noticed the launch of the two missiles as they reached strike range. The tactical display inside his helmet allowed him to see the missiles go in. Two struck the front section while the other two hit the forward section of the main building. The front section was completely destroyed and what little was left standing was on fire. The main building was heavily damaged but was too large to be completely destroyed.
“Thirty seconds to drop,” announced the pilot.
Shektee reacted with supernatural speed to the first explosion. She didn’t take time to think; instead, she dove across the desk, tackling Mystique to the floor. The second missile hit almost instantly after the first. The third and forth exploded on the roof of the office area they were in. By that time, Shektee had already started to transform into her armored combat form. The force of the explosions pressed Shektee down onto Mystique with enough force to break most of Mystique’s ribcage. Fragments of the roof pierced Shektee’s skin where the hardened bone armor had yet to form. Some of the wreckage found its way past Shektee to embed itself in Mystique.
In seconds the explosions were over, leaving flaming wreckage everywhere. Shektee fought to control her temper as she struggled to remove the debris that’d fallen on top of her. Mystique was not moving and her life force was weak, but she was still alive. Shektee knew she had to get Mystique out of the burning rubble but first she focused on the healing magic she’d learned from Angelica. She wouldn’t be able to heal all of Mystique’s wounds but she hoped she could stabilize her. If Shektee was going to avoid a very painful death, Mystique had to live. She could already feel the displeasure of the ancient.
Seconds later, Shektee lifted Mystique’s limp and broken body. She used her wings to shield Mystique as best she could as she made her way through the burning wreckage of the office. As she reached fresh cool air, Mystique started breathing a little easier. Shektee could hear the sound of something approaching but ignored it. She set Mystique down on the pavement of the driveway and brushed the hair away from her face. She could see that Mystique was struggling to remain conscious.
“Rest. I’ll protect you,” Shektee said in her most soothing voice. Mystique wanted to listen to the voice and relax, but there was something she needed to tell Shektee.
***
Captain Remington and his men dropped through the open floor hatch like old-style bombs. A quick scan showed that most of the building was on fire. There was no way they were going to be able to take thermal readings now.
“Hostile at eleven o’clock,” one of the men shouted into his microphone as he fired his heavy machinegun at Shektee’s back. This was the man’s first encounter with a demon. He was a veteran of numerous firefights so instead of freezing up he attacked. At least three of the rounds slammed squarely into the back of the creature but other than rocking forward a little, it didn’t seem to notice. Another soldier took a second to aim before firing his gauss cannon at Shektee. This time the impact was enough to send her tumbling a good ten feet.
Shektee had never been hit by anything that powerful before. The projectile had penetrated her armor. She was hurt but not seriously this time, but a few more hits or a well-aimed shot to the head could incapacitate her and send her back across the dimensional barrier. Shektee had been in many fights over the centuries and had the skills and reflexes to prove it. The first thing she did was become invisible. The second was move. The soldiers fired on her last location using a variety of heavy weapons, but without sensors or visual targeting they had no chance of hitting her.
She didn’t like leaving Mystique. She could already feel the anger of the ancient but so far it was not focused on her. If Mystique died or was subjected to more harm, the ancient could easily decide it was Shektee’s fault and punish her. Mystique had assured her that Captain Remington wouldn’t harm her anymore but Shektee was not convinced. She hadn’t had time to argue before they started shooting at her. It was pure luck that none of the bullets hit Mystique. If she stayed to fight she might win, but more than likely Mystique would be hurt by accident or on purpose, so she had no real choice but to run.
Shektee launched herself into the air, intent on flying away from the fight as fast as she could. The soldiers had formed a circle with their backs to one another. She wondered how long they’d stay like that, waiting and worrying where she was. The flying machine that’d brought them here was hovering a hundred yards away. Shektee couldn’t resist scaring the pilot of the shuttle, so she landed on the nose cone and clawed at the armored glass that separated her from the pilot. The spike of terror from the pilot as deep gashes appeared in the window in front of him tasted sweet, but Shektee couldn’t stay to enjoy it. Before the pilot could react and the men on the ground knew what’d happened, Shektee flew off toward the spaceport.
***
Once Shektee was gone, Mystique allowed herself to drift into unconsciousness. Whatever was going to happen next was out of her control. Captain Remington had recognized Mystique’s prone form when Shektee had been knocked away. He wanted to go over to her and see if she was still alive, but not knowing where Shektee was had stopped him. The panicked message from the shuttle pilot proved that she was still in the area. He hoped that they’d get a good shot at her if she came back.
Slowly, as the minutes wore on, Captain Remington decided to have his squad start to move toward Mystique. She still hadn’t moved and he wasn’t sure if she was alive or dead. If she was alive, she needed medical attention. As they arrived at her location, he had the soldiers step over her, bringing her inside their circle. One of the men broke rank and knelt down to check her. The soldiers quickly shifted to fill the gap.
“She’s alive but not for long if we don’t get her to a trauma ward.”
Captain Remington thought for a second before calling down the second shuttle. He had it land as close to them as possible. The damage to his shuttle was minor, but he wasn’t going to risk taking it into orbit unless he had to. He had the marines dismount and take up guard positions around the shuttle while a few of his men moved Mystique onto the shuttle. He’d bring two of his men with him on the shuttle and leave the rest to search the area. He didn’t think Shektee was still here, or she would’ve attacked once they took Mystique into custody.
The medical bay on the destroyer was one of the best-equipped in the fleet. It was also the most secure location Captain Remington could think of. Mystique would be able to command Shektee to surrender, which would allow them to study and learn more about their enemy than they ever had. But first he had to get her to the medics.
***
Shektee wasted no more time. She flew directly to the building Lenard Johnson’s office was in. Once she was there, she landed on the roof next to a luxury air car. The driver was relaxing in the car listening to music when Shektee punched through the armored glass and dragged him out. She was feeling more hungry than usual after healing herself and Mystique, so the man’s live energy tasted refreshing.
The guard at the roof entrance had panicked at the sight of Shektee’s combat form and started running down the stairs. Shektee was not sure if or when she would have such freedom to feed again, so she wasn’t going to let anyone escape. Only two people had to die slowly; all the rest would be quick feeds. She caught up to the guard pounding on the elevator doors on the top floor of the building. He collapsed in terror as she stepped through the doorway to the roof. His terror added flavor as she fed on him.
An alarm started to sound as Shektee ripped open the elevator doors. Lenard’s office was five stories down and the elevator shaft was too small for her to fly, so she started climbing down. She had only made it down three floors when the elevator came racing up at her. Shektee could feel the guards inside so she dropped down onto its roof, causing a slight shutter.
The men inside gave off a spike of panic as something impacted on the roof. The panic turned to terror as claws started to rip open the top of the elevator like it was made of tinfoil. Only two of the six guards were able to think clearly enough to start firing wildly up through the opening. The few bullets that did hit Shektee bounced harmlessly off her bone armor.
Shektee dropped down into the elevator and grabbed the first guard she saw by the breast bone. Her claws easily sunk into his flesh. She used his body as a club to beat the others unconscious before bringing him in for a kiss.
As she fed on the others, she came to one guard who tasted of regret. Her curiosity made her stop and probe the man’s memory to find out what could overcome the fear she was projecting. She found that he had a family and that he was regretting not being there for them. She also found out that he was not one of Lenard’s men; instead, he was a spy for the police, which annoyed her. If she hadn’t looked, she would’ve been able to feed off him safely, but now she knew he didn’t meet Daemon’s requirements. So she took just a portion of his life energy before leaving.
She had the elevator stop on Lenard’s floor but the doors didn’t open as usual. It was easy enough for her to rip the doors open and step into the hallway. The four men Lenard had left to guard the elevator were stone-cold killers, but even they felt a sudden panic wash over them as a demon emerged from the elevator.
Shektee’s overconfidence was almost her undoing. She’d expected the men in the hall to be armed with more of the same light-assault rifles or machineguns. The only thing that saved her was that the man manning the trigger of the heavy gauss cannon started firing too soon. If he had waited another second or two, instead of the armor-piercing rounds knocking her back into the elevator, they’d have knocked her down the hall where he could’ve continued to tear her apart. As it was, Shektee was knocked back into the doorjamb by the initial spray of bullets and was able to roll herself back into the relative safety of the armor elevator.
The man firing the tripod mounted gauss cannon continued to fire sending bullets through the wall and into the armored side of the elevator. Shektee recovered from the initial shock of the attack and quickly clawed her way through the floor of the elevator as the bullets began penetrating the armor.
Shektee climbed to the opposite side of the shaft. She cursed her stupidity as she found a place to sit and focus on regenerating from her wounds. As she did, she thought about how close she’d come to failing. The injuries caused by the machine-gun were not life-threatening, but if it’d been able to knock her unconscious, she would’ve lost her grip on this dimension and have been sent back to her home dimension. She couldn’t let that happen.
Even before she was fully healed, Shektee started climbing to the floor above Lenny’s office. She knew where they were set up now and from what little she’d seen of the gun that shot her, it was not something that could be easily moved. The men had stopped firing but she could sense that none had moved from where they were.
She ripped the elevator doors open and ran to the spot right above the men. She could taste their fear and wanted their lives. Kneeling, she focused on altering her body to make her arms larger and stronger, moving mass from her legs to give them strength and size. Shektee leaned back and then swung forward. She slammed her oversized forearms into the floor with enough force to shatter the floor, raining chunks of concrete down on the men below. A few more quick hits and Shektee had a hole large enough for her to get through. Shektee dove through the hole, shifting back to her normal combat form as she did.
Three of the four men were firing their assault rifles up into the hole as Shektee forced her way through. The bullets stung and did minor damage to her, but nothing serious. They died quickly as she had backed them into a corner with no way to escape. The fourth she pulled out from behind the big gun and yelled at him, “Where is Lenard Johnson?”
The man tried to resist but the question had caused him to think of the answer, so when Shektee kissed him and probed his mind the information was easy to find. Lenard had gone to his car when the alarm sounded. She also learned that someone was watching her on the security cameras. She needed to get to that car before he could get away.
A quick look around revealed a window at the end of the hall behind her overlooking the space port. She threw the man at it, expecting his weight to shatter it, but instead he bounced off it. Annoyed, she walked up to the window. She realized as she got to the window that the man was barely alive so she drained him before driving her claws through the armored glass. The hardening process made the glass nearly unbreakable but it also made it brittle, which caused it to shatter once it was broken.
Leaping through the window, Shektee unfurled her wings and glided down, circling the building as she went. A large garage door was opening on the fourth floor of the building. Shektee swung around and flew at the door. Bringing her wings in at the last minute allowed her to maintain a high rate of speed as she tumbled through the opening. Before anyone could react, she was kneeling on the hood of the waiting air car and staring at the terrified driver.
The parking attendant stood at a desk to the right. Two other men stood next to him holding assault rifles. They’d been aiming at the elevators but the attendant’s terrified screams had them looking for the cause. The air car driver slammed the controls into reverse and punched the throttle. His only thoughts were to flee the horror staring at him. Shektee smiled as she reached up and carved an X in the windshield.
The car slammed hard into the back wall of the private parking garage. The driver was already pressing himself against his seat, so he didn’t seem to notice. He just kept pressing on the throttle. Shektee had expected the impact and used it to add force to her punch. She punched through the armored windshield and into the driver’s chest. Grabbing his spinal column, she pulled, ripping the man through the broken windshield. She pulled him right up to her lips so that she could drain the last of his life energy as he died.
The two men at the desk regained enough control of their wits to start firing on Shektee. The attendant had given in to his flight response and was running for the stairs. Whoever was inside the air car was still recovering from the car’s impact with the wall or was too frightened to get out of the car. Shektee ignored the hail of bullets and was more interested in finding Lenard. She hopped down and ripped the rear door from the car.
Two large slugs from a short double-barreled shotgun knocked her stumbling backward. Lenard had been waiting for her to open the door. Michael reached over and sprayed her with machine-gun fire. Before Michael had emptied his clip, Lenard had his own gauss rifle up and was firing. Shektee threw her arms across her face to protect her eyes as the hail of bullets chipped away at her bone armor. The small machine-gun rounds mostly bounced off only a few, finding soft flesh to penetrate. The gauss round slammed into the bone armor, breaking it and tearing through the flesh underneath. Within seconds both guns were empty and Shektee stood before them with black blood oozing from the horrible wounds she’d suffered, but she was still standing.
The two guys at the attendant’s desk watched as the creature staggered back, getting shot at point-blank range by their boss. When the shooting stopped, the creature had horrible wounds, but instead of falling over dead it screamed in rage and attacked. They decided in unison that the attendant had the right idea and ran for the stairs.
Shektee dove forward, bringing herself face-to-face with her prey. She used every ounce of her will to command them to stop and surrender. They were to die slowly, not in the heat of battle. Lenard had always thought of himself as a strong-willed and confident man, but faced with a true test of will, he crumbled. Lenard dropped his weapon and slouched back in the seat to cry.
Michael snarled and punched at Shektee. Sitting the way he was, his punch would have been weak even to another human. Shektee grabbed his outstretched arm and dragged him to her for a kiss. She was careful to only take enough of his life energy to knock him unconscious. Mystique had requested that he get special treatment.
As Shektee backed out of the car, she ordered Lenard to follow her. She walked to the open door and stood there as Lenard slowly followed. Once he arrived, she had him stand on the edge overlooking the street. Shektee stepped up behind him and reached around, putting one clawed finger to his throat and the other clawed hand to his gut. She waited like that for over a minute until a police drone finally flew into view. As the drone recorded her actions, Shektee flicked her wrist and sliced Lenard’s neck open with one hand as the other drove into his stomach and pulled out his intestines. Lenard fell forward off the edge. Shektee held tight to his entrails, letting his fall pull them from his body until she felt the snap as the last of them was pulled free.
The police drone fired Taser darts and used a sonic crowd-control weapon on her; neither had any effect. So she ignored it. Shektee walked back to the car and dragged Michael’s limp body out. When she turned back to the door, she noticed that a second larger drone had arrived. The new drone was armed with a light machine-gun and looked like it was getting ready to fire. Shektee decided it was worth the expenditure of a little more energy to get away without more trouble. She activated her invisibility once again as she moved toward the opening. Michael’s added weight would make flying difficult, but she only needed to go a short distance.
***
The shuttle carrying Mystique and her captors had barely left the atmosphere when the reports of an attack on the Carlisle Shipping building were received. Captain Remington cursed his stupidity for not seeing what was going to happen and where Shektee had gone. It was so obvious now; Mystique had sent her to kill their target while she distracted him. His men were still at the factory, well out of range to respond. The only weapon he had available to attack her with was a missile barrage from the destroyer that would destroy the entire building and most of those surrounding it. He was authorized to do that much collateral damage and had in the past, but he hated each time he had to.
Seconds later, one of the communications technicians on the destroyer patched him into the security feeds for the Carlisle building. He watched as Shektee’s combat form stepped out of the elevator and into the hail of bullets. Remington had hoped the guy manning the tripod was a better shot. He didn’t know how Mr. Johnson had gotten a fifteen-millimeter heavy gauss cannon and didn’t care at the moment. It was capable of destroying the creature. Unfortunately, he wasn’t and now the only chance of killing the creature without killing hundreds of civilians was gone.
The fight in the garage had a few surprises for him. He’d expected the creature to kill the three men at the desk but instead it ignored them. It even allowed them to escape after they had shot it. He assumed it was under orders on how to kill Lenard Johnson and that’s why it hadn’t fed on him. He was not sure what its plans were for the red-haired man and he realized that he wished the drone had shot the poor man. Whatever it was going to do to him, Captain Remington was certain it was going to be much more painful than getting shot.
The shuttle docked with the destroyer as Shektee vanished. Captain Remington prayed that she wouldn’t make him regret not calling for the orbital strike. A medical team was waiting at the airlock to take over Mystique’s treatment. He followed them to the medical bay and watched as they moved her into the auto doc units. He had four guards stationed inside and another two in the corridor outside. He wasn’t taking any chances.
Captain Remington was met by the XO as he entered CIC. The XO reported that one of the security guards from the elevator was alive and had regained consciousness. That piece of news really confused Captain Remington. Why had Shektee left him alive? What was special about him? Her kind never left survivors, especially not ones they were close enough to knock unconscious.
“I want a full medical workup on the survivor. If he left a bad taste in its mouth, I want to know why,” Remington ordered.
“Sir, Doctor Nichols reports that Mystique will survive and he expects to be able to wake her in forty-eight hours,” one of the communications techs stated.
“I want her moved into quarantine as soon as possible. She has been physically and psionicly enhanced, giving her a number of special abilities. Assume that she will be awake before the doctor expects and she can defeat any lock. She is also highly skilled in hand-to-hand combat. Her preferred weapons are knives of any kind. And most important, she can make herself invisible, so no doors in medical open without authorization from this room,” Captain Remington instructed everyone in the room. To any other crew his statements about Mystique would have been met with skepticism, but this crew had seen enough to not doubt anything he said. Within minutes all of his demands were met.
***

Chapter 11
Who Is Really in Charge
Shektee thought for a while of her situation and her options. Captain Remington had taken Mystique up to his ship, so getting to her was going to be difficult. She had no doubt that she could charm someone into taking her up to the ship, but they’d never let her onboard. She could continue to hunt the people who worked for Lenard Johnson, but that would leave Mystique at Remington’s mercy. If he did anything to her that upset the ancient, she’d pay a terrible price for allowing it. This left her only one real option: surrender.
Remington had taken over almost all communication on the planet to send her a message. “We have your mistress. Surrender peacefully and she will be unharmed.” The message continually scrolled across every video screen and started every phone call. She hated the idea of surrendering to a human but she really didn’t have a choice. The only thing she could do was to arrange her surrender so that she didn’t give up total control.
Humans had rules they had to follow; she needed someone who knew their rules and was willing to help her. Detective Montgomery had helped in the ambush that Mystique was hurt in, so she wouldn’t work with him again. It would take a lot of self-control to keep from killing him if they ever met again. Major Castleman was working for Captain Remington so he was out. The only person she could think of, Mystique had sent away. An evil smile lit up her face as the idea of forcing Remington to work for her surrender amused her.
Shektee looked around the diner for an easy pawn. A middle-aged man was watching her but looked away embarrassed when she spotted him. She wouldn’t have to use any mystical powers on him to get him to do whatever she wanted. So she waited for him to look again and this time she motioned for him to come over. The man was so shy he almost ran out of the diner.
Shektee cursed his weakness and was about to go after him when a large man sat down next to her, forcing her to move or be sat on. “Hi, I’m Jed. What you want with a scrawny twerp like that when you can have a real man?”
Shektee smiled; she loved arrogant volunteers. “I want you to make a call for me,” she purred into his ear, rubbing up against him in all the right places.
“Whatever you want, darling,” he replied, slipping his arm over her shoulder and down her side.
“Here is the number; tell the person who answers that Shektee will meet Bruce Montagu at his apartment at ten o’clock tomorrow night,” she instructed.
“Sure, whatever; let’s go to my place. I can call from there.”
Shektee thought for a few seconds before deciding that he was right. At his place, she could feed on him in private after he made the call. “Okay, let’s go,” she said with a smile and a giggle, playing the part of dumb tart.
The walk to Jed’s place was only a block. At first, Jed tried to walk slow and pull Shektee in tight so he could feel her up, but Shektee pulled away and complained that it was cold. She set a quick pace, forcing Jed to hurry. She wanted to be in the privacy of his apartment. When they finally arrived, Jed’s apartment looked exactly the way Shektee had expected. Clothing and empty food containers lay scattered about and the place smelled of sweat and old beer.
Jed wasted no time; even before his door was completely closed, he was grabbing Shektee. He wanted her and he was going to have her. Shektee simply laughed as she let him hug her tight and kiss her. He took her laugher as consent that he could do as he pleased. That was of course until Shektee’s hand clamped down on his nuts like a steel vise. The sudden pain almost caused him to black out. With her other hand, Shektee grabbed his jaw and forced him to look at her.
“You have a phone call to make before we get started,” she said in a voice so cold and commanding, it cut through the pain-induced fog.
“All right, all right. Let go of my nuts, bitch!” he demanded. Shektee hated taking orders from humans. In a flash of anger, she pulled his face to hers and kissed him. As she drained his life energy, she squeezed with her other hand and pulverized his testes. His pain added a wonderful flavor, making it impossible for Shektee to stop until she had drained every bit of energy from him.
Shektee looked down at Jed’s emaciated corpse and frowned. She hadn’t intended to do that, but oh well. She looked for his phone and once she had it, she dialed Major Castleman’s number.
“Major Castleman’s office. How may I help you?” came the strong voice of a young man.
“This is Shektee. I wish to speak with the major.”
“One moment, please,” came his reply. Shektee liked these military types. They knew how to follow orders and act with respect.
“Shektee, are you ready to turn yourself in?” Major Castleman asked, getting right to the point. She liked that also.
“Yes, but on my terms. I will surrender to Bruce Montagu at our hotel room. I will look for him on the balcony at ten o’clock tomorrow night. If he is there, I’ll speak with him, then allow you to take me into custody. If he isn’t there, I will go hunt for the evening and come back the following night. How much hunting I do in your city is up to you,” Shektee instructed, waiting a few seconds for him to ask the questions he was undoubtedly about to.
“Why Bruce Montagu and what hotel room?” Castleman asked, as they were the first questions he could think of, and he didn’t want her getting bored and breaking the connection.
“He’s Mystique’s friend and he understands your rules of conduct. He knows what hotel room; ask him. I’ll talk to you again soon,” she replied before ending the call.
***
Major Castleman hit the call button connecting him to Captain Remington. The captain had demanded that a direct line be set up so that they could contact each other without the normal delays. Remington answered immediately, not wasting time with the normal greetings; he simply said, “Remington”
Major Castleman informed him of Shektee’s call and her demands for her surrender. Bruce Montagu was outside his jurisdiction, so he couldn’t even find the boy. He informed Remington of what he did know about the young man and his connection with Mystique. Captain Remington thanked him for the information and informed him that he’d have an arrest warrant issued for Bruce. Castleman had his people send Captain Remington a recording of the call and the location it had originated from. Shektee hadn’t been as careful as Mystique and had allowed them to trace her location. Both men agreed that the chance of catching her still there was slim, but they had to try.
Captain Remington contacted his men at the spaceport and sent them to Shektee’s last-known location. Next he contacted the chief of police and had an arrest warrant issued for Bruce Montagu. The chief pointed out that Mrs. Montagu was a very powerful person and that it wouldn’t be easy to bring her son in for questioning. Captain Remington was tired of people telling him what he could and couldn’t do. He corrected the chief, making it perfectly clear that Bruce Montagu was to be apprehended unharmed. Anyone hampering with his apprehension was to be arrested for treason, and that included the chief. Before the chief could protest, Remington cut the connection.
His next call was to the base commander of the Federation army base. It was a small base with only a few-hundred troops but they represented a much larger force that very few civilians were willing to go up against. Their simple presence would change people’s attitudes. He gave the commander the proper authorization codes to give him command of the base and all of its personnel, and instructed the commander to set battle stations. He then wanted an officer and two squads in full tactical gear to report to the chief of police. They were to ensure Bruce Montagu was arrested unharmed within the next twelve hours. He would be arriving within the hour to oversee the operation.
***
By the time Bruce Montagu was in custody, his mother and her attorney were both under arrest. To Mr. Shensi’s credit he did show a lot of loyalty by not turning over Bruce once he was arrested. In the end, it had been the private security firm guarding Bruce that had turned him over. Now Bruce was sitting in an interrogation room at police headquarters.
Captain Remington sat in the next room watching Bruce and reading his school evaluations and transcripts. Bruce had a promising career ahead of him if he lived through the night. He had high marks in computer science and had been accepted to the Naval Academy. He did have a rich kid’s lack of respect for certain rules and authority, but the Academy would fix that. The kid had admitted to helping Mystique and Shektee and even knew what Shektee was. All in all, he seemed like a good kid. Remington felt a little sorry for having to use him as bait, but he was going to do whatever it took to capture Shektee.
Captain Remington hadn’t told Bruce about his part in tonight’s meeting. Bruce had explained about the hotel and had provided the room number they’d stayed in. Remington’s team was setting up in the room and he had snipers positioned on adjacent buildings. If she surrendered, great; if not, his guys would shred her and most likely Bruce before she could get away.
It was nine o’clock, time to tell Bruce and get him to the hotel. He motioned for the guards to bring Bruce to the roof. They would use one of his shuttles to get to the hotel. Captain Remington picked up his helmet and walked out into the hall as the two guards brought Bruce out of the interrogation room. Bruce looked nervous but he was doing a good job of hiding it. Captain Remington really did hope he survived the night.
***
The shuttle hatch was open as Remington crossed the roof and climbed aboard. Next came Bruce, followed by the two guards. Nobody expected any trouble so everyone was taken by surprise when Shektee kicked the first guard into the second guard. She’d used all of her strength and skill to make sure to knock both of the men in heavy armor to the ground. Bruce stopped and was standing halfway up the steps to the shuttle entrance. Remington heard the crash and turned to see what was going on.
Shektee wasted no time looking to see the results of her attack. She turned and pushed Bruce the rest of the way into the shuttle. As he saw Shektee’s combat form enter the cabin, Remington triggered the panic button in his armor. He knew he had no chance of defeating her. His only hope was to take her with him. Shektee’s surprises for him were not over yet, though. The shuttle pilot triggered the hatch, closing it before the guards could regain their footing.
Bruce figured out what was going on even before Captain Remington. As soon as he was inside the shuttle, he dove to the side scrambling for one of the seat. Bruce had to wiggle around a bit to get buckled in as the shuttle accelerated high into the night sky.
Shektee stood staring at Captain Remington for a few seconds as the turbulence of the takeoff shook the cabin. Captain Remington stood his ground, watching to see what she was going to do. Finally, Shektee moved to take a seat next to Bruce, shifting to one of her human forms as she did.
“Hello, Bruce. I find myself in need of your assistance. Captain Remington has captured Mystique and I need to make sure she’s not harmed,” Shektee explained as she watched Captain Remington slowly move toward his weapon.
“Captain Remington, you may retrieve your weapon if it will make you feel better. I’m here to surrender myself. The pilot is taking us to your ship so that I can verify that Mystique is recovering and safe. If this isn’t agreeable to you, then Bruce will verify Mystique’s conditions for me.”
Captain Remington grabbed his assault rifle because it did make him feel better. He knew it probably wouldn’t hurt her but at least he’d die fighting if it came to that. He also changed the signal his armor was transmitting from red to yellow, stopping the ship from attacking. “What’d you do to the pilot?” he demanded.
“Nothing much. He is weak-willed so it was easy for me to take control of him. I’ve not harmed him in any lasting way,” Shektee replied. “Captain, I understand you are scared, but please speak to me with respect. If I lose my temper, I believe it would make matters worse.”
Captain Remington started to protest but stopped himself. “How do I know you won’t attack once we get on the ship?”
“Captain, please, careful with the tone,” Bruce pleaded before Shektee could answer.
Shektee released the breath she was holding and explained. “You will undoubtedly have us arrive where you will have a group of soldiers waiting for us. Also, Mystique is your prisoner. I will do nothing to endanger her welfare.”
“Will the pilot do what I tell him?”
“Yes. now he will.”
“Dock in hangar bay alpha.”
“Hangar bay alpha. Yes, sir.”
“I’ll have Bruce taken to see Mystique while you’re taken to the brig,” Captain Remington stated, trying to sound more respectful. He just had to keep her co-operative for a little longer.
“Very well. I’ll need to speak with Bruce once he’s seen Mystique. Captain, be very careful how Mystique is treated; there is a lot more going on than you realize,” Shektee warned, though she didn’t expect Captain Remington to believe her.
“Shektee, may I ask you a question? “ Bruce asked
“Certainly. You may ask any question you wish, though I may choose not to answer.”
“What happened to you at the diner, when you took the book from Mystique? Mystique told us you just disappeared.”
Shektee smiled. Bruce was a cunning young human. He was trying to get her to tell Captain Remington about the ancient. Very well. Maybe a little more information would keep them from harming Mystique. “My true master summoned me back across the dimensional barrier.”
Captain Remington realized the answer was meant more for him than Bruce. “What master?” he asked bluntly, not used to subtle interrogations.
“Excuse me, but I’m talking to Bruce, not you,” Shektee replied in a voice dripping with venom and sarcasm.
“I thought Daemon was your master,” Bruce put in quickly, trying to defuse the tension in the air.
“Daemon can tell me what to do and I must obey because my true master has instructed me to. Daemon tasked me with keeping Mystique alive and to follow her orders. Angelica has forbidden me from killing what you call innocent humans. I must try to follow her instructions or I risk Daemon’s wrath. I personally find it beneath me to have to follow any human’s orders, but my true master would punish me in ways you cannot imagine if I failed him.”
“That sounds like it could get very complicated, trying to keep all of them happy,” Bruce observed. Shektee was a little surprised when she felt his compassion for her.
“May I ask a question?” Captain Remington asked, trying a more conversational tone and manner.
“Yes.”
“You said that your master summoned you back across the dimensional barrier. What dimension are you from?”
Shektee started to answer but before she could say anything, she buckled over in agony. Bruce unbuckled himself and moved to help her. Captain Remington observed her reaction, fascinated by what was happening. Bruce struggled to lift her and refused to give up until he had her back in her seat. The moment Bruce had her back in the chair, the pain was gone with only the soreness in her jaw as a reminder. Bruce gave her a quick visual inspection before he sat back in his seat and buckled in.
“It seems that I am not allowed to answer that question. I think I am done answering any more questions for now,” Shektee stated as she sat back and rested her head on the cushion. Pain normally triggered her combat form and aggression, but the ancient had stopped that from happening. He wanted them to know he was watching and was in control of her. Bruce was concerned for her as well as for himself, which Shektee found interesting given his fear of her. Captain Remington was nervous and anxious.
***
Bruce was escorted to the medical bay while two squads of heavily armed and armored troops escorted Shektee to the brig. Shektee thought about changing her plan and attacking. She'd made a simple gesture as she left the shuttle and the reaction of the troops was enough to tell her that she could take control of about half of them. They were armed with weapons that could hurt her, so she’d have to be careful while her men fought their companions, but she was confident that she would survive. The problem was that a simple call from any one of them could cause Mystique’s death, so she went quietly.
Bruce was escorted by two marines in heavy powered armor. They took him to the observation window so he could see Mystique. She was floating in a tank filled with a pinkish liquid. Bruce was taken aback by the amount of bruising covering her body and her lack of hair. It looked like her body was one big purple and green bruise. The doctor explained that she was in a regeneration chamber. The liquid would provide all the nutrients her body needed to heal as well as stimulate cell growth. The doctor also explained to Bruce that Mystique was healing rather quickly and he expected to be able to return her to Captain Remington’s care sooner than planned.
Bruce stood watching Mystique until one of his escorts motioned for him to leave. One of the marines lead the way, while the other held his rifle leveled at Bruce’s back. It didn’t take them long to arrive at the brig where Captain Remington was waiting for them. Shektee was floating in the middle of her cell. She watched him intently as he was led over to Captain Remington.
“How is Mystique?” Shektee asked, tired of waiting.
“The doctor said—” was all Bruce got out before the soldier behind him struck him with the butt of his rifle. The force of the blow knocked Bruce to his knees.
“You weren’t given permission to speak to the prisoner,” the guard told him, holding his rifle ready to strike Bruce again.
“Stop him,” Shektee ordered one of the guards and, to everyone’s surprise, the soldier raised his rifle and fired. The soldier standing over Bruce was shot in the leg, causing him to fall over backward. Half of the guards in the room took aim on their companion while the other half stood motionless.
“Hold your fire,” Captain Remington yelled as he realized what Shektee’d done. He was both amazed and terrified by the idea that she controlled half of his men and could turn them against him whenever she chose.
“Everyone, clear the room!” Captain Remington yelled, letting his fear give his voice volume. The troops not under Shektee’s control started to carefully move toward the exit. Shektee thought a minute then nodded and the rest of the troops started to leave.
Captain Remington pulled Bruce up to his feet while the soldiers left the room. Two soldiers stopped and helped their wounded companion down the corridor toward the medical bay. Two minutes later, there were only three people left in the brig.
“I will not allow you or your men to assault Bruce while he is in my employ,” Shektee stated.
“You’re the prisoner here. You don’t give orders!” Captain Remington raged, his fear turning to anger. “How dare you”
“Leave!” Shektee ordered, crushing Captain Remington’s will under the force of her fury. Captain Remington went glassy-eyed turned and then left the brig. Bruce was caught in the middle and he knew it. He really wanted to leave, but he also knew that Shektee wanted to know about Mystique. One thing did occur to him, though.
Bruce looked around and noticed that there were a number of cameras. He hoped they also had microphones. “Hey, somebody should go get Captain Remington before he leaves the ship,” Bruce yelled to the nearest camera.
“Spoilsport,” Shektee stated as she stuck her tongue out at Bruce, breaking the tension in the air.
***
Captain Remington regained consciousness to find himself restrained to a bed in the medical bay. His second in command and the medical officer were standing nearby and monitoring his condition. At first he didn’t remember why he was there or what’d happened. A few seconds later, his memory started to clear and he remembered everything.
“Get me out of these restraints,” he ordered, causing the doctor to step around the monitor and up to his bed.
“First we have to make sure there are no residual effects of the mind control. The tests should be complete in a few minutes; until then, please try to relax.”
“Lieutenant, get me the captain,” Captain Remington ordered as he lay back and tried to decide what to do.
A few minutes later the CO, the XO, and the master-at-arms were standing at Captain Remington’s bed. The topic of conversation was what to do with Shektee. As expected, the CO and master-at-arms wanted to kill her and get her corpse off the ship. Only the XO seemed willing to support Remington in his desire to keep her prisoner. He couldn’t fault them for their attitude. He’d wanted the same thing at first, but given a little time he’d changed his mind. The information they could get from her was too valuable.
“I understand your concerns and the danger to the crew, but she’s too valuable an asset to destroy unless absolutely necessary,” he stated, ending the discussion. The CO could override his authority if he deemed the situation was endangering the ship.
“I think the prison on Beta Zulu Omega should be able to hold her. We keep her in total isolation during the entire trip. The only person to have any contact with her will be Bruce. She doesn’t seem to want to hurt him. He’ll also be kept isolated from the crew. Mystique stays in medical under sedation.” Remington explained his plan to them and then gave them a chance to ask questions. The three were well-disciplined and understood their orders, so there were no questions.
“Doctor, what can you tell us about the creature’s mind control?” the ship’s captain asked.
“Not much. There’s no physical sign of anyone being under her control expect when they are actually doing something that she commands. There does seem to be a few minor indicators in the brainwave patterns of those she has controlled. The victims are a bit more aggressive and the pain-pleasure signals within their brains are a little closer, causing them to feel some pleasure while they’re in pain. I expect those changes to dissipate and fade away within a few days, depending on the length of time the person was controlled,” the doctor started to explain, but Remington cut him off before he could continue.
“So there’s no way of telling who she has under her control?”
“No, not without a full brain scan and even then I am not certain that we can trust the results.”
“All right. The longer she’s onboard the higher the chance she has of gaining control of more crewmembers. So, we leave immediately. I’ll compose a message for high command informing them of our prisoners and my plans. Clear the forward berthing compartment and have Bruce put in it,” Remington instructed as the doctor released him from his restraints.
***
Bruce sat at one of the control panels wondering how much trouble he was in and thinking about how badly his life had been screwed. There was no way he was ever going to be allowed to go to the naval academy now. He’d been arrested for high treason and was consorting with a demon. Not to mention that his girlfriend was the murdering psychopath who summoned the demon. He’d be lucky if they sent him to a prison colony and didn’t just execute him.
He’d told Shektee about how Mystique was doing and she seemed pleased, which hopefully meant she wasn’t going to kill anyone. But how was Captain Remington going to react once he broke her spell? He was probably going to try and kill her once he figured out how, without sending someone in with them, that she could dominate. Which left Bruce to figure out whose side he was on. At some point, Captain Remington and the federation would win, but Shektee was going to take a lot of people with her. The fact she was in a zero-g prison cell didn’t mean much. If he turned against her, maybe he could convince Remington not to kill him or throw him in prison, but she’d probably kill him. His life was over.
Bruce heard the intercom order for him to exit the room, but he’d worked himself into a full-blown depression. The second time the announcement was a bit louder, so Bruce figured that whoever wanted to see him was getting impatient. Not one to avoid trouble, Bruce dragged himself out of the chair and started heading for the exit.
Shektee watched as Bruce got up to leave. She’d felt the increase in despair in him and now his body language told everyone he was beaten. “Bruce, stop,” she ordered
Bruce knew better than to ignore her so he did as he was told.
“Look at me.” Bruce didn’t want to, but again he knew he had to so he turned and look at the demoness that was Shektee’s true form. She was both beautiful and terrifying. He expected her to use some mind control power on him, but she didn’t
“You are here as my representative. You are here to make sure Mystique is treated properly. You are here to save the lives of many humans. You know that I’m not the only one of my kind and that I serve a master much more powerful than me. Believe me when I tell you his vengeance will be terrible. You are here to make sure he does not have to unleash his wrath on the human race. As my representative, you will act with authority and strength, not submission and weakness.”
That was just what Bruce needed to hear; not only was his life ruined, but the fate of thousands of innocent people rested on his shoulders. At least he was pretty sure his situation couldn’t get much worse. So he straightened up and projected confidence he didn’t feel and left the brig. Shektee thought again of leaving. It would be so simple to stop resisting and shift back to her home plane, but she wouldn’t risk the wrath of the ancient.
At the other end of the corridor leading to the brig stood two soldiers in uniform. The fact that they were not in armor was the first thing Bruce noticed; the second being that they were unarmed. He knew that really didn’t matter as far as them being able to physically impose their will on him but it was unusual. They led him down a few corridors to a ladder, then to another corridor that ended in a small sleeping area for some of the crew.
All of the beds had been stripped clean except one. It had a folded sheet and blanket in the middle and a pillow with a pillowcase at one end. All the lockers were open and mostly empty. A few still had scraps of trash and other items left behind by whoever had used them last. The look of the place gave Bruce the impression that the normal occupants had been in a hurry to evacuate.
One of the guards explained that he was confined to this berthing area during their trip. He showed Bruce where the restroom and showers were. He informed him that food would be delivered and placed on one of the empty racks near the door. The crewman would knock before entering and Bruce was not to be visible while the crewman was dropping off or picking up his meals. Bruce tried to ask him a few questions but the soldier ignored him. When he was done, he told Bruce that Captain Remington would arrive shortly to answer his questions.
It was the way the guard closed the compartment door and the sound of the door’s lock sliding into place that put it all together for Bruce. He was in a prison cell. It may be bigger than in the brig but it was still a cell. Bruce let out a sigh of resignation as he went back to his bunk. He had no idea where they were going, but it was clear he was going with them.
A while later Bruce heard a knock at the door before it opened. Captain Remington stepped in carrying a tray with what Bruce guessed was his dinner. Bruce had found the recreation area of the compartment with a few tables and chairs set up near a vid screen. The vid screen wasn’t working and Bruce had no idea where the controls were. Captain Remington brought the tray of food to the table Bruce was sitting at.
“I expect you are hungry. Once you’ve eaten, we can talk about what’s going to happen.”
Bruce hadn’t realized how hungry he was until he saw the food. It was a simple meal of meat and mashed potatoes covered in gravy but it smelled good. Grabbing the fork, he shoveled a mound of mashed potatoes into his mouth. Bruce tried to ignore Remington and to not think about his situation while he ate. He did enjoy his meal. When he was done and finally set his fork down, he looked up at Captain Remington.
“You do realize that she could’ve taken Mystique and killed your entire crew if she’d wanted to?”
“I don’t know about that. She may have done some damage and gotten a few people killed, but we have a number of ways of killing her while she’s in that cell. I am sure one of them will work.”
“Getting out of the cell would’ve taken all of one command. Instead of telling you to leave, she commands you to release her. I’m sure you have the codes to open any cell on this ship. Oh, and once you’d opened her cell and let her out, your next job will be to kill everyone she isn’t controlling. But that isn’t the point.”
“So what is the point?” Remington asked, allowing a little of his irritation to creep into his voice.
“Why didn’t she? Everything she does is for a reason and the number one reason is survival. So if her main goal is to protect Mystique, then why not take control of the ship and some of the crew?”
“She was afraid we’d kill Mystique.” It was the simple answer and it made sense.
“Nah, something else is going on and you have to figure out what soon.”
“You know her better than I do. Why don’t you figure it out?”
“Because I’m on her side. Where you put me,” Bruce stated defiantly.
“What do you mean, where I put you?”
“First you arrest my mom, then you arrest me for treason, and now you have me locked in this room while the ship heads off to some prison planet. You convicted me of being some kind of demon worshiper without even asking how I know her. I bet half the crew wants to kill me, as well as Mystique and Shektee. You ruined my life, so screw you!” Bruce was almost in tears as he screamed the last words at Remington.
“Your life isn’t ruined. You’re confined to this berthing area for security reasons, not because you’re under arrest. Your mother was released as soon as you arrived at the police station. I’ve been hunting demons for over five years and Shektee is the first one to ever communicate. Right now you’re the only one who can get her to talk. We need you to find out as much as you can about her and her kind,” Remington explained, trying to calm Bruce down some. He needed the young man to be thinking calmly and focused on learning everything he could about Shektee.
“I won’t try lying to or tricking her, but I’ll find out what I can. What do you want to know?” Bruce said, feeling a little better about his situation. He still figured he was screwed, but maybe not as badly as he had thought.
“Anything you can find out about where she comes from. How some of them can get across the dimensional barrier without being summoned. What abilities and weaknesses they have. Information like that; I’d even like to know about their social structure if they have one. I understand better than most the risk you’re taking every time you walk into a room with her. This could be a very influential boost to your military career.”
The two continued to talk for the next hour or so about what Bruce had already learned about Shektee. He described how they’d first met and how he’d resisted her mind control. Remington was very interested in that part. If she couldn’t mind control everyone, then he’d be able to trust some of his men to guard her. He was starting to feel better about being able to control Shektee.
That’s when the klaxon sounded and the PA system announced they were fifteen minutes from jump. Everyone was instructed to man their battle stations and all troops were to don their armor. Remington excused himself, saying he needed to be on the battle bridge during transition to jump space. He suggested Bruce either lie down in a rack or sit on the floor. The first transition can be a little hard on the body.
***
As the ship passed through the dimensional barrier into jump space, a new alarm sounded. Every member of the crew knew what it meant. They had an intruder. Something had come aboard during the transition. Then a second alarm sounded, stating that the prisoner in the brig had escaped.
The intruder had appeared in the medical bay inside the room where Mystique was being treated. The soldier standing guard over Mystique was surprised at the sudden appearance of an old man in the room. He’d spent many hours training so his body was in motion even before his brain understood what was happening. The soldier started to raise his rifle, but never got the barrel into position before his armor froze.
The guard outside the isolation room watched as the old man tore open the regeneration tank and removed Mystique. He wanted to stop the man but his armor had locked up and wouldn’t respond to any commands. He’d turned to see what was happening in the room when the guard inside sounded the alarm. Now he had a perfect view of what was going on, but no way of affecting it.
The old man was removing the leads and needles from Mystique when the demoness from the brig appeared next to him. The old man stopped and stepped back so the demoness could finish. When she was done, she used some magic or power on Mystique, causing her to wake up. Then the three of them disappeared and as soon as they were gone, his armor started working again.
***
Captain Remington listened as the reports came in from Medical. The intruder appeared to be an old man. He’d done something to the armor of the soldiers assigned to guard Mystique. Shektee had joined him and now the three were in the forward-berthing compartment with Bruce. Remington had an assault team forming up outside the compartment but with the way they seemed able to teleport around, he wasn’t sure how effective his men would be. So far nobody had gotten hurt, so he was willing to wait and see what developed.
Captain Remington didn’t have to wait long. Shektee appeared in the middle of the combat bridge right beside him. “Dinnertime,” Shektee stated with an evil grin as she grabbed him and teleported away. Everyone on the bridge stared in shocked fascination as the master demon hunter was taken with ease.
They appeared in the small recreation area of the berthing compartment. The hard chairs and tables had been replaced by cushioned high-backed armchairs positioned around a small banquet table covered with platters of food. The old man was at the head of the table with Mystique to his right and Bruce to his left. Everyone at the table had a large plate of food sitting in front of them; Mystique was the only one actually eating.
“Ah, captain, glad you could join us,” the old man said in a pleasant voice. “Bruce here was just trying to convince me not to destroy your ship and crew. He seems to think your attack on my servants was justified.”
“Captain, please have a seat. Would you like something to eat?” Shektee offered as she stepped around the end of the table to sit in a chair next to Mystique.
“What’s going on? Who are you? What happened to my armor?” Captain Remington asked as he continued to look around.
“Captain, you need to be able to adapt to new situations faster if you want to have any chance of surviving. But you do bring up a good point. I am Shektee’s true master and Mystique’s beneficiary of sorts. You may call me sir,” the old man stated before taking a long drink from his wineglass. “As for your armor and weapons, I did not see the sense in you being encumbered by useless garb, so I removed it.”
“You should surrender now. My men will be coming through that door any second and they have orders to kill everyone in this room,” Captain Remington stated trying to take control of the situation.
“I told you he won’t listen to reason. He always has to be the one in charge,” Shektee pointed out. Her sarcasm and dislike for Captain Remington was obvious.
“You can’t kill him just because you don’t like him,” Bruce protested.
“Sure I can; in fact, I do it all the time,” the old man stated matter-of-factly. “But for your sake I am willing to give him a little leeway.”
“Captain, you were brought here to assist Bruce but your comments so far are boosting Shektee’s argument. I would suggest that you take a drink from your wineglass and think before making your next comment,” Mystique advised, speaking for the first time.
Captain Remington was not used to being told what to do by people he considered criminals. But these were extraordinary circumstances so he decided to do at least part of what Mystique had suggested. He decided to listen to what was going on before making another comment.
“As I was saying, the simplest plan is to infest the ship with a ravager or two and let it continue on its course. Mystique will be placed on one of the crowded ships leaving this plane. Unfortunately, Mystique objects to Bruce’s death so a more complex plan will be considered,” the old man explained.
“Captain, Bruce seems to believe that you can help with a plan which will solve the problem of you hunting Mystique and does not require the death of you and everyone else onboard this vessel. Are you equal to the task?” the old man asked like he was asking Remington to pass the potatoes.
“Captain, a few things you should understand are first that jump space is where the creatures you call demons live, and second is that they are more powerful here. You already have an idea about how powerful Shektee is. Her master is her master because he can kill her with very little effort. Now think how easily he can do whatever he chooses to the people on this ship. Personally I don’t care what happens after the way you hunted me, but Bruce seems to think I should, so I’ve asked that you be given a chance,” Mystique explained. Captain Remington realized as he listened to Mystique that her records were wrong on one key topic. She didn’t have psychopathic tendencies; she was a psychopath.
“They live in jump space. I guess that does explain a few things,” Remington said, trying to switch topics and give him a chance to figure out what to do. They were right that fighting was futile.
“Yes, but luckily for you humans, only a few of us know that you enter our realm. Most stay close to the planets where they can feed on the small amount of energy that bleeds through the barrier. If they were to learn about these vessels, I would think that none would ever make it to their destination again,” the old man observed. Remington understood the underlying threat very clearly.
“What energy are you talking about?” Bruce asked, trying to reduce some of the tension.
“Human emotional energy passes through the barrier in small amounts. As we become more powerful, we can have a greater effect on humans, causing a variety of emotional responses. The easiest being fear, but my kind specializes in lust. And as the captain can attest, sometimes we are able find a way to cross the barrier and enter your realm. Then we can feed directly on your life energy. We’re all driven by an unquenchable hunger, or what I thought was unquenchable. Either way, most do not take the time to think; they simply feed,” Shektee explained.
“Captain, if you were let go, would you come after me again?” Mystique asked, causing the others to look at the captain.
“Yes. Either me or another member of psi-core.”
“Who has the authority to stop you?”
“The sector grand marshal or someone higher in rank.”
“See? Killing him won’t solve the problem,” Bruce broke in.
“Maybe not, but it would be fun and satisfying,” Shektee countered with an evil grin.
“Maybe later. First we’ll see if the captain thinks Bruce’s plan can work, and will accept his part in it,” the old man said as if he were calming an attack dog.
“Captain, do you think you can convince your superiors to leave the Grayson family alone and call off the hunt against them?” Bruce asked, trying to get the others back on topic.
The whole family, not just Mystique, were concerned about the wellbeing of the whole family. The realization opened up a new line of strategies but before he could decide on the best course of action, the old man broke his chain of thought. “Captain, I’m not very patient, so I do not intend to drag this out with long negotiations. Are you willing to convince your superiors to leave the Grayson family alone or not?”
The warrior in Captain Remington screamed, “No, I am not your errand boy!” but luckily he was too disciplined to allow his emotions to control his actions. Instead, he simply said, “Yes”
“Good. Shektee will accompany you and answer most of your questions while Mystique and Bruce return to school. At any time Shektee feels the desire, she may return to our realm. I leave that decision up to her. You’ll also explain to the authorities on Nebular 4 that Mystique and Bruce are not to be harassed in any way. I understand your influence is limited, so minor transgressions are up to them to deal with,” the old man stated
“And for past transgressions…Shektee, you are allowed to feed on the humans in the hall.” And before anyone could react, Shektee disappeared. Within second the muffled sounds of fighting were heard in the hallway.
“What are you doing? That wasn’t part of the deal!” Captain Remington demanded as he jumped to his feet.
“Sit down!” the old man ordered, allowing just a fraction of his true power into his command. Captain Remington could not resist; no matter how much he wanted to refuse the old man’s commands, he slowly sat back down.
“Captain, when dealing with our kind, there is one rule you must always keep in mind. Everything has a cost. Your people are now paying the cost for attacking Mystique. I suggest you remember this lesson when you start interrogating Shektee.”
Bruce sat stunned at the idea that Shektee was killing the soldiers in the hall. He had known she was capable of killing, but the idea of her attacking a group of armed and armored soldiers was hard to comprehend. It was suicidal but he was the only one who seemed to think so. Nobody, not even Mystique, seemed the least bit concerned about Shektee’s safety. Was she that powerful or was Mystique that cold-hearted?
“Captain, will you honor our agreement?” the old man asked as he stood up.
“Yes, I will speak with my superiors,” Remington conceded, still feeling the effects of the old man’s power.
“Very well. I am done here. Mystique it was a pleasure to see you again,” the old man stated just before vanishing.
***
Captain Remington struggled against the hatch, trying to open it. The sounds of combat had ended shortly after the old man disappeared. Captain Remington had run to the door, but it was locked and wouldn’t acknowledge his commands. He had tried everything he could think of and was now down to pounding on it with his fists.
“You can calm down, captain. I doubt she’s killing them,” Mystique called over to him as she picked at her plate of food. This caused both Bruce and Captain Remington to give her a quizzical look.
“What makes you think that?” Captain Remington asked, not moving from the hatch.
“She knows that she is going to be working with you and that killing your men will cause problems. She’s not a mindless killer. You just have to give her a reason not to kill, kinda like me,” Mystique explained, wondering why it was not as obvious to them as it was to her.
“Oh, I’ll give her a reason,” Captain Remington replied, grinding his fist into the palm of his other hand.
Bruce thought he saw Mystique smile at that. “Captain, before you threaten anyone, you should figure out what they’re afraid of. Shektee is obviously not afraid of you and if by some chance you did succeed in scaring her, then you’d die.”
Before Captain Remington could think of a reply, the hatch swung open. Shektee was standing on the other side, blood splatter covering her upper torso and arms. She was still in her combat form, which caused Bruce to worry that she was going to attack them next. Captain Remington shifted into a defensive stance, refusing to die without at least putting up some kind of a fight. Only Mystique seemed unaffected by her appearance.
“Your men need medical attention,” Shektee said as she walked past Captain Remington, shifting forms to her natural state. Mystique noticed that Shektee’s horns were larger than she remembered.
“None of them are anywhere near as injured as Mystique was after your attack, so they should all live,” she told him as he scrambled through the open hatch to check on his men.
The scene in the corridor was worse than Captain Remington had expected. Not only had Shektee attacked the ten soldiers waiting in the corridor, but she’d also attacked the six medical personal. To his relief, only a few looked to be physically injured; the rest looked like they were happily sleeping with smiles on their faces. Most of the injured had bullet wounds from where other soldiers had shot them. Only one looked to be in critical condition, his breastplate and part of his chest, as well as his helmet, were ripped open. His heavy rifle was lying next to him with claw marks gouged deeply into the barrel. It looked as though he had tried to defend himself with it.
The secondary medical crew was waiting back far enough to avoid Shektee’s attack but close enough to hear the combat. When their senior officer received the all-clear signal, she had them move in as quickly as possible. Their primary goal was to stabilize the injured and move them to the med bay. Captain Remington called the first to arrive over to the soldier who he was kneeling beside. The rest of the medics spread out among the bodies, checking for injuries and vital signs. The medic helping Remington called for assistance with moving the injured man and informed med bay of the man’s injuries. The chief medic informed medical of the number of patients who would be needing treatment as well as the types of injuries.
Captain Remington was proud of, if not a little surprised at, the speed and proficiency of the backup medical group. He made a mental note to mention it to the captain. Within a few minutes all of the injured and unconscious had been removed from the corridor and a fresh group of soldiers were standing ready for orders. Captain Remington thought about attacking Shektee and Mystique but quickly decided against it. Instead, he sent the troops to guard key locations around the ship while he verified that the danger was over.
***
Bruce was standing near the hatch when Captain Remington opened it. He’d wanted to go see if he could help, but Mystique had suggested that he’d only make matters worse. So he’d waited and listened while the other two sat patiently waiting for Captain Remington’s return. Shektee thought that he was foolish enough to charge in and attack while Mystique figured that he would simply try to lock them in again.
“Are your men going to be okay?” Bruce asked, not trusting Shektee’s assessment of the wounds she’d inflicted. Captain Remington’s hands were covered in blood and he had a look of barely contained rage on his face.
“Captain, I suggest you go clean up and prepare to re-enter the Nebular 4 system. Bruce and I will wait here for your return. Shektee will not be crossing back into normal space with the ship,” Mystique said, trying to sound pleasant but failing miserably.
“What? How? We are headed—” Captain Remington stopped himself before disclosing their destination; only authorized personal knew of the existence of the base they’d been headed to.
Mystique noticed his reaction and decided to answer the questions he’d asked without causing any more tension. “The ancient turned the ship around and is kicking us out of their dimension. He did say he was powerful.”
Captain Remington covered his amazement by going on the offensive. He really wasn’t a diplomat. “What do you mean that Shektee isn’t coming with us? The agreement was that she’d answer our questions about her dimension.”
“And I will. I’ll rejoin you when you enter this dimension, as you call it. Passing through the dimensional barrier on a ship does not reduce my hunger the way being summoned does, therefore it’s safer for all if I spend as little time in your dimension as possible.”
“How long before your hunger forces you to feed?” Bruce asked, interested and not trusting Remington to ask the right questions.
“Two, maybe three days, after which I’ll either feed or shift back into my home dimension. I don’t belong in your dimension and I must expend energy to remain, so leaving is as simple as breathing.”
“We’ll figure out some way for you to feed,” Captain Remington stated. The conversation had worked to calm him and get his mind off his injured men.
“Captain, is the ship ready to return to our dimension? Shouldn’t you inform the rest of the crew?” Mystique asked, changing the subject. She wanted to talk with Shektee before the transition and she didn’t want Remington listening in.
“You should strap into one of the bunks,” Remington instructed as he headed out of the berthing compartment.
Bruce closed the hatch after Remington and headed back over to the girls. “Thank you.”
“What for?” Shektee asked, giving him a quizzical look.
“For not killing everyone onboard.”
“Not now. Shektee, what’s a RABUM-ANZILLU?” Mystique needed to know.
“Silence!” Shektee yelled and, for the first time, Bruce saw Shektee panic. Shektee clamped her hand over Mystique’s mouth and looked around expecting an attack. Mystique didn’t struggle and after almost a minute of staring around the room, Shektee finally released her.
“How do you know that name?” Shektee asked, forcing herself to calm down.
“It’s part of a phrase that popped into my head while the ancient was here. I think it’s another summoning phrase, but what does it summon?”
“A creature that hunts demons; if you summon it, everything will die. The ancient may be able to keep it from attacking you, but that does not guarantee you will survive.”
“Bleen! Why would he put that in my head? I get into enough trouble.”
“I would guess it is in case Captain Remington’s superiors decide to hunt you down again.”
“Do me a favor and forget the phrase please,” Bruce broke in.
“I wish I could, but it doesn’t work.”
“Bruce, never say those words. Just speaking of them can gain their attention,” Shektee left it to Bruce’s imagination to fill in the blank as to what their attention would cause.
“Boija Tamoi,” was all Bruce could say as he fell into a seat, stunned at the idea of what one of these creatures looked like and how destructive they could surely be.
“All right. Next question is, can I still summon you if you’re already in this dimension but on another planet?”
“I have no idea. Summonings are actually very rare. It is very difficult to pass the information on how to summon through the barrier, and normally the summoned demon kills the summoner as soon as possible. Most are mindless killers like Captain Remington expects.”
“Would you mind if I tried to summon you in a few months or so? I’ve gotten used to having you watching my back and some things are easier to discuss with you than anyone else.”
“Certainly. I too have grown used to your company, and your understanding and acceptance of my feeding habits makes our time together agreeable,” Shektee said with a smile that made Bruce’s skin crawl. At times he could almost forget she was a demon, and then there were times like this when she really proved she was evil.
“Bruce, I would ask you to have these converted into a currency Mystique can use,” Shektee requested, handing Bruce a small pouch. When Bruce dumped part of the contents out into his hand, his eyes went wide with surprise. The pouch was full of large gems of different colors and shapes. He had no idea how much they were worth, other than a small fortune.
“Where did you get these?” Mystique asked as she looked over the gems.
“There are many creatures in this dimension; I traded a small amount of energy for them.”
Mystique gave Shektee an appraising look as she asked, “What do I owe you for them?”
“Nothing. You allowed me more time to hunt than I’d hoped for, which means I owed you. This payment is to even the scales.”
“The ship is starting to pass through the barrier. Summon me when you’re ready,” Shektee stated as she faded away.
***

Chapter 12
Back to School
Mystique sat with Bruce in the interrogation room waiting to see what would happen. Captain Remington had ignored standard protocol by having the shuttle pilot fly straight to police headquarters. A group of officers had been waiting for them on the roof, but their greeting was anything but friendly. Two of Captain Remington’s men and two officers had escorted them to the room and told them to wait. They’d been waiting for four hours and twenty-three minutes. Bruce was keeping track and informing Mystique every few minutes.
It was another hour and sixteen minutes before the door finally opened. Bruce’s mother was the first through, followed by Mr. Shensi. Major Castleman was a few steps behind, speaking with Captain Remington. Bruce didn’t even try to hide his relief and joy at seeing his mother, and she returned his loving hug with reassuring whispers. Mystique didn’t bother to stand up. No one was eager to hug and reassure her; in fact, Mr. Shensi had moved to put as much distance between them as he could. Major Castleman gave her a quick nod but that was all.
“Bruce, you’re free to go. Your mother will explain the conditions of your release,” Captain Remington stated, expecting Bruce to leave without question. But of course Bruce had plenty of questions and he wanted at least some answers before Captain Remington left.
“What about our records? I know the deal was that we’re not to be harassed, but what about my chances of going to the Naval Academy?”
“Your records here are clean. All charges and evidence against either of you have been removed. There will be no repercussions for the actions taken by anyone involved in this incident. As for the Naval Academy, your application has been fast-tracked. Certain members of military high command will be receiving a copy of the report on what took place here. I would expect them to have a few questions for you.”
“Thank you.”
“Come on, Bruce, let’s go,” Bruce’s mother said, leaving no doubt she wanted to leave immediately. Mr. Shensi was already moving toward the door.
“I’ll see you at school, Bruce,” Mystique said as he turned to her.
“No! You will not. You have caused this family enough trouble. I never want you seeing Bruce again,” Claudia Montagu raged. Her face was deep red and her hands clinched into fists as she stared at Mystique. Mystique calmly stood up, preparing herself for Mrs. Montagu’s attack.
“In that case…Bruce, give me the gems. I’ll figure a way to sell them,” Mystique said calmly as she stepped toward Bruce. Major Castleman and Captain Remington both shifted position to give them a better chance to react if violence broke out. Major Castleman didn’t expect to have time to save Ms. Montagu if Mystique did attack, but he’d have to try.
“Mom, calm down,” Bruce ordered as he moved to block her potential attack. Once he was confident his mother wasn’t going to attack, Bruce turned and started handing Mystique the pouch of gems.
“You’re not giving her anything,” Claudia Montagu stated loudly as she reached past Bruce to grab the pouch from his hand before Mystique could. Mystique’s first instinct was to slap Claudia’s hand away and take the gems, but she knew that her slap would probably shatter the older woman’s hand. Instead she chose to give Bruce a chance to save his mother.
“Those are my gems. Bruce was asked to sell them for me. So, please hand them over,” Mystique said, her voice just slightly over a whisper.
Claudia instead chose to step back and look inside the pouch. Her mouth dropped open as she saw the assortment of gems in the pouch. She had expected to find garnets and maybe a few other worthless stones, not diamonds, rubies, and sapphires. There were even a few she did not recognize. All thoughts of what was going on around her faded into the background as she poured a few of the gems into her palm for a better look.
Mystique gave Bruce a look, letting him know he had only a few seconds to get her the gems before she got them herself. Bruce understood the danger his mother was in. He spun around, saying, ‘Mom, give them back; they’re Mystique’s gems.”
“Where would she get gems like this? If they’re hers, then she stole them from somebody,” Claudia said, feeling her superiority.
“Where did those come from?” Captain Remington asked, looking at Bruce and Mystique. He had an idea but wanted to be sure.
“Shektee gave them to me. Ms. Montagu, give them to me,” Mystique ordered in her quiet voice. Major Castleman moved closer to Mystique. He had heard that voice before and knew it meant she was about to seriously hurt somebody. Captain Remington moved to see the gems, not believing Mystique would do anything in front of so many witnesses.
Bruce knew his time was running out so he made a grab for the pouch. Bruce had never been very graceful. He was able to get a hold of the pouch but, in doing so, he knocked the gems in his mother’s palm into the air. A half-dozen gems sparkled as they went bouncing around the room. The shock of seeing the gems sailing by was enough to allow Bruce to wrench the pouch free; without hesitation, he threw it over his shoulder, confident that Mystique would catch it. Mystique’s reflexes were as good as Bruce had expected; she snagged the pouch out of the air, making sure no more of its contents escaped.
Everyone in the room stood still as the gems bounced to rest. They all knew that the first person to reach for a gem was going to be the target of at least verbal abuse. Finally Mystique broke the stalemate, “They are mine. I want all of them back.”
“They are extra-dimensional material, so I am going to have to confiscate them,” Captain Remington stated, but before Mystique could protest, he continued: “You said that Bruce was going to sell them for you. I will authorize a five-hundred-thousand credit payment for them.”
Mystique looked at Remington, appraising how serious he was. She started to protest his claim on them, but the offer of payment seemed sincere. “Okay, that works for me,” she said as she handed Remington the pouch.
“Wait a minute. They’re worth ten times that amount,” Bruce claimed.
“It’s all right. It’s enough and the captain didn’t have to offer to pay anything. He’s already being generous,” Mystique replied, giving Captain Remington a little nod.
“Bruce, if you ever want to get in contact with me, Major Castleman will know how. I’d strongly suggest you learn how to fight. You’re marked now and the book lady said those who are marked attract bad things,” Mystique told Bruce as his mother dragged him toward the exit. She had clearly had enough of all of them and wanted to leave. Mr Shensi was already out in the hall waiting.
“So, how upset is the ambassador with me?” Mystique asked as she turned her attention to Major Castleman.
“He is annoyed, but it’ll pass once things get back to normal. What about you?”
“You did what you had to. I don’t blame you for anything,” Mystique said to Castleman while looking at Remington, giving the men impression that she meant it for both of them.
“Any word from Angelica or Daemon?”
“Yes. They made it to New Sydney without much incident, though the report I received about the voyage was interesting. It seems Angelica was quite attracted to one of the officers and her empathic ability caused a bit of trouble,” Castleman told her with a sly grin. Mystique understood what’d happened and chuckled. Remington looked at both of them, confused.
Mystique spotted Remington’s quizzical look and explained: “Angelica can project emotions onto those around her. Normally she uses it to keep people calm and cooperative. I am guessing she was feeling a bit lustful and was projecting that instead.”
Both Mystique and Castleman burst out laughing as Remington realized what that meant. Remington joined them in their laughter. If the reports he had read were true, he could just imagine the chaos the captain of the vessel endured.
After a time, the jokes and laughter subsided and Castleman regained his normal professional manner. He asked Mystique if she’d be joining them on New Sydney.
“No. I have to go back to school. It is part of the arrangement with Captain Remington. He needs to be able to find and contact me. We can talk about it later.”
“I have a question before you go. Is there anything more you can tell me about the gems?” Captain Remington asked.
“Not much. Shektee said she traded for them. She felt she owed me for allowing her to feed as much as she did,” Mystique explained, but when she saw the reaction to her allowing Shektee to feed, she decided that also warranted an explanation. “She didn’t kill all the time. In fact, she spent most of the time she was hunting practicing how to feed without killing, as well as erasing the memory of what had happened. The only ones she did kill were bad guys who deserved to die.”
“All right. Who’d she trade with? And what do they use for currency?” Remington asked, not wanting to get sidetracked by a moral argument with a psychopath.
“She said that there are a lot of different creatures in her dimension. Life energy seems to be the main currency everything wants it and it is difficult for them to obtain. If you’re thinking about trading with others of her kind, just remember they don’t see us as anything but food. Shektee would’ve killed me the first time we met if not for the old man. Now I think she might keep me around as a useful pet,” Mystique explained. The reference to an old man didn’t make sense to Castleman, but he made note to ask her more about him later.
“They’re all amoral psychopaths; I think that’s the main reason Shektee and I get along so well. I know what the doctors say about me but they’re wrong. I do have feelings for others and I do know right from wrong. It’s just hard for me to care,” Mystique explained defiantly, challenging either of them to argue with her.
“Mystique, it’s been very interesting meeting you. Please try to stay out of trouble,” Captain Remington said as he bent to pick up one of the fallen gems. Castleman understood the dismissal and ushered Mystique out and down the hall.
***
Mystique was back in the coffee shop having her tea. The only difference was now she shared her table with Alan and Sam. The boys had avoided her at first but Bruce’d asked them to give her a message. Once they realized Shektee was gone and she wasn’t hunting any crime bosses, they’d started hanging around more often. They were still a bit leery, but they offered to help with her studies.
Bruce’s mother had him transferred as soon as she found out the Mystique was back in school. The message he’d sent her was to let her know that he’d been summoned to the naval academy. The summons said that he’d scored high enough to qualify for special early admission. They both knew it was more likely he’d be heading for a lot of questions about Shektee. He’d written that he would try to stay in touch. Mystique was pretty sure he wouldn’t.
The school administrator had not wanted her back but Ambassador Quinn had been able to change his mind. He had also arranged for her to have an apartment off campus. The apartment was close to campus and she’d insisted on it having three bedrooms. Normally it wouldn’t be allowed, but again strings had been pulled. Sara Vickers was now her legal guardian as well as her bodyguard.
She liked not having to live in the dorm but living with Sara had its own problems. The biggest of which was about to show up. It had been a little over two months and Mystique had arranged for a trip out to a hunting lodge for a long weekend. She was hoping that by being out in the middle of nowhere, nobody would notice the lightning storm caused by the summoning. She had also checked the weather map and the area where the lodge was located was supposed to have rain all weekend.
Sara had of course refused to allow Mystique to go alone. Mystique bought a fishing pole and a tackle box full of hooks and lures. She also arranged to borrow a rifle from the embassy. Sara planned on bringing a satellite uplink, an assault rifle, and a pistol. The lodge was supposed to be fully furnished and stocked with supplies.
Mystique planned to sneak out on Saturday night after Sara went to bed and summon Shektee. She did not want to risk Sara interrupting her during the summoning. The idea of killing her and having Shektee replace her had crossed her mind but Angelica would find out and not approve. Since she couldn’t kill Sara, there was no sense in hurting her unless she had to.
They arrived at the camp by air car Friday afternoon. One advantage of having Sara along was that she knew how to drive pretty much any vehicle. Sara’d actually smiled once they had left the city limits and she could relax a little. Mystique was a bit surprised at some of the maneuvers Sara flew. She had expected Sara to fly at a safe speed and attitude the entire trip.
They hadn’t fully unpacked the air car before Mystique decided to explore the area around the lodge. The place was built to accommodate up to ten people so the two of them had plenty of room. There were a pair of small buildings, one near the river that ran about fifty feet from the lodge. The other was next to a target range. Mystique thought about the rifle she had brought. Maybe she’d get a chance to use it after all.
“You should really go inside, out of the rain,” Sara suggested as Mystique stood looking at the target range. Sara was wearing a raincoat but Mystique was just wearing her jeans and t-shirt. She didn’t care, though; the weather didn’t bother her.
“Go inside. I am going to check the river and look around some more,” Mystique suggested, knowing Sara would never let her wander around alone.
Twenty minutes later Mystique finally entered the house. It was a huge log-cabin style building with a large fire pit in the center of the great room. A large kitchen area with a huge dining table filled the left side of the room. A set of stairs leading to the second floor bedrooms and bathroom was built next to the kitchen along the back wall. A hallway opposite the front door led to the master bedroom, a study, and a bathroom.
Sara suggested they take adjoining rooms on the second floor for security reasons. Mystique chose not to argue and raise Sara’s suspicions so they took the two rooms on the left side of the hall with Mystique sandwiched between Sara and the bathroom. Sara offered to make dinner while Mystique freshened up and unpacked.
Mystique had brought a lot of clothing and gear, so unpacking took a little time. She had brought extra clothing for Shektee to use. When she was done unpacking, Mystique took a quick shower and changed into a comfortable set of sweats. Downstairs Sara had a pair of steaks cooking on the fire pit grill. The smell of the cooking steaks filled the air, making Mystique’s mouth water with anticipation. Sara also had a few large potatoes wrapped in foil baking in the fire. Condiments were spread out on the table along with a pair of plates and silverware.
Mystique ate in silence as she watched the fire burn. The food was delicious. Sara was a natural cook and away from the city she was relaxed enough to enjoy cooking. Normally Sara had to worry about Mystique sneaking out and getting into trouble. She figured that out in the middle of the woods there wasn’t much reason for Mystique to sneak out. Sara hoped this would be a relaxing weekend with minimal trouble. She had no idea Mystique liked fishing, so this weekend had already been a nice surprise. Sara loved the outdoors.
The next morning Mystique dressed for spending a day in the rain and after breakfast she grabbed her fishing pole and went fishing. The river was not very big, maybe thirty feet across at the wide spots. It was also only two to three feet deep and very clear with a rocky bottom. Sara had followed her out but had stopped at the water’s edge. She didn’t see any reason for getting wet. Neither of them had brought hip boots, so when Mystique waded out into the river she got soaked. Once Mystique stopped moving up and down the river and settled in to fish, Sara set up a small canopy and worked on starting a fire. Sara’d brought a small torch to light the wet wood, so it didn’t take her long to get a good fire going.
By noon Mystique was starting to get cold and Sara was complaining about her getting sick. She’d caught three good-sized fish so they headed back to the lodge. Sara cooked two of the fish while Mystique took a hot shower and changed into dry clothes. She had planned on going hunting or at least doing some target practice with the rifle, but decided to stay inside and do some studying. Sara was glad that they weren’t going back out into the rain. The two spent the rest of the day sitting by the fire pit watching videos or reading and studying.
***
As Mystique had hoped, the rain was turning into a full thunderstorm. It was as if nature knew what she was planning to do and was fighting against it. She waited until a little after two in the morning before sneaking out. It was easy for her to get past Sara’s perimeter of alarm traps. Sara had gotten more creative in designing the traps but that had only made beating them more interesting.
Mystique hiked about a half-mile down river before she stopped and looked around. The night was pitch black but Mystique’s enhanced vision allowed her to make out basic shapes. She made sure Sara hadn’t followed her and that there was no wildlife in the area that might attack her. Once she was satisfied, she sat down on a large rock overlooking the river and started the chant.
The lighting increased in frequency and size as Mystique continued to repeat the chant over and over. Finally, one large bolt struck mere yards away from her. The force of the lightning strike was enough to knock her backward over the rock she’d been sitting on. As Mystique tried to clear her head and pull herself upright, a hand reached down and grasped her upper arm.
“You had to summon me to a rainstorm,” Shektee said, acting angry and upset, but Mystique knew better. If Shektee had really been angry she would’ve left her on the ground.
“Everything go okay with Captain Remington and his people?” Mystique asked, having to shout over the noise of the storm.
“We can speak of it somewhere less annoying. Where’s your vehicle?” Shektee asked, expecting Mystique to have driven out of the city to summon her.
“I don’t have one. I am staying in a house a short walk upriver,” Mystique told her before turning to lead the way back to the lodge.
They didn’t bother trying to talk on the hike back. The storm had returned to normal but it was still making it difficult to see or hear anything. As they got within sight of the clearing around the lodge, Shektee put her hand on Mystique’s shoulder. When Mystique looked back she dropped into a crouch and focused on her obfuscate ability. Something had triggered Shektee’s combat form and until Mystique knew what it was, she was taking no chances. Shektee crouched down next to her and leaned forward to press her forehead to Mystique’s
“I feel the presence of nearby predators. Wait here while I go find them.” Mystique heard Shektee’s voice but there was no background noise and she was certain that Shektee’s mouth had not moved.
Mystique watched as Shektee shifted forms into a large black panther and slunk away. Mystique carefully looked around to see if she could spot any sign of what’d caused Shektee’s feeling. The only thing she observed was that the windows to Sara’s room were broken. She was trying to think of what could’ve caused the damage when she heard a faint scream. So she tried to focus on listening. A few long minutes later the scream came again and this time Mystique was sure it’d come from the lodge.
Mystique knew that she should wait, but sitting and waiting was not her style, so she started moving toward the back door of the lodge. She focused on her obfuscate ability, knowing if there were people watching the lodge she was about to crawl out and into their view. Mystique slowly belly crawled across the open yard to the wood stack near the back door. As she slipped up onto the porch, she realized the tripwire Sara had set was broken. At least Sara had gotten a short warning before they got inside.
The back door swung open with a gentle push. Mystique was crouched to the side waiting for someone to react to the opening door. When nothing happened and she didn’t hear anything, she quickly slid inside and gently closed the door, careful not to make any noise. Without thinking, Mystique instinctively drew a combat knife with her left hand and a throwing spike with her right.
As she started to move down the hall toward the great room, she heard the sound of liquid being splashed, followed by a weak groan. She wasn’t sure but she thought it was Sara who had groaned. Seconds later, a man’s voice was demanding to know where Mystique was. Sara didn’t respond at first but then screamed in pain.
Mystique reached the end of the hall; she was crouched low and still back far enough to be in the shadows when she saw the first assailant. He was wearing light powered combat armor and carrying a gauss rifle. Mystique saw him and smiled; the fool had taken his helmet off. Shifting just a little allowed Mystique to find two more men in armor. One was holding Sara near the fire pit while the other studied her. He seemed to be waiting for some sign from Sara. Sara’s head was hanging low and Mystique was not sure that she was conscious. Finally, Sara started to raise her head and the man in charge picked up a burning ember from fire pit. He demanded Sara tell him where Mystique was hiding as he moved the ember closer to Sara’s left eye.
Mystique had seen enough; if they wanted to play dirty, she could play. Cocking her arm back for a full-strength throw, Mystique launched her throwing spike at the man without his helmet. Mystique had fought people in powered armor at the embassy for practice and knew that her spikes were useless against it. There were a few weak places she could drive her knife through but that would mean close hand-to-hand combat. The man’s helmet would have deflected Mystique’s strongest throw with ease had he been wearing it. The spike slammed into the man’s forehead just above the right eye. The sound of their dead companion crashing to the ground stunned the two with Sara for a fraction of a second but it was long enough for Mystique to slip into the master bedroom. As she went, she yelled as loud as she could, “You wanted me. Here I am!”
Shektee had found the two men watching the lodge and was watching them when she heard Mystique’s yell. The yell had come from inside the lodge, meaning Mystique had entered the building and engaged someone inside. Shektee wasted no time. She launched herself at the nearest man, her claws slicing through the weak flex armor of the neck. The second man had time to look at her and scream before she also took his head.
Inside, the man holding Sara dropped her without a thought, pulling his heavy rifle into position to fire. The other man spun toward the sound of Mystique’s voice, grabbing a grenade from his harness as he did. Without hesitation, the man pitched the grenade into the hall where it detonated. It was a flash grenade with a sonic element that caused anyone within its blast radius to be blinded and deafened. The door to the bedroom protected Mystique from the flash, but the sonic blast left her ears ringing and her equilibrium a mess.
Shektee heard the blast and charged the building. The large plate-glass window that allowed such a nice view of the river and woods shattered as Shektee’s combat form slammed into it. She was projecting a strong aura of fear as she landed in the middle of the room. The man with the rifle swung around and fired out of instinct, strafing the room as he did. The other man was more disciplined and ignored Shektee instead of focusing on the target of his hunt. If he killed the witch, then the demon would be sucked back to whatever hell it’d been summoned form, or at least that was what he believed.
Shektee dodged the hail of bullets as she moved closer to the man shooting at her. A few rounds grazed her bone armor, doing a small amount of damage, but nothing that would slow her down. Within seconds the man had emptied his ammo clip, giving Shektee the opening she needed. She dove forward as he ejected his clip, driving the claws of her right hand through his stomach armor where the weaker, more flexible, bands of armor were instead of a hard plate. With her left hand, Shektee ripped the rifle from his grasp and threw it across the room. She wanted to feed on him but didn’t have time to remove his helmet, so she had to satisfy herself with his fear and pain as she ripped his head off, helmet and all.
Mystique was waiting when the man entered the doorway to the master bedroom. The benefit of growing up on a high-gravity planet had been increased by the ancient, causing her to be stronger than most men. She was still no match for powered armor but it did allow her to push the dresser across the room like a battering ram. The impact of the dresser was enough to knock the man back across the hall and into the wall on the far side but not enough to hurt him. In anger, the man kicked at the dresser, expecting it to slide out of the doorway, but Mystique had anticipated his move so she was holding the dresser in place. The man’s armored foot smashed through the side of the dresser and downward. Mystique reacted instantly by pushing the dresser over, levering the man’s leg to the side and bringing him to his knees.
Mystique grabbed the edge of the dresser for balance and support as she jumped up and dove feet-first out through the doorway. She caught the man by surprise as both her heels slammed into the side of his head. His armor absorbed most of the impact but his head still snapped to the side.
Unfortunately for Mystique, this man was the veteran of many close combat fights. He swung his right arm in a wide arc, sweeping her off him. Mystique knew she had to keep pressing her attack; if the man had a chance to recover he’d win. So she rolled with the arm sweep, grabbing his arm as she went. When he reached the end of his range of motion she pulled, causing him to fall over on his side.
The man countered by firing his pistol, hoping the random shots would cause Mystique to retreat or misstep, anything that would give him a chance to get back to his feet and free of the dresser. So far he was in no real danger, but neither was he able to do anything to the witch. The gunfire in the great room had stopped so he was running out of time. He had no illusions that his man had been able to kill the demon, which meant very soon it would be coming for him. He swung his left arm around, his hand open and him hoping to catch some part of the witch’s clothing, if not her. He also kicked with both feet, shattering the dresser to pieces.
Mystique squirmed quickly to the side as she tried to push the man’s pistol arm upward. The bullets missed but having to dodge them had put her in a position of his left hand snagging her shirt. His grip was tenuous at best but it was enough to break her momentum. He was gaining the upper hand and there was little she could do about it. Another swing of his right arm landed a glancing blow to her ribcage, causing a sudden spike of pain. The man took advantage of her slight hesitation by rolling over and swinging his left arm in a sweeping motion, catching and pulling her in to him.
Before the man could get a good grip on Mystique, he found himself being lifted off her by his helmet. Shektee picked the man up by his head and then she spun around, flipping him over her shoulder. She slammed him into the floor with enough force to crack most of the floorboards.
“Alive,” Mystique tried to yell but found she could barely say it. The glancing blow to her ribcage had cracked a few ribs, making it difficult to breath. Shektee heard Mystique’s command and had to struggle to obey it. Every instinct in her demanded that she kill the man. She did allow herself to cripple him, driving her claws into his shoulder and hip joints. Next, she split his helmet in two and removed it.
Meanwhile, Mystique crawled up the wall to stand leaning heavily on it. Sara had gotten to her feet and staggered to the entrance of the hallway. She was carrying the gauss rifle from the man Mystique’s throwing spike had killed. She could barely lift the heavy rifle but was determined to protect Mystique.
Mystique saw her lifting the rifle to aim it and waved to her to stop. Shektee saw the woman and felt her concern. Mystique pushed off the wall and staggered in between Sara and Shektee. Sara didn’t fire; she couldn’t without risking hitting Mystique with a stray round. She’d hoped to distract the demon long enough for Mystique to escape. Shektee knew Sara could hurt her with that rifle but guessed that she wouldn’t, so she shifted forms to that of a large woman. With one hand she grabbed the man’s breastplate at the collar and with the other she helped Mystique walk down the hall to the great room.
Sara backed up slowly. Mystique didn’t think she could move quickly if she wanted to. The attackers had beaten and tortured her badly. Her left hand looked like it had third-degree burns, forcing her to use her forearm to lift the barrel of the rifle. Once all four were in the room, Mystique sat on one of the sofas while Sara leaned against an armchair. Shektee dropped the man in the center of the room, then turned to Sara.
“Stop aiming that at me,” Shektee demanded in a very commanding voice. Sara hesitated, but a nod from Mystique gave her enough reassurance to lower her aim.
Shektee watched as the barrel moved away from her and to the floor. Once she was satisfied Sara wouldn’t shoot her in the back, she went to check on Mystique’s wounds. Besides the cracked ribs Mystique, had a number of bruises, but no other broken bones. Shektee focused on healing Mystique’s ribs. She was not competent enough to completely them, but the bones were well on their way to being whole again. Once she was done, Mystique was able to breathe much easier.
“Find out who he is and who sent him after me. Please” Mystique asked Shektee. Sara watched in fascination as the demon cared for Mystique and followed her orders. She’d read Mystique’s file and knew a little about Shektee but she hadn’t believed it, at least until now.
Shektee bent down and kissed the man’s forehead, causing him to lose consciousness. She read his memories and drained a small amount of his life energy to replace what she’d used healing Mystique. It would take her time to sift through all the man’s memories to find what they were looking for. She gave a quick look but nothing presented itself as important.
“I have his memories. It will take some time to find who sent him. He’s from another world here to track us down and kill us,” Shektee explained, looking over at Mystique.
“Thank you. Could you take him outside while I talk to Sara. He liked causing pain; see how much he can take before you kill him,” Mystique said, calmly sentencing the man to a terrible death. Sara tried but couldn’t feel sorry for the man.
“I’ll call you when it’s time to leave,” Mystique added as Shektee carried the man into the hall and out the back door.
“Sara, how long before your backup arrives?”
Sara thought about playing dumb and stalling but decided against it. “Five, maybe ten, minutes, tops. They had to scramble from the embassy. So, that’s Shektee, the demon mentioned in your file?”
“Yes. Summoning her causes a lightning storm, hence the reason for coming way out here during a storm. I hadn’t expected to be the target of someone’s hunters. I’m going to disappear and go into hiding. Tell Major Castleman that I’ll be in touch when I know more about who’s after me,” Mystique explained as she got up and headed toward the stairs.
“I’m going with you. I’m your bodyguard,” Sara stated, struggling to get to her feet.
“No. Shektee is my bodyguard; she’ll keep me safe. You need a hospital and time to recover. I’ll be back down in a minute.”
***
Three minutes later Mystique was at the back door calling to Shektee. Sara was standing next to her, leaning heavily on the wall but determined to go with her. Shektee came walking up to the back door, a satisfied grin on her face. Mystique handed her a set of sweats to wear and a pair of sneakers. Shektee inspected each as she put them on.
“We are in kind of a hurry. I want to be deep in the woods before the rescue team arrives,” Mystique pointed out to Shektee. Shektee gave her a smirk and kept dressing at the same pace.
“Mind helping Sara out a little with her wounds?” Mystique mentioned, giving Sara a quick nod.
“If you insist,” Shektee said as she darted in to give Sara a peck on the cheek. Shektee didn’t need long to transfer energy, but unlike Angelica she did need to make physical contact. The slight and quick contact was enough for her to steal a small amount of Sara’s life energy, rendering her unconscious. Shektee guided her to the floor and then used the energy she had taken to heal the worst of Sara’s wounds. Mystique watched and when Shektee was done, she started walking for the woods.
Shektee moved passed Mystique to lead the way through the woods. They were only a few hundred yards from the house when the attack shuttles flew overhead. There were two shuttles; one went straight to the cabin to drop the rescue team, while the other flew a tight circle around the perimeter. By the time the rescue team landed, any chance they had of finding Mystique was gone.
***

Chapter 13
The Road Home
Major Castleman read the message and gave a quiet sigh of relief. It was from Mystique. She’d placed it on his kitchen table sometime last night while he was sleeping. Anyone else and he would’ve been upset about how they’d broken into his house, but not her. She seemed to be able to get in anywhere she wanted. The note was handwritten so he could verify it was Mystique who wrote it.
Major Castleman set the note down and got a bottle from his liqueur cabinet. He added a double shot of Irish whiskey to his coffee then set the bottle down. Others might be upset about the note but he was relieved. He’d been searching for Mystique and Shektee for a week now with no clue where they’d gone or what they were planning on doing. Now his search was over and he could relax.
He picked up the note and read it again, before setting it down and calling the embassy. Ambassador Quinn would want to know about this development and would probably be just as relieved.

Major,
I have found out that Lenard Johnson’s bosses have decided to have me killed. I am going to see Daemon and Angelica to discuss what to do about it. By the time you read this, I’ll be on a ship in jump space. Please tell Captain Remington that our deal is still intact and I’ll contact him once I’ve talked to Daemon and Angelica.
Take care,
Mystique Grayson
Oh, Shektee sends you a big kiss.

