Nemesis
Copyright © 2019 John Arkham



Nemesis
Dominion Part I
John Arkham





Part One:
The Fall






Chapter One

How far I have fallen.
Outside the starship’s windows, Saturnine watched the snow fall down and swirl… in the distance were dark clouds, a storm furious and violent.  
Here he was, at his nadir, hiding away on a desolate planet, only one misstep from arrest. Three months ago, he’d been at his pinnacle: the elected Consul of the Dominion, receiving the vast majority of votes in the capital.
But he had been driven from office. A warrant had been sought for his arrest. He faced charges of treason, of vote-tampering, of espionage, dreamt up by his political foes. All of them had been bought off. Each member of the Elder Council was for sale. They had removed him from the Consulship; then demanded his execution.
Saturnine was cupping a hot mug of caratch in his hands. He had spent so long in thought, so long in reflection, it had lost much of its heat. He could still smell the sweetness of it, spiced with cinnamon and herbs and sugar cubes. Yet he had lost all capacity for enjoyment. He had a family to take care of. He had servants depending on him. He had his wife, sweet Katerine. But most of all he worried about his son, Rex, only twelve years old and now thrust into the middle of uncertainty.
The buzzer sounded. He saw, up above, on the viewscreen that Katerine was at the door. She was holding something in her hand. He pressed the button unlocking the door, and Katerine entered.
Saturnine swiveled around in his chair.
He teared up at the sight of her. She had never asked for any of this. She had married him at the pinnacle of his success, when he had led DynnoCorp. Now she was stuck with him here, a wanted man, on a frozen planet.
Soon enough, the Dominion of Planets would find out he had sought refuge on Nexus. He would have to depart soon. There was a limit to his resources. His accounts had been frozen. He would run out of money soon. And then, sooner or later, he’d face the crooked justice of the Dominion. He’d be executed for crimes he did not commit. He would face death for something he’d never think of doing. Espionage. Treason. They were all lies!
“Saturnine,” Katerine said. “Rex has been secluding himself again. He’s been drawing…”
The thing she was holding was a slip of paper. Saturnine took it from her hands and examined it. Amid scrawls of treetowers in Klyss and herds of therion stampeding through fields, a sequence of numbers had been written down, in the margins and across the page: 5-0-9-0-11-0.
“What is this?” Saturnine said.
“He’s been dreaming,” Katerine said. “That’s what he told me…” 
“Dreams,” Saturnine said. “He is worried… like we all are.”
It was Councilor Gaius Marius who had first leveled the charges… that he had received help from the Palladians, from the Avridians, even from the Wasters on the edge of the solar system. Councilor Gaius Marius had betrayed him, after offering support for his consulship, after giving him aid both moral and financial. Had he been in on the plot all along?
“Saturnine!” Katerine snapped.
He had lost focus again. “I am sorry, my love,” he said. “I got distracted again…”
She was so beautiful. Now fifty years old, she seemed to grow dearer to him each passing year. And he could lose her, and Rex. It would be all his fault. 
Well, not really. How could he have predicted the treachery of the Elder Council?  How could he have surmised his dearest friends would betray him?
Katerine snatched the paper from him. “Perhaps, it is not a good time to talk.”
She stormed off, angry, sullen, but perhaps cognizant of Saturnine’s worry, of his intense fears and growing despair. How could he be a father to Rex, and a husband to Katerine, when he was so consumed with their survival? A frigate was following them. They had lost it for now. But Nexus, an abandoned icy planet on the edge of the solar system, was sparsely populated. They would stand out. It was only a matter of time before the Mandate of Justice found them. Would they lay upon his ship with phase cannons and missiles, or would they drag him back to Metropolis to suffer a humiliating trial?
This ship, SMS Intrepid, had been designed by Saturnine himself in better days, when the money flowed, when DynnoCorp was the richest corp in all of Metropolis. The steam baths, installed on the ship, were now little used. The pool had been drained of its water. The viewing deck, once used for cruises along the rings of Urunao, now had little practical comfort. Those had been the best of days.
Who had Saturnine thought he was, running for the consulship against eight others? Why had he done this to himself? Why had he done this to his family?
He dialed up a screen, indicating the ships floating around Nexus and its moons. There were too many vessels to count, even in this isolated planet. Nexus was inhospitable, its atmosphere unbreathable without an airmask, but beneath the snow, beneath the feet upon feet of hard-packed ice, there were minerals to be mined. And settlements had popped up as Metropolis became too crowded. Some would rather live here, on Nexus, than Metropolis. 
He was vulnerable here. But his pilots were listening to transmissions, ready to warn him when the Metropolitan forces showed up.
He dialed up another screen, showing the news, broadcast from Metropolis to all the planets in the System. He could see by their speech, Saturnine remained the number one topic of conversation. He recognized the anchor, Val, spouting inanities about the “convicted consul.” 
“Auguste Saturnine, consul, convicted of counts of espionage and treason, has fled the long reach of the Elder Council, but acting consul Valeri has no doubts about their ability to recover him. Joining me now is Councilor Elias…”
Saturnine switched it off.
Consumed in fear, consumed in worry, he thought above all of Rex, twelve years old, innocent. What would the crooked justice of Metropolis do to him? What punishment would they inflict on him?

~

At dinner, they opened up the viewport. The winds of Nexus had turned to an outright storm; the snow was blowing and falling so heavily Saturnine could scarcely see.
The servants had made the best they could from the galley: plates of sea turkey drizzled in gravy, and roasted therion eggs. They no longer had wine, only water.
Rex wasn’t touching his food. He remained, as he had been lately, deep in thought. Saturnine wondered if the news was getting to him, if he realized the danger he was in. 
Katerine was eyeing him protectively. She was wearing a red gown she’d bought in Skyview Department Store in Metropolis. Though concern was written on her face, she looked as beautiful as ever.
“My Rex,” Katerine said. “You have to eat.”
Rex shook his head. “I’m sorry, Mother…”
“Rex,” Saturnine at last said. “What were the numbers you wrote on that paper? What does it mean?”
“5-0-9-0-11-0,” Rex said. “I see those numbers in my dreams. I see them when I close my eyes.”
Saturnine sighed. Rex had always been a strange boy. But he was intelligent. He was kind. “Eat your dinner, Rex, if you can,” he said. “We have to be ready for whatever comes next.”





Chapter Two

Raven drew her sweater just a bit tighter and rubbed her arms together. The starship Enigma was just a half an hour from its arrival in Pallas. The pilots had set the temperature colder than she would like. But she had no status to complain.
She had been sent on a research mission from the University of Metropolis, to study and document the herds of wild therion. She was a scientist, a biologist, a student of life forms throughout the System and the wider galaxy. This was her first time studying therion, a food source now domesticated throughout the System, on farms and in corp-owned ranches. But now, in their true habitat, Raven would document their movements across the vast plains of Pallas, as they moved in vast herds. It was Raven’s job to discover their psychology, how they moved and reacted as if they were one organism. 
She got up from her perch in the room she’d claimed as her own. She headed out into the corridor.
She sensed someone there, but she couldn’t see them. Was it a ghost? She laughed. She had studied the religions of Old Terra, the superstitions which remained to some extent even now, in this modern age. Each shadow could be a spirit; each cold draft, a vengeful apparition. 
And yet it appeared, in this corridor, un-ornamented, of metal and nail-covered walls, that Raven was alone. The pilots had put her up in the hull, all by herself, as the long journey from Metropolis to Pallas began. They’d drop her off in the spaceport in Amethysta, and she’d have to find her transportation to the wide open plains, where the therion roamed. 

She took the lift up to the viewing deck. At the speed Enigma was traveling, the lights blended together, becoming one, pulsing white. Even going this fast, the journey from Metropolis to Pallas would last two days. Pallas, much closer to Sol, received more of her heat and light; she was twice as large in the sky, and Pallas’ continents were twice as verdant. It would be delightful to enter Pallas’ green fields after living her life in Metropolis’ smog and squalor.
One of the mechanics was standing there, amid the chairs and tables. In the corner was a vending machine.
“Excuse me, sir,” Raven said.
The mechanic turned to her. He was scrawny and brown haired. He had the look of a Palladian.
“You know this ship… I was staying in the hull. Do you know of anyone down there with me?”
“Not as far as I know, madame,” the mechanic answered.
The answer chilled her. She wondered. She knew it could be her imagination. But she thought she saw something. She thought she sensed someone. It was a stretch, for sure.
But she was disturbed. She would not return to the hull, or to her private quarters. She’d spent too much time there already. She was here for the therion. Soon enough, she’d be in Pallas proper. She would forget her lingering fears and worries. She would commit herself to the studies on behalf of the University. She would fear no longer.
The ship began to quake.
Raven fell over, staggering to her knees. The ship lurched out of hyperspace; the windows showed a mantle of stars—they were in the middle of space. Something had jolted them out of their travels.
The mechanic had steadied himself on a table. His face had turned white. 
“What was that?” he mumbled to himself.
A look of panic soon overtook him. He scrambled away, toward the lift.
He pressed the buttons in vain; the power was lost.
Panic was welling inside Raven, seizing her gut. They were in the middle of space, easy prey for Wasters or any manner of dangers. 
The mechanic hurried away, through a door and down a series of stairs. That was the only way he’d reach the cockpit.
Fear was pulsing through her; she was all alone on the viewing deck. Could that shadow, that fleeting presence, be here? She was all alone, in a ship set adrift in the middle of space.
 She turned and hurried down the stairs, clattering downwards into the dark. The lights were winking in and out of existence.
It struck Raven that now—after she’d embarked on this hopeful trip to study the therion—that she could die here, in the most ignominious of circumstances.  Wasters traveled in ships along the rim of the System; but sometimes those mad marauders ventured closer to civilization. 
She was hurrying down the rickety staircase when the lights flipped on again and the roar of the ship’s engine took her by surprise. She almost fell. The ship was speeding away; it had changed direction.
All was well. They would enter hyperspace soon. She grabbed the railing to steady herself. She took a moment to breathe. “All is well,” she repeated. “All is well.”
She wanted off this ship.
As the roar of the hyperspace engines shook the starship Enigma, Raven’s grip on the railing became slick. Her palms were sweaty. She heard screaming in the cockpit below.
All was not well, it seemed.
She hurried down the stairs, descending quickly down several levels, faster than she’d thought.
When she reached the cockpit, having sprinted down several hallways, the pilot was shouting, furiously working the controls.
The mechanic was approaching Raven, perhaps intending to hurry by her, but she laid her hands on his shoulders. “What is going on?” she snapped. 
“We’ve lost control of the ship.”
They had entered hyperspace. 
The engineer seemed shaken.
How was it possible? How could it be?
A thousand scenarios were pouring through Raven’s head. They could slam into an asteroid. They could slam straight through Sol and have her fire and energy disintegrate them wholesale. They could collapse on the edge of the System, where Wasters patrolled in their junks, searching for easy prey.
Panic would do no good. The pilot was trying as best as she could. Surely, the mechanics were trying to fix the problem, even as they lurched into hyperspace in a direction they did not want to go.
The pilot was cursing up a storm.
For a moment, Raven thought about her life, now that it was surely at an end. She had been born poor in Metropolis. She had worked her way through the rungs of the corps. She had studied at the University of Pallas. She had earned all the success she’d received. Now, sent on the biggest mission of her career, after all those hopes of promotion and reward, it was at an end. Her death was hours away, at best, unless they ran roughshod through a ship or passing meteor.
Her mind returned to that presence she’d felt down below, in the hull. She was a scientist. She knew there was no innate “sense” a stranger gave off. But she had been sure she was not alone. Could it be true? Could the strange feeling she’d had, the goose-bumps which had formed on her skin, have something to do with this disaster that had befallen them?
The starship Enigma had been overtaken, its controls seized outright… had some dark syndicate, some shadowy organization, sent an agent for that purpose alone? Had Raven, like a medium of ancient times, sensed his presence while he committed his evil deed?
It was beyond comprehension. Raven was shaking. She wanted to throw up.
Shouting at the pilot would do no good. She hurried back up the stairs. She collapsed halfway up them, eyes watering with tears. The ship was shaking. The ground was quaking beneath her. She could do nothing but wait. She could do nothing but observe her own death.





Chapter Three

For years, Cruz Petroize had stayed on-planet, here, in Meretrix, the third moon of Urunao. Its flashing lights and omnipresent smog had become his home. Life in Pallas was a distant memory; his upbringing amid the green valleys and the snowy mountains and the therion herds had vanished. He had spent his childhood amid that green earth, taking care of those immense creatures, and selling their valuable eggs to restaurateurs across the System and beyond. Now he made his living in the most illicit of ways, robbing, extorting, and running drugs from the casinos and shipping yards of Meretrix to the wastelands of Nexus.
With a whir, a levtrain took off, shooting out of the station like a charge from a phase gun. They could complete their journey across the moon in less than a day.
Cruz coughed. He had an appointment of sorts here, in front of Valere Station. Standing still, the omnipresent smog was getting to him. The air was worse than in Metropolis, if that could be imagined. And yet people still came here, to gamble, to make money, to engage in illicit entertainments. Cruz guessed he could endure it for two more years. But he might not make it until the end of the month.
His superiors at the Syndicate told him to wait for a blonde woman, dressed in gray. He had been here fifteen minutes. If she was coming, she was late.
A screen was just ahead, playing news from Metropolis and the other worlds. There were screens on every street corner, but Cruz could only barely see through the orange smog. The news, as always, was obsessed with Consul Saturnine. He had been charged with treason, and now, it was said, escaped.
Cruz knew what his real crime was. He had promised to distribute money to the poor, against the will of the corps. He had promised to raise taxes on the corps. But the corps ran Metropolis; they pulled every string. Every member of the Elder Council was a puppet.
Councilor Gaius Marius’ speech was playing, and on the ticker was a summary of his speech: “Gaius Marius demands Saturnine’s execution.”
Cruz looked away. People were filtering into the levtrain station, passing him by. The streets were swarming with people. 
Perhaps, they had all grown up here. Perhaps, they did not know what fresh air tasted like, or how this smog rotted one’s lungs and mind.
When a woman tapped his shoulder, Cruz jerked back, almost screamed.
The woman had a robotic hand. Her hair was a light shade of blonde, her eyes emerald.
Cruz had friends whose arms were missing. One lost his through disease; the other when a Waster hacked off his limbs with a pulse saw.
The woman didn’t look like a starfarer. She was dressed in a gray coat, buttoned up to her neck. The smog and the crowded streets didn’t seem to daunt her.
This was who the Syndicate had arranged for him to meet. This woman, presumably interested in Cruz’s services. Did she need an extortion attempt? An assassination? Perhaps a good, old-fashioned robbery?
“Salutations,” Cruz said.
He couldn’t remember the name the Syndicate gave him. He had no idea what to call her. Perhaps, she’d never bring it up.
“I’m Amalia,” she said. “I was told you could do something for me…”

~

In a caratch station a block away, two steaming cups were prepared for Cruz and Amalia. Amalia’s was ladled with therion milk. Cruz had his brown.
She was pretty. Her mechanical arm stood out strikingly compared to her healthy complexion, her bright, even cheery attitude. 
Some surgeons could make arms which—though made of synthetic material—didn’t draw notice. None could make it perfect. Amalia’s was obvious, composed of metal. And it didn’t bother her to bear the monstrosity to strangers. Cruz liked that about her.  She was a bold woman.
“Tell me, Amalia.” Cruz had no illusions that it was her true name. “What is this about?”
“You may have seen me on the telnet.”
Cruz didn’t know what to say. She had never appeared on a screen when Cruz was idly looking at them. The telnet screens, broadcasting news from across the System, were on every street corner, publicly available to denizens of the Gamblers’ Moon.
Should he let her down gently? “I haven’t seen you,” Cruz said.
Amalia smiled.  With her metal hand she grabbed her caratch and took a sip. She puckered; perhaps it was too hot. Perhaps, the therion milk was sour. Cruz knew from experience, growing up working on the vast corp-owned therion farms, that the milk soured quickly. Once the younglings hatched from the eggs, they were often separated from their mother, and even they balked at milk that had sat out a few hours.
Amalia set the caratch down.
“Well,” Cruz said. “You wanted me for a purpose, right? You’re Syndicate, no?”
Amalia reached into the pockets of her coat. She produced a series of pictures.
Cruz recognized them instantly. One was Auguste Saturnine, the disgraced consul now wanted for treason and a dozen other offenses. Another displayed members of the Elder Council, huddled in a room, clearly unaware they were being photographed. One prominent figure was Councilor Gaius Marius, gray haired, blue eyed, distinct among the others.
The other pictures were photos of a ship, one which had surely been a pleasure barge, sheathed in ice amid swirling snows. The last was of a space station orbiting Metropolis. 
“You know these people, don’t you?” Amalia said.
“Of course,” Cruz answered. “Who doesn’t?”
“I was close to Consul Saturnine,” Amalia said. Her voice had grown hushed. She clearly didn’t want anyone to hear her. “I was horrified by what happened. And Councilor Gaius Marius is behind all this… the charges of treason, the allegations of espionage, everything. I was Saturnine’s aide. I was his closest companion in his short time in office, except perhaps Katerine. No one was as close as her.”
Cruz didn’t know what to tell this woman. He could not overcome the entire Dominion. He could not overcome the Mandate of Justice by himself. Yet the Syndicate had sent her his way. Had they lost their minds?
“Nexus is close to a Waygate.” Amalia’s voice had grown so hushed Cruz could barely hear it. She knew there were cameras in every caratch station, on every street corner, that the agents of the Dominion were everywhere, on this moon and everywhere else in the System. 
If she had been an aide to a Consul, perhaps she feared she was being watched and followed. It made sense.
“The Waygate is controlled from Metropolis.”
They all were. The Waygates allowed ships to travel far beyond the System, to worlds yet unexplored. Auguste Saturnine was desperate if he thought he could take shelter in the hinterlands of the galaxy, where there were no stations for fuel, no planets terraformed for human use, and only certain death awaiting him.
“This station.” Amalia cleared her throat.
Cruz had been lost in thought; he looked up at her once more and smiled. Poor thing. This was the craziest idea Cruz had ever heard.
“This station controls the Waygate.” She pointed to the picture of the station, floating just above Metropolis’ atmosphere.  “Tiberius Station. You can overpower the controls of the Waygate… allow Auguste Saturnine to use it. And I can get you in. If you are willing…”
Cruz’s life with the Syndicate had been relatively uneventful. He’d had some shootouts, but mostly his activities had been under the nose of the Dominion and the Mandate of Justice. This verged on suicide. He’d put failure at a 90 percent chance, imminent arrest at best and death the most likely outcome.
“I still have my position in the Dominion,” Amalia said. “I can provide you the passcode. I can get you everything you need.”
Cruz smiled. “Sorry, Amalia. That is a suicide mission.”
“I haven’t made my offer yet,” Amalia said. She still seemed supremely confident Cruz would go along. “Ten million credits.”
“Ten million credits isn’t enough,” Cruz said. “I can’t buy a pleasure barge when I’m dead.”
Amalia looked wounded. She got up, forgetting her caratch. She stormed out of the caratch shop, leaving Cruz to pay the bill.





Chapter Four

When Auguste Saturnine received Amalia’s message, he was not surprised. Events had seemed to conspire against him and his family. It seemed Fate, if she was real, had determined Saturnine was deserving of a public execution and disgrace. 
He could not afford to stay here.
As he watched the snow blow by, a hint of blue escaped the clouds and Sol’s dim light. He could not remain in Nexus forever. The Mandate of Justice had likely already found his hiding place.
He had to leave for somewhere, but he was running out of places. Amalia’s plan was his last hope. If he could not reach the Waygate, if he could not leave the System, it was only a matter of time before the Mandate of Justice found him.
The Intrepid was now encased in several inches of ice. It wouldn’t hide from sensors, though. They were in a precarious position. He left his chamber.  He passed through corridors, through the viewing deck where he’d once held parties in front of the rings of Urunao. He’d had a life of opulence and comfort; he’d thrown it away. He’d challenged the power of the Dominion. He’d made promises he couldn’t keep. 
The ship had turned cold. The heat could scarcely keep up with the subzero temperatures outside. The food was running out. 
Rex was sitting on a table in the viewing deck.
On the sight of him, Auguste’s worries came to the fore. Had he betrayed Rex in his quest for the consulship? Would the Dominion show mercy on him, even if it didn’t for his father?
He took a seat besides Rex. He was furiously drawing in the old style, with a charcoal pen.
Though twelve, he had already expressed great ambitions. He wanted to be a consul. He wanted to take on the Elder Council and challenge them, just like his Father did. He wanted to be his father, but he wanted to be much more. Rex had dreams bigger than he ought. And now he was in danger.
It was for Rex that Auguste fretted every night. It was for Rex’s sake that he labored so hard to find an escape. He had seen the cruelty of the Elder Council; they had no mercy on Auguste. They would have no mercy on any Saturnine, not him, not Katerine. 
Saturnine’s eyes began to water. He would do anything to send Rex to safety. 
With his charcoal pen, Rex had drawn a picture of a planet that looked like Nexus. Along the edges of the border, he had written the numbers 5-0-9-0-11-0. 
Rex claimed he had seen it in a dream. Perhaps, it was a sign of his worry.
I have to keep him safe. 
“Rex,” Saturnine said.
He wouldn’t look up. He kept drawing, he kept scribbling.
“Rex,” Saturnine said, once more.
He touched Rex’s hand and at last he looked up, squinting, then pulled away.
“Are you all right?” Saturnine continued.
Rex refused to make eye contact.
Saturnine could tell he was worried. 
Was it all his fault? In a way, it was. He had made promises the corps didn’t want. He had made promises he couldn’t keep. And now he was forced to live with the consequences of his hopes, his ambitions.
Back in Metropolis, Saturnine and Katerine had both grown concerned with Rex. They had noted his withdrawn nature, even before the thought of becoming consul ever broached Saturnine’s mind. Rex had always been a little odd. He had never fit in at the Valerian Academy, where he had gone to school. They had hired private tutors. They had spoken with his teachers and docents. They had taken him to doctors. But nothing seemed to answer the question of what plagued Saturnine’s little boy. Now, on the run, fleeing from the Dominion and its Mandate of Justice, he seemed even more withdrawn. His mother, whom he was closer to, said little Rex had put a wall up between her, too.
“Rex,” he said again.
In frustration, Rex threw the charcoal pen to the table. “What?” he snapped.
Saturnine took the paper, scrawled with the numbers and the picture of the planet. “Your mother said you dreamed this,” he said. “When did you start having these dreams?”
“Genesis Day.”
Months ago, in the height of a Metropolitan summer, the celebration marked the impact event, when humans fled Old Terra and came to this new solar system. The Genesis Ark had made impact on Metropolis, and human life had been saved for a generation. That had been ten thousand years ago, in ancient days.
“Genesis Day,” Saturnine repeated. “When your father was consul…”
 “No…” Rex looked up at him. “The dreams… they started three years ago.”
Saturnine looked at him in surprise.
Back then, running for consul had been only an inkling in his mind. It was a thought in its infancy, one which had yet to blossom into real ambition. Three years ago seemed a life-age. He had been living the life most Metropolitans could only dream of: parties on the rings of Urunao, a rich and sumptuous manse which touched the sky. It was his fault that Rex was in danger. It was his ambition to help the poor in Metropolis, whom he’d seen living in squalor when he passed them by on his hovercar. 
“Ah, Rex.” He touched Rex’s hand but he drew it away.
A voice came through on the intercom: “Saturnine to the cockpit, please.” There was a hint of panic to the pilot’s voice.
Saturnine rushed to the cockpit, knowing full well what he was about to hear.

~

In the cockpit, there were numerous screens which Saturnine had no idea how to read or understand. 
“A number of ships just exited hyperspace,” the pilot began to say. “I don’t know… the formation… it looks like Mandate of Justice.”
Saturnine mumbled some curse. But he wasn’t convinced. They were as hidden as they could be. They were obscured from human eyes and most methods of detection. And Saturnine had friends in the Elder Council, friends in the Mandate of Justice. His spies were everywhere. They would tell him if he were discovered. Amalia, his dear aide, his little helper in his three months in office, would know.
But the pilot’s worry sent a chill up his spine.
“We can’t act rashly,” Saturnine said. “We are well hidden right now.”
Amalia still worked in the Capitoline. She knew the workings of the government. She worked closely with the Elder Council. She was privy to its inner workings. The last time he’d spoken with her, she’d assured him the Council remained in ignorance; that they believed he was headed for Pallas.
As soon as he left the cockpit doors, he began fidgeting. He thought of Rex, blasted to death by a phase pistol… the ship boarded by Dragoons… and panic consumed him. He thought of sweet Katerine. He braced himself against the wall. He could not act rashly… or could he?
He pressed the button and the door swept open.
“Let’s leave,” Saturnine said. “Let’s get out of here. We can’t risk it…”
The pilot nodded his assent. The ship, now layered in a thin sheet of ice, would leave Nexus once and for all. Beyond Nexus, in the outer rims of the System, the patrols of the Mandate of Justice were limited. But other dangers remained, dangers Saturnine knew too well.





Chapter Five 

Cruz watched as Amalia’s ship departed the spaceport. 
The Syndicate wouldn’t be happy he had refused her request, but when it came to his life and safety, the Syndicate knew where they could stick their request.  He didn’t need them. They needed him. He’d be happy to leave the smog and squalor of Meretrix, its sky so polluted Cruz could barely see the sun. He could work odd jobs like he’d had in the past. He could work on the line, assembling spacecraft. He didn’t need the Syndicate. He didn’t need anyone.
Cruz keeled over into a coughing fit. He coughed until his eyes watered, until his throat burned.
Ten years. Ten years he had lived here, on the Gamblers’ Moon, on Meretrix. He had wasted a decade. He had made in excess of a million credits and yet, his bank account was almost empty. He had spent it all, on gambling, on women, on hovercars that broke down. As Cruz approached his fortieth birthday, he wondered if he’d wasted the first half, or likely less than half, of his life. Multiple warrants remained outstanding from the Mandate of Justice, yet he had evaded them at each turn. His mother, rest her soul, had wanted him to be a good boy, to remain on Pallas milking therions. That life had never been for him. He would never be a goody two shoes. He wanted to see the System and all its worth. He had never settled down. He would never settle down. 
And yet, as he rose up from his coughing spell, he wondered if his health was declining. Meretrix was not much better than Metropolis. The air was so polluted you could almost feel it brushing against your skin.
Ten years. Ten years. He had been just a babe then. His years immediately after Pallas had been spent in Metropolis; but life on Metropolis had aged him even quicker. There, the pace was constant, the speed of things inexorable. The hours raced by. The lights of the city were blinding in their intensity. No one slept. No one rested. Just the thought of Metropolis caused the familiar stress to creep up on Cruz.
What was he doing here?

~

His apartment was at the top of one of Meretrix’s most prominent casinos, The Blue Falcon. The lift took thirty seconds to reach its destination; Cruz had complained on multiple occasions but management didn’t think fixing the pressure gage was a priority. After all, Cruz was not one of those gamblers who wasted their days in front of the slots. He did not make them money. He was not a valued customer. If the lift broke altogether, he’d have to take the stairs, up forty-five floors. 
A minca scurried away as he flipped on the lights of his room. He cursed. He had hired an exterminator two weeks ago, but the problem remained.
Newspapers scattered on the floor. A minca had overturned the rubbish bin, and all the refuse of the prior week lay sprawled out.
The lights winked in and out. Cruz was often on the road. He had neglected his home for too long. But this was his lot. He had no one to impress, no one to fear. This dirty minca’s nest was Cruz’s home.
He spent the next hour cleaning the kitchen, throwing the garbage back into the rubbish bin where it belonged. He found minca droppings in the sink, where bits of a late-night snack remained.
How had it come to this?
He prepared himself dinner, a pre-packaged course of therion soup. His commlink had begun to buzz and buzz. The Syndicate, in their outrage, was no doubt intending to speak to him.
Cruz had no intention of listening to their complaints.
He sat down, flipped on the telnet, which—Sol curse it—was tuned in to a news hour. He could not escape the talk of Saturnine, the consul who had become the Dominion’s premier enemy.
Councilor Gaius Marius was speaking, the same man Amalia had mentioned.
“You know,” Gaius Marius said, “Saturnine hosted parties on the SMS Intrepid. Orgies, in fact.”
Cruz did not think a man’s peccadilloes were a crime. But the Elder Council was trying to turn the people against the popular consul. Anything, to that end, was worth it in the eyes of the Dominion.
The anchor asked Gaius Marius whether they knew where the Consul could be found. “In this era, how can anyone escape justice?”
Gaius Marius’ silvery-grey eyes looked into the camera. “I will say only this: Saturnine, we are closing in, and soon we will find you. Our reach spans the System, and the galaxy itself…”
What was this twinkling in Cruz’s chest? A whiff of anger? A whiff of sympathy for Saturnine? Was there hope for Cruz? A hint of altruism? He had his doubts
He flipped off the telnet.
The commlink was buzzing off the hook. He couldn’t sleep in his usual perch, the recliner, with that noise in the background. He would have to brace for the rude words of the Syndicate. He could tell them to go launch themselves into Sol. 
He jerked out of the recliner and stormed over to the commlink.
He answered it, expecting to get an earful.
But a voice he did not recognize was on the other end.
“Mr. Petroze.” It was an older man, and no one called him Mr. Petroze. Almost no one in his life knew his last name. 
He became stiff. His breathing became labored. He had a bad feeling about this caller.
“You were in the company of a certain Ms. Amalia Lagoda,” the caller said. “The Mandate of Justice needs to speak with you as soon as possible.”
Cruz didn’t know what to say. In a panic, he tried to think. How could he get out of this? How could he slither away, like he’d managed to every time before? What could he say? What lie could he tell? Would they know? “Ehrm,” Cruz began, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Would you speak to us tomorrow?” the caller continued. “We will have a few Dragoons at your door in the morning. We’ll take you to a secure space for your interview.”
Cruz hung up the phone. He was shaking. He had been embroiled in the political crisis sweeping the System, and through no fault of his own. It was the Syndicate’s fault. He had never intended to get himself into this mess.
As he steadied himself against the counter, he began to calm down. He had committed no crime. He could admit, freely, that Amalia was an agent of Saturnine. He could tell them everything he knew. He could wriggle out of this situation, as he’d wriggled out of every other situation before. He had refused her offer, after all. 
He did not want to harm Amalia, but he had to save his own hide. He would meet the Mandate’s agents; he would tell them the truth.
His forearms had turned slick. For the first time in his life, he wondered if his crimes would catch up to him.
Meeting with Amalia was no crime, however.
But with their prying questions, could they break him down? Would he confess under pressure to being a member of the Syndicate? How much did they know?
He did not want to spend the rest of his life on Carceri. He couldn’t handle prison. He couldn’t do it.
He had a small window of time to decide. It was late at night. The Mandate’s agents would be here at sunbreak. 
His fingers began dialing Amalia’s coordinates. He did not know why. But he had to tell her.
Amalia’s voice answered, a bit groggy. “Hello?” 
It was night where Amalia presumably lived, in the Capitoline.
“How was your trip?” Cruz stammered.
Amalia paused a moment. “Cruz? Is this you?”
“Ehrm, yes…”
“Please do not call me. You are putting me in danger…”
“Amalia. The Mandate called me… they know everything.”
The commlink line went dead. Cruz had done what he could. 
He would take the next ship off-world. He would say goodbye to Meretrix, the Gamblers’ Moon, once and for all.





Chapter Six

The SMS Juggernaut ripped violently out of hyperspace.
The planet they were crashing towards took up the breadth of the viewscreen. Raven went hurtling to the floor, losing her grip on the railing. Within seconds they were entering the atmosphere, with no idea why they had come here or where they were headed.
They had been in hyperspace for hours as the pilot frantically tried to discover what was wrong.
Now, Raven didn’t have a spare second to say her final goodbyes. They were going to crash.
Raven staggered up and grabbed the railing, holding on as tight as she could as the ship entered the atmosphere and plunged toward the planet surface. She saw verdant green, pocked with inland oceans and lakes. They were headed to Klyss. Would the thought of its treetowers and rich waters be her last?
In a moment’s span the ship lost speed; they were hitting the treetops, half-descending-half tumbling toward the forest floor.
Raven went hurtling backward. She hit her head on the wall and sank into unconsciousness.

~

When she came to, the ship was completely still. She could smell smoke. Outside she heard the sounds of birds. They had crashed, and were wedged between treetowers. It was a precarious situation to be in, by any standard. 
At an angle, she climbed up the viewing deck and entered the hall, which had become a ramp. She heard shouting down below, in the cockpit, and the sound of chatter.

~

The pilot was cursing.
“What happened?”
An engineer stood there. “I couldn’t find any sign of tampering… I don’t know.”
“Gentlemen.” They both looked up at Raven when she spoke. “We are in serious danger. We need to get out of here as soon as possible.”
“Everything is broken,” the pilot said. “Even the escape hatch. We are a thousand feet in the air… we would have to climb down…”
“Then we will have to climb down,” Raven said.
But how, she wondered.
“I found some climbing equipment in the hull…” The engineer’s voice was quiet.
“Who brought it?” the pilot continued.
“I don’t know…”

~

The crew of the SS Juggernaut numbered thirty.
The name belied its small size. It was a cruiser, intended for interplanetary transport. 
There were ten mechanics, three pilots, a cook, a janitor, and others whom Raven did not recognize.
The climbing equipment found in the hull was as good as any would be able to find in Metropolis or elsewhere, though no one among the thirty said they’d brought it.
At the thought of the mystery, Raven remembered the strange sense she’d felt, that she had not been alone in her quarters on the hull.
They did not know where they were; all electronics were broken.
Raven knew the treetower forests of Klyss were dangerous but the ship was in an unsteady position. If they stayed here, they would die.


And so, one by one, armed with hooks and airpacks, they began to make their way down.
The air was sweltering, and Sol was casting its reddish light onto the treetops. It was late in the day.
Just seconds after Raven nervously began her descent, her hands had become clammy, her suit drenched. It was hotter than a summer day in Metropolis. It was hotter than the Sandy Desert in Pallas. The heat was like a blanket. She could scarcely breathe, but she made her way down nonetheless.
They had brought with them all the food they could muster. Water would not be a problem, not on Klyss.
When they reached the root level, it was dark indeed, as dark as night. 
The roots were splayed across the moist, swampy ground like snakes, each tendril the size of a phase cannon. 
The heat was still stifling, but now, out of the direct view of Sol, it had relented somewhat. Raven was still uncomfortable beyond her own imaginings, and now, after the panic of the moment had subsided, she began to worry about how they would get out of this mess, how they would link out for help, how they would find civilization.
Civilization was scarce here.
She only knew that when the first settlers came to Metropolis, crash-landing in their ark, they had developed capacity for space travel; they had gone to Klyss and found it teeming with life, even without the terraforming process. What’s more, there was once a civilization here, one that had died long ago. Each member of that ancient race was gone, and long buried, their bones examined in the universities of Metropolis. But the treetower forests of Klyss were difficult to navigate. Very little was known. Very little was understood about Klyss and the species who ruled it.
As she left the nest of roots and climbed down onto the ground, her shoes sank partway in. Ahead, in the dim light, she could make out a bubbling stream. Beyond her lay the immense trunks of the treetowers, and not far away, pitch darkness.
Raven had no doubts she was the first human to tread this ground, even if she was not the first species, the first sentient thing. She, and the crew of the SMS Juggernaut, were in uncharted territory.
As she set aside her climbing gear, she thought again of how it was left there, in the hull. The SMS Juggernaut was not a passenger ship, but it frequently vaunted from planet to planet. It was possible there was another passenger, like her, before.
In the panicked moments in hyperspace, her paranoia had wound out of control. Had the invisible visitor she’d “sensed” commandeered the ship, somehow? Now, her heart rate had calmed. The rhythms of her body had returned to normal. She again had regained control of her senses. All would be well, if they commlinked out to the nearest inhabited space.  Then, they would wait until help arrived.
But night was settling in. Soon, pitch blackness would rule over all.
A rain began, at first a pattering, and then a downpour.
One of the crew screamed some curse.
As the pilot finally made his way to the ground, worry was stirring in Raven’s stomach. Neither she, nor anyone here, knew Klyss well.
Her work as a biologist had been focused squarely on the therion herds, their movements and their social behaviors in the wild. She knew comparatively little about Klyss, just what she’d gleaned in textbooks and articles. If there were therion herds here, she would know how to calm them, how to find their eggs, and how to survive. But there were no therions in Klyss. Klyss was an arboreal world, an immense forest dotted with lakes and inland seas. She was hopeless to survive here.
The crew of the doomed SMS Juggernaut gathered in a space between the treetower roots.
Raven caught many worried faces as the pilot grabbed his commlink and tried to find help. He began to speak, his voice breaking up as he tried: “Hello… hello… is anyone there?”
Static returned.
Raven’s gut dropped. Were they truly alone? 
The Dominion had posts here. There were settlements, in fact. Cities. Were they too far from help?
A voice pierced the static. The words were unintelligible. It sounded distant, like he was speaking from far away. 
“Hello?” the pilot said again. “Can you hear me?”
“Yes.” The word was intelligible, though it sounded gargled, like his mouth was full of water.
It petered out. 
Out in the distance, there was a loud splash. The pilot jerked up to look. 
Raven tried to peer through the trees, but it was too dark to see anything. She could barely see the ground in front of her. Sol had long set; the light from Klyss’s moons was obscured by the clouds and the pouring rain.
The pilot fingered his commlink again. “Hello? Hello?”
Static answered. There was no voice on the other end, only garbled noise. 
We are alone. Raven rubbed her arms together. The sweltering heat had evaporated into cold. We are alone. No one is here to save us. 
No one was here, except that voice on the other end of the comm link. No one could help them except him.





Chapter Seven


Cruz had put his things in a pack. It was the middle of the night, and the darkness was deep, and total. Here, on the Gamblers’ Moon, hovercars still buzzed by, and the faint lights of advertisements could be seen below. Institutions of gambling and vice had no closing time, and were open every day, every hour, in perpetuity. Not even Genesis Day was respected. Some visitors took drugs to enhance their stay, to keep their exhaustion at bay. Some went on benders of gambling which lasted for days, before their body gave out and they slipped into fatigue.
Cruz could use a shot of Dust right now. He was scrambling to make plans to leave. He would change his identity. He would try his best to hide away. But eventually the long reach of the Mandate of Justice would catch up to him. He could not run away forever.
The buzzer on his door rang. Cruz hid away his pack, outside the view of the door. Once again, he’d broken out into a cold sweat. But Cruz was a master. He took a deep breath, put on his suavest face, and opened the door, anticipating the mechanic or the apartment manager.
But someone altogether different stood there.
The man was dressed in black, with a hood wrapped over his head. 
“I apologize. It’s early. Hours before Solrise…” 
Two Dragoons in armor stood there, phase rifles in hand.
Yet Cruz, ever the master, put on a brave face. “Can I help you gentlemen?”
“We are sorry to bother you, but it seems you’re up late… or early? Would you accompany us to Tito Station?” The man’s eyes were icy blue.
“Of course,” Cruz answered. He had no choice. He would march with them. He would evade the gallows as best he could.

~

Though the streets were quieter, on the ground level there were still revelers outside, this late in the night, some clearly hyped up on Dust, others guzzling alcohol. Prostitutes emerged like night creatures as soon as Sol went down. They harangued Cruz as he entered the hovercar. It sped away, up into the air, and into the night.

~

At Tito Station, a tower higher than even The Blue Falcon, the hovercar landed on its pad. 
Cruz, the master, had calmed himself down. He appeared stoic, level-headed. He would get out of this mess.
The man who’d questioned him was old, with silvery hair. He had the look of a Dominion official in those black hooded robes. 
By the time he entered the glaring light of a spare room, and sat down on an uncomfortable chair, Cruz Petroze was breathing normally, all worries gone, with a smile on his face. 
Perhaps the smile was too much.
The official took a seat just beyond him, out of the reach of the blinding lamp. The Dragoons were gone; it was just him and Cruz.
He had hoped to be out of danger by now, in a ship hurtling off-world to some forgotten moon. But things had ended up how they ended up. He would survive. He would wriggle his way out of this mess like all messes before.
“I am here to help you, Cruz, not hurt.”
Great. He would be treated like a child.
“My name is Quirinius. I am an investigator of the Mandate of Justice and chief counsel to Councilor Gaius Marius.”
His eyes, ice blue, sent a chill through Cruz’s body. But losing one’s cool was inadvisable.
“Everything you tell me is being recorded,” Quirinius said. “Lying is an offense which will land you a long term in Carceri…”
If he’d left earlier, perhaps he could have escaped. But they were monitoring his movements. Perhaps they had a spy in Cruz’s window.
“You spoke with Amalia, once an associate of the disgraced consul Saturnine…”
Cruz’s forearms had become slick with sweat. His nervousness was showing. Never a good idea.
“She is under investigation by the Mandate of Justice…”
Would he betray her? Could he betray her? Of course he could.
“She does not know it yet, but we have picked up communications with her with Saturnine. Saturnine has hidden himself on Nexus and we have a fleet of cruisers headed his way…”
All because of the Syndicate. All because he agreed to meet a woman he’d never met. Perhaps he should have stayed in Pallas and milked therion for the rest of his life.
There was a phase pistol hooked to Quirinius’ belt. Cruz eyed it. He thought. He wondered. Was that his last hope?
No. He could betray Amalia, that poor woman. He could send her to Carceri, or worse…
“We were alarmed when she went off-world, and to the Gamblers’ Moon.”
“I know nothing,” Cruz said. “I know nothing…”
“You spoke with her in a caratch shop.” Quirinius smiled.
“I know nothing… I know nothing…”
“When we came to your door,” Quirinius continued, “you were packing your things… Is there something you aren’t telling us?”
Had there been cameras in his apartment? Had he been spied on all this time, with no one telling him? Had the Dominion spent weeks as a voyeur… watching him in private? There were things he didn’t want seen… packing his things were just one among many.
“I know nothing!” Cruz shouted. “I am a citizen! I have rights…”
“A long stay in Carceri may change your mind…” He made a signal and let the Dragoons in. Cruz had one chance.
He decided in one reckless moment.
He charged Quirinius, tackling him to the ground. He grabbed the phase pistol from its holster and blasted down, vaporizing him into a shriveled black char. Before the Dragoons could fire their rifles, Cruz charged past them and shut the door. 
He bolted through the hallways as office workers screamed. Within moments he had burst out onto the platform where the hovercar lay idle. He ran to the edge, one false step from certain doom. 
He had just moments to think, to decide what to do. The Dragoons were at his door.
He had done all this for a woman he barely knew. What had come over him? What illness had consumed him? Why did he care about Amalia? He had not cared much about anyone, before.
The doors popped open and the Dragoons came charging out.
They fired the phase rifles. One strike and Cruz would be vaporized. He slipped backwards and fell backwards, off the ledge, toward the streets many fathoms below. 
But a wind caught him up. He began to descend slowly, beyond reason, beyond imagining. He landed on his feet, in the streets of the city, shaken by wonder and fear.





Chapter Eight

Something is happening.
As the SMS Intrepid launched into hyperspace, Saturnine recalled the wonders of his election to Consul.
Something is happening, he had thought in those all-too-brief better days, as the people of Metropolis were drawn to him, enthusiastic despite the vicious opposition of the corps. 
As he sat on the viewing deck, he recalled that in those glowing days, his now-nemesis, Councilor Gaius Marius, had been his greatest ally in the quest for the consulship.
Now, they had left Nexus. They would venture far out into the hinterlands of the System, where Wasters roamed in their junkers. But how could they fear Wasters when a much more vicious enemy pursued them? The Mandate of Justice was far crueler and far more vicious than the Wasters… the Wasters, who marauded and plundered, who boarded ships and massacred whole crews for nothing more than spare parts. Councilor Gaius Marius had a heart darker than any Waster warlord.
He had taken Saturnine under his wing; he had caused Saturnine to believe he was his friend. It was he who stood up for Saturnine in the Elder Council, when the councilors and the corps balked at his promises. Then, in an instant, he’d betrayed Saturnine. He had become his foremost enemy. He had thirsted for vengeance. He was one of them: one of the Elder Council. He had put on a mask. He had lied to Saturnine; he had led him along, all the while plotting. The depths of Gaius Marius’ hate was unfathomable. 
Saturnine’s commlink began to buzz.
It was a hidden number. 
Still, he answered. He did not know what else to do.
The voice on the other line was Amalia’s. 
“My master.”
She had called him that affectionately, as a joke. But her voice was quivering. There was no humor in it. There was concern, verging on panic.
“I think they have found out… I think…”
“Then get out of Metropolis,” Saturnine snapped. “Get out as fast as you can…”
“No,” Amalia said. “I’ve violated no law. No statute. And I will not abandon you, Saturnine, not until the last breath is drawn from me.”
Why did he inspire such feeling in her, in so many people? He was eighty-one years old. He had grown up in Metropolis, a place where one was lucky to be a septuagenarian. Yet Amalia, young, full of life, with so many golden years ahead of her… she was willing to throw it all away.
“I will make sure the Waygate is open for you, even if I have to do it myself…”
“Amalia,” Saturnine said, this time with some sternness. “You have to go… Leave Metropolis. Do not worry about me. Worry about yourself…”
The commlink ended. Sometimes, in hyperspace, the technology lost its effect. And Saturnine was hurtling away, toward the rim of the System, toward certain danger… but that was better than certain doom.

~

When the ship halted its jaunt, the darkness was deep, with only the stars providing light. Sol was only a distant glimmer. They were in danger of Wasters, whom the Mandate of Justice feared enough to never venture out here. But for a prize like Saturnine, consul, traitor, failure, they would search the System and beyond.
Saturnine did not fully understand why they pursued him so vigorously. He did not understand why, besides ruining his political hopes, they now sought to capture him and bring him to justice. So much was a mystery. So much was a blur in these dark years, these times of trial…
In the many silent hours he’d had, wrapped in solitude, he had racked his brain for answers. The viciousness with which he was being pursued had to have a reason behind it… But there was reason behind everything. They could have allowed him to retire on his own, in peace and quiet. They wanted him, and his family dead.
The commlink lit up again. He answered without looking.
As he expected, Amalia was on the other line. 
“My master…”
The joke had become a serious title. “Amalia…” He did not know what to say.
“They know you are in Nexus…”
“I am in Nexus no longer,” Saturnine replied. 
“I will go to Tiberius Station myself… I will open the Waygate…”
“Flee from Metropolis, Amalia… Do not worry about me.”
He clicked off the commlink. Amalia’s inexplicable devotion would get her killed. But he had done all he could to talk sense into her.
Amalia. He had known her only a little while. Would she too fall? Would she too be a remnant of a life that could have been? She could not be talked to. All reason had left her.
Saturnine’s eyes began to water.
Ahead, the lift doors opened. Rex emerged, with pen and notebook. He intended to draw.
Councilor Gaius Marius had doted on Rex. He had seemed to care for him above all. He had called him a little princeling. The affection he had for him was striking.
As Rex took a seat in one of the viewing deck’s booths, Saturnine pondered and thought. He watched Rex intently. He wondered.





Chapter Nine

When Cruz landed on his feet in the streets of Meretrix, he stood there in stunned silence for a while as people walked by. 
His heart was still pounding. He still couldn’t believe he was alive. How had he slowed his descent? How was he still breathing, still standing? How were his legs not broken?
He remembered there were still cameras watching him, still footsoldiers of the Mandate of Justice patrolling Meretrix’ casinos and dens of iniquity. He had no time to wonder about metaphysics, to question his strange fall.
Up ahead, a telnet screen was playing, without sound, tuned to the news. The ticker read: “Councilor Gaius Marius fears government conspiracy to protect Saturnine…”
He thought of Amalia, who he’d risked his life to protect. He had refused to confess. Had he bought her a little time? He hoped so. He had given up no information. He had resisted; he was now a fugitive against the law. And he was alive.
A message had appeared on his commlink.
The sender was hidden, but the message made it clear who had it come from: “Hangar 709, Borea. Instructions inside. You are Saturnine’s last chance…”
Borea was the division of Meretrix where Cruz now stood. He had been sent that message sometime during the interrogation.
His heart was still pounding. He could still scarcely breathe. Confusion reigned the night. But he headed toward Borea’s only hangar, hoping it left some way out.

~

In Hangar 709, there was a ship, all right.
It was a Mandate of Justice cruiser, armed with phase cannons. It would have hyperspace, a gravity well, everything Cruz needed… and more.
A mat was right under the hatch. Cruz removed it, and found the keycard there, atop a folded Mandate of Justice uniform and a letter.
Cruz scooped up the items into his hands and opened the letter. It was printed in fine handwriting: “You left. You abandoned me. But you are Saturnine’s only hope… Tiberius Station. Waygate 908.”
To storm a station, to pretend he was someone he wasn’t, all for some failing moral cause, would have been unthinkable just days ago for Cruz. But now he stood here, hesitating, on the cusp of embarking on this reckless task…
As he entered the cruiser, he decided to give it a go. It was crazy, but it was for Amalia… a woman who was now in danger, a woman who he deeply admired.





Chapter Nine

The SMS Intrepid was drifting through the vast expanses on the edge of the System. Meteors and asteroids were the only things of value. Corps once mined gold, cobalt, iron and more from asteroids, but the Wasters had driven them away. No one wanted to risk their lives out here, on the edge of things.
They would idle here, their power nearly turned off, until the Mandate of Justice lost them. Or so Saturnine hoped. Eventually, crooked justice would come to them. Eventually, the SMS Intrepid would be boarded. He would be taken back to Metropolis… he and everyone on board. Katerine, Rex, and all the servants who’d taken care of them for years…
Rex.
As Saturnine looked out the window from the viewing deck, he pondered.
He had made so many promises as consul. To redistribute money. To hand out payments to the poor. The corps had been enraged. 
But Rex. The people of Metropolis all loved Rex. Wherever he went with his father, crowds would gather. They adored him, perhaps even more than his father.
He had taken one of Rex’s drawings, a work of art in charcoal.
“5-0-9-0-11-0” the writing said, written all over the paper’s borders.
“5-0-9-0-11-0,” Saturnine mumbled aloud.
Rex was not crazy. He had dreamed it, he said.
“5-0-9-0-11-0.” Saturnine took a pen from his coat pocket and wrote out the number on the page’s margins. 





Chapter Ten

When the sun filtered through on the morning after the crash, there was hardly any light at all. But in the dimness, Raven could make out swampy growth and underbrush, pocked with the roots of treetowers. Mornings on Klyss were as dark as night back in Metropolis.
She was shivering. She had spent the night in a blanket, pressed up against a nest of roots. Her stomach was empty. The food would run out soon.
How many news stories had ended like this? Lost expeditions of many people, disappearing into thin air? The authorities in Metropolis might never find their ship. They would end up a legend.  “The Crew of the SMS Juggernaut” disappearing into the cold darkness of space.
It was never supposed to be like this.
Raven was supposed to be in the warm Palladian sun, studying the migrations of wild therion. She was supposed to be hard at work at her treatise, which would earn her widespread recognition at the University of Metropolis. She would publish her work… she would go on tour, first in Metropolis, then in Bellator, Pax and beyond. It was not supposed to be like this.
She cursed her luck.
By now, the crew had also awoken from their uneasy slumber. 
Raven had been the only passenger. The rest of these ran the SMS Juggernaut as their livelihoods. They were mechanics, pilots, a medic, a chef… she alone was a woman of status, an academic, a millionaire who occupied a high-rise in one of Metropolis’ most exclusive towers. And yet she would face death just like the rest of them. She had no innate advantage. Her wealth and her knowledge would not help her. She would perish here, amid the treetowers of Klyss, just like them.
The chief pilot’s name was Marius. She knew him barely at all. His co-pilot had begun rationing the food, pre-packaged garbage from the kitchen of the SMS Juggernaut.
Raven hopped down from the roots, and her boots became submerged in the mucky, overgrown ground. She had begun to sink a few inches into Klyss’s moist earth.
She thought she saw something stir up ahead, in the shadowy darkness of the trees. She turned. “Marius!” she shouted.
The pilot turned to her. He had his commlink in hand. He had been feverishly radioing for help in vain; now, even the mysterious voice from last night did not respond.
“Could I have a light…” Raven watched as Marius ruffled through his pack. He threw her the flashlight, which she flipped on, and focused into the darkness ahead of her. She stepped outward, further into the muck, until she was almost thigh-high in water.
One of the roots had been cut, exposing the white wood beneath. It was clearly by a knife, or some sharp object. A human had done this. A person.
“Marius!” she shouted again.
She heard him splashing and fumbling through the water.
“Don’t go out too far, Raven!” he was hollering. “There are killer vines…”
She’d heard of those—vines which strangled travelers and then dragged them down into the depths for consumption. But that was the least of her worries. They would run out of food soon. And she had seen the first, if not only, sign of life.
The cut was fresh. It was barely perceptible, several yards away. 
“Do you see that?” Raven said.
“What?” Marius sounded annoyed.
“The cut… the etching on the tree.”
“Did you do it?” Raven sounded stupid.
“No…”
“None of us did. There was someone here. Someone with us, last night…” Raven turned to face Marius. “Don’t you see?”
Marius was looking at her like she was crazy.
Anger welled up inside her. “I will find out myself…” She had a commlink. She could communicate with Marius, and the others, if need be. 
But she was not crazy. She was a scientist. She was intelligent. She knew something was out of place when she saw it.
She approached, alone, in the darkness, until it was total, like a shroud, and she was the lone figure among the nest of roots.
Wading through the water, she at last reached the cut. It was carved. It was fresh. It had been etched last night, most likely. But she had never seen its carver. No one had.
She recalled the eerie feeling she’d had in the hull of the wrecked SMS Juggernaut. But that had just been nerves. This was real, as real as her own two hands. This was something she could feel, the coarse wood, exposed to Klyss’s humid air. Someone had taken a knife to these thick roots. Who was it? Who had been here? Raven had serious doubts it was the crew.
She took her flashlight and aimed it around. The light penetrated the shadows. Ahead, yards away, there was another root, another cut.
Someone had left a trail of incisions, like breadcrumbs. The cut was white, and recent, as well.
She had her commlink. She could find her way back, anyway, through these makeshift breadcrumbs.
She ventured to the next incision, crazy as it was. Sure enough, there was another cut, deeper, deeper, into the swamps of Klyss. She thought of the killer vines, and the tube snakes which haunted Klyss in addition to a thousand other dangers. But someone was here. Someone intended to help. He had left his handiwork here; incisions in the roots of treetowers. 
She was not insane. She was sure of it. She was a scientist. She was perfectly rational.

One by one, she followed the incisions in the roots, until she was far from the crew of the SMS Juggernaut. She followed the trail until she was shivering with cold, until her entire body was wet, until she was so far from help she feared she’d never get back again. And yet, she continued her pursuit doggedly. She was certain salvation lay at the end of this trail of breadcrumbs. Someone had been sent to save them. Someone, in some colony in Klyss’s canopy. They meant to rescue the crew of the SMS Juggernaut. She was sure of it. 
Sometime after the tenth incision, she stopped and questioned herself for the first time. What if there was some kind of explanation for this? Something she did not understand? What if the incisions were natural? What if some animal had carved them inexplicably?
But the trail followed a logical path, and no other roots were cut. She was not crazy. “I am not crazy,” she told herself. Then she laughed, and her laughter echoed through the forests of treetowers, across the roots, and into the deep darkness which surrounded her. 
There was a loud splash, and a vine leapt out from the water like a tentacle, wrapping around Raven’s neck and dragging her underneath.
In the moment she was underwater, pulled toward the maw of a carnivorous plant, she had little time to think. But she sensed the same thing that she had under the hull… that she was being watched, that she was not alone in these dark woods.
But the vine was severed and she staggered upwards with a splash, covered in mud and dead vegetation. Her heart was pounding out of control. And someone stood there, staring at her, dressed in battle-armor like the Dragoons, except this armor was crimson, as red as blood. A hood lay on the man’s head. She could not make out his face, only the twinkling of his eyes.
In one hand was a sword; in the other, the still-twitching remnants of the vine which had wrapped around her neck.
“Who are you?” Raven cried. 
This was the man who etched the roots. This was the presence on the ship. She could sense it. No—that was crazy. 
She backed away until her back was up against the roots. Her hands were shaking. She felt nauseous. She had never been this afraid.
“Who are you?” she said again.
“Ghost,” the man replied. He was the voice on the other end of the commlink. He was the one she had ignorantly called “their only hope.” 





Chapter Eleven

A message flared on Saturnine’s commlink. 
He was in his private quarters. 
The words were from Amalia: “Waygate 908. Wait a day. Then try. It’s your only hope… they are onto us…”
On a hunch, Saturnine clicked on the telnet. On the screen, below the prattling form of Councilor Gaius Marius, were the words “Senior aide to Saturnine arrested…”
He knew the answer, even before the screen shifted, long before the telnet showed Amalia handcuffed to face Metropolitan justice.
His heart sank. But she would not send that message without cause. There was a tiny chance Saturnine, Rex and Katerine could escape the System altogether and venture into the outer worlds.  There was a chance the Waygate would be unlocked.
There was only one hope for Saturnine’s survival. He had to roll the die.





Chapter Twelve

As his cruiser left hyperspace, Cruz wondered at what he had done. He still did not understand himself. Perhaps that miraculous fall had instilled something in him.
And he bought Amalia a little time. He hoped she was off-world by now.
The planet of Metropolis was like a twinkling puzzle-piece. Each bit of land was dominated by city, and the buildings extended far into the ocean, as far as they could go. 
He hoped for a miracle. He hoped that whatever force had guided him to the ground would guide him now.





Chapter Thirteen

“Ghost.”
Raven repeated the words that had been spoken to her.
Her nemesis stood firm, garbed in crimson battle armor. A sword was in his hand. 
Deep under the canopy, far from the crew of the SMS Juggernaut, Raven was at “Ghost’s” mercy. 
The sword was an antiquated weapon. It was obsolete even when the Genesis Ark struck Metropolis and remade it. It was obsolete even when the first humans entered the System, refugees from a dying star, when the citizens of “New Rome” left “Old Terra.”
It was used in reenactments, in history exhibits, in sport. But this “Ghost” was wielding it like an outright weapon. Even in armor, he was helpless without a phase weapon. One direct blast and the armor wouldn’t save him. She wondered about this Ghost. He was something different. He was strange. 
She felt like she had in the hull of the SMS Juggernaut. His presence seemed to envelop her. Goose bumps had appeared on her forearms. There was something about this “Ghost.” Something about this place.
“Come with me, Raven,” Ghost said. 
He walked away toward the shadows. 
Raven hesitated a moment, then followed after.

~

In the darkness of the swamps, between the roots of the treetowers, there was a patch of upraised earth. Three stones were towered above it. A ring of glow ferns surrounded them, bathing the area in dim light. On the ground, there was a tablet with writing.
A cross-hatch symbol was in the center of it.
The writing was foreign, like chicken-scratch. Raven could not read a word. The letters, the alphabet, everything was foreign. 
Ghost was eyeing her from behind the darkness of his crimson hood.
“Read!” he continued, with a whiff of annoyance to his voice. 
“I can’t,” Raven said. “I’m not a linguist. I don’t know the lettering… I don’t know the words…”
“Read!” he said again.
Raven could not. The words were cuneiform, wedge-shaped, completely alien. Her friends, who were linguists, might know, but even then she had never seen such lettering, such wording. She had never seen a cross-hatch symbol like the one before her.
“You are a woman of learning, Raven,” Ghost said. “You can understand…”
She looked up at Ghost, peering into the darkness of his hood. What was he saying to her? What did he mean? 
She was so vulnerable, so alone, so afraid.
“Come, ye Romans.” Ghost was reading the text to her. “And we shall return, with a greater power than you know… Attack us, ye Romans, and it shall return a thousand fold. We are coming soon.”
Raven didn’t know what to say. She just wanted to be home. She no longer cared about the therion herds, about her treatise, about her chances for promotion. She just wanted to go back to Metropolis. She would never venture outside her homeworld again.
Whatever forces hated the “Romans” and their Dominion, she would never venture to speak out against them. She would never violate their treetower forests. She would never speak a word against them. She would live on in silence.
Something greater than what she knew was here… something fearsome and terrible.
“Go,” Ghost said. “Return to your crew… A ship is coming to rescue you. They heard your desperate calls.”
Raven was transfixed, staring first at the stone monument and then glancing back at Ghost. It was eerie how that crimson hood hid every bit of his face; all was shadow.
“Go!” Ghost shouted. “Go now! There are forces here you do not understand.”
At the command Raven scrambled in response. She was mud covered and sopping wet. But soon she would be back home, in Metropolis, and she would forget this madness. She would put it all behind her.





Chapter Fourteen

As the SMS Intrepid began its journey to Waygate 908, on the edge of the System, Saturnine knew full well he was headed to his death. This was his last hope, an unlocked Waygate.
In his private quarters, he watched as the ship lurched into hyperspace, traveling at the maximum speed to what was almost certainly an impossibility. The Waygates were locked from Metropolis. They could only be unlocked from Metropolis, by the Mandate of Justice.
Amalia’s word was his hope. There was a tiny chance, a tiny glimmer.
His mind was still swimming with the events of these months.
He remembered the joy of the crowd… the love of the people of Metropolis.
And now Councilor Gaius Marius, who hunted him with a vengeance he could not, he did not understand.
He had Rex’s drawings, scribbled in a charcoal pen. He pressed his hand against the edge of the paper. A planet was there, plain and featureless except for wispy clouds and caps of ice on its poles. The numbers were scrawled on the edge, the numbers that Saturnine had become obsessed with, the numbers which had become etched in his consciousness: 5-0-9-0-11-0.
“5-0-9-0-11-0,” he said to himself. “5-0-9-0-11-0.”
He took the piece of paper and pressed it to his heart. He did not have much hope. But this was his last chance. His only chance.





Chapter Fifteen

Rex was in the viewing deck. Father was gone, thankfully. He would not interrupt him. He would not question him. He would not interrogate him. He would not question him about his dream, the dream he had not told him all about, the dream which he had not ascribed all into paper.
There was someone out there, someone in the darkness of space. He was speaking to Rex, even though Rex did not want to be spoken to.
He had dreamed intensely, indeed, about a rust-colored planet, about numbers on a dashboard. But there was more. There were things a charcoal pen couldn’t color. Voices. Strange voices in the night, which he’d heard for months now, ever since Father became consul and even before, when he was striving to achieve that. Then he’d sent the whole family into danger, and his dreams became more intense. They seemed as real as life, and he would wake up in a cold sweat. He still woke up in a cold sweat, but now he wasn’t in his comfortable room at Dynno Tower, he was in unfamiliar quarters.
He was twelve years old. He was supposed to be in primary school. But he didn’t miss that. Something had drawn him here. That voice. Those words he did not understand. That language, which was unintelligible, but seemed like a summons… like a calling.
Father had tried to keep him in the dark about what was going on. But he knew they were in danger… they were all in danger. The Elder Council had turned on Father… one minute they loved him, the next they wanted him dead.
As a little boy, he had been afraid a lot. He had crept into his parent’s room after seeing a night vision. He had been afraid of burglars, of wars, of a hundred things. He had been afraid of everything.
But he was not afraid now. He was calm. He was calmer than Mother, than Father. He did not entirely understand why. Perhaps he was focused on the visions he saw. Perhaps he was distracted. But he was not afraid. He was confident he would survive. The voice in his dreams had told him as much.
The telnet was turned, as always, to the news. Gaius Marius was displayed on the screen;  below him were the words “Saturnine may have conspired with Wasters to kill Consul Gnaeus.”
Consul Gnaeus had been found murdered not long ago. He had been one of the most popular consuls in Metropolis. He had been popular like Father. But the telnet never showed Father’s support; it never showed the crowds he’d seen. It didn’t show the riots after he’d been arrested, the cheering when he’d escaped. All was controlled; all was sent from the Elder Council.
Rex wanted it turned off, but Father insisted it be on at all times.
He had grown angry at the lies of Gaius Marius; of the hatred he saw on the face of every councilor. And now he was submerged in it; he could not avoid it. Every force in the Dominion was pursuing them now.
But Rex hated Gaius Marius more than anything, or anyone.





Chapter Sixteen

 Saturnine was in the cockpit when the SMS Intrepid ripped out of hyperspace. The blur of light faded and in an instant they were right in front of the Waygate. The pilot radioed the Waygate operators.
But there was only static.
And yet, they were not alone.
Cruisers—Mandate of Justice cruisers—were guarding the Waygate. In an instant they whirred to life.  The cannons began to fire pulse charges. Some glanced off the SMS Intrepid’s flimsy armor, though they failed to penetrate it and shut it down.
In the blue light of the pulse charges, the pilot kicked the SMS Intrepid into high gear. 
Soon it had entered the Waygate itself.
“No response,” the pilot snapped.
He had come here for a false hope. And he had expected failure.
But failure was what he received. The Waygate was closed. Amalia had sent him here in vain.
Soon the pulse charges would shut down the SMS Intrepid altogether. They’d be boarded; they’d be brought back to Metropolis to face the cruelest justice available. He thought of Rex. He thought of Katerine. He wept at what he had done, at what he had brought his family to.
He looked back. Just beyond, a fleet of cruisers winked out of hyperspace.  They had been caught. They were outnumbered.
The Waygate blazed back into life. 
Words appeared on the SMS Intrepid’s control panel: “Enter coordinates,” it said.
It worked. It was a miracle. Somehow, some way, they’d been rescued…
“Coordinates,” the pilot repeated.
The cruisers were soaring ahead. The pulse cannons began to blaze.
Saturnine had no idea where to go. He found himself repeating the numbers he had heard over these weeks and months, the numbers he’d seen scribbled in a charcoal pen over and over again.
“5-0-9-0-11-0,” Saturnine repeated.
The SMS Intrepid began to dissipate. Soon they’d be far from the reaches of the Mandate of Justice, far into the depths of space.





Chapter Seventeen

Cruz idled outside Tiberius Station. There was no point in the mission, not anymore. The telnet screen in the cockpit told him everything he needed to know: Saturnine had been discovered outside Waygate 908. “Within days,” they said, “he would be facing trial.”
Amalia had been arrested. Her best plans had come to naught. She would spend the rest of her life in prison, if she was lucky enough to avoid the executioner’s chair.
Life was cruel. It was amoral.
Amalia had laid her best plans. Cruz, still in the uniform of a Mandate of Justice agent, would have to try to avoid her fate. He would have to wriggle his way out of his own troubles with the law.
He had done his best to save Saturnine. But he was gone; Amalia was gone. Now, all he could do was try to save himself.
Tiberius Station, floating above the polluted seas and urban sprawl of Metropolis, controlled all Waygate activities throughout the station.
The mission to override the controls would probably have ended in failure.
Even if Saturnine had remained alive, even if Amalia had not been caught, would Cruz have gone through with this foolhardy mission? Seeing Tiberius Station through his cockpit window, his stomach crawled. He had been so close to death. Perhaps, this was for the best.  Perhaps, he wouldn’t have been brave enough. Now, he would live another day, until the Mandate of Justice closed in, until the Syndicate exposed him. He was alive, and for that, he was grateful.






Chapter Eighteen

Raven was the last to board the rescue copter. She was the last to leave the forest floor. She wanted more than anything to be gone from Klyss, but she was still shaken from the events of the prior days.
As the copter lifted off, ferrying her to some nearby colony in the treetower canopy, she pondered what she had seen. She had encountered things she could not reasonably explain. She had witnessed things she did not fully understand, and perhaps never would.
She would go back home with that sense of confusion, that eerie sense of wonder.
“Did you hear?”
One of the lost crew members was speaking to her, one of the last to leave the forest floor.
She looked up at her. “Did I hear what?”
“Saturnine’s been caught…”
She had not paid much attention to the news, or to politics in general. But she supposed it was good whenever a traitor got what was coming to him.
“Good,” Raven said.
But there were other things on her mind, things that confused her, things that terrified her. If she told any of her colleagues in the university what she’d seen, they’d laugh at her. They’d say she’d been dreaming.
Ghost had vanished into thin air. He’d disappeared, like a wraith in legend. He had read her words of the ancients, words of those who walked the misty treetower forests long before any humans arrived in the System.
“He finally got what was coming to him,” the crew member continued, either unaware or not caring that Raven had no interest.
What worth was politics, what worth was anything, in the wake of what Raven had witnessed, in the wake of what had shaken her to her core?
She still did not know who Ghost was, or his purpose. She still did not why he had approached her, or why he had followed her. But she remembered his words. She remembered the tablet, hiding unperturbed in the midst of the wilderness.
Those words, etched in ancient times, echoed through her mind: “Come, ye Romans. And we shall return, with a greater power than you know… Attack us, ye Romans, and it shall return a thousand fold. We are coming soon.”
The words made little sense to her. But they reverberated inside her, the wild cry of a desperate and distraught people. Did curses have power? Was there something more to this galaxy than Raven knew?






Chapter Nineteen

The SMS Intrepid was in Waygate 908 one minute, and in the next second the form of a rust-red planet overtook them, covering the window. In an instant they were in a flaming descent towards its atmosphere.
Saturnine cursed as the ship hurtled toward a certain crash.
Behind them, a cruiser had apparated. The Mandate of Justice was following them here, here, in this unexplored part of the galaxy where there was no hope for refueling or any promise of life.

~

As SMS Intrepid skidded to a fiery stop on the sandy earth, Saturnine was thrown this way and that. Eventually he rose, battered and bleeding. The air had left the ship; he strained to breathe but couldn’t.
His pilot helped him up and placed an oxygen mask over his mouth. Saturnine’s mind was swimming. The smell of smoke was omnipresent. He thought of Katerine and Rex, and in a panic rushed toward the door.
But he blacked out before he took the first step.


When he came to, he was alone; the ship was at an angle. Smoke filled the cockpit. The smell of burning fuel and metal filled the air.
Only Saturnine’s oxygen mask kept him alive, but soon enough, it too would give out, and he’d be stranded on this airless, treacherous planet. He had been brought to ruin by his own hand.
There were places outside the System, places he could have gone to, where space stations existed and refueling was available. But he had come here, somewhere in the depths of space.
It was stupid to have followed those coordinates—numbers that his odd, though precocious child had dreamed. It had taken him to the very atmosphere of this rusty planet, with no option to change course, only to crash.
He had brought them low. He had brought certain death to his own family. It was all by his own hand.
Saturnine staggered to his feet. He was bleeding in his leg, covered in bruises. He felt like he’d been slammed by a levtrain. 
He remembered a cruiser had followed them here. Perhaps they’d copied the SMS Intrepid’s coordinates, not knowing they would take them far across the galaxy, far away from help. At least Saturnine could take some solace in the fact that the Mandate of Justice footsoldiers would die too.
But there was no true solace in that. He could only think of Rex, of Katerine. He racked his brain to think of how they could escape. But there was no help, not this far away, on this uncertain planet, this uncertain world.
He staggered out of the smoking cockpit, down stairs which had become bent, through corridors which had been shattered, through a ship which had been exposed to this foreign planet, this poison air.

~

Outside, in the blowing wind, the red world was illuminated by a sun which was not Sol. The sun had a red glow, and as it sank beneath the horizon the sky was bathed in blue and purple. Outside the smoking ruin of the SMS Intrepid, a Mandate of Justice cruiser had landed intact. 
Rex was standing there in front of it, a small form clutching his Mother’s dress.
This is my fault. Saturnine cursed himself. I did this. I did it…
The light of the foreign sun was reflecting off a Dragoon’s armor. He had exited the cruiser. 
The crew of the SMS Intrepid was pouring out of the smoking wreck.
The Dragoon instantly began to fire. One by one, the pilot, the chef, the engineers, were vaporized, leaving Saturnine standing.
He did not have a pistol. No one did. 
Two more Dragoons exited the craft, phase rifles in hand.
Then a man in a black hood, with a oxygen mask covering his mouth, left the Cruiser, unarmed and protected only by his subordinates. As Saturnine staggered out to where his family stood alone, the Dragoons aimed their phase rifles and let loose a volley, firing percussive charges at the SMS Intrepid.
For what seemed like minutes, the volley continued, until at last there was a loud explosion. Saturnine looked back to see char and shrapnel flying everywhere. The SMS Intrepid, the ship he’d personally designed, which had showcased his greatest aspirations, was gone. There had been so many good memories. The very sight of it had been a treasure. Now it was gone. It was all gone. There was no hope left for Saturnine… none.
He bade farewell to ten years aboard the SMS Intrepid. Those years had been his best… and his worst…
The Mandate of Justice official, in his black hood, was wearing an oxygen mask. Surely he realized that his own death was just moments away. They were in a foreign system, a foreign planet, with a sun that was not Sol. They could not refuel. Eventually, they would perish. 
But there was no comfort in that, not when sweet Katerine was in sight, not when Rex—the sum of all his life—remained in harm’s way.
“Mercy!” Saturnine shouted, through the oxygen mask.
“Mercy,” the official repeated. “There is no mercy for traitors.”
But Saturnine knew the Dominion well. He knew the Elder Council. They did not hate him because he was a traitor. They hated him because he had taken their power.
The first phase charge went off. In a blinding flash of blue, Katerine’s shriveled form hit the ground. The Dragoons aimed at Saturnine.
“Any last words?” the official said.
“One day,” Saturnine cried, “one day… justice will be served.”
The rifles blazed as Saturnine took his last breath.





The Sorcerer






Chapter Twenty

In the face of everything, Rex stumbled to the ground, unable to breathe, unable to think, unable to comprehend. His father, gone… His mother, gone… He couldn’t fathom it. He was shaking. His eyes were streaked with tears. Sadness and grief filled him, but more than anything there was fear. The phase rifles were aimed at him. Why weren’t they firing?
In his childhood, all of Metropolis had envied him. Now here, now at this point, who would ever want to be in his place?
“The Mandate of Justice means justice for all,” the hooded man said. “A traitor must be put to death. And so too a traitor’s wife, and a traitor’s child. You deserve this, Rex…”
He was smiling. He was enjoying this. He was enjoying Rex’s tears. He was enjoying Rex’s terror. 
The air seemed to become thick; the shadows lengthened. In the distance, someone was approaching, a dark figure, black as jet.
The Dragoons turned toward this intruder; the hooded man looked toward him and jerked away, grabbing a phase pistol from his side. 
Were there people on this red planet? How could a person survive here, without an oxygen mask, on this wild hunk of rock that had never been terraformed?
The Dragoons turned their rifles to the stranger, and began firing, but he blinked out of sight. In the next moment he was upon them, black garbed, a sword of steel in his hands. He was striking them. They began to fall.
Rex felt his breath leave him. He staggered to the floor and lost all consciousness.

~

When he awoke he was being carried. The air had turned ice cold. A foreign sky was above him, amid stars he did not recognize, and the light of no moon. The Red Planet had turned gray and dark.
In the distance, amid Rex’s delirium, he caught sight of a star burning bright and green, which was surely distant, but stood out among the others.
The hands of Rex’s captor, or savior, were rough and bony. He moved with a swift gait. 
“Who are you?” Rex said as he was carried across the featureless plain.
Rex’s oxygen mask was gone from his mouth, but he was breathing. How could he breathe this poison air? And how could any human live here? There were no plants, no water, no animals. It was desolate and barren. How could anything survive? 
Exhaustion seized Rex, and he drifted off, once more, into a deep sleep.

~

When he came to once more, he was at the edge of a cave, wrapped in a blanket. A fire was burning. For the first time, he caught sight of his captor, who had removed his hood.
The man’s face was skeletal, only vaguely human. Where skin should have been, the flesh was red and raw. His eyes were dark. He was thin. And yet he had destroyed all the Dragoons; he had rescued Rex’s life.
“Where am I?” Rex said. 
“Hush,” the man said.
“Who are you?”
“Hush” was his answer.
Rex thought of Mother and Father. He wanted to weep but all his tears were gone. At the thought of them, despair overwhelmed him. There was no hope for him, any more, not on this alien world or back home. Everything he had was gone.
The stranger touched his forehead, and exhaustion settled in once more. Rex drifted off to sleep and was consumed by nightmares.

~

When he awoke, it was morning, and the foreign sun was rising over the horizon, casting the once-red sky in blue and purple colors. His captor, or savior, was still tending the fire.
“Who are you?” Rex asked once more.
But the stranger did not respond. As the sky regained its rusty color and the stars faded from view, and the air began to warm, Rex was met with silence. He had become hungry. He doubted there was any food in this world. He could not eat rocks or dust.
“I’m hungry,” Rex said.
The stranger turned to him. “Hush,” he said again.
He reached toward Rex, but Rex jerked away.
He wouldn’t allow the stranger to force him into sleep, not anymore.
“Who are you?” Rex shouted. He wouldn’t be ignored any longer.
“You are still sick,” the stranger said. “You must rest.”
“Who are you?” Rex snapped again. It dawned on him he’d seen this red earth, this blowing wind. It had been in his dream. He had heard this stranger’s voice, this person, this alien, whoever he was.
Could he somehow be responsible for this, for everything? For Mother and Father being gone?
No; it was the Dominion who had brought his father low. It was Father’s ambition… This stranger had nothing to do with it. 
“I know you,” Rex said. “I’ve heard your voice…”
But he had never seen this stranger. He had never beheld him. He had only heard him, speaking in a language he could not understand. But now he could understand.
“Why can I understand you now?” Rex said.
“Hush,” the stranger continued. “You are perceptive. That is why you were called.”
“Who are you?” Rex answered, insistent.
“I will tell you one thing,” the stranger said. “One thing which will answer everything. Servuus.”
At the words, Rex slipped again into sleep, as if they were hypnosis.


It was late in the day when he awoke. Rex didn’t feel quite so hungry. He was not quite so tired. Some of the warmth of the day had passed.
He could breathe more fully. 
The fear was gone, the worry absent… all he had now was grief, the memory of Father and Mother stricken dead… It had settled over him like a weight. He could think of nothing else.
“Rex.” The stranger was still sitting across from him. The fire was still burning. But now it was Rex who didn’t want to talk. He wanted to retreat into his inner world. He wanted to sleep forever and never wake up.
“Rex…”
Father was gone. Mother was gone. He was alone. He began to cry again; his tears had returned. He sobbed uncontrollably. The stranger could not help him. No one could. No one could bring Mother back. No one could bring Father back.
“Rex…”
The stranger did not know him. He did not know what he lost. Rex did not want to be here. He should be in the grave, with them…
“Rex…”
“Quiet!” Rex snapped. “Leave me alone. “ Through his weeping he said the words, “Mother… Father…”
The stranger grabbed his hand and for once Rex did not resist.
He began to calm down. He began to breathe. He wiped the tears from his eyes. In a better state of mind, he looked up at the stranger’s skeletal face. “Who are you?” Rex asked once more.
“My name is not important,” the stranger said, “but once, they called me Stultus…”
Who “they” were, Rex did not know. But perhaps that knowledge could wait for another time… for now, he had to grieve for Father and Mother. 

~

In the blue morning light the next day, Rex took a walk with “Stultus” amid the whispering winds and biting dust of this foreign planet.
Memories of the prior day were rushing through his mind, and panic was rising up inside him. But Stultus took Rex’s hand in his, and he calmed down again. 
Eventually, they came to a stone circle in the middle of the dusty earth. In the center of the circle was a bowl, and the bowl was surrounded by a bench.
“What is this?” Rex said.
“Take a seat,” Stultus answered. 
Without another word, Rex obeyed, not knowing what else to do. The bitter cold had begun to let up; warmth was flooding through the dry plain once more. Clouds had begun to gather overhead.
Stultus put his hands on the edge of the bowl.
“You are one of them.” His dark eyes were peering at Rex. “I did not expect that.”
“One of who?”
Stultus was rubbing the edges of the stone bowl. “I called you here because I sensed your potential… I watched you from afar.”
Stultus still wasn’t making sense. Rex did not want to be here with him. He wanted to be home, in Metropolis, not here, with nowhere to sleep, nowhere to eat. Even with the evil men who tried to kill father, he wanted to go back home.
“You do not understand,” Stultus continued. “But you will. Touch the bowl.”
Rex laid his hands over the rim. Stultus touched Rex’s left hand with his own; it was cold to the touch.
“You are one of them,” Stultus said. “Them.”
Something like fire appeared in the base of the bowl, flashing red, then green. Rex began to lose consciousness; he began slipping into a deep but lucid dream.

~

A planet appeared, bathed in the light of this system’s red sun. Its seas were a murky blue. The continents twinkled with green lights. It was like a twisted version of Metropolis.
“When the ark arrived,” Stultus’ voice echoed through Rex’s mind, “there were people living on the planet. Millions just like me… But the ark struck, and everyone, man, woman, and child, was wiped out…”
Had there been two “arks?” In primary school, Rex had been taught of a single ark, fleeing a dying sun, from the city of “New Rome” in “Old Terra.” Had there been two? Had all his teachers and tutors been wrong? Had another ark left the human home world, and impacted on the far side of the galaxy?
The impact event, which destroyed and terraformed what would become Metropolis, could have happened twice. Perhaps two tribes of humans had escaped Old Terra and its dying sun…
“Hundreds of millions, dead…” 
Stultus was floating in front of this twinkling green planet. There was a sword of silver in his hands. 
Rex looked down and saw that he was here, too, floating in space, yet still breathing, still cogent. This was a vivid dream, as vivid as all the dreams he’d experienced in the past months. 
Rex was wearing a cloak. A sword was at his side, darker in color than Stultus’s.
He had no illusions that this was not a dream. This was fiction. But he was viewing a real place, a real planet. 
“Those natives that survived, on colonies, on other planets… they were sold into bondage… they were called Servuus… slaves.” 


~

Rex returned; he was back in the Red Planet, back on the swirling dust and red sky.
Stultus was staring at him. The sun was reflecting in his eyes with a reddish gleam.
“I am the last of the Kyberii,” Stultus said. “None of my people are left. They are all dead. You, Rex, are my people’s only hope.”





Chapter Twenty-One

“In the iridium mines, the humans worked us to our deaths.” Stultus’ fleshy, bony face was reflected in the warm light. “We were so desperate, some Kyberii killed themselves. Eventually, the slave revolts were put down… those who had a will to live continued on, but there were few of us.
“It was then, in our desperation, we discovered something within ourselves and within our universe. It was my teacher Sulaman that discovered the psychic forces around us and within the fabric of the universe.  It was Sulaman that became the first Sorcerer.”
Thunder seemed to roll in the distance. The winds changed, and the air shifted. Rex pulled his coat tighter. He still did not understand what Stultus was saying. He did not know why Stultus had called him here. But Stultus was the only person here on the Red Planet. He was the only person who could help Rex return home.
“The humans had weapons that could disintegrate us in one blast,” Stultus continued. “But with just a sword, Sulaman became more powerful than any of his captors. He began to teach his fellow Servuus the ways of sorcery. My people had suffered for three hundred generations. Now there was a glimmer of hope…”
Rex had a feeling this story didn’t end well.
“I was there… I was working in the mines, here, in this Red Planet. Sulaman led us all in a rebellion. He and his other Sorcerers drove all our enemies away. And we were left in peace for thirty years…
“But the humans were preparing… for we did not understand…
“One of their own had become a Sorcerer too. He called himself the Slayer.”

~

In the blink of an eye the flame flashed in the bowl, and once again, he was hovering above the twinkling-green planet, but this time Stultus was descending into its atmosphere. After a brief hesitation, Rex followed him downwards into what was sure to be great danger.
They descended into a charred earth. The soil was black and rocky. Throughout its mountainous expanse, there were roads, and lights blazing green. The sky was a glum shade of turquoise, veiled in clouds. And before them was a black ziggurat, and top of it, a throne.
“The Slayer has been kept alive ever since the Ark first destroyed our world,” Stultus said. “The life-force of children was fed to him to keep him young.
“He was the first to discover the world that lay beyond our vision… Sulaman was the second, but he did not know it…”
Stultus flew further toward the throne. Rex’s stomach was in knots.
“Come on, Rex. He cannot see you…”
At his urging, Rex followed, but with great hesitation. Fear was growing inside him, fear that verged on panic as the ziggurat took shape, as the throne neared, as he drew close enough to see the figure which sat upon it.
The Slayer was wrapped in a cowl. His face was gaunt, and if he had once been a human, he was a human no longer. His eyes were red and featureless. 
“Let’s go,” Rex said. “I want to go…” He tried his best to jerk out of the dream. “Leave me… let me alone… I don’t want to be here…”
“He can’t see you!” Stultus thundered.
The Slayer turned. His eyes gazed into Rex’s. A fear like nothing he’d ever felt before racked him to his core. The dream receded like a scroll.
He was back on the Red Planet. He fell backward from the bench and hit the floor. He was panting, sweating, panicking. The Slayer had seen him. 


~

Rex had fallen over onto the dirt of the red planet. The bright and foreign stars were out, spread across the sky. The distant sun was gone from sight. The air had turned cold.
He was shivering. He looked at his hands and saw them dripping with sweat. They had turned as white as ivory. 
Stultus was stooped over him, trying to calm him down but failing.
Rex had peered into the eyes of Slayer, and he would swear that Slayer saw him.
“Calm yourself,” Stultus was muttering. “Calm yourself.”
Rex tried to relax. He opened his eyes. He breathed. He must have been comatose for hours. But he was alive… even if the Slayer saw him, even if they had met each other’s gaze. Space travel took hours. He still had a little while, a little time to reflect, a little time to live. Stultus took Rex by the hand and lifted him up.
“You have much to learn, Rex, but you have so much potential…”

The fire burned again, warming the night.
Rex’s hunger had left him. He was breathing without an oxygen mask. Something like magic was at work. Stultus was keeping him alive.
In the warmth of the fire, he rubbed his hands, still shaken by the vividness of the dream.
“I sensed you from far away,” Stultus said. “All those light years away, I could sense your potential… you, Rex Saturnine, are the only one capable of avenging my people. You are the only one who could be great enough to defeat Slayer.”





Chapter Twenty-Two

As the fire burned, the wind was whipping in all directions, churning up the sands and building into clouds. The fear had left Rex, for now. But the memory of Slayer was burned into his mind. He was sure that, despite the dream, they had connected somehow. When Rex stared into those featureless red eyes, he saw death.
When he turned to face Stultus, the fire was twinkling in his dark eyes.
So much he did not comprehend. He did not belong here, across the galaxy, in a world he did not fully understand.
In primary school, Rex had been taught there was no life in the universe except humans, and that all humans lived in their adopted System. He had been taught the Dominion was all there was… but they’d been wrong. His teachers, his textbooks, they’d all given him faulty information. There were other suns besides Sol, yes, but there were worlds beyond reach of human eyes, worlds bursting with life. There were arks besides the Genesis Ark. There were two tribes of humans; and one had been corrupted beyond words. If Slayer was any indication, this tribe had changed completely. They were not humans, anymore. They were something different.
“I will teach you to be a Sorcerer,” said Stultus, “as best I can. But first we must forge you a sword.”

~

In the blue light of dawn, Stultus led Rex across the plains, through the swirling dust, through the bitter breeze. A mountain was in the distance, stark red against the bluing sky.
With no walking stick to lean on, Rex followed him up the slopes, up dirt and rock which crumbled underneath his feet. Stultus did not stop, keeping up his breakneck pace.
Near the summit, there was a hole in the rock, clearly carved by sentient hands. Here Stultus stopped and turned to Rex.
“These mines were once filled with the Servuus and their ‘masters.’ But when the Sorcerers overthrew them, and all the ships of Slayer could not overcome them, they vaporized the entire planet…” Stultus’ red, bony face reflected in the foreign sun’s light. Rex wondered if the purge of the Red Planet caused his deformity. But it did not matter; Stultus survived the purge. He was standing here.


“These mines were not meant for us,” Stultus said. There was an anvil, and a hammer, inside the entrance. Stultus had come here with iron dust and ingots. 
Rex still didn’t believe a sword could overcome a phase gun. How was it possible?
Swords were relics of ancient humans.
But he had come to respect Stultus. He trusted him.


With a hammer, Stultus beat the red-hot iron into shape. The process lasted hours, but when it was finished, Rex’s sword was made. He wrapped the handle in cloth and tape. He offered the sword to Rex. 
“I call this blade Avenger, because one day you will avenge the Servuus.”
Stultus took it in his hand and left. He watched the foreign sun sink beneath the horizon, reflecting on Avenger in its bluish light.





Part Two

Fourteen years later…






Chapter Twenty-Three

It was the sixth year of the consulship of Gaius Marius, the fourteenth year since Saturnine escaped into the depths of space, and the eve of Cruz Petroze’s thirty-fifth birthday. He was in a bar in Pallas’ largest city, Amethysta, and as the year 3100 approached, the news reels were full of nostalgia of the prior century.
He had started his life amid the greenery of Pallas, and now he had returned to it. His life in the Syndicate was a distant memory, but he had no doubts he was still being looked for. After hundreds of conspirators had been purged, executed live on telnet in Metropolis’ Dominion Square, Cruz had been filled with worry, but that worry had died down over the past decade.
He had returned to his old haunt, to a village a levtrain ride away from Amethysta. He had sunk his sale of the Mandate of Justice cruiser into a small but well-outfitted home. He had begun to put the past behind him.
But the past would never fully go away. He missed the danger. He missed the fight.
Up on the telnet, between sips of his wine, Cruz saw the nostalgia fetishists had reached the year 3086, the year of Saturnine’s charges of conspiracy and treason. The coverage had turned grim. 
“He is likely dead,” the anchor said, “but he escaped justice. That is what is most aggravating of all.”
His friends had left. It was past midnight. It was time to go home. The levtrains from Amethysta ran all night, but the coverage had instilled a sense of hurry in him. He still felt like he was being chased by ghosts of the past, by shadows. Surely criminal charges were on file somewhere. It was best to be cautious. It was best to retain that gut feeling, that slight but omnipresent sense of fear.

~

The levtrain ride was as short as it was lonely.
When Cruz left the station, a bit dizzy from the night of drinking, the streetlights of the village of Oswalda drove home how alone he was. He could hear dogs barking as he made his way home, but the streets were empty, and the lights in the houses were all out. He walked home along the sidewalk, in darkness, and the darkness began to weigh on him.
His home sat unilluminated at the corner of some forgotten street.  The lights were out in the windows. 
In the shadows, he paused. The wind was blowing, and the trees in his yard were swaying. He had a bad feeling, one he’d had before but never this intense. He hated dogs, but perhaps he should have gotten one.
“You’ve got to snap out of this,” Cruz mumbled.
He headed up the walk. He slid his pass card in the door, and heard it unlock. His phase pistol was inside, in a safe. 
But I won’t need it. He was acting irrationally. He had no reason to fear. But there was something he sensed… something off. Had he seen something in his yard, something his mind did not fully process?
He turned around and surveyed the yard. The grass was prim and trimmed. In the gentle wind, his neighbor’s wind chimes across the street made eerie music. Other than that, only the sound of dogs barking in the distance pierced the night.
Cruz was alone, as alone as he’d ever been.
The turn-of-the-century coverage on the telnet had spooked him, the memory of what he had done, or at least tried to do… the memory of the dead aide to Saturnine, Amalia, and the crime he was surely still on the books for.

~

A lamp in the kitchen was on. Did he do that?
Again, he was being irrational.
In the refrigerator, there was a salad made from therion eggs. A full stomach would help him sleep.


As he began to eat, an unmistakable sense of danger grew. He leapt up before he heard the voice speak.
“Cruz,” he said.
When he realized it was his old friend Xan, some of his panic melted away, but he was still breathing ragged, still afraid, still in shock. “Don’t do that to me, man,” Cruz breathed.
He hadn’t seen Xan in years. He was still involved in the Syndicate… still involved in what Cruz had happily left behind. Cruz had kept his distance. He had wanted to cut ties with everyone in the Syndicate, even those who’d become his dearest friends. He had failed in that effort.
Xan’s face was ashen. His eyes were wide. “Cruz,” he said again, “you’re in danger. There are copters on the way. The Syndicate always protects its brothers. You are a wanted man. They’ve found you. They want to capture you. The orders came from Gaius Marius himself…”
Xan wouldn’t lie. He wasn’t bluffing.
But Cruz couldn’t believe it. He had hidden his tracks so well. He’d done everything he could to hide from the authorities. He’d scrubbed his name from everywhere they could find it. He didn’t understand. 
“A moment,” Cruz said. “I’ve got to pack my things…”
“No. We have to go now.”

~

With just his phase pistol and enough cash to last a month, at best, Cruz left his familiar haunt for probably the final time. He’d never go back. He’d likely have to leave Pallas. He still did not entirely understand how he got to this point. For fourteen years, he’d lived in peace and quiet. Perhaps it was inevitable it would all end… it would all come crashing down. At least Xan had risked his own life to warn him. He could have been led away in a starship, in handcuffs.
A small cruiser was idling in a field of cara beans, to the ignorance of the farmers nearby. The lights of the cruiser were on. No doubt it was outfitted with cloaking devices and all manner of ways of avoiding detection. Still, Cruz wouldn’t be safe until he was fully off-world. The Syndicate had hideouts throughout the System. In safe-houses and in the homes of rich allies, the hunted could find a safe haven. Cruz wasn’t one to hide away, but he wouldn’t be a sitting duck either.
Cruz lingered outside the entry ramp a moment.
He saw bright lights in the distance. Upon focusing, he saw that they were copters, shining their spotlights on the village of Oswalda. Xan hadn’t been lying. Cruz had escaped, just in the nick of time.


The SMS Outremer sped away into the sky. Within the hour, it was out of the atmosphere, into the glory of space. Cruz, sitting in the copilot’s seat, was still a bit shaken. “How did they find me?” he said, though Xan surely didn’t know the answer.
“Gaius Marius is obsessed with you,” Xan said. “I’m not entirely certain why…”
The Consul of the Dominion wanted him dead. He wondered how he had become such a target.
For murder, yes… he had, after all, killed a member of the Mandate of Justice.
That was the only person he’d ever killed. No doubt a warrant of arrest had been issued.
“Gaius Marius?” Cruz said. “The consul is obsessed with me? Why?” 
“If only I knew,” answered Xan.





Chapter Twenty-Four

As Raven sat in a caratch shop, watching the news anchors wistfully speak of the passing century, she took stock of her own life. 
The coverage was focused on Auguste Saturnine’s disappearance. That had been fourteen years ago. 
And those fourteen years had led her here to an improbable place, to a caratch shop outside the University of Meretrix. She was living in a place that had once filled her with scorn: the Gamblers’ Moon.
The University of Meretrix was laughed at by all her former colleagues, but it was the only place that would accept her.
She had committed the inexcusable sin, one which had given her universal opprobrium. In her treatise, she did not write about the therion herds. She wrote about the paranormal. She wrote her theory that a world existed that could not be tested or observed by science. It was her strange encounter that convinced her.
Now, only the University of Meretrix, with its smoggy air and gray concrete buildings, would accept Raven as a professor. She had been the laughing stock of Metropolis. Old friends had openly mocked her.
But the events on Klyss had convinced her. She would not be deterred.
She had seen something. She had witnessed something she could not explain. Other scholars thought she was a kook, that she had lost her mind, that she had bumped her head on the ship when it crashed on Klyss and never recovered. 
They did not understand. They hadn’t seen what she’d seen. She didn’t blame them. She had felt the presence of the man named Ghost; she had seen something not unlike magic, what the ancient humans believed in.
She had left behind biology; now she was concerned most with people who claimed to see visions, who claimed hauntings and night visitors. In all cases, she had concluded they suffered from mental illness or were prolific liars seeking attention. She had found no evidence since that dark walk, fourteen years ago. But that night… that stranger… had convinced her that if she tried hard enough, if she sought diligently enough for difficult answers, she would find the proof. She would prove that there was a world beyond human observation, that there was a force somewhere out there that mankind did not understand. Her fruitless efforts had not impressed the dean at the University of Meretrix, but Raven’s reputation was already well established. Her professorship was safe. She did not have to fear scorn; she had made a career in biology. She could be a kook if she wanted to.
The caratch was getting cold. She glanced outside, through the window. The orange smog was something Raven would never get used to. The unhealthiness and squalor of Meretrix affected Raven too: she was not immune. But now, committed to her new field of study, Raven was happier than she’d ever been. She felt she was on the cusp of something big. She was on the verge of proving something.
She had nothing to show, at least for now. But she was almost there. She would prove to her colleagues back in Metropolis what she’d seen. Then she’d rub it triumphantly in their faces. 
But how, and where, could she find the evidence? She had seen someone disappear out of human sight, and then reappear. She had felt a person’s presence, so powerful she could not deny its force. She had witnessed writings of the ancients, amid the treetower rainforests of Klyss. She had seen and witnessed things she could not explain. She was at a loss for words, a loss for explanation.
As memories returned, spurred on by this nostalgic coverage, she realized what she had to do.
The holiday of Saturnalia was upon them, right before New Year’s. She had two weeks before classes began. She could make a journey to Klyss. She could photograph that tablet, etched in stone. She would have the closest thing to tangible proof that existed. Perhaps, she’d find Ghost again. She could ask him all manner of questions. He could show her the source of his supernatural powers. 

~

In the end, Raven asked for the entire semester off, an entire half year for the purposes of research, and the dean acquiesced. In these fourteen years, she had become rich. She had purchased for herself a personal cruiser with a hyperspace engine and a gravity well. In her earlier life, she had hated all things mechanical. Space travel had always frightened her. In Metropolis she had never owned a hovercar; a taxi could take her anywhere she wanted to go, and levtrains connected each part of the world city. But now, in her older age, she had taken spare moments to teach herself. She had become a prolific flyer. She had begun to enjoy it, in fact.
She left early the next morning, with a camera and a tablet to write on. She had not yet proved her theories about the world “beyond scientific observation” but what better place than to return the spot where she’d been convinced, all those years ago?





Chapter Twenty-Five

As Xan entered hyperspace, Cruz was still too amazed at the news to ask where, or what, he was going.
Gaius Marius, Consul of the Dominion, wanted Cruz alive for some reason.
Any fool would know it had something to do with Saturnine. But Saturnine was gone… vanished into the darkness.  Why was Gaius Marius still focused on him, and by extension Cruz? He had blinked away into the Waygate… to a certain death, they said. Why were they still concerned?

~

Three days later, when the SMS Outremer lurched out of hyperspace and emerged on the rim of the galaxy, Cruz still did not have a full explanation. He got the impression that Xan had been sent on one mission and one mission alone: to rescue Cruz from his pursuers, just moments before it was too late.
Beyond the window, normal sight returned; they were on the edge of the System, where a large ship was idling. No doubt this was where the base of operations for the Syndicate was located. It changed by the month, by the year, by the hour; as the Syndicate’s network of extortion and bribery exacted its grip on the System, the Mandate of Justice and the Dominion itself, it became vulnerable to attack.
“I thought I left this life behind,” Cruz muttered.
“But it came back to you,” Xan said. “You can never leave it. It always comes back…”
The Outremer docked in the frigate’s hangar where a number of cruisers of different sizes and shapes lay idle.
The Dominion did not allow citizens to possess frigates or ships outfitted with heavy weaponry.
As Cruz stepped off the SMS Outremer, he realized it was not a rich private citizen sheltering the Syndicate; it was a “corrupt” government official.  How many of those employed on the frigate knew exactly what was going on? Cruz expected very few.
A man in Mandate of Justice garb was waiting for Cruz. He was flanked by Dragoons with phase rifles.
Xan put a hand around Cruz’s shoulder.
“Mr. Junius,” Xan said, “here he is.”
At once, the Dragoons seized Cruz by the arms. Before he could react, they bent him backward and slammed him with cuffs. 
The Mandate official was laughing.
“Xan… why?” Cruz cursed.
It had all been a setup… the copters, everything. It was Xan who had ratted him out… the friend he had trusted… the friend he had spoken to.
“Why did you do it?” Cruz repeated. As the Dragoons jerked him this way and that, Cruz knew the answer. They had paid them off. What was loyalty to the Syndicate compared to a million credits? What was friendship, in the face of that wealth?
Why was the Consul of the Dominion so obsessed with him?
He would find out soon.





Chapter Twenty-Six


Across distances that would confound the human mind, which would take tens of thousands of years at hyperspace, beyond countless stars and through a multitude of systems, the Red Planet continued its revolution around its sun. And amid its dry and dusty plains, two figures were running, one of which had been there for fourteen years.

~

It was Rex’s twenty-sixth birthday. He knew it because he had taken count. He had calculated each day, each hour according to Metropolitan time. But he was no longer human. He did not belong in the System. He belonged here, with the one who called himself Stultus.
And yet, as he ran through the dusty plains of the Red Planet for what seemed the thousandth time, he could not escape that it was his birthday. He had spent fourteen trying years here, learning the ways of Sorcery, preparing for his battle with Slayer… he had spent more time on the Red Planet than he had in the System where he’d been born. In many ways he did belong here with Stultus; but in other ways he did not.
He paused amid his running. He let go of the power of Sorcery. He slowed to a walk.
Stultus stopped a few moments later.
He approached his apprentice. “What’s wrong?” Stultus said.
“Thoughts,” Rex said.
So much had changed. He had tried to put the past behind him. He had grown older on this Red Planet, far from human contact… he had reached adolescence. His voice had changed. He was totally different.
He had tried to forget everything… his hatred… his anger. But the thought of home brought all those emotions back to the fore. A grave injustice had been done to him. His mother and father had been taken away. He was right to hate. He was right to want vengeance…
“My father is what’s wrong,” Rex said. “My mother is what’s wrong.”
“You are here to defeat Slayer,” Stultus said. “That’s why I’ve taught you. You have to forget the past.”
“Easy for you to say…”
Stultus sneered. “Have you forgotten the cause? My people… Five million lives snuffed out. Slayer could do more harm to your people… He is a threat to all life in the universe, not just me, not just you… every living thing.”
He knew everything Stultus would say. Stultus had driven it through Rex’s mind over the years. In their Sorcerous sojourns, they had witnessed Slayer’s homeworld and its deprivations, seen its armies and fleets of frigates and battle ships. Rex had sworn an oath to Stultus to avenge him. At first, he had been afraid, but no longer. He had made it his life’s mission to defeat Slayer and remove him from his throne.
But now, thinking of his birthday, and that troubled hour so many years ago, the anger returned. Old hatreds bubbled anew. The Dominion… the Mandate of Justice… and Gaius Marius above all. He had tried to ignore that hatred, to put it aside, to stuff it away, deep inside him. But at times, he remembered. At times, that old hatred returned, and he would nurse it, seeking nothing more than revenge. What was Slayer, and Stultus, and the injustices done to the Servuus, compared to what had been done to him?
It was a pittance.
Stultus was staring at him. They’d had this talk before. It had always caused Stultus great concern. It had always given him great worry.
“Rex,” Stultus said, “do you know that it was I who rescued you from your captors all those years ago? Do you know that it was I who opened the Waygate… who helped your father escape?”
“But my father is dead,” Rex answered. “You did it all for yourself…”
“One day Slayer will threaten more than you… more than your father… more than me. There are things more important than your people or mine. There are things larger than yourself…”
Rex had had enough of Stultus’ lectures. He sheathed Avenger to his side. He would hear no more. 
“Leave me alone a while,” Rex demanded.
Stultus sighed. “As you wish.”

~

Rex began a hike through the rocky plains. His mind swam with memories of the day he landed here. That day was still burned into his mind. He remembered the grave injustice… his father being slain. But it was his mother he missed the most… it was his mother he was angriest about. Gaius Marius’ thugs had vaporized an innocent woman. Their hatred for Rex’s father was not enough; their hatred for what he represented was not enough. They had to destroy not only him, but everyone around him. 
And Stultus had used him; he had drawn Rex out here, speaking to him in dreams. Stultus didn’t care about Auguste and Katerine Saturnine. He did not care about Rex Saturnine.
Perhaps he had forgotten Rex’s surname altogether. 
His role in the events surrounding Rex’s father’s death had been entirely selfish.
Did he truly care about Auguste? Did he truly care about Rex?
Rex had come to the edge of a cliff. 
He sensed something out of place. He tasted something in the wind. 
He peered out in the distance, beyond the cliff, seeing a rocky and craggy plain below. He made out nothing. The Red Planet was lonely as ever.
But something had changed. He could feel it.
He could sense something in the air. Moreover, he was not alone.
He shut his eyes and tried to sense just what lay beyond. He heard the whirr of gears… he saw black metal legs, like a bug’s… he heard the static voice of a radio.
He drew Avenger.
Following his senses, he began at a sprint, leaping down the cliff down into the rocky plain below. He followed the sense in the wind and the air; he pursued the foreign entity which lurked in the Red Planet. 

~

The plain, which Stultus had called “The Desolation,” was soon behind him. He had entered a treacherous downward slope full of rock pinnacles. His visibility was almost negligible. But he could sense the foreign object, whatever it was, draw closer. 
Cloaking himself with Sorcery, he leapt up toward the top of a rock pinnacle. Far in the distance, he could see it stirring.

From this far away, Rex’s eyes could not discern if it was an animal or a machine. But he had a guess.
It had eight black legs like an insect, but its metallic sheen indicated this was a foreign craft of some sort. Its movements were sleek, almost animal-like in their smooth movements, but not quite.
This was a work of engineers. Someone was operating the “bug,” either within it or from afar. And there was only one place for it to originate: Slayer’s world. 
Was this the first contact? The first time he’d sent his followers to the Red Planet in centuries? 
Rex took off at a sprint, back to the cave which he and Stultus had called home.

~

When he reached that high mountain hideaway, Stultus was waiting for him. A fire was burning.
Stultus looked wounded by their prior conversation. He failed to meet his gaze.
“Teacher,” Rex said. “We are not alone.”
Stultus looked up. “What do you mean?”
“I saw something… like a bug… but I think it was a machine. It was…”
Stultus stood up. A look of panic had seized him. “A Retriever… Slayer has discovered us. We must do our best to hide.”
He raised his hand and extinguished the fire into streams of smoke. He raised another hand and dissipated the smoke itself. 
“I thought we were hidden.”
Rex looked up at Stultus. “All those years ago… when I first crash-landed… I looked into Slayer’s eyes…”
“That was years ago,” Stultus said. “He has found us now… We must leave. We must take shelter elsewhere.
“We have to leave this mountain and make sure there is no trace of us. You are powerful, Rex, but you are not ready to face Slayer… not yet.”





Chapter Twenty-Seven

When Raven’s ship exited hyperspace, the vast green world of Klyss appeared. Wispy white clouds floated along its atmosphere, like tufts of white floating in a green sea. Raven had begun to have second thoughts. Among the treetower forests, she would be utterly alone.
But the tablet, the experience of the man who called himself Ghost… that is where her belief in the paranormal had begun. If she searched for evidence there, perhaps she’d uncover what she sought. If she found out who the writers of that tablet were, if she found out their origins and their beliefs, it could lead her on a path to greater knowledge and greater understanding of what she’d been a witness to.
She had not witnessed any more miracles since then… that period of turbulence right before the Consul Saturnine blinked away out of thin air. That had been a troubled time for the Dominion.
But was it any more trouble than now? At the University of Metropolis and universities System-wide, the Dominion had begun to further and further dictate what could and could not be published. In an attempt to protect the political system, dissenters had been punished, and the government in Metropolis had put pressure upon university deans and professors, making sure nothing upset the established order. 
Yes, though Raven was loath to admit it, things had gotten worse since Saturnine’s disappearance. But was that disappearance the cause? She did not know. Who could tell?
She slowed the ship down as she entered the atmosphere.
She would not enter the dank darkness of the understory tonight.

~

In the canopy, a city of sorts was built between the trunks of the treetowers. Along its concrete-and-steel platforms, observatory buildings had been constructed, in addition to hangars, hotels and ports. This was as close to civilization as one could get on Klyss. Raven had arranged to meet an old friend here, someone she’d known from the University of Metropolis, someone who had been the least of her foes when she’d “went off the deep end” in her paranormal beliefs. 
Up this high in the treetops, the air was bracingly cold, and as she landed in the hangar and exited the ship, cold gusts of wind were blowing. Rain was drizzling down from the sky. 
The inhabitants of Lucius Skyport were much better equipped than she, wearing coats and carrying umbrellas. Raven only knew Klyss in its warmer, wetter, and far more dangerous understory. She walked out onto the bracing, wet platform. The air was thin this high. It would take some adjusting to. She cinched her thin coat as tight as it would go and rubbed her arms together. She had foolishly not brought an umbrella.
Beyond the hangar, the concrete platforms connected to each other, and sleek white buildings were constructed on top of them.
After a long walk through the bitter winds and cold rain, Raven at last arrived in the Genesis Hotel. 
She walked up to the edge of the platform and peered down below.
Treetowers, as tall as the mountains of Pallas, far higher than any Metropolis skyrise, were also sturdier than any steel pillar. Down below, the trunks plummeted downward to an inestimable depth, until the ground became blackness. 
“Raven!”
She recognized the voice of her colleague instantly.
She turned to see Cornelia standing there.
“Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to peer into the abyss?”
Raven laughed.
Cornelia had gotten slightly older, just like Raven had.
Unlike Raven, Cornelia had a husband and children. She was making a somewhat greater effort to meet her here at Lucius Skyport. Unlike her colleagues, she had listened with eagerness to Raven’s rants about her experiences and her newfound beliefs. She had continued to talk with Raven after the others in the University treated her as a laughing stock. She had continued to speak to Raven once she left the bright lights of Metropolis for the orange smog of Meretrix, even if she couldn’t ever summon up the courage to visit. But here she was, as requested. A meeting among friends. A willingness to humor Raven. A willingness to hear her out.
In the first floor of the hotel, a restaurant of sorts was in operation. Once Cornelia and Raven’s things had been ferried up to their respective rooms, they each took a seat across from each other. A waiter brought caratch. Food followed, but food was the least of her concerns.
Cornelia still did not completely know why Raven had brought her here. She would learn soon.
Over a hot cup of caratch, Raven began to go over once more what happened to her more than a decade ago. She told her, the first time, of her experience with the man who called himself Ghost, who wore body armor and a sword. She told her of the tablet, with its cryptic message, which Ghost himself had read to her, in a language no one in this modern age could understand. She had told her there were once natives of Klyss, who had disappeared ten thousand years ago when the humans arrive.
The sandwiches the waiter brought were tasteless and cold, but Raven was still happy to be here, in the company of a friend she hadn’t seen face-to-face in years.
“Why did you want me here?” Cornelia said. “I know it wasn’t just about my company.”
Raven laughed. “It was, in part. But you are a linguist. And there was a language there… symbols and writing that I’ve never seen before. Words that I didn’t understand.”
“And yet, you claim this ‘Ghost’ read them to you.” Cornelia smiled. “Are you sure he wasn’t just a madman?”
“Do I have to explain again that he vanished right in front of my eyes?” Raven asked. She knew what Cornelia was thinking—My friend is crazy.
“You were in deep darkness,” Cornelia said. “Very little light gets to the forest floor.  You said you were attacked by the killer vine. Perhaps some oxygen to your brain left you… there are a thousand possible explanations.”
Raven took a sip of her caratch. She had begun to realize Cornelia would never believe her words. She had to witness it for herself, like Raven did…
But Ghost was gone, vanished into the dark shadows of the treetowers. Who knew where he had now? Was he still wandering through the forests of Klyss, alone?
Raven had become convinced that, through some sort of supernatural force, he had boarded the ship she’d been traveling and redirected it on its course.
But why had Ghost singled her out? So much of it still made no sense. So much left her confused and certain. The events still made little sense. 
She was missing pieces of this puzzle she’d found herself in. That is why she’d come here. That is why she wanted to return.

~

Through her research, through disaster reports and conversations with the pilot, Raven knew the exact coordinates of the SMS Juggernaut’s crash. No doubt the debris was gone, but she knew just where to begin her search.
She and Cornelia left in a private copter, designed to fit within the vast spaces between the treetowers. 
Raven knew it would be difficult to locate the exact location of the stone tablet. But she had done her research, and found that the nicks she’d seen on the treetower trunks would still be visible to the eye. She could still follow the breadcrumb trail that Ghost had left, more than a decade ago.
“You are crazy, friend,” Cornelia said as Raven left the confines of Tiberius Station. Soon its slick domes and sleek buildings were gone from their sight, only a memory.
The treetowers stretched into the interminable distance. Like waves of grass they stretched in every direction. 


~

Tiberius Station lay seventy-two miles from the crash site, where Raven had first witnessed the workings of a power greater than science, a power mankind could only, and indeed had, dreamed of, in the primitive days of religion and magic. It was there, many fathoms below, amid the darkness of the understory, that Raven would make a believer out of Cornelia. She swore it would be so. 
Cornelia, the linguist, liked to humor Raven. She of all her colleagues was the most tolerant of her new field of study, but she still did not believe her ravings and rantings. She still silently judged her, if ever so slightly. She still thought something was wrong with her old friend.
“She’s hit her head,” Cornelia probably said to her colleagues.
But Raven would show her. She would make a believer out of her. And she would uncover the true meaning of the writing, its style and its script. Cornelia was not only a linguist, she was the premier linguist of the University of Metropolis… that beacon of learning, that high Olympian mount which Raven had fallen from. 
If anyone in the System knew what the writing was and its origins, Cornelia would. Raven could rest assured of that.
“I hear there are killer vines on the basin,” Cornelia said.
Was her friend getting nervous?
“And the Klyss Killer Sloth,” Cornelia began. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Raven said. “You were fine until now… I’ve made preparations. We have a phase pistol.”
But in her gut, Raven had begun to feel unsettled too. Something about the green plumes at the top of the treetowers, the wildness of it all, the utter loneliness. She remembered how she felt all those years ago.
Here, away from Tiberius Station, there were no other copters. It was hard to radio out. On the forest floor, it was practically impossible to get help and it was frightening to travel in such small numbers. But it was not deadly, as she had assured Cornelia multiple times. She was prepared for killer vines. And the Killer Sloths were active only in the dead of night, and susceptible to phase blasts.
Yet she knew how Cornelia felt; indeed she felt it herself, seeing this green horizon, which thousands of feet downward remained largely unexplored by humans. 
Yet Ghost had told her something, all those years ago: there were people here, on Klyss, before humans arrived, before the Genesis Ark crash-landed on what was to become Metropolis. 
Someone, somewhere, trod on the ground where I did… someone carved that message on the tablet of stone. Someone I do not know… someone I cannot quite comprehend. A culture lived there, a culture humans were largely ignorant of. And now, Raven was headed to their homeland. She would be disturbing their sacred spaces. Would their spirits, the residual traces of their memory, come to haunt her?

~

Two hours passed by in silence. Raven, having learned her way around a copter in the years since leaving Metropolis, was as comfortable as she could be. She had full fuel. Everything on her telnet looked fine; no, excellent.
The only thing plaguing her was that which plagued every visitor to Klyss; the green horizon, the leaves of the treetowers like an endless plain.
“Cornelia,” Raven said. “Are you ready?”
“As ready as I’ll be,” she answered.

As the copter descended, the afternoon light was gone in a flash; in the span of an eye, all had turned to night. The thick leaves blocked out Sol’s light. A rain had begun, at first a drizzle, then a shower. 
Raven could tell Cornelia was having second thoughts. She had not anticipated the fear of the unknown.
But she had made a promise to her old friend.
Things were different than they were years ago. The copter was sturdy and safe; she would not have to descend thousands of feet to the ground floor. She had ample protections for the wildlife she might encounter. She was more prepared, more ready to take on Klyss than ever. She had done her research.
Cornelia, bless her, had nothing to worry about. But despite Raven’s preparations, despite her phase pistol and her various repellents, she herself was feeling unsettled. The light had left them; they were enveloped in shadow, and as she descended, only the lights of the copter gave any illumination. They were headed into a place few had trod before—only Ghost, Raven, the doomed crew of the SMS Juggernaut… and many others, many centuries ago. Their footsteps had been forgotten. Their culture had been erased. 
The copter began its descent, steadily dropping at a rate of ten feet a second. 
“Will you be all right?” Raven said.
“I will,” Cornelia answered. 
But Raven could sense the fear in her voice. It was present in her own, too.

~

The copter landed where Raven had escaped the crash of the SMS Juggernaut all those years ago. The skids landed in the wet murk. The noise of the rotor blades winded down and then dissipated. The noise which had been, in a way, comforting, was gone. Only the sounds of Klyss remained.
Raven grabbed her phase pistol and the canister of repellent which would fend off the assassin vines. In the back of the copter, she had enough food and water for three days, even though she only anticipated being here for a few hours, at most. She had never been more prepared for a trip. She had never been so adequately prepared for whatever could go wrong. She had read all the tips on the telnet. She had inquired of experts on Klyssian wildlife. Nothing would happen to her.
But there was a feeling in her gut, one she remembered well. She had felt this way when the SMS Juggernaut inexplicably left hyperspace and then veered off course. She had this sick feeling deep inside when, defying all scientific explanations, the ship had launched and crash-landed among the rain forests of Klyss.
She felt, again, that she was not alone. 
Raven opened the door and hopped out. Cornelia was idling in the seat. She had not removed her belt.
Why did I take her here, she thought. I am a cruel friend. 
All this, in the vain hope there was some evidence she had missed, some evidence to prove her paranormal kookery was justified. Was it worth the fear she saw in Cornelia’s eyes?
Eventually Cornelia opened the door and climbed out.
She, like Raven, had prepared adequately in thigh-high rubber boots and clothes she wasn’t afraid to soil. All was well. There was nothing to fear.
But Raven was not alone. She could sense it. She could feel it in her bones, like she had fourteen years ago.

~

With the powerful beam of her flashlight, Raven began to navigate Klyss’s swampy ground. Nothing had changed in the preceding years, at least nothing that she could remember. She was the last person here, and the first to return.
She searched with her light in the hollows of the treetowers. The steely gray bark looked whole in shape, without blemish. Could another miraculous event have been performed? Could the incision on the bark have healed, against all biology, against all science? 
Within moments the light shone upon the partially healed incision. Treetowers grew slowly, and healed slowly. Fourteen years was not enough time.
Botanists claimed that treetowers, from seed to full fruition, took two-thousand years to develop. They were stronger than steel pillars, more immovable and stable than the skyrises back home in Metropolis. They were stronger than anything humans could make, able to withstand earthquakes and tremors, resistant to fire, and they lived for millennia. Even when dead, they remained sturdy. No human could make a better foundation for Tiberius Station.
“Raven.” Cornelia’s voice jerked her out of her thought.
“The repellent.”

They sprayed themselves in the repellent, which was anathema to the assassin vines. They were safer, more protected… and no less afraid.
The only true illumination was Raven’s flashlight. The darkness was near total. At night in Meretrix, and Metropolis, the streetlights and telnet screens lit up the world with advertisements. Even in the plains of Pallas, the white glow of the moon offered something. Nothing of the sort was here in Klyss.
“You say…” Cornelia was as uncomfortable as she’d ever looked, struggling through the wet murk. “You say there were incisions in the trees.”
No doubt Cornelia was having second thoughts on this “favor” for her old friend.
“Do you see there? Up ahead, in the light?”
The cut was only partially healed, though it had been made fourteen years ago. 
“Ah,” Cornelia muttered. “Just barely…”
As she waded through the water, the once-silent forest was filled with the sound of splashing.
“What made that mark?” Cornelia said.
“A sword…”
“A sword,” Cornelia repeated incredulously.
Indeed, swords were used only in sport or on display in museums.
“A sword cannot cut this,” Cornelia assured her.
“Then what could?”
“A pulse saw… a phase beam…”
“But those would leave different marks,” Raven said. “There would be burning. Sear-marks. Hollowed-out sections. Powerful weapons would not be so graceful. These are graceful cuts, Cornelia…”
Cornelia’s only answer was silence.

But they continued through the swampy undergrowth. They continued, and the silence persisted, and the sense they were not alone began to grow.
Cornelia, ever the aloof, composed scholar, clearly did not want to go ahead.
But Raven led her, through the cold waters, through the misting and drizzling rain, along the roots, across the gaps between the treetower trunks. They did not have to worry about assassin vines or the Klyss Killer Sloth. But a greater power was here, one she could not sense with her eyes but only her heart.
The incisions remained, only slightly healed, and like she did fourteen years ago, she followed them like a trail of breadcrumbs across the mucky, watery floor. The rain picked up. The air seemed to cool.
A storm was coming.


~

As lightning struck, briefly illuminating the forest floor in its blue light, the sight of the tablet which had puzzled Raven over the years at last came into view. At the sight of it, Raven paused, and Cornelia, cursing and splashing behind her, followed.
There was a sense of reverence to this place, a memory burned into her psyche, an experience branded into her soul. This was where her life took a new path. This was the place where it all began: how she’d been chased out of the respected University of Metropolis to the backwater of Meretrix. This was where it all started. This was the beginning of it all, where she’d gone from respected biologist to “kook” and “madwoman.” Did she dare approach the tablet? It was “sacred ground.”
She walked toward it, worried about how Cornelia would react, if she’d just call the writing chicken scratch or say it was left by human pranksters. 
She heard Cornelia splashing behind her. 
She reached the tablet, and saw that it was blank.
Her heart sank. She flushed in embarrassment. It was impossible.
The stone was featureless, without writing or carving. It was only stone.
She wanted to call back, to tell Cornelia to turn around, to say “there was nothing there.”
She regretted this trip. She regretted everything.
Cornelia at last reached her. There was no going back now.
“What is this?” Cornelia said. 
“The writing…” Raven was beside herself. “It was here… Fourteen years ago, it was here. I don’t understand…”
She had told stories to her friends. She had written about her experiences. And now it had all vanished before her eyes. How was it possible? Perhaps everyone was right… she was insane. She had snapped. 
But she saw it. It was there. It had to be…
Cornelia was staring at her in silence.
“It was there… fourteen years ago… I swear.”
“I’m sure it was.”
“Don’t patronize me…” Raven’s eyes were welling with tears.  How could it be? The markings were gone. Yet they had been etched into stone.
How could it have vanished? It couldn’t have. It was impossible.
“I’m not crazy,” Raven said. “I’m not insane. It was here… It was all here!”
“I’m sure it was,” Cornelia said.
Her friend thought she was crazy. The word would spread to all the universities, that her story was a lie. Would she ever find work again?
“Let’s go,” she mumbled.
The fear hadn’t left her, nor the pall which covered the swampy ground. She did not care about anything, anymore. She did not fear the assassin vines. She had been broken.

~

That night, in her hotel room on Lucius Skyport, there was a flash of lightning and the rain began to pour.  On the telnet in her hotel, she had been warned of the “Storm of the Century.”
The century had only just begun. But the clouds were dark shades of purple, and the wind was howling against the window.





Chapter Twenty-Eight

Under a glaring light, with an officer of the Mandate of Justice staring at him, Cruz sat on a stool and stammered. 
The officer called himself Junius.
He had fed Cruz nothing over the past day.
In a holding cell in the frigate, he had wasted away, with only water to fill his stomach. Torture was forbidden in the Dominion, or at least, it was supposed to be. But this was a punishment as cruel as any, and he did not have the information they wanted. Cruz was doomed to hard labor on Carceri, or execution.
Now, lacking sleep, weakened by hunger, he had once again been dragged into the interrogation room.
So much of the prior days had been a blur. They had given him injections; they had force fed him pills. He did not remember their questions. He remembered little, only flashes of pain, angry words, and a glaring light that hurt his eyes. It was a continuous nightmare, the only true memory the empty stomach, the sharp needles, the alternating heat and cold, the callous words of the inquisitor.
“Mr. Petroze,” Junius said.  “Don’t play games with us.”
He could not make out Junius’ face. He couldn’t make out anything past the light’s hot glare. 
“On December 14 of 3086, Waygate 908 was unlocked.
“It was part of your friend Amalia’s plot…”
“I barely knew her,” Cruz said.
But now they were interrogating him without serum. He began to make sense of just what they were asking… and its implications.
The Waygate had been opened without Cruz’s help. How was that possible?
Saturnine had escaped. He was alive. That is was what it all meant… 
“How did you open the Waygate from outside? How did you do it remotely?” Junius was shouting. “If you give us the technology, we will let you off free.” 
“I wish I knew,” Cruz said. “I wish I knew.” 
“Don’t play games with me,” Junius said. 
“I wish I knew,” Cruz was repeating it like a mantra.
One of his goons stepped forward, in front of the light. He had a needle in one hand and a finger-clamp in the other.
“It’s going to hurt if you don’t tell us,” Junius said. “It will all be over if you just tell us the truth. We will drop all charges and return you to your home in Pallas.”
At the sight of the clamps, he realized that somehow the prohibition on torture was bogus. Perhaps it had always been bogus.
“I will show you,” Cruz blurted out. “But I can’t tell you here.” He had always been a good fibber. “The technology… it’s on Meretrix. Even the Syndicate doesn’t know…”
The attendant slammed the clamps onto his fingers. 
He jabbed the needle into Cruz’s already pockmarked and bruised arm. “This will increase your sense of pain.”
He jerked the needle out, wincing at the pain, but the serum was already in him. 
When he touched the arms of the chair, he could feel every contour, every nook, every wrinkle, every scar. “Please,” he murmured. “Please, I beg of you.”
He wished he knew what happened. He wished he knew how the Waygate had opened from a distance. It wasn’t him. Perhaps a computer glitch had afforded Saturnine his escape… but whatever happened, it had nothing to do with Cruz. He had bailed on the mission. He had sold his stolen Mandate of Justice cruiser. He had tried to put everything behind him… but it all caught up to him.
How could he convince them of his bluff? How could he convince them? How could he get out of this?
The attendant tightened the finger clamps, so hard they were like a second layer of skin. Any tighter and they would crush them.
“The Mandate of Justice takes its work seriously,” said Junius. “Tell us, now. Don’t play games. You know what happened!”
Cruz’s friend had betrayed him… the friend he knew from long ago. He had delivered Cruz right into the enemy’s hands. Cruz had given him his trust, and he’d stabbed him in the back. 
“Tell us!”
The attendant’s hand went to the clamp.
“Wait!” Cruz shouted. Memories poured forth from years ago, memories he’d almost forgotten. “There were things happening then… things I didn’t understand. I was rescued. I fell hundreds of feet to the ground in Meretrix… I survived… I don’t know how to explain it.”
He had told them everything he knew, but he knew it wasn’t enough.
The clamp tightened, crushing his fingers. Cruz screamed. He would tell them anything they wanted to hear. But he knew nothing.





Chapter Twenty-Nine

Raven peered out the window. Sheets of rain were pouring from the sky; idlers were running to take shelter, struggling to keep their umbrellas upright in the face of the fierce winds. It was dusk, and the last bits of light were leaving. Darkness was falling over Lucius Skyport. Darkness was falling over Klyss, and over Raven.
Cornelia thought she was a madwoman, now. The word would spread, across the University of Metropolis and then throughout the wider System.
I am overthinking things. Perhaps she will keep quiet.
Lightning flashed and a crack of thunder rolled; someone outside, one of the few still remaining in the open, screamed. In the wind some of the ornamental trees planted beside the walkways bent and swayed at incredible angles. Raven couldn’t believe they didn’t crack in two.
She remembered that Tiberius Station was supported by the trunks of treetowers. If they could not resist the wind, if they could not overcome the storm of this new century, then Raven, Cornelia, and all inhabitants would die.
But treetowers were strong, stronger than steel pillars, more reliable than the sturdiest Metropolis skyrise. She did not have to fear this storm, even if it was the “storm of the century.” How often were the weathermen wrong, even in this age of unprecedented technology?
She turned back to the telnet, seeing that the weather had given way to the news, broadcast from the Grand Forum in Metropolis.  Gaius Marius this and Gaius Marius that. The consul of the Dominion had ambitious plans, but Raven’s colleagues in the universities complained of his increasing restrictions on speech, of his interference with academic freedom. He had set new restrictions on the airwaves and otherwise, especially restrictions on political speech and questioning the Dominion’s institutions. He had been beloved by academes when he started; now, that love was beginning to wear thin. He had posed as a great scholar, as a lover of science. He had graduated from the University of Metropolis, though long before Raven ever began teaching. But that mask had been removed.  Together with the Elder Council, more and more restrictive laws were being passed. There were certain articles that could not be published, certain words that were not welcome. If the Dominion continued down this path, Raven feared some of her fellow scholars would be thrown into jail.
Another spear of blue lightning sizzled, crackling in the distance. Thunder rolled as the trees twisted far in one direction and then far in the opposite. 
In the room, a pall began to grow. A chill ran down Raven’s spine. Goosebumps formed on her skin. She knew this feeling. She recognized it in an instant. She recognized it from long ago.
“Ghost,” she said.
When she turned around, he was standing there. He was no longer wearing armor. He was dressed head to toe in a hooded red cloak. The sword was buckled to his side.
Why was she not surprised to find him standing there?
“What are you doing in my room?” Raven said.
Ghost lifted the hood from his face, and for the first time Raven saw him for who he was.
He was dark, and his eyes seemed to have the luster of gold to them. His hair was gray as ash. Whatever he was, he did not look entirely human. His eyes were old. They had seen much trouble. They had seen many decades, perhaps much more than that.
The fear began to taper away.
“Who are you, Ghost?” Raven said.
“You’ve come back to see me,” Ghost answered.
“Not for you,” Raven said. “I didn’t come back for you. I came back for answers. I didn’t find them.”
Raven drew the curtains as the wind changed directions and the rain began to pelt the window.
“Why are you here, Ghost?” Raven said.
“The same reason I was here all those years ago,” Ghost answered. “As a warning.”
“A warning,” Raven repeated. 

~

When Raven ordered caratch from the front desk, an attendant came back fifteen minutes later with two piping hot cups on a plate.
“Thank you,” Raven said, took it, and shut the door.
On a table near the telnet screen, Ghost had taken a seat. 
“What is this?” Ghost said.
“You’ve been in the System how long?” Raven said. “Surely you’ve had caratch.”
“I haven’t touched it,” Ghost answered.
Raven wasn’t sure if she believed him. There was something strange about Ghost, both in his appearance and his mannerisms, but who couldn’t resist a hot cup of caratch? Everyone, rich and poor, enjoyed it. It was the great equalizer. Everyone got to share in its pleasure.
Perhaps he was truly alien, and had not been in the System long. Perhaps he was not human at all, and this disguise was the best his witchery could come up with.
Raven took a seat across from him and set the plate down. “Have a sip, Ghost,” she said. “Try it. You’ll like it.”
Ghost took the cup and rubbed the rim with his finger. There was a cold gust, a spark of frost.
“You’re supposed to take it hot,” Raven insisted. “Now you won’t enjoy it.”
“I’ll see,” Ghost answered. He took a sip off the rim and winced. “It’s sweet.”
Raven smiled. “You don’t like it sweet?”
“Raven,” Ghost began, “would it surprise you to know I haven’t eaten or drunk anything for a century? No sustenance, for more than a hundred years?”
“You want me to believe you are a centenarian?” Raven laughed. There were some things even she could not believe. Even a kook like her had a hard time with that. The oldest woman in the Metropolis’s history lived to be ninety-nine. Once, humans had lived longer, but the air of the city-world degraded one’s body. Its orange smog was omnipresent, eating away at one’s lungs. It was incurable.
Ghost did not look old at all. Perhaps, his supposed powers kept him young.
But that, as a former biologist, was hard to believe for Raven. How could the ravages of time not affect someone? All creatures died. Therions, birds, bugs… they all perished. Death reached everyone. In better times, humans lived upwards of a hundred years. That Ghost broke the mold was not impossible; that he had not aged a bit was a trifle harder to believe.
“You are saying you are a hundred years old… or more.” Raven was repeating herself, perhaps out of incredulity. 
“I am older than a hundred,” Ghost said. “What would you say if I told you I was born three-hundred and thirty-six years ago?”

~

The night deepened, and the storm was only worsening. Outside the wind howled like a banshee. Raven wondered how sturdy Tiberius Station was, though it was hooked to the treetowers. Lightning cracked and sizzled; rain was pouring in torrents.  This was the “storm of the century,” a century that was only weeks old. Raven wondered if it would hold that title for the next hundred years. She turned to Ghost, looking into his golden eyes, and wondered if he would live to find out.
“You came here to warn humanity,” Raven said. “That’s what you told me. But you didn’t warn humanity… you warned me.”
Ghost was staring at her blankly. He wanted to say something, but would not.
“You haven’t touched your caratch,” Raven went on.
Ghost looked at the porcelain cup. Though he’d cooled it, he hadn’t taken a sip. “I fear if I drink something for the first time in one-hundred years, it may upset my stomach.”
The torrential rain on the rooftop began to die down in its intensity. Lightning lit up the window, through the curtains, and the gales continued.
Raven sized Ghost up. “You were here to warn me. Tell me what you wanted to warn me about.”
“I fear,” Ghost said, “that if I tell you…”
Again he set down the porcelain cup. There was no convincing him of caratch’s benefits.
“There is one coming,” he continued. “The Bringer of Destruction… the destroyer of worlds…”






Chapter Thirty

Torture was illegal. Cruz had held firm to his honest denials; they had removed the finger clamps. They had placed him back in his cell again. They could not, by law, torture him.
He had nothing else to say. He had told a lie, that he knew how the Waygate had opened, how Saturnine escaped. But he did not know. Amalia was wiser than anyone expected. Somehow, she had managed to do the impossible. It was not on Cruz.
Cruz had sold the Mandate of Justice cruiser; he had tried to put his criminal life behind him. Cruz had nothing to do with Saturnine. He had nothing to do with any of it.
Now he was in his cold cell, hungry. There was surely a murder charge awaiting him. He could not handle life in Carceri, working the mines and dying of black-lung. He had to get out, somehow.
He remembered his miraculous fall in Meretrix, how the wind somehow swept him safely to the ground. Could that same force ferry him to safety now?
He should never have murdered the Inquisitor. He should have complied with them. He should have handed Amalia over to them; she was doomed to die, anyway.
He could make futile judgments now, in his cell. All those years ago, he’d made a decision. Now he had to live with it.

The walls and floors of the prison were white marble; the ceilings, a bright shade of white. All was immaculately clean.
Across from Cruz, in a cell opposite his, a man was snoring. He had the look of a soldier to him, with his short haircut. But like Cruz, he was dressed in plain orange, the mark of a prisoner.
Cruz walked up to the edge of his cell, grasped the cold steel bars which separated him from his fellow inmate.
They were in a military frigate, designed for combat. Cruz wondered what this young man’s crime was. Perhaps, he’d spoken out against Gaius Marius. Perhaps he’d disobeyed an order. He surely hadn’t done as much as Cruz had… the taking of a life of a high ranking official, of an Inquisitor. Perhaps, he’d get out of a life term in Carceri.
If Cruz got out of this cell, if he escaped from the frigate, he would take his revenge on his old friend Xan. He would do triple what Xan tried to do to him. By the time Cruz was done with him, he would be praying for a quick death.





Chapter Thirty-One

In her dark room in a hotel in Lucius Skyport, Raven had stretched her arm out and offered Ghost her hand.
He was tracing the lines of her palm and muttering quietly to himself in a language she did not understand. He had insisted on it.
“You said someone was coming… What did you mean?”
Ghost sat up and set her palm on the table.
She had not touched her caratch, she’d been so engrossed in Ghost’s words. Now it was cold and useless. What would the caratch jerks think?
There was someone in her room. Perhaps the hotel management expected a tryst. But Ghost’s interests were never in the carnal. He did not want Raven’s love; he wanted to warn her. But of what, he still failed to explain. She did not understand him. She did not comprehend what he was trying to tell her.
“Ghost,” she said. “Tell me.”
“Sorcery is a powerful tool,” Ghost said. “It is more powerful than any weapon humans possess. It is more powerful than the frigate. It affects the very fibers of reality. In the wrong hands, it would corrupt.
“There have been Sorcerers from the beginning, ever since life emerged in the universe. One prophecy has been held from the beginning, one truth we hold dear. The universe has a beginning; and what has a beginning has an end. 
“The bringer of the end will come from humanity. From Old Terra. From ‘New Rome.’ He will be human. There will be anger and vengeance in his heart.  He is coming, Raven. He has already been born.
“He will rule the universe with an iron fist, until he destroys it. Unless we can stop him. Unless I can stop him. That is why I was sent here, to your System. To meet him in battle. To defeat the Bringer of Destruction before it is too late…”
Ghost seemed so earnest, so serious. Raven still did not fully understand. Perhaps, deep within herself, she did not truly believe.
“There is already anger in his heart… hatred nursed for grievances. He will come for us, and leave destruction in his wake. Unless I can stop him, Raven. Unless I can end him before he ends everything…”
Ghost’s face was twisted in a panic; a frenzy had overcome him.
“The Bringer of Destruction.” Raven repeated his words.
“He is coming… he is coming with anger and with vengeance in his heart.” Ghost’s tone left no room for doubt.





Chapter Thirty-Two

Far away, across life years, across a distance that would take generations to span, the Red Planet made its journey around the glow of its sun.
Rex stood on the edge of a cliff, peering at its brilliant sheen, though he’d been warned not to.
They had not seen the Retriever in days. If Slayer knew of their presence, he had not yet acquired video proof. 
Rex and Stultus had taken all their things, of which there were very few. They had left the haunt they’d resided in for three years during Rex’s training, and now, they’d loaded everything into packs. Their scant possessions were all on their backs. The Retriever would have a hard time following.
Stultus put a hand on Rex’s shoulder. “Look away, boy. You will be a powerful Sorcerer one day, but the light of the sun will blind you too.”
Rex had been sensing something about the sun, something he did not fully understand. Its light seemed changed. Its energy seemed diminished. At last, he looked away. His eyes burned; he squinted and tears rolled down his cheeks. 
He had grown unsettled. The Retriever was nowhere to be seen; he couldn’t hear the footpads of its insectoid legs anywhere nearby. And yet he knew, somehow, that Slayer had discovered them. He knew the Red Planet was not empty, as he’d thought it had been for centuries. He recalled when he was a child, scared and alone, when he’d looked into Slayer’s eyes in a dream, and Slayer had looked back.
He could not say for sure if Slayer truly saw him, if he was truly aware of Rex in his childlike state all those years ago. But he knew what he had felt back then, and what he continued to feel each time that memory resurged: a cold feeling in his gut, a momentary panic, a fear that his life was at an end. Slayer was too powerful for him. Rex could not defeat him yet. He wondered if he ever could.
Stultus took his hand and jerked him away. “We are not safe now. We must continue until the Retriever is out of reach…”
Rex followed his teacher down from the cliff, toward the Red Planet’s rolling, rust-colored plains. He could sense the fear in his teacher, not just by Sorcery but in the tone of his voice. He knew the fact a Retriever had been sent at all was a deadly sign that they’d been compromised. Their secret was no longer hidden. Stultus had hidden away here for many years; he had called Rex out of the System he’d known. Rex thought they had operated in total secrecy, at least, until now.
Was his training at risk? Would he never become a master at Sorcery? If Slayer came now, he could not overcome him. He was not strong enough, at least not yet.
Quickened by Sorcery, Stultus and Rex fled through the plains at a brisk clip. They could not outrun a Retriever, but they could be close.

~

Late in the day, Stultus and Rex stopped their journey by a series of sulfuric pools.
They were steaming and the egg-like scent was nauseating to the nose. In yellow, brown and green, the liquid bubbled and boiled. In one pool a jet shot up, spewing out the caustic liquid.
Under their feet the Red Planet was still active. Slayer had blasted the once-green planet into oblivion with his weapons, until the natives perished, but the Red Planet was not just a hunk of dead rock. Its potential for life was still there. Perhaps, one day, the destruction would be reversed; perhaps one day, the harsh red rock would bloom once more.
“Do you think we lost it?” Rex said as Stultus began to set his pack down.
“I don’t know,” Stultus said. “Retrievers are thorough…”
The twilight was setting in; the sky had begun to fade in shades of blue and yellow. Rex did not want to sleep tonight. He wanted to remain alert. He could not let his guard down. He couldn’t leave anything to chance, like Stultus would. 
He had to remain alive. He had to fight… but not for the reasons Stultus thought.
The shade of blue was the color of his mother’s wedding dress. He still remembered the pictures. He remembered everything. Those memories, and every memory, were burned into his mind. He could not forget. He would never forget what Gaius Marius had done to him.
Stultus had set out his sleeping pack.
“I’m not going to kill Slayer,” Rex said. Anger was building inside him. “I’m not going to do it.”
“Don’t start this again…”
Rex grumbled some curse. “Don’t start this again…” His mother would say something like that. Stultus was not his mother. He had no right to speak to him like that. He was a free agent. He had a free will.
“I could return home… I could seek my revenge.” He was speaking to himself.
But Stultus rose up behind him. “How will you get home, Rex?” The old friendly tone was gone; he was acerbic, derisive. “You have no way of getting there…”
Rex turned to his teacher. He no longer looked the same. He did not truly care for Rex. He only wanted to use him as a tool.
He turned and walked away, into the deepening twilight. “I will be back,” he told Stultus, though he wasn’t sure if he spoke the truth.

~

As the cold set in, memories flooded back to him.
He had never been terribly close to his father, a man who’d made millions in asteroid mining. His father had left him with attendants. His father had been unfaithful to his mother. Rex had seen firsthand his betrayals.
It was his mother’s death that most angered him. His mother had been innocent. His mother had done nothing wrong. It was Katerine Saturnine that Gaius Marius had chosen to kill.  He could have left her alone. But Gaius Marius had so hated Rex’s father that he wanted to kill his entire family… Rex included.
He had succeeded, against all odds. He had managed to vaporize every last one of them. Every last one… except Rex. He probably didn’t know that his last victim had escaped. He probably knew nothing.





Chapter Thirty-Three

The door to Cruz’s cell swung open. A soldier stood there in military gear, his hair closely cropped. There was a phase rifle in his hand, but he was out of his armor, wearing black clothing.  At the sight of him, Cruz sat up from his cot. 
“Mr. Petroize,” he said. “Come with me.”

~

They did not return to the interrogation room, but instead a separate room, one much more comfortable. There was no glaring light. A couch lay in the corner, on the edge of the room, with a table. A telnet was turned to the news. 
“Have a seat,” the soldier said, and Cruz obliged.
On the table in front of the couch, several magazines were spread out for perusal: one on geography, one on fiction, another on planetary travel. Cruz wasn’t interested in any of it. What he wanted was a glass of hard liquor, and an evening out on his porch back home in Pallas. That was not what awaited him, however. What awaited him was a long prison term in Carceri, unless he could wriggle his way out of this mess. 
He’d had friends who ended up in Carceri… members of the Syndicate who failed to be careful enough, who did not cover their tracks. He had never seen them again. On that prison moon, the inmates were set to hard labor, even if it was futile. Few lasted ten years. Most, at the end of one, yearned for death. But death evaded them; the slavedrivers whipped them with cords. They slept in padded rooms. They would work until their bodies gave out, until their exhaustion reached their apogee. Carceri was worse than a death sentence. 
But Cruz did not want death. He had something to live for… vengeance.
He could not forget Xan’s betrayal. He would never forget it. A member of the Syndicate was sworn to secrecy; snitches paid with their lives. Xan had earned his trust and squandered it. Cruz would never forgive or forget. 
The Inquisitor from before, Junius, entered the room. “Mr. Petroize,” he said. “We are letting you go.”
Cruz looked up in shock. “What do you mean?”
“We are putting you on the first flight to Pallas. Collect your things and prepare to depart the SS Morningstar. You may find them at the end of the prison block.” Junius turned to leave.
“Why?” Cruz said. Had he been the recipient of yet another miracle?
Junius met his gaze. His eyes retained their icy blue sheen. “Sometimes,” Junius said, “law gets in the way of justice. But we will have proof soon enough; and you can expect another visit someday, Mr. Petroize.”

~

Cruz, or Mr. Petroize as these military types liked to call him, found his clothes cleaned and folded neatly on a table. His shoes looked like they had been polished. His credit chip and commlink were untouched.
He could not believe his luck. Or was it luck? 
He had murdered an Inquisitor in cold blood; he had blasted him to dust with a phase pistol. He had escaped in his miraculous fall. But what had happened then? In that strange occurrence, which he still did not understand, had documents been lost? Had the trail gone cold? Perhaps, all traces of that event had been wiped away. 

~

The cruiser jetted away from the SS Morningstar, bound for Pallas. As it launched into hyperspace, Cruz looked out the window from his holding cell, watching the stars and sights of the rim of the System dissipate into a blur. Perhaps, he’d never fully understand why he was let go. But one thing was certain: Xan would regret the Mandate of Justice’s mercy.





Chapter Thirty-Four

It was late at night, on the second day after Ghost’s arrival. Cornelia had left for Metropolis, no doubt to spread word about her crazy friend.
In the room of the hotel, Raven could hear the storm continue, though it had died down from the prior day’s rage.
Ghost had drunk his first cup of caratch and spit it out into the toilet. The second time, he was able to swallow a little bit. Raven had begun to believe his claims, that he hadn’t eaten in a century, that somehow, through the power of his Sorcery, he no longer needed sustenance. Somehow, forces beyond human understanding kept him alive. But they were eating him. Raven could see in his gray, withered skin, his golden eyes that had seen countless calamities, that though he was alive, he was only a hanger-on. The power was sustaining him, but his body was not up to the task. His power was great; he could overcome the best of soldiers. But he was dying while he lived.
The power that sustained him, that allowed him to do impossible things, was not enough to halt the decay of his body. Perhaps, he could hang on for millennia like this, but he was wasting away.
Now I really sound like a kook.
Ghost had bundled himself up in a blanket from one of the twin beds. It seemed nothing could warm him sufficiently. Raven had been taking care of him these days, though he did not want food or water. He was afraid of the task he said he’d been given. “The Bringer of Destruction” was coming, he said. Raven wasn’t so sure.
Raven walked over to the window. The rain was not as violent as before, but it was still coming down in harsh torrents. Those who ventured outside hurried from place to place, with an umbrella barely clutched in hand. The so-called “Storm of the Century” continued. 
“Ghost,” she said.
“What is it?” he answered.
“I am a professor, a scholar. Do you know what that is?” She pivoted to face him.
Ghost only stared at her.
“I am trying to prove—” She could not finish her sentence. It was a futile request. Ghost was not a street magician, willing to display his powers to the skeptics.
Raven would only have to resign to what her pursuits had given her. She would never recover her reputation. It was lost.
“I should go,” Raven said. “You have a mission… and so do I.”

~

That night, in her ship, Raven left the world for home. Her mind was heavy with the thought of Ghost’s words, and if they held meaning. If it was true that “one was coming” who would destroy the universe, then was there any point in continuing her studies, in trying to prove there was a universe beyond sight, beyond scientific observation?
When she returned to her home on the edge of the University of Meretrix campus, she hung her coat on the rack. Cornelia hadn’t spoken a word to her since then. Now, more than ever, Raven would be a pariah. The events she’d undergone, everything, it would all be hung around her neck. Perhaps the professorship would be lost. She walked into her bedroom, into her bathroom. She straightened her hair. She hadn’t showered in days. Tomorrow, she would have to face the crowds. She was gone from her responsibilities at the university for at least a few months, but she would run into her colleagues. Word would spread.
She looked into her eyes, bearing the scars of many decades, of disappointments and successes. Strands of silver marred her once ebon hair.
Could she show her face in public now?
As she ran a brush through her hair, she thought to herself. How could the writing on that stone tablet disappear? Had she seen anyone besides herself interact with Ghost?
Was it possible she was crazy? Was it possible all the things she’d seen were hallucinations? Anything was possible.


She took a long, hot shower and followed it with a steam bath. She slipped on her bathrobe. She had been refreshed, cleansed of all the sweat and grime that had accumulated on the journey home. But worries hung over her. She remembered the words of Ghost.
Who was the one he’d warned her of? Who was the Bringer of Destruction? She had to find out.


~

Raven stepped out the next morning into the Meretrix smog. On some worlds, the morning air was crisp and refreshing, filling you with the hope of a new day. But years of pollution that no one could seem to cure had built up in Meretrix’s atmosphere. The exhaust of speeders and hovercars made living here difficult. Its air was worse than even Metropolis. It was difficult for Raven to get used to, and after years here teaching at the University of Meretrix, it seemed to get worse and not better. After all, Raven was aging; her body could not handle certain things as well as it could in the past. So many of her fellow professors retired to Pallas in their older years, but she had nowhere near the financial means.
Outside, on the sidewalk, a hovercar swept by.
How could she learn the identity of this “Bringer of Destruction?” There were no texts to speak of, no books written about the so-called Sorcerers, and no one who would take her seriously.
A hoverbus skidded around the corner, spreading mud on the sidewalk and nearly soiling Raven’s shoes. Some of the pedestrians near her cursed and flipped their fingers. Raven stumbled backward.
There was a telnet on every street corner on Meretrix, beaming in the Metropolis News Network in its 24-hour, publicly funded coverage. As she made her way down the street, heading to her favorite breakfast joint, she caught sight of a screen. Consul Gaius Marius was giving a speech to the Elder Council. “G. Marius condemns ‘the doubters and the rebellious amongst us,’” read the chyron. The telnet had no sound, and if it did it would have been swallowed by the noise and chaos of the city, but Raven could tell something big was happening. The consul did not regularly address the Elder Council. She wondered what news she hadn’t heard on the way to Meretrix, what she had grown ignorant of. Was a crisis brewing among the tenuous federation of planets?


At The Corner Diner, Raven ordered two eggs over-easy, a therion breakfast steak, and a piping hot cup of caratch. She almost forgot to ask the waitress for a newsreel, but caught her before she returned to the kitchen.
The newsreel appeared on the table screen, the front page of the Metropolitan Daily Courier.
It was not a government outfit, but one of those few newsreels which remained in private hands. The Elder Council and the Mandate of Justice still exerted extreme influence, but not total control. Of all newsreels in Metropolis, this was the one that Raven trusted most.
At the top of the front page, in bold black letters, the headline proclaimed: “Terrorist attack thwarted in Elder Council Chambers.”
As she read the article, the waitress came by first with her caratch and then with her breakfast plate, but she ignored her, engrossed in reading.
The terrorist had tried to load a bomb into a cart, hoping to assassinate Gaius Marius.
The motive, it said, was “Saturninism.”
A supporter of Saturnine had remembered his exile and prosecution, years ago. This was his act of revenge.
Moreover, the article said, a cell of terrorists was suspected, hiding out throughout Metropolis’ sea of skyrises. That, no doubt, was what prompted Gaius Marius’ speech to the Elder Council.
As Raven’s attention turned from the newsreel, she knew in her heart what this would mean: more restrictions, more spying, and more arrests, as the once-august Dominion turned into a police state. Soon, the Mandate of Justice would exert their control over every university, over every professor and lecturer, until no one could defy Gaius Marius. Raven was fully aware that she could be next.





Chapter Thirty-Five

The beginning of the end for Xan was when he handed over his old friend, Cruz, to the Mandate of Justice.
As Cruz exited the ship onto Pallas’ green earth, he stooped over and grabbed the grass, letting the dirt pass through his fingers. Kneeling down, he realized how close he’d been to a term in Carceri.
Somehow, they did not know he’d been responsible for murdering an Inquisitor all those years ago. Perhaps, it was one more of those miracles in that strange era, just before the century turned, just as Saturnine inexplicably escaped and Amalia’s plan somehow succeeded. When he’d fallen all those stories to the ground level of Meretrix, he’d been rescued in more ways than one.
Now he was back in Pallas, in the greenest world in the System. They’d placed him on the outskirts of Oswalda, a short walk away from his home.
“Mr. Petroize?”
The voice from behind startled him out his contemplation. He stood up and turned around, then waved farewell to the soldier.
“Goodbye, sir.”
He walked away into the lantern-lit streets. He was home, but he had changed. Nothing for him would ever be the same.

~

Xan, last Cruz knew, had been a drifter, without any clear home, shuttling from planet to planet aboard the SMS Outremer, wherever Syndicate work took him. He slept on the bunk in the Outremer, when he wasn’t able to find lodgings. He would be hard to track.
But Cruz still had contacts in the shady Syndicate world. He had friends, but now, he wasn’t sure if he could trust them. If Xan, the man he’d been closest to in his Syndicate years, could sell out Cruz for a sum of money, who in the System could he trust? There was no one he could trust, except himself.
He walked the shady lanes, under the streetlights, until he reached his small but prim and proper house. The lights were off, and the darkness was total. 
He had that same sick feeling in his gut, the one he’d felt on the night of his capture; but now he knew, for all intents and purposes, he was safe. The Mandate of Justice had failed to send him to Carceri. He did not know what god or force to pray to or thank, but Cruz was a free man, and he would not break his back in the mines, or worse.


When the keycard opened the front door and Cruz walked in, there was disarray.
Couches and tables had been overturned; shelves had been opened. The refrigerator door was ajar.
His house had been thoroughly searched, and not cleaned up. No doubt, it had been left this way. But they had not found what they wanted. There was no incriminating evidence. No charges had been brought, no trial set; Cruz was not on a shuttle to Carceri.
With a sigh, Cruz set to work cleaning up his house and putting things back in their places. The process would take hours. But soon all would be back to normal… almost everything. The fury in his heart would never die until he brought Xan to justice.

~

Early the next morning, when the red-gold light of dawn filtered through the windows, Cruz awoke, heart pounding. Memories of his time aboard the frigate, memories of Xan’s betrayal, echoed in his mind. What if Xan found out he’d been released? What would he do then?
Cruz had to find him. The first thing he needed was a ship to take him off Pallas. His money was sunk into this house in Oswalda which, though small in size, could pay for a ship if he leveraged it. 


After showering, he came to the kitchen, and half heartedly prepared himself a meal.
Was it really worth it? Would he really throw all this away for the sake of revenge?
He remembered Xan’s smirking face. He remembered the fear he’d felt when the Inquisitor threatened torture.
Cruz would kill Xan, and take all of his ill gotten gains. He had tried to throw Cruz in Carceri. Cruz would never forget. He would never forgive his old friend.

~


A month passed, and as the weather grew warmer, white blossoms began to appear amid the green grass. The ranchers outside the village of Oswalda had let their therion out to graze. Spring was in the air, and Cruz’s allergies had begun to flare up. There were festivals coming up, and everyone in town would gather in the village square. It was the most beautiful time of the year for Oswalda.
Cruz, standing in his yard, gawked at the purple mountain peaks in the distance, still capped with snow. This was why he returned to Pallas, to forget his past. But his past was something he could never fully leave behind. It would pursue him at all hours.
He had hoped to live a pastoral life, to ski in the resorts in the mountains outside Amethysta; but it was not to be. He was a Syndicate man. There were too many skeletons in his closet. There were too many secrets he had to hide, too many thefts, too many suspicious transactions. It had been a foolish proposition to think anything else. Cruz Petroize was not meant to live a regular life. He could not hide away from his problems; he could not erase the thirty years that preceded this. He had been a wanted man for a long time; now he was to be an avenger, an angel of death.
On the twelfth day after the spring solstice, Cruz’s little cottage in Oswalda was sold. Three million credits returned to Cruz’s account. He would use it to buy the most advanced ship possible.

~

On the levtrain to Amethysta, Cruz—secluded in his chamber—removed his phase pistol from its holster, rubbing the metal with his finger. It was cold to the touch, but soon, it would be the instrument of justice; it would deliver the killing blast to Xan.
As the train sped away from Oswalda, Cruz grabbed his commlink and dialed an old friend. 
Prue had been his point man in the Meretrix operations of the Syndicate. Cruz had assisted him as he extorted the Treasurer of Meretrix, blackmailing him with proof of an affair. Prue had been in charge of the gun running and the sale of Dust throughout the streets of Meretrix. He would know just where Xan had gone off to.
The commlink buzzed for what seemed like minutes.
Then a voice answered: “Cruz.”
At the sound of his voice, panic overwhelmed Cruz. This was a bad idea. He could not trust Xan. He could not trust anyone.
“It’s been a long time,” Prue continued. “I thought you left our organization entirely. Where are you?”
He did not trust Prue, not anymore. He did not trust him any more than Xan.
“Aboard the frigate… please send someone to help. I don’t have time.” It was the first lie that Cruz thought of.
“I thought you were released,” Prue said.
Cruz hung up the commlink. What was he thinking?  If he asked Prue about Xan, it would raise alarms.
Perhaps, he wasn’t thinking at all.
The commlink buzzed and Prue’s name appeared on the receiver. Cruz’s hands slipped as he pressed to turn it off. But he thought better of it. He did not want to arouse suspicion, any more than he already had.
When he answered, Prue’s voice greeted him: “Are you okay, Cruz?”
“I… I am…” Cruz ‘s voice was a little shaky. In better days, in his youth, lies rolled off the top of his tongue as smoothly as silk. Now he was rattled, untrusting of old friends, worried they would sell him out for a few credits, worried the Syndicate itself had turned into Cruz’s enemy. “I’m sorry… it’s been a daze over these weeks. Sometimes, I still think I’m locked up.”
Prue laughed. “You know, Cruz, that the Syndicate will always welcome you back…”
It was an offer Cruz could, and would, refuse.
“We heard Xan sold you out,” Prue continued. “He’s been expelled from the Syndicate. Persona non grata.”
Cruz didn’t trust him. But there was warmth in his voice; the warmth that came from hearing an old friend. “Xan,” Cruz began, “he was perfectly happy to see me sent to Carceri. Have you seen him around?”
Perhaps it was too forward, but Prue answered: “Last I heard, he was at Vitellius Station.

~

On the outskirts of the System, so far it was in reach of the Wasters, Vitellius Station was one of the few refueling spots that could be found. Cruz had been there only once before, in passing. There was little to see, just a refueling station, a cafeteria, and rooms for travelers to stay in.
It made sense that Xan would be there, flitting from place to place. It would make sense if the Syndicate was after him, that he was hiding there, in that isolated spot in the depths of space.


At a dealer in Amethysta, a cruiser was on sale for two-point-seven million. No phase cannons were sold; such instruments had been made illegal by the Mandate of Justice decades ago. There was no defending yourself against the Wasters anymore; now, the Mandate of Justice was supposed to do that.
“We are all at the mercy of Gaius Marius,” Cruz’s neighbor had once told him. “We are not to speak poorly of the dictator.”
Cruz was not quite so cynical. Gaius Marius was not a dictator yet; he still had to answer to the Elder Council. Although the Elder Council was little more than a rubber stamp, he could not yet issue diktats or decrees. He had aspirations, however, and a vengeful streak. The way he spoke of his enemies, especially of the Saturninists, echoed the memory of the System’s worst tyrants. 


The cruiser was equipped with a hyperspace engine, a gravity well,  and a full climate control system. It was state of the art, even if it was second hand. If Cruz wanted to outfit phase cannons, he’d have to speak with his old Syndicate friends. That, however, was becoming a more and more remote possibility. Perhaps, he could find out how to do it himself on the telnet. For now, he would have to fly in his vulnerability, unable to match the weapons Xan possessed. But one way or another, Cruz would have his revenge. One day, soon, he would aim his phase pistol, and turn Xan into smoking dust. Soon, vengeance would be his.
“Mr. Petroize.” The attendant came up to him with a tablet in hand. “There’s a hold on your name. You may not buy or sell spacecraft. I’m sorry…”
The cruiser was gleaming, with a fresh coat of paint. Cruz had the money. Had it really come to this?
Perhaps, he shouldn’t have been surprised. The Mandate of Justice had let him off, but there was no mercy in their hearts. There would be no forgiveness for Cruz; he had defied them, and against the odds, prevailed.
“Sir,” Cruz said, “Can I have a word in private?”
The attendant led Cruz through the hangar. Buyers and salesmen alike crowded the floor. A family was among them, the father asking questions about an oversized cruiser. There were others, too: a single young man asking questions about a private spacecraft, a pair of women inquiring about a hovervan. 
In a private office, the attendant shut the door.
He was a dealer and a seller, likely experienced. Perhaps he knew what was coming.
“Like you,” Cruz said, “I am a businessman. I think I can make you an offer you won’t be able to easily refuse.”
The attendant stirred uncomfortably in his seat.
“Two-point-seven million in cash, and I’ll give you three hundred grand to keep quiet.” How could anyone refuse an offer like Cruz’s? Surely, not a poor worker like this.
“I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave,” the attendant said.
“I can give you more…” 
“Another word,” the attendant sneered, “and I will call the Royal Police. The Grand Duke of Pallas answers to the Mandate of Justice. You are forbidden from buying a spacecraft.”

~

The streets of Amethysta were paved with white stones. The sky was clear and blue, and though hovercars and hoverbuses flew about, giving up their exhaust, the air here was cleaner and fresher than anywhere in the System. It was why most members of the Elder Council and ex-consuls came here to retire. There was no better place than the Emerald Planet, if you had the money.
Of course, that did not tell the entire story. There were many poor here, scraping by. Cruz, after all, had been born here to a ranch hand and a cleaning maid.
They’d never owned a house, like Cruz now did. There was bracing poverty, living side-by-side with ostentatious wealth.
Was Cruz stuck here?
He lingered by the corner of the street as pedestrians ambled by. Had his mission of vengeance come to naught? He had sold his house, in haste. He had liquefied all his assets and now, had no way of leaving the Emerald Planet. His hopes of getting revenge were fading fast. Up above a bank, an advertisement was glowing in blues and whites: a shuttle service through all points of the System.
Cruz had a shot. Perhaps one ship was headed to Vitellius Station. There was a small chance.

~

Outside Amethysta Spaceways, a mass arrest was underway. The red and blue lights of the Royal Police were blazing on a hovercar. Law enforcement was slamming handcuffs on a group of people and discarding their signs. One read “My voice was taken from me!” 
“Long live Saturnine!” a woman was screaming as a policeman dragged her across the street.
How strange that fourteen years later, Saturninists still remembered what they thought was done to them. They had been urban poor and rural poor, more or less disenfranchised across the System as the rich bought up bigger and bigger estates. Saturnine had promised to tax the rich at exorbitant rates and give the money to them. They had been lied to. There was no way the Elder Council would agree to that. There was no way the elites of Metropolis would allow it. They had been hoodwinked by a rich man with vast delusions of his own. Now, they indeed had no voice. But it was time for them to move on.
As they were loaded into the police hovercars, Cruz paused on the other side of the road. He didn’t need to get into the middle of this scene. He didn’t need to cause a stir.
He waited as they were dragged away, likely to pay fines and be on their way… but the blemish would remain on their criminal record. Once, not long ago, protests were a right. But the Elder Council and Gaius Marius was cracking down on Saturninism. Lately, it seemed Saturninism had begun to flare up more and more.
Who could someone remember an event of so long ago, and risk arrest and violence? Saturnine was gone. He had escaped into the vast breadth of space. Who knew where he was now? In all likelihood, he was dead. There were other systems beside the one Cruz knew, but few had any propensity for life. Perhaps in that miraculous era, when strange things were happening to Cruz and others, Saturnine had found refuge; but Cruz doubted it. He was gone, and he would never return. The Saturninists needed to lay down their arms and accept defeat.
Sporadically, throughout the preceding years, there had been bombings and murders. It seemed lately, for whatever reasons, these terrorist attacks had spiraled into an omnipresent menace. It was good that Gaius Marius had begun the crackdown. The common people of the System did not deserve to live in fear.
But as he watched the Saturninists dragged away, weeping and wailing, a thought came over Cruz. These people, who had nothing, had made one last effort to improve their lives. They had been vanquished. They had their last best hope snuffed out from underneath them. That was why they remembered. That was why they fought.
What worth were his promises now, now that Saturnine was gone? He would never return. The travails of outer space had claimed him. Fourteen years was too long for any to survive. The galaxy was a wild and hostile place.
Cruz was no softy. He had, at the orders of the Syndicate, carried out hits and run Dust throughout the System’s cities. But something like sorrow, something like sympathy, touched his heart as these hopeless Saturninists were carried away. No doubt they had no means to fight their sentences, no way to pay attorneys. They would be bankrupted for the crime of holding up a sign.
It had not always been that way in Pallas. It had not always been that way in the System. Gaius Marius had called Saturnine an autocrat and a dictator; now, as consul, he was turning into one.


Eventually the protesters, weeping and wailing, had been dragged away on hovercars by the Amethysta Royal Police. Pallas was virtually controlled by the Mandate of Justice and the Consul; it had no real sovereignty. The Dominion gained power through their client king, the Grand Duke, and the Grand Duke received in return total control of his people.
Inside the station, on screens, were the destinations available to travelers along with their fares.
There were shuttles to Meretrix, Urunao, Klyss and Ageron, along with many dozens bound for Metropolis. Standing there among the swarms of people, rich and poor, Cruz scanned the bright green letters for any sign of Vitellius Station.
Few wanted to go to the edge of the System, far from human contact, in a space station that was perilously close to the Wasters. How safe was a place so unprotected, such easy prey for the madmen who patrolled the System’s nether regions? It was no wonder Cruz couldn’t see the name on the ticker.
Telnets were spread out below the tickers, each tuned to the same channel, the Metropolitan News Network. Though tuned silent, the chyron bore witness to the news of the day: “Rebellion erupts in Meretrix.”
On the screen, amid the orange smog that Cruz knew so well, the sight of police cars burning were pictured, and rioters spilling out into the streets.
 





Chapter Thirty-Six

Saturninists. The damn Saturninists.
Raven could no longer safely leave her home. Even in the university campus, she feared danger. 
The riots had consumed the Gamblers’ Moon like a flood. They had emerged from nowhere.
The violence had sprung forth while Raven was at a caratch shop with friends. Out of nowhere, the crowds spilled out, swarming the streets, demanding the reinstatement of a man who was dead.
Saturnine was gone; he would never return. “Justice!” they shouted. “Justice!”
They wanted justice, and for them, justice meant Gaius Marius locked up in Carceri, the Elder Council purged, the government dissolved and reconstituted. Raven, as an academic, had feared Gaius Marius’ authoritarianism; she feared the anger and vacuousness of the mob far more.
They had overtaken the streets. It was the number that surprised her. The urban disenfranchised poor, the casino workers, the custodians, the remedial laborers… they had shown their true colors. 
As Mandate of Justice officers fired tear gas to control the crowd and made arrests of ring leaders, the streets had begun to quiet down. Raven, looking out the window of her apartment, could see the remains of their protests: discarded signs, dropped garbage, clothing and more, still blocking the roads. But the masses of rioters had dispersed in Raven’s neighborhood. Elsewhere in Meretrix, the protests raged.
She had hoped to spend these months in research, to uncover if there was any writing about the Sorcerers or miracle workers or the “Bringer of Destruction,” but now she was holed up in her home, afraid to go outside for fear of violence.
The Saturninists had been denied their leader’s false promises, fourteen years ago; and yet they still clung to their anger, and they still raged against the System order which they claimed was rigged against them.
Perhaps, it was a subject of study worthy of being examined, but Raven was not a psychologist--she was a kook, and before that, a biologist.
Saturnine had made impossible promises. He had tried to follow through on them, operating through edict.
Raven supposed she could empathize, to a degree, with their situation. Saturninists were the poor of the System, living in desperate situations. They had put all their faith in a con artist.
Now, years later, they remembered him, and the promises he’d made. Yet this violence would further drive people away, and alienate them from their cause.
Saturnine was gone. He would not return to life. The Saturninists had to accept responsibility for their lives, and stop acting out in violence. As for now, they were driving people away, earning the hatred of everyone who didn’t think like them. They were granting sympathy for Gaius Marius’ reforms; they were making a dictatorial consul an empathetic figure.
Raven had despised Gaius’ encroachment on academic work and his vituperative, almost cruel treatment of government dissidents and Saturnine apologists. Now that she was huddled in her apartment, unable to venture outside into Meretrix’s streets, she felt a level of sympathy for what the Consul of the Dominion was dealing with. Perhaps, Gaius would go after her one day, and declare paranormal study illegal; but for now, she had a level of respect for him, at least today.
She turned from the window.
She had resolved, against all odds, to learn more about the so-called Sorcerers whom Ghost represented. As she expected, she had found nothing in the past month, no records, no books on the topic, even among the earliest humans, the Settlers of Metropolis, who were known to carry superstitious beliefs. She had found books on supposed “spirits” which once haunted the world of Metropolis during its terraforming, and entries about a so-called “Mad Prophet” who terrified the earliest settlers. But a thorough search had provided no mention of “Sorcerers” or the supposed “Bringer of Destruction” Raven was intent on identifying. She had only Ghost’s word to go on.
But it was Ghost who had hidden the writing from Cornelia’s eyes. It was Ghost who had brought further humiliation upon Raven. It was Ghost who still refused to explain the meaning of those words, those words which Raven had seen etched in stone all those years ago: “Come, ye Romans. And we shall return, with a greater power than you know… Attack us, ye Romans, and it shall return a thousand fold. We are coming soon.”
She knew those words. They had haunted her in the dark hours. She still did not fully understand them.
And as she made her way to her study, she had an idea.

~

A window in the study overlooked the parking lot, where hovercars and hoverbikes sat idle. Her shelves were packed with textbooks, some on biology, and an increasing number on history and religion. This was where she did her true work, not in the classroom with her hundreds of eager students. This was where she tried, in vain, to prove the events of fourteen years ago, which had made her a believer.
She had found that the miracles she’d witnessed in that different era were impossible to recreate, and just as impossible to recreate, and measure. Science was meant for observable things, not matters which defied explanation.
She opened her computer and logged on to the telnet. One by one she typed the words which had haunted her all these years: Come, ye Romans. And we shall return, with a greater power than you know… Attack us, ye Romans, and it shall return a thousand fold. We are coming soon.
She anticipated nothing
She hit enter, and to her surprise, there was a hit.
A partial quote, derived from an academic text, “Mythologies of the First Settlers.”
When she pulled up the book, she saw that it was not available for purchase.
It had been written more than three hundred years ago, and the only copy was in the “Library of Fornex Station.”
Fornex Station, a research station on the moon of Carceri, was a risk by any means. Raven remembered the news of just three years ago, when a prison riot broke out and took months to put down. Enough security scares had been witnessed that the Mandate of Justice had redoubled its presence, and legions of Dragoons stood watch. It was still little comfort; enough prisoners could overpower such security.
But to uncover the conspiracy that Ghost had described, and to unveil the identity of this “one who was coming,” it was worth it. If Fornex Station could shed light on the matter, than Raven had no choice. No matter the insecurity and danger, Fornex Station would be her next rendezvous. She would read “Mythologies of the First Settlers” in its entirety. She would learn what needed to be learned. 





Chapter Thirty-Seven

It took the better part of a day, but a ship to Vitellius Station was on offer at Amethysta Spaceways, and Cruz found it. It had not been advertised on a ticker, but Cruz himself boarded a shuttle that night. It left at 2 a.m. Amethysta time, and exited the atmosphere of Pallas minutes later.
It was the first time in years that Cruz left the Emerald Planet willingly. 
And it was a small hope that he could catch Xan, but it was a hope he clung to. In his luggage, he had packed a phase rifle and pistol, and a handful of grenades and other tools he’d stored for years in his home.
As the shuttle sped into the vast depths of space, Cruz saw on the telnet, blaring in the passengers’ quarters, of a massacre of Saturninists in the streets of Meretrix.
It was early morning in Metropolis, and the anchors were irate. 
They did not display the bodies, but only a Mandate of Justice official speaking on the “restoration of order.”
Cruz had no sympathy for the Saturninists. They had become what they hated: violent terrorists, in radical opposition to the government.
In the cramped quarters of the ship, there were few people: Cruz counted a dozen among them, some snoring, all except him, asleep.
The shuttle's engine whined as it launched into hyperspace. Cruz took a deep breath, and uttered something not unlike a prayer. The telnet continued, even at the blinding speed. When Cruz opened his eyes, he saw the Inquisitor continuing to talk, saying "The situation has been managed. If any other Saturninists want to start trouble, they are welcome to. They will suffer the same fate."
Cruz fell asleep to the sound of the news. The noise of voices and music became a blur. He slipped into a dream of vengeance, of Xan laying burnt and bloodied at his feet, the ships and hallways and buildings and corridors of the Syndicate destroyed, and Cruz standing on the ashes.

~

Vitellius Station appeared on the viewing screen, standing isolated amid the deep blackness of space and the vibrant whites of the stars. A Mandate of Justice cruiser soared by them, no doubt headed to the station, but that meant nothing; the Syndicate had bought too many of them off. Even if Xan robbed someone right in front of a Dragoon, he'd likely be ignored. Though no government official would admit it, they often worked in tandem. The Syndicate and the government itself formed a dark, symbiotic relationship. 
The pilot’s voice came through on the speaker: “We are approaching our destination,” he said, and a few of the sleepers awoke. “De-boarding commences in approximately thirty minutes. You may be checked by law enforcement before departure.”
The Mandate of Justice did check for smugglers, to see if Dust or other drugs were among one’s possessions; this was often overlooked among officers paid off by the Syndicate.
In Cruz’s younger and better days, he had smuggled probably a tonne of Dust in total. He had always managed to skate by and avoid any time in Carceri. Sometimes, an underhanded bribe was all it took; other times, the cooperation of his superiors in the Syndicate, and rarely a hard punch to his nose.
But he had left that all behind; and Cruz was sure that, despite what the Inquisitor said, he was under surveillance. They did not yet have proof enough to keep him, but they were searching for it. Junius and his goons wouldn’t rest until Cruz was locked away, unhappily, in Carceri.
Somehow, in that miraculous time, more than a decade ago, when wonders seemed to emerge from nothingness all across the galaxy, Cruz had been more than rescued from his hundred-story fall; he had been rescued from a much worse fate, a tortured life on Carceri.
The hangar to Vitellius Station emerged, and as the shuttle slowly ground to a stop, Cruz could feel the pull of the station’s gravity well, and the warmth of its heating system. The doors opened, and the smell of grease and exhaust overwhelmed him. Below him, outside the window, crews of mechanics swarmed the ship and a column of Dragoons approached. 
As passengers began to grab their things, Cruz remained seated, a sting of worry reemerging. Xan, he could handle, if he was lucky enough to find him here; but the Mandate of Justice made it all a risky proposition. 
Cruz believed the words of Prue, that this station on the edge of the System had become his haunt; but it was the nature of Syndicate work to never stay in one place long.
Cruz would have to exact his revenge amid all these Mandate of Justice goons.
He had begun to doubt his mission altogether. He wondered if vengeance would be worth it.
Then he thought of the stinging betrayal, after all those years of friendship; the sentence in Carceri, the tortured life and death Cruz would have had to face. Xan had thrown away it all, just for money; and there was nothing more Cruz wanted than vengeance. There was nothing else in the System that he desired.
There are other stars beside Sol, and other Systems beside our own. That is what his mother would have said. But he wanted nothing more than to see Xan, captive, in his own hands. He would find out just how and why he’d been betrayed.
His friendship with Xan had started young. At age twenty-one, Cruz had gotten mixed up in Syndicate work, not entirely of his own making. Xan had been his friend then. They had shared a close friendship that remained until now, or so he thought. They’d seen good and bad together… they’d witnessed the great good and the terrible evil the System had to offer. Of course, they’d never been on the side of the “good guys” in the true sense, but they had seen much, and done much together. Cruz still couldn’t believe his friend had betrayed him like that. How was it possible?
Cruz’s eyes were watering. He wiped them with his sleeve.
The betrayal still cut him. He still did not fully comprehend it. Xan had shown himself to be something utterly different from what Cruz thought he knew. All those years of friendship had vanished into nothing… and Cruz still did not understand. He still did not truly believe it. 
Overcome, he sat there, burying his head in his hands as the passengers of the shuttle departed. 
Soon, he was alone, sitting by himself, as the handful of passengers exited the hangar.
What had gotten in to his old friend Xan? One day, he hoped he would find out.

~

Vitellius Station was a maze of corridors, stairways and shuttered storefronts. 
In its numerous hangars, ships lay idle. Yet very few people walked among its halls, and Cruz was one of those few exceptions. There were not many who ventured this far, on the edge of the System, and though Dragoons and Mandate of Justice officials protected the station, it was perilously close to Waster space, and all the dangers that went along with it.
Amalia never told Cruz how she’d lost her arm, but Cruz had seen the aftermath of Waster raids… the severed limbs, the bludgeoned bodies. The Wasters tore apart their victims like savages, and though the fleets of the Dominion were far more powerful than their junkers, there were too many of them. Millions of Waster ships patrolled the edge of the System, and many desperate people in the System joined the Wasters’ ranks each year. They were a nuisance; they had been for centuries, and they would be for centuries more. The very sight of them spread terror, even if it was just a glimpse on a telnet.
Even a place like Vitellius Station, patrolled by the Dominion’s finest, was not believed to be safe. It was the perfect place to hide from society. It was the perfect place for Xan.


In a clothing shop, Cruz purchased a hooded cloak, similar in style to what Inquisitors wore. It would hide his identity, if he ran into Xan. He’d have to take his old friend by surprise. His old friend would be armed, and ready to do battle. 
The center of the station’s activity was called the Concourse, and here, the vast majority of people could be found. There were hotels and long-term apartments, though none lived at Vitellius Station permanently. It was mainly a research station, but because of its isolation, it was a haunt for criminals and for the disaffected… a haunt for men like Xan.
In the concourse, overlooking the levels below, was a bar. In bright, flashing signs, the name glared: “Chuy’s.” The y had blinked out.
Cruz did not know Xan’s heart or his intentions, but he did know one thing for certain: Xan was a heavy drinker. He could not go a day without his liquor. He could not help himself.
He outdrank even Cruz, but his was more a sickness than a habit. He relied on it to function.
And so Cruz ascended the lift to the third floor of the Concourse.
Still in his hooded cloak, he entered the bar.
Songs were playing, songs from Cruz’s childhood which he had almost, and thankfully forgotten.
The décor was equally dated, and the lighting was dim. Cruz made out only one patron, sitting alone at the bar, and it wasn’t Xan.
Cruz had been foiled.
The bartender was cleaning his workspace with a cloth, apparently having nothing to do.
Cruz approached and took a seat.
“What will you have?” The bartender set aside his cloth. “We have Palladian wines… liquors from across the System.”
“A Metropolitan white.” Cruz glanced over at his only fellow traveler, a woman staring at her commlink. No doubt she was a researcher, or someone just barely scraping by at Vitellius Station.
The bartender poured the wine in an ice cold glass, until it was almost to the rim. “Good?” he said.
Cruz nodded and took a sip. He wasn’t interested in the wine. He wasn’t interested in anything but information.
He pulled out his commlink. A picture of Xan still existed in it, from many years ago. After a long search, he discovered it, buried under many years of photos.
“Sir,” he asked the bartender. “Have you seen this man?”
The bartender paused.
He was tight lipped; perhaps he wanted to protect his customers.
Then he spoke. “Well,” he muttered, “I don’t… I’m not sure…”
“He is my ward,” Cruz said. “I’m with the Mandate of Justice.” A bold lie, perhaps unbelievable, but Cruz was good at fibbing; it was his second language.
“As a matter of fact, I have,” the bartender continued. “He was here just days ago.”
“Days?” Cruz said. “Days” was far too long a period, in a chase like this.
In his old life, Cruz had tracked down rival gangs and rival Syndicate agents. A moment’s delay and the trail could be lost. He knew that better than anyone.
“He’s been here quite a bit over the years,” the bartender continued. “He has been here, to Chuy’s, a lot. I think if you wait long enough, you’ll run into him.”
But Cruz did not have time to wait. He did not want to sit around in the dingy hotels of Vitellius Station. He couldn’t afford to. The longer he stayed put in one place, the more the news would spread, from here, at the edge of the System, to Xan’s prying ears. He could not afford to wait. 
But in truth, did Cruz have a choice? He had no ship. He had no way of tracking the SMS Outremer. He was stuck at Vitellius Station for the time being. Even if he wanted to leave, the next ship departed in two weeks. Here he would remain, on the edge of the System, at least until he found a way out, or until Xan fell into his trap.





Chapter Thirty-Eight


The moon of Carceri had been chosen as the System’s prison for a reason.
It was one of Urunao’s moons, like Meretrix. Like Meretrix, it had been terraformed by the human settlers. But unlike Meretrix, it possessed vast mineral wealth, containing iron, gold, silver, and precious minerals which the System used to power its batteries and telnet screens. The untold wealth had been largely extracted by the prisoners, over the centuries, but the toil remained, and the sadistic supervisors now had their wards break rocks for no reason at all. To be sent to Carceri was to have one’s life shortened, and to have one’s days become constant misery. It was a tortured death.
It appeared before her now, and though the scorching winds of Urunao had fought against her, Raven had made the journey in just hours. 
Its purplish-gray stone was marred by swells of frost and ice. The lights of prison camps were gleaming on the moon’s dark side.
Raven radioed in. 
“Requesting landing on Fornex Station,” she said.
A voice answered, slightly garbled: “Do you have a pass?” 
“Four one thirty-six eighty,” Raven responded. As a member of the University of Meretrix, and a full professor, she had certain privileges with the Dominion government. She exploited them as oft as she was able.
“You are cleared for landing.”

~

The SMS Wormwood made its descent into Carceri’s atmosphere. As Raven guided it closer to the ground, the shapes of prison camps appeared: fences blocking off the rocky ground, and the hundreds of thousands of inmates—ant-like from her vantage point—working through their fruitless toil. Vehicles were patrolling the vast spaces, keeping watch over the prisoners.
The shape of Fornex Station appeared, built onto the side of a mountain. Its main tower looked over the rocky fields below, shining like a lighthouse. The courtyard was dusted with snow.
It was here, somehow, that the only remaining copy of “The Mythologies of the First Settlers” could be found. Somehow, the book was considered too unimportant to transcribe digitally. It had been dropped here, and thus quickly forgotten.
It was a stretch to think Raven would find all the answers to her questions. It was an even greater stretch to think that she would find information about that most enigmatic of subjects, “the one coming,” the supposed “Bringer of Destruction” whose existence Raven continued to doubt.

~

Dragoons and Justice officers met her as she departed the ship.
“Raven Tiburine of Meretrix.” An Inquisitor was among them, holding up a slip of paper. “You have arranged a meeting in Fornex Station. What takes you here, madam?”
“I wish to see the library,” Raven explained. “I intend to do some academic research.”
“Academic research,” the Inquisitor rebuffed her. “ A familiar explanation.”
“What do you think I intend to do?” Raven scoffed. “Free the prisoners with my own hands? Start another riot? Do I look like such a woman?”
The Inquisitor smiled and gazed at her with his cold blue eyes. “You have a limited pass. You may stay here no longer than four hours…”

~

In the library, the telnet was blaring. 
It was sinful to have the telnet on in a place of learning and books, Raven thought.
But nonetheless, it blared on in its blasphemy: the Metropolitan News Network anchors, with cups of caratch in their hands, were speaking.
“Mass arrests underway throughout the Capitol District,” read the chyron.
It had steadily become apparent that the government of the Dominion was not only opposed to Saturninists; they were afraid of them.
Raven wondered just how many there were. How many dared not speak? How many, afraid of the Mandate of Justice, did not voice their concerns?
But Raven had little sympathy. They had taken to violence, to attacking government posts, to bombing government offices. They were as morally compromised as the government they sought to overthrow.
And Saturnine was not coming back. He was never returning to the System. He was dead… lost in space somewhere. They would never have their hero. They had only his memory. They had only his faulty ideas that would never be implemented. It was time for them to let their dark desires go.
And yet those promises, of redistributed wealth, of free land and food and money for the poor, remained. Saturnine, the ultimate con man, had planted an idea in their heads which they could not and would not let go.
“Madam.” The librarian had stood up, startling her out of her thought. “May I direct you?”
“No,” Raven said. “I’ll find it, thank you.”
Physical books were a nuisance; they took up space, and were difficult to search. However, they had not lost their utility. As a biologist and now a “kook,” Raven found them easy to reference.
But Raven knew her way around a library. She knew how to find what she was looking for. 

~

She had spent an hour combing through the shelves when at last, Raven realized she was never going to locate it. “Mythologies of the First Settlers” was nowhere to be found.
She detested doing it, but she approached the librarian.
“Miss,” she said. 
The librarian looked up from her work. 
“I thought you had a book… very old, likely dilapidated,” Raven said. She’d seen three-hundred year old texts before. “The telnet said you had it. ‘Mythologies of the First Settlers.’”
The librarian looked at Raven for a few moments. She grew pale. “Yes, a man came by two weeks ago. He bought it off from me… and for a million credits.”
Raven tried not to curse.
“This man… who was he?” Raven had to know. She was so perilously close, just within reach of what she needed to know. She had to uncover the mystery of what she had seen; she had to identify the Bringer of Destruction. She could not accept failure now. 
“A man of Metropolis,” the librarian said. “Well groomed, very official.”
“A name,” Raven said. “Do you have a name?” 
The librarian paused. “His name… he called himself Ghost.” 
Raven fumed privately.
“Thank you,” she said with a hint of terseness. 
Ghost had prevented Cornelia from knowing the truth. He had shielded her eyes from seeing what was writ on the stone. Now he sought to erase all knowledge of the ancients.
He had tricked this woman. With his powers, he had convinced her he was a man of Metropolis. No doubt that million-credit transaction was also illusory. It was all a mirage. Ghost was a trickster, a  deceiver, to the end. 
“And where was he off to?” Raven knew, as soon as she said the words, that she was prying too hard. 
“I can’t give out such information,” the librarian answered.
But she had already told her a lot.
Ghost, Raven had come to believe, was intent on destroying all knowledge. He had hid the writing on the tablet from Cornelia. Now he was destroying texts, and all that was left behind was ignorance.
And yet, it was he who drew her to Klyss. It was he who directed her there.
Why had he chosen Raven to teach all this?
Why had he chosen an aging biologist, unmarried at forty-two years old, a woman of some distinction but little real power? There was so much that still made no sense… so much for her to learn, so much to discover.
Why was Ghost so intent on erasing knowledge?
Did he know the future? Did he know that Raven had come here?
“It is the last copy,” Raven said. “That’s what the telnet told me. Is that right? Are there any copies remaining of ‘Mythologies of the First Settlers?’”
“It’s a very old book.” The librarian was looking at Raven blankly. Something was on the tip of her tongue, something she was loath to admit.  “I… I… I think I can help you.
“We have them all digitized,” she continued. “We ordinarily don’t let anyone in the viewing deck, but I may make an exception for you. After all, you made a long journey.”
The journey wasn’t long, but the effort had been intense. Events always seemed to conspire against her. Poor me… I’m so pitiful.


~

The viewing deck was a room with a swivel chair, jutting off from one of the library’s hallways. With a passcode, the librarian let Raven in, and let her be.
Raven wished she had not bundled up so heavily. Carceri was cold; its climate added more misery to the inmate’s lives, but here, in the library, it was far too warm. Raven suspected it was on purpose; outside, the inmates slaved away, breaking rocks with their pickaxes. Here, in the interior, it was almost too warm for comfort. This was further psychological torture for the System’s common criminals, but above all, for its dissidents.
On the screen, there appeared a list of books to choose from. With her control, Raven paged through them. There were texts on biology, on astronomy, on neuroscience, and books on history going back to the dawn of Settlement.
At last, Raven found what she was looking for, the digitized copy of the “Mythologies of the First Settlers.”
The librarian had taken photographs of the cover and each page, but the text was readable and searchable. Judging by the pictures, time had not been kind to it; the edges were frayed, and thread emerged from the tattered spine. The text on the cover was barely legible. It had worn and rotted away.
After a slight hesitation, she flipped the page and began to read.

Let this be our testament to the horrors we have witnessed, to the fears of what has transpired and what is yet to come.
Raven was not a historian, but she had been taught the settlers were a peaceful, productive lot… builders, crafters, and earnest folk.
Let this be a memory of what has been seen; a record of what has transpired.
It was horror that caused us to leave Old Terra, before we were due. It was terror that drove us away in the Genesis Ark. And here, on New Terra, we found terrors anew.
New Terra was their term for the world… a planet which the Genesis Ark crash-landed into and utterly destroyed. After it was terraformed, cities sprang up, and the settlers multiplied… cities sprouted up and grew larger, and into one another, until the planet became one continuous stretch of skyrises; thus, the name Metropolis. It had not always been a smoggy hive of humanity; sometimes Raven forgot that. Its gleaming lights and fast-paced lifestyle were a relatively new addition. The first settlers were as simple as they were hard working.
When Raven flipped a page, she saw a world of fire and crackling sulfur, depicted in a startling image. Amid the flame were the wrecked remnants of the Genesis Ark, and lurking above it, something like a spirit, with eyes that burned like torches.
It was horror that we left… and he is coming.
The one who is coming shall follow us here… we will not escape him.

It was 1 a.m., Carceri time, when Raven finished reading “Mythologies of the First Settlers.”
The line she sought was at the end of the book: “Come, ye Romans, and we shall return, with a greater power than you know… Attack us, ye Romans, and it shall return a thousand fold. We are coming soon.”
It referred to a dream a so-called prophet had, that the “spirits” which had been awakened on the Genesis Ark’s crash landing returned for vengeance.
Raven had come to realize one thing: the settlers were not fleeing from a dying star, as historians said. They were fleeing from a person, one whose name was never written in the book. They referred to him as “the nemesis.”
The coming of this “Nemesis” was marked with signs, according to the settlers… dolorous symbols in the night sky, a lunar eclipse which turned Old Terra’s moon “as red as blood” and new stars appearing in the heavens. 
The settlers were not merely peaceful, simple people. They were a people consumed with paranoia and fear.
They had developed a terror of spirits which they believed were hunting them. It seemed that all they did, all they hoped to achieve, was aimed at escaping from this “nemesis” whom the book never identified or explained.
It was a lengthy tome, full of insight of the hopes and fears of humanity’s first generation. But it did not tell Raven who “the Bringer of Destruction was.”
Or did it?
She had sought answers in “Mythologies of the First Settlers.”  She had come away with more questions than answers. In fact, these beliefs and mythologies she expected to discover were relatively rare. What she found was the psychological portrait of a terrified people, fearful that their enemy was at hand.
The settlers had terraformed a world of fire and sulfur. To them, perhaps, it seemed like hell, before the terraforming took root, before the water calmed the lava floes and turned it into rich earth. 
And yet the so-called “prophet” told them that the spirits they’d seen would return for vengeance. So little made sense.
Ghost had tried to bar the world from the book’s knowledge. He had failed.
The book had told her one thing, one sign of this nemesis: he was a human, like them.





Chapter Thirty-Nine

Across distances the human mind could not comprehend, through countless star systems and asteroid fields forgotten by man, in a place no one from Metropolis had ever observed, the Red Planet orbited its sun, as it had for countless millions of years. 


Rex stood on the edge of a cliff, sword in hand, peering down in the valley below.
Further away, through his Sorcery-aided vision, he could make out the shape of the Retriever ambling along. It had not given up its pursuit. It still had no evidence of Rex and Stultus’ existence, but it remained in search of them.
Slayer, on his planet, was all too familiar with the ways Sorcerers could disguise their identity and hide from tools of observation. Rex and Stultus had to evade the Retriever and yet never harm it, until it reported back its findings. 
Stultus put a hand on Rex’s shoulder. “I believe, my friend, we have almost lost him.”
“We will see,” Rex said. He was not so sure.
He had always been a voice of restraint to Stultus’ optimism. Rex, to Stultus, was an “obstinate child”  but Rex had proven his intelligence over and over again. He was almost as powerful a Sorcerer as Stultus was. Soon he would overpower him. In Stultus’ own words, Rex had “a gift that no one else in the universe shared… and that is why I called you here.”
Stultus did not want Rex’s talent to get to his head. He had tried to keep Rex humble.
But over these recent months and days, Rex had begun to look at his teacher differently… to take a fresh look at his motives. But he had to put that all aside. He had to survive this. He had to outsmart Slayer… to prevent his Retriever from discovering them. It was not an easy task, but it’s one he would complete… just like all the other tests and trials that Stultus had placed before him. The Retriever would leave the Red Planet, soon enough, as long as Rex remained one step ahead, and as long as Stultus didn’t get in the way.
He was not long for this planet, anyway. Soon, before his thirtieth birthday, he would do battle with Slayer. He would avenge Stultus’ people… he would stave off the destruction of the world.
At least, that is what Stultus thought he would do.

~

Night set in blues and purples over the western sky. The stars emerged in their resplendent colors. As Rex ascended a mountainside to what would be camp, he sensed a change in the air, one he could not grasp. But he trusted his instincts. He had learned to believe the feelings that stirred in his heart. They meant something.
He glanced briefly at the setting sun, before the brightness and brilliance overwhelmed his sight.
He wondered if, on Slayer’s homeworld, the enemy of the universe was preparing for battle.
But Rex was not strong enough, not yet. He was not even strong enough to overpower Stultus,  Master Sorcerer that he was. But Rex was close to achieving his power. An enemy like Slayer would destroy him.
Rex was confident in himself and in his abilities, but he was not supremely confident. 
This high up, he could see for miles around. The Retriever had turned down a different path and now was completely out of sight.
For now, Stultus’ words held true: they had lost it. But the Retriever would continue looking; it would do its master’s bidding. It was meant to find even Sorcerers, who could disguise themselves from most human tools.  It was one of Slayer’s most “ingenious inventions.” That is what Stultus said.
“A week longer, maybe,” Stultus said, “and the Retriever will depart this planet altogether.”
Stultus was too optimistic. But Rex decided not to correct him this time.
He had a sense that Slayer knew of them; that he was aware of their presence, and just searching for their exact location.
After all, fourteen years ago, he had stared into Slayer’s red eyes, and seen his withered white face. He had become convinced that the “dream” he’d experienced was real: that Slayer knew of him, and was only waiting for his move. It was only a matter of time before he was found. Rex could only hope that by the time he was discovered, he was powerful enough to defeat Slayer altogether… to remove him from his throne and save the universe from destruction. It was a leap of faith… an unlikely hope. But it was hope that he clung to.
The nighttime moon of the Red Planet emerged, shining white amid the stars’ mantle. 
It emerged, but as Rex stared at it, the color began to redden. Soon it was bright crimson, glowing in infernal brightness, an omen to horrify the world.
“Rex!” Stultus was poking him. 

He had fallen face first onto the mountain’s red rock. His hands and feet were sprawled in every direction. A film of cold sweat covered his body. He was shivering.
Rex took Stultus’ hand and helped himself up. “What happened?” he said. “How long had I fainted?”
“Just a moment,” Stultus answered.
The moon had lost its crimson luster. It had returned to its old shade of white. “What—“ Rex began. “What happened the moon?”
“What do you mean what happened?” Stultus said.
It had all been a delusion… the moon, Slayer, everything. But what had caused it? What made him slip into delirium?
“I saw… I saw a blood red moon. But it lasted only a moment.”
Stultus laughed. “It’s been an arduous day… a difficult journey, my student. For now, at least, we can rest.”
There was no food, no water on the Red Planet. For fourteen years, it was the power of Stultus’ Sorcery, then his own, that allowed Rex to subsist on no nourishment or air. But Rex’s body had shown signs of strain. It was not meant to live only through Sorcery.
Back home, in better days, Father and Mother fed him well. He missed the banquets at DynnoCorp Skyrise… the roast therion eggs in Amethysta sauce, the fried therion belly, the goblets of Palladian wine, the pickled Tholo bird, together with the cakes and pies and muffins. At the thought of it, Rex had to stop himself. His eyes had begun to water. Mother and Father’s remains were here; they had become part of the soil of the Red Planet. In a sense, they were still here with him.
He thought of Gaius Marius, and anger began rising up within him. He tried to stop himself before he lashed out in hatred, before he received another lecture from Stultus on his “true purpose.” He wouldn’t hear it anymore. Stultus was allowed to seek vengeance but not Rex. It was Rex that had to remain here, on the Red Planet, against his will. He was practically Stultus’ slave. 
And his mother’s death would be in vain; Gaius Marius would live on, and Katerine Saturnine would never have her murderer see justice. They would rot in the ground, and Gaius Marius would continue to live in power as a member of the Elder Council. The whimpering of Father’s supporters would die down into silence. 
It was an unjust universe they lived in.
But how, even if Stultus gave his consent, could Rex return to Metropolis? It was too far away. The ship had been destroyed, and even if it hadn’t, there were no Waygates to transport it. 
Rex was a prisoner, a slave to a master he had begun to despise. 
He had come to realize that, despite all Stultus said about his talent and power, that he was merely a tool in his hands.
He wondered if Slayer was truly a threat to the universe. Sometimes, in his darkest moments, Rex wondered if Stultus was using him to take Slayer’s place.
Stultus claimed that Slayer had once been a human; that over millennia of Sorcery he had kept himself alive while his body deteriorated and his fellow people died away. How much of what Stultus said was true? How much of it could be trusted? 
He did not trust Stultus, the one who called him his “teacher.” He didn’t trust a word he said.

~

The night had turned deathly chill.
By the powers of Sorcery, both Stultus and Rex could survive the coldest of weather, even the airlessness of space. Stultus often made a fire using some of the flammable minerals of the Red Planet, but not tonight. It was comforting to feel warmth, but the Retriever could detect the slightest changes in temperature and the most minute vibrations of the earth. Tonight, they would suffer, as they had for days. It would not be a good night.
The darkness was almost complete; the Red Planet’s moon did not offer as much light of Metropolis’s. He missed home more than ever, but above all he missed his former life. Things had been so much better before he came here, to serve as Stultus’ pawn. Even in the most dire of crises, aboard the SMS Intrepid, he had Mother and Father and their servants… he was around his own kind. Now he was alone, cast adrift on a world he did not fully know or understand. He would never return to the past. He was a pawn in Stultus’ hands, designed only for battle.
He had one aim… to avenge Stultus’ people, or for a much darker aim which Rex had begun to think was more likely.
In the darkness, Rex realized Stultus had disappeared, vanishing into the night.
No sooner did he notice than Stultus came ambling back, with bundles of rock in his hands. 
Rex gawked at him.
“Don’t you want a fire, young learner?” Stultus said. 
“But the Retriever…”
“We are far enough away,” Stultus answered. “He will not detect us.”
“Please, let’s not take that risk,” Rex said.
“Enough,” Stultus said. His word, as always, was final.
As Stultus laid the flammable rocks in a pile and waved his hands, igniting them with Sorcery, the heat billowed out from the flame, and it was a momentary comfort, enveloping Rex like a blanket. 
Food he did not have, and water he did not have, but there was a fire, a small measure of comfort, a tiny memory of the luxuries of home. 
And yet he did not believe Stultus’ words. How could he know what the Retriever would and would not detect? Did he fully understand the technologies that Slayer used?
These years had sown doubts in Rex’s mind. He wondered if he would ever be ready to fight Slayer. He wondered if the “raw talent” Stultus claimed he possessed was enough. “Stultus,” Rex said amid the crackling flame. “Aren’t you afraid of him?”
“Of Slayer?” Stultus said. “Of course I am.” His dark eyes glinted red in the fire. “But I sensed you across the whole of the universe… I knew your power. 
“In those days, I watched you carefully, from all the way across the universe. I used my powers to work miracles… miracles which allowed you to escape. You are the universe’s only hope, Rex.”
“But I didn’t ask for this,” Rex said.
He had sensed, in his training, his own raw power; how it spilled over in ways he did not understand. He had tried to move a boulder with merely his Will; instead he had broken it in two.
But he remained far short of Stultus. He could not match Stultus’ power.
Stultus was a Master Sorcerer. His power had extended across the galaxy, to a System he did not know but which Rex knew as his home. Rex could not match him, not yet.
And if he could not match Stultus’ power, he could surely never match Slayer’s. Not now, and perhaps never in the future. 
“You know,” Stultus continued, “I had observed your universe for years. There were so many people trying to help you… trying to rescue you and your Father.”
“Quiet,” Rex snapped. His eyes were watering. “Don’t talk about my father.” 
His father had supporters, long ago. But his father was dead; his body had disintegrated into the earth. There was no point in talking about him. There was no point in speaking of his life or death.
“You’re the one who drew him out here, to his death,” Rex continued. He was on the verge of weeping.
“Hush,” Stultus said. “He was in danger already. I saved him. I saved you.”
Saved him. That was new. Perhaps, if Father had surrendered to the authorities, he would have lived. He could have paid off the Mandate of Justice.
But no. It was impossible. Gaius Marius had been his greatest ally during the consular election, encouraging him and standing alone in his support among the Elder Council. It had all been a ruse, a disguise for his hatred. He had turned on Father.
He had not merely wanted arrest and prosecution. He wanted death for Auguste and Katerine Saturnine. He wanted a public display of punishment for those who spoke out against the Elder Council and the power of the corps. He had been cruel; he had been sadistic. His hate had frightened Rex even back then, when he was twelve, too young to understand it. 
His father had made promises he couldn’t keep, yes; but he had mocked the System’s government and spoken against its machinations. He had promised free money to the poor after taxing the corps. He had made himself an enemy of the established order. He had posed a unique threat to their power.
No, Stultus did not save him. But he did not destroy him either. He already had one foot in the grave; Stultus merely stalled the inevitable.
Far away, many miles in the distance, Rex detected the sound of skittering, of hooks pressing against rocks.
They had been compromised. “Stultus…”
Rex’s teacher was already standing up, focused on the noise as well. 
Stultus, for all his supposed wisdom and many centuries of life, had been wrong. They were detected.
The comforts of the fire were not worth it. They never were.
For once, Stultus stood there, mouth agape, stunned by what he had done. For once, the great teacher was wrong.





Chapter Forty

The Prince of Pallas was on the telnet.
Cruz, now on his third night at Vitellius Station, was sitting at the bar at Chuy’s, which had become his daily haunt. 
The Prince of Pallas was making his speech to Pallas’s Elder Council. 
It was not as significant or powerful as Metropolis’s Elder Council, but it was twice as grand, with more pomp and ceremony than any other.
The Prince of Pallas stood before the blue-garbed councilors, wearing a robe of purple and, on his head, a gold-forged laurel crown. He was the ruler of the System’s richest planet. At least, he called himself a ruler; he remained a puppet on a string for the consul.
But the Prince of Pallas’ untold wealth was undeniable. He, and his family, were among the richest in the System. Books and documentaries abounded, regaling the princely family’s lifestyle, which common citizens read with fascination and no small amount of envy. He did not control the System; but he was the subject of its fascination.
He was speaking on his grand plans for the coming year: new roads and bridges, a brand new spaceport in the city of Amethysta, and “taking care of the Palladian poor.”
Much of these grand, puffed-up notions would never come to fruition; he could do nothing without the consent of the consul.
Cruz, as a Palladian himself, had seen the prince’s grand promises before. His words were always empty.
And as a Palladian, he knew that this prince, like others before him, was inbred. The small number of noble families had been intermarried for countless generations; the commoners were beneath them. Growing up on the therion ranch, it had been a point of ridicule… something to laugh at.
But traveling the System and leaving his homeworld, he saw how people rich and poor were enraptured by the Prince of Pallas, his wealth and all his intrigues. The bartender, Marcus, had switched to this channel for a reason, and the two other people present at Chuy’s had stopped their pointless chatter, amazed by what was displayed on the telnet, amazed at the Prince of Pallas’s wealth. They did not know what Cruz knew; that he was inbred, and altogether, a dolt, a puppet in the hands of Gaius Marius. He could do nothing without Gaius Marius’ consent.
Even in the speech, his delivery was somewhat jarring, lacking delivery and poise. He was mechanical as he proposed the grand projects he intended the Palladian Elder Council to pursue.
Valerie, Prince of Pallas, was thirty five years old, younger than Cruz and certainly less wise. He lacked the polish of his great-uncle who preceded him, and had a head of thick red hair. He was pallid and freckled, and spoke with a slight, almost imperceptible lisp. He was not suited for the job, but he received the fascination of the public nonetheless.
“And we shall purge the doubters and the rebellious amongst us,” the Prince of Pallas continued.
Cruz thought he had heard that rhetoric before, but he wasn’t sure from where. Had he glimpsed it in a book he read, or a film he watched.
“Those who say ‘we cannot’… those who say we are unjust… that claim violence is the answer… they must be punished. The doubters must be silenced.”
He was speaking of Saturninists again. Cruz wished he could watch the telnet without hearing the dead man’s name. It was strange, however, to see Gaius Marius’ hysterical rhetoric spread even to Pallas. The Prince of Pallas traditionally did not take sides in Metropolis’s famously nasty politics. He was supposed to be an apolitical figure, a planetary symbol for the people of Pallas. To step in such squabbles was beneath him; but maybe Gaius Marius was pressuring him from behind the scenes.
Eventually, Cruz tuned the Prince of Pallas out. He clutched his glass of red liquor, aged for one-hundred and thirty years in Meretrix. Now, with all his possessions liquidated, he had become something of a big spender. All this was because of his desire for revenge.
The anger still burned within him, but it had begun to grow less acute. As he waited for Xan like a prairie cat hiding in the brush, he had begun to watch the arrivals and departures in the hangars with more frequency. In ten days, there was a shuttle bound for Pallas… bound for home. With each day, as the hot temper cooled, he wondered if he could put it behind him. But he was a Syndicate man; he had a reputation. And if he did not get his revenge, if he did not deliver the killing blow, word would spread, and others would take advantage.  
Up on the telnet, the Prince of Pallas was speaking. The chyron read, “Prince Valerie supports Proposal 119.01.”
Cruz had made a point over these days to never watch the Metropolitan News Network. He had tired of it all. But now he was curious.
“Marcus,” he asked the bartender, “what is Proposal 119.01?”
Marcus was cleaning a fluted glass with a cloth.
“I live on Vitellius Station,” he said. “I live here on the edge of the System for a reason. You knew I was born in Metropolis. Why’d you think I escaped?”
Cruz chuckled. Indeed, the politics of Metropolis were poisonous. Cruz knew that as well as anyone. And Vitellius Station was a place for exiles and vagrants, for people who did not belong in the gleaming buildings of Metropolis or the bickering, backstabbing halls of Capitol District. Cruz would have to find out on his own just what Proposal 119.01.
On his commlink, Cruz pulled up the information he sought: “Proposal 119.01, a proposed bill to publish the addresses and names of Saturnine’s supporters.”
A sick feeling settled in Cruz’s gut. He had despised the Saturninists’ protests and the way they acted aggrieved… but this seemed a bridge too far. It seemed that Gaius Marius, Consul of the Dominion, would never forget his grudge. But he had focused too much on Saturnine and too little on the System. That was the opinion of Cruz, political neophyte.
“Marcus,” Cruz said. Curiosity had been planted in his mind. “Did you vote in the election of 3086?”
“Of course,” he replied with a laugh. “I hated all politicians… but I sure loved that Saturnine…”
	
~

It was on the ninth day of his stay in Vitellius Station, just hours before the shuttle back home would arrive, when Cruz entered Chuy’s and saw someone he knew.
It was not the one he’d been hunting; it was not Xan.
Prue sat there, and when he looked up he did not recognize Cruz, who had made a habit of wearing the hooded cloak.
It began to make sense to Cruz… or at least, Prue’s motivations did. He had tried to lure Cruz out here, to set a trap.
It was not only Xan who had betrayed him; the entirety of the Syndicate had.

~

That evening, Cruz followed Prue at a distance. He was wearing a hat and had shades over his eyes. Injuries in a fight with a Dragoon had rendered Prue without a left leg. He walked with a cane, but he was a good shot; he was a match for Cruz man to man, and there was a phase pistol clipped to his side. 
Prue was old, and injured, but it would still take an element of surprise to overcome him and get the information Cruz needed.

~

At door 302 of the Royal Vitellius Hotel, Prue fiddled with his wallet and produced the keycard.
“Mr. Orphaz,” Cruz said. “A word with the Mandate of Justice?”
“Cruz?” A look of blind panic overtook Prue’s face, but Cruz shoved him inside and slammed the door.
Prue, now injured and lying on his face, was mumbling curses and whimpering in pain. “Please,” he was saying, “please stop…”
Cruz walked around the immobile Prue and shut the curtains which looked out into the hallway. He flicked on the lights and the bedside lamp. Then he grabbed his onetime friend and dragged him into a chair, directly in the glare of the lamp.
“Please,” Prue was mumbling, his eyes streaked with tears of pain, his face white with terror. “I am injured.”
“You do well enough,” Cruz said as he jerked Prue’s pistol free of its holster. Now Cruz had two guns aimed at him.
Prue was old, approaching sixty, with wispy silver hair. He had lived a long life in the Syndicate; he had fought like a tiger to ascend its ranks. Long ago, Cruz had been his protégé. But like all relationships and friendships Cruz had had, this one had twisted into betrayal, yet again.
“Prue,” Cruz began, “choose your words carefully. Why are you here?”
“Why am I here?” Prue gritted his teeth together. “Because I paid for a room at the Royal Vitellius Hotel.”
“Don’t play games with me,” Cruz answered.
“I have business here,” he continued. “Syndicate business.”
“Why did you tell me to come here? Why did you say I’d find Xan on Vitellius Station. I’m beginning to think the whole thing was a lie.”
“He does come to Vitellius Station,” Prue said, “more often than I think anyone should.”
“And where is he now?”
“He—err—he is coming.”
“Liar.” Cruz cocked the pistols and Prue whimpered. “Don’t think I won’t hesitate to blast you. I will betray you like Xan betrayed me… like you betrayed me.”
Prue was whimpering. He held up his hands, as if skin and bone could block a phase blast. He winced, and whimpered, “Please, old friend… please, Cruz.”
“You were sent here to kill me,” Cruz continued. “You were sent here to lay a trap. Why? Why betray old blood? Why turn against a friend? Why do it? Tell me, and I will let you live!”
“Please, Cruz, don’t do this…”
“Shut up! Tell me! Why?”
“You are mixing yourself up with dangerous characters,” Prue said. “I am the least of your worries. If you kill me, you will not be safe. You will put yourself in even greater danger. 
"I'm not afraid of you, or anyone," Cruz said.
"There are forces at work," Prue continued. "The Syndicate has made a pact with the devil... with its ostensible enemy."
"The Mandate of Justice," Cruz said. "Of course. Hasn't it always been that way? Everyone has a price. Even me."
"Where is Xan?" Cruz said. "I will give you until the count of ten..."
"Please," Prue said, "don't do this..."
"Ten... nine... eight..."
The door burst open, and an arm jerked around Cruz's neck. He fired both pistols but Prue ducked out of the way. Scorched holes had been ripped open into the other room.
Within moment's Cruz's pistols were gone from his hands, and he was now the prey rather than the predator. Prue picked up both pistols off the ground. 
"I was worried I couldn't stall you." Prue laughed. "But you are as reckless as ever, Cruz. I thought you'd surely watch your back."
As Cruz was restrained, others pulled back his hands and slapped cuffs on them. Then they threw him on the bed.
When he looked up, he saw Xan standing there, smiling.
"What is this?" Cruz said. "The one who betrayed me..."
Other thugs were behind him, one carrying a phase rifle and the other a pulse saw.
"What is this?" Cruz was muttering. He couldn't do this again.
The whole Syndicate was after him, and he didn't know why.






Chapter Forty-One

As soon as Raven boarded her ship and made preparations to head home, she had that unnerved feeling in her gut that she remembered, the one she'd felt aboard the SMS Intrepid before its controls were overtaken by a mysterious force. 
She wanted to return to the safety of Fornex Station, but she knew it wouldn't do any good. She had left with some small bit of knowledge, even if it wasn't what she wanted.
Now she was headed home; or to what had become her home. How she hated the Gamblers' Moon; its smog, its casinos, its pleasure palaces, the visitors who came from all over the System to waste their money and live in a dissolute manner. But at least, when she got home, she could shake this feeling, this feeling she knew so well -- this feeling that she was being watched. It would be small comfort.
"Ghost," she whispered, though she knew he wasn't there. "Leave me."

~

Leaving the hangar, the streets were as crowded as ever, and in the darkness of the night, the lights of the casinos outside her apartment glared in their fullness. Outside her apartment building, prostitutes in fishnet stockings hollered at passersby. This was the scene Raven came home to each night, walking home from university. She was a Metropolitan girl; she did not belong here. These were riffraff, and the people who vacationed here were far worse. They chose to be here; the prostitutes and employees at the pleasure palaces were often natives who had no choice. Over the years, Raven had grown more and more disgusted with Meretrix; but only the University of Meretrix would offer a professorship to a kook.
With a sigh of disgust, she pushed past the prostitutes and entered the complex. Her room was on the fourth level, in the glare of the lights. She had ordered specialty curtains to black out the constant brightness. It was her home, her safe place, her dwelling, where she could retreat from the world.


All was as she left it a day ago. But as soon as she entered, the presence returned, the sense of unease which she could not shake.
Her home was her sacred hideaway; now, in an instant, it had been violated.
In her former days as a biologist, she would have discounted this feeling in her gut. Now, she had become superstitious in all things, and fearful of what was coming into the world. 
Her commlink began to buzz, and she screamed, jerking away.
The number she did not recognize. She answered it anyway.
"Raven."
She recognized Ghost's voice instantly.
"I know what you did."
She scoffed. "You aren't my master, Ghost. And I didn't know technology was your thing."
"It takes some getting used to," Ghost said.
"I want to speak with you," he continued. "It's important."
"Can't you come here?" Raven said. "In the blink of an eye?"
"I am not all powerful."
"That's not what you told me," Raven said. "I think I read what I needed to know, Ghost... a little of what you hid from me. I don't need to see you anymore. Perhaps, it's best if we part ways... I in my professorship and you in your... mission."
"It's urgent." Now he sounded desperate. "I am on Klyss... where we met all those years ago."
"There is no way in the System I am going there," Raven said. "I will never go back... not after what you pulled."
"Then I suppose I have no choice," Ghost said. "Wait for me.”
“Wait for you?” Raven said with a smile. “Perhaps I will.”
She could hear voices and the rumble of motors in the background. Perhaps, he was in Lucius Skyport. The thought of the all-powerful Sorcerer using a public commlink made her laugh.
When she hung up, the unnerved feeling evaporated. She was at home, at peace, in her own personal hideaway.
Some people pitied her, an aging woman, living alone. She did not see things that way. Most women married young; but for her, it never happened, and as she aged, it grew difficult, then impossible. But she was happy; she was self-contained. She needed no one but herself, her work, and her kooky pursuits. There was no reason to pity her, none at all.
Now she would wait for the arrival of Ghost. She had two months remaining of her sabbatical. She hoped the end of all things would not occur before then.





Chapter Forty-Two

Cruz awoke on the hard metal floor of a ship. His hands were bound in cuffs; a bandana was stuffed around his mouth. He was inside some kind of holding cell.
He had been betrayed again; and all his weaponry and trickery had not been able to save him.
He had been outmatched; and he still did not understand just what the Syndicate wanted, or why he’d been betrayed. Perhaps, there was something more to it than money.
The whine of the hyperspace engine made it clear they were traveling somewhere far away. But what place was more isolated and lawless than Vitellius Station? There were only a few options.
He was shaking, starving, and freezing cold. His feet were bound tight, cinched with rope. They had sprawled him out here in this holding cell, in this humiliating state, for a reason.
Memories began to return: a needle, puncturing his bicep. They had drugged him and dragged him away from the Royal  Vitellius Hotel, likely in plain sight. The Mandate of Justice had looked the other way. The seedy people who hid away in Vitellius Station had looked the other way. That was no surprise. Perhaps Marcus, the bartender, had noticed, but he could do nothing… he was powerless.
So was Cruz. 


The ship lurched out of hyperspace; the whine of the engine died to a purr. The door opened, and Xan stood there with a phase rifle in his hand. 
“Friend,” he said with a smirk. “I’m about to introduce you to your new home.”
“Why?” Cruz muttered. He struggled and managed to sit up. “Why did you turn on me?”
Money was a clear reason. But why now? The Mandate of Justice had decided to leave Cruz alone… why had Prue entrapped him, and Xan captured him once more. 

~

Cruz’s captors hauled him out of his cell, into the hallway. Outside the ship, the wind was howling, and the temperature had notably dropped, even in the few seconds after they’d landed. Xan and two other thugs were dragging him through the ship’s winding corridors.
 A window looking outside revealed a world of drifting snow, featureless and white. They were on Nexus, one planet from Urunao, the most uninhabitable of all worlds. Ice caves filled its surface. It was buffeted by snow storms and harrowing wind. The settlers tried to terraform Nexus, like all other worlds; but had failed to tame its cold. This was what the ancients thought of when they talked of “hell.” It would take only an hour to freeze to death, even for the most well-prepared. Was that their intent? Cruz struggled, but Xan and his thugs were too strong. They were headed toward the door, the exit ramp leading to Nexus’s surface.
“Why?” Cruz kept saying, but his words fell on deaf ears. They were intent on carrying out their deed.


The blistering cold hit Cruz like a blanket, suffocating in its temperature. The wind cut through his clothes like a knife. The snow was blinding in its fury; Cruz could barely see, but up ahead, breaking through the white, was an orange light. Xan and the thugs dragged him, allowing his feet to touch the hard-packed snow. Cruz screamed and struggled, but Xan—wearing a heavy coat—only laughed. How quickly their friendship had evaporated, how suddenly it had turned to nothing. 
The light grew larger, and the shape of a bunker emerged.
An Inquisitor stood there amid the open door. “Hurry!” he was shouting against the wind.

The bunker was warm, uncomfortably so. When they’d gotten a few feet inside Xan pulled out his knife and cut the rope from his ankles.
The presence of an Inquisitor meant the government was involved, somehow, again… even after they’d let him go.
Xan handed off Cruz to a pair of Dragoons with pulse rifles clipped to their side. But Xan, his thugs, and Prue continued to walk with them, following just behind.

In the bunker there were a number of cells: a dozen on each side, holding several inmates each.
Cruz had heard rumors of “black sites” where the laws did not apply, where enemies of the Dominion were held without regard for the rule of law. He had called it a conspiracy theory, the province of loons and insane people. Were those crazy words true? Cruz had no idea. It was still hard for him to believe. The System, schools taught, was a place where the rule of law extended to every planet.
The prisoners were gaunt; a few, wearing thin shirts, had ribs showing. There were laws on feeding prisoners, but not here. This was what the conspiracy theorists had warned about… a place apart from law.
The Mandate of Justice had put Xan up to it, once more. He’d be tortured. They would starve him. They would try to pry out information they thought he knew, but which he didn’t have. A miracle had occurred in that strange era, some fourteen years ago. It was something that neither man nor science could ever explain. He did not know why the Waygate opened, or how Saturnine escaped. He could not tell them what they wanted to know; he was as confused as they were.
A Dragoon opened a cell door and threw Cruz inside. Xan, Prue, the Inquisitor and all their cronies vanished into the shadowy corners of the barracks. 
Cruz was alone with a gaunt man. His eyes were bloodshot, his hair greasy and brown. It was clear he had not shaved in weeks; the beginnings of a beard had grown on his face. He smelled foul, like the other inmates.
“What was your crime?” he asked Cruz.
“I have none,” Cruz answered. “And yours?”
“I protested Gaius Marius,” the man answered. “I supported Saturnine…”





Chapter Forty-Three

The rain in Meretrix was pouring down, and Raven sat on her windowsill, looking outside. The crowds around the casinos had dispersed, and those who remained were safe in the shelter of umbrellas. Meretrix had a problem with acid rain; its atmosphere had been polluted over the centuries, as human buildings and habitation covered all of what once had been a pristine desert moon. Now, those who lived here and those who visited had to deal with the horrid atmosphere, the orange smog, the poor air, the acid rain. 
The room grew cold; the unsettled feeling Raven remembered spread all over her, and around.
It had been more than a month since Ghost called. She had entirely forgotten until now.
But she knew he was there, long before the doorbell rang, long before she rose up from her windowsill. Her long absence from Ghost had been sweet; but now it had come to an end. She would be thrust back into his world; though she wanted none of it, it seemed to be her destiny.
At the door, he was standing there, clutching his chest. Bandages were wrapped around his body. He was panting, and he looked unhealthy, even more than his unnatural lifespan would warrant: The gray shade of his face had turned a pale ashen color. His eyes had lost some of their gleam. “It was hard getting here, Raven… a battle, in fact.”

~

The caratch maker was bubbling and sizzling in the background. Raven took a seat at the caratch table after she’d taken Ghost’s coat and done her best to make him comfortable.
She had turned up the temperature in her apartment but Ghost kept shivering, refusing to be cured. He sat on a couch before the caratch table, bundled in blankets.
As the smell of the caratch filled the room, Raven laid her hand on his. “What is bothering you, Ghost?”
The caratch maker beeped and Raven got up to pour their cups. Ghost touched her hand. “Sit down,” he said. He was weaker than she’d ever seen him. He did not have that air of power about him anymore. His wounds seemed more than what his bandage indicated.
Reluctantly, Raven sat back down.
“I fought for weeks,” Ghost said. “The journey here should have taken me days… but I was prevented. The Bringer of Destruction is not yet here, but his life force is fighting against me. It is preventing me from telling the truth.
“He has not yet arrived. But his agents have. They boarded my ship… they managed to restrain me for days. And now I am here.”
“You are safe,” Raven said, “for now.”

~

Ghost began to sip his caratch. Raven had brewed it in cinnamon flavoring. His heavy breathing had ceased. He had slowly come to grips with things; he was beginning to relax. In a trembling tone, he began to speak: “I am sorry I tried to prevent you from learning,” he said. “I was sent here for a purpose, from far away. For the past century I have been trying to destroy ancient works… old books from the past that hint at knowledge. I was sent here for a reason… I’ve been here longer than you’ve been alive.”
“Then why didn’t you destroy the book?” Raven said. 
“It slipped past me,” Ghost said. “I didn’t know the library made a duplicate. I am not omnipotent… but now you know things…”
“That the settlers didn’t flee from a dying sun as we’ve been taught,” Raven said. “They fled from a person. A human being.”
“Hush!” Ghost set down the caratch. “Don’t speak another word.”
 Something about the words cut her. “Ghost,” she said. “I have put up with you a long time.” She smiled. “And you still haven’t told me what you know. Why did you come after me? All those years ago…. You boarded the ship. You led me to the tablet to read the writing. You opened my eyes to decipher the symbols. I was a professor at the University of Metropolis. Why me? Why, Ghost? Why did you follow me?
“You are the reason I am here, on Meretrix. You must tell me your reasons. Tonight!”
“The enemy is  coming soon,” Ghost said. “And if I fail… if I do not defeat him… people must be warned.”
“You want me to warn the System?” Raven said. She laughed at those who held up signs and proclaimed the end was near. It was too much, even for her. “No one would take me seriously. They would laugh at me… just like I used to laugh at you. And to be honest, Ghost, I’m not sure entirely if I believe you completely.” That was the most generous statement she could make.
“When the Bringer of Destruction comes,” Ghost continued, “most will not see him for who he is. A small number will. You I sensed, riding in that ship, are among them. You will see him for who he is, and when you do, you must warn the others. Warn everyone in the System to flee as far as they can… away from Metropolis. To the rim. Dying at the hands of Wasters would be a better fate than what awaits them. People do not understand; they have forgotten what their ancestors have seen.”
“And you were a part of that,” Raven said. “You tried to destroy all knowledge.”
“I must prepare the battlefield for him,” Ghost said, “and when you see him, Raven, on the telnet, you must act… you must warn the citizens of Metropolis. You cannot let them sit idle.”
It still seemed incredible to Raven. It still made little sense. She still doubted him. She still did not believe him. A Sorcerer of great intelligence could surely suffer from delusions. Their brains were not different; their neurons fired like everyone else’s. He was still susceptible to human emotions.
“You want me to be a crazy woman on the street corner,” Raven said. “One who is mocked by passersby.” She smiled. “Ghost, you expect so much of me.”
Her smile was not returned. She had never seen Ghost smile or laugh. His long lifespan seemed to have erased all joy; the power sustained him while his body wasted away. Raven wondered if there had ever been a happy Sorcerer, or if they were all miserable and contemplative. He wondered what Ghost had been like, before he discovered this power, which was at once upholding him and destroying his body. She wondered if, in his humanity, he had ever loved a woman, or had a child. She wondered if in his previous life, he had known the heartbreaks and triumphs common to man. He was now a Sorcerer, with a lifespan extended far beyond what nature allowed, but once he had been like Raven… he had been a person with emotions, with feelings. Now he was stone cold, sober, joyless.
“I’ll tell you what, Ghost,” Raven said. “If I do see him… and if I recognize him… I promise you this. I will be that crazy woman on a street corner, heckling passersby.”
Ghost looked at her; his flames of eyes reflected uncertainty. “I hope you will keep your word.”
“I will,” Raven promised, and in her heart, she meant it.
Within hours, Ghost was gone, supposedly to prepare for battle. Raven sipped away at the remainder of the caratch pot. On the telnet, it was a busy news day. Below the anchors, on the chyron, the ticker read, “Proposal 119.01 narrowly becomes law.”

She had left Ghost behind. She had begun to doubt his words. She had begun to doubt everything she’d come to believe over these years. If she abandoned her cookery, if she strove to become a respected scientist once more, would the University of Metropolis let her back in?







Chapter Forty-Four

Cruz was whimpering in the corner of the cell. The pain of his torn fingernails would not cease. The Inquisitor continually reopened the wounds he’d made, and then he would pour salt in them. In this black site, on the planet Nexus, away from the law, away from governance, there were no prohibitions against torture, no depths the government would not sink to, no regulations which would prevent them from the worst of human behavior. Cruz did not know how he had opened the Waygate without entering Tiberius Station, but after a month of agony he had begun to believe the lie, that somehow, he was responsible.
He had tried to tell them what they wanted to hear. He had lied so much he had forgotten what the truth was.
In his corner cell, careful not to put any pressure on his fingers or his salted wounds, he shut his eyes and tried to remember the past, what it had been like before he joined this living hell.
He had not opened the Waygate; he had not paved the way for Saturnine’s release. It was a lie.
A miracle had happened, sometime in that wondrous epoch. Either that, or Amalia found a way. But that was impossible too. Strange things had happened back then, strange things which he could not explain. No lie was good enough, because his heart was not in it.
The Inquisitor perhaps sensed he was not able to help them. For days, they had left him alone; for days, the pain lingered, and worsened. A laceration on his forearm had gotten infected; his mouth throbbed from a tooth that had been pulled loose. He wanted more than anything to end it all now. He wanted to die.
He did not care about his cellmates. These Saturninists had been arrested. Perhaps, they didn’t deserve it. Perhaps, they had hurt no one. But Cruz didn’t deserve it either. Even if he had stolen and vandalized and killed, no one deserved what he had gone through. No one deserved misery and torture. Their proclamations of innocence seemed self-aggrandizing. Cruz had never been an ideal citizen, but he did not deserve this. No one did.
An explosion rocked the jail; the smell of smoke and burning plastic soon followed.
The jail guards paused in shock, but then phase blasts began going off, one after the other. Like lances of blue light, they ripped through the corridor and eventually through the jail. There were loud screams as Dragoons rushed to respond. The bunker was under attack. Cruz didn’t know who it was, or what motivated them. But they were avenging his blood.
Through the smoke and through the smell of burnt and calcified flesh, the intruders began to emerge: men dressed in black, wearing no armor. They were pouring through the jail and through the corridors. The Dragoons were better armed but they were too numerous to stop. Some of Cruz’s jailmates began cheering.
“Io Saturnine!” the attackers were shouting.
And Cruz, out of gratefulness, would join their resistance? Not a chance. There was no gratefulness in him, only hurt, only the throb of pain. When he was rested, he had a mission to accomplish. There were wrongs that needed to be righted. There was blood to avenge.
One of the rebels blasted the keyhole straight off the door; Cruz’s cell was now wide open.
The starving Saturninists who he’d come to know fled out, cheering… for the first time in months, with hope.
There was injustice crying out; there were wrongs that needed to be righted.
But seeing the prisoners freed, Cruz realized his pain was not the center of all. A greater injustice than Xan was before him. It was the Dominion who had tortured him. It was the Dominion which terrorized its citizens. It was the Dominion who silenced the rebellious.
“I will join the Saturninists,” Cruz was saying to himself. “I will avenge all our blood.”
But chaos reigned, and the battle continued. For an hour the rebels fought, and for an hour the Dragoons fought back. Soon dozens of bodies lay all over the bunker. The Inquisitor had been blasted to oblivion, as had all Cruz’s torturers. 
With the Saturninists, he boarded a copter. He did not know where it would take him. He did not know what would happen. But wherever he ended up, he was better there than here.





Chapter Forty-Five

Far away, so distant a million years’ journey could not cover a tenth of its breadth, the Red Planet circled its sun. 
Rex was practicing with Stultus, underneath the red sky. Stultus knew as well as he did that they’d been spotted. Their doom, it seemed, was only a matter of time. Stultus said nothing, and he did nothing, because there was no way to prevent it. The battle was coming and it was coming soon. 
Stultus lifted his sword. “Friend,” he said, “Student. I fear we will soon be in danger. But you have passed the test. Kneel.”
Rex sheathed his sword and obeyed. 
“Give me your arm.”
Rex pulled up his sleeve and extended his right arm. He knew what was coming. He had waited for years for this day to come. It was not as sweet as he hoped. Death now overshadowed it; a sense of certain doom.
“I name you Sorcerer,” Stultus said. “You will have a seat at the Council of the Wise. And you will have a nomen. I name you Armilus.”
“Armilus,” Rex repeated. He liked the sound of it, the way he heard it echo through the air. A wound ripped through Rex’s forearm. He screamed as light blasted through it, until it had become a blue mark, the mark of his completed training. He did not have to answer to Stultus, anymore. But he would have to remain here, on the Red Planet. He was still Stultus’ slave. He could not escape. His mother, his father, would never be avenged.
“Tomorrow, after morning meditations, we depart the Red Planet,” Stultus said. “You are not strong enough to face him, and neither am I. Even together, we could not defeat him.”

In a cave, etched by wind and time out of the mountainside, Rex and Stultus took shelter. The blue and purple remnants of the light fluoresced in the horizon and the Red Planet’s moon began to emerge. Rex had completed a more than a decade-long journey; he had achieved full status as a Sorcerer, but he was not satisfied. 
At night he would remain awake, thinking of Mother and Father, and how Gaius Marius and his goons had killed them. He remembered his mother’s body, smoking on the Red Planet. The murderers of his parents were dead; but a greater injustice remained… the entire system which robbed the dreams of millions, which reacted to correction with violence and cruelty.
Stultus was sitting down, eyes shut, lost in a trance.
Rex stepped outside into the cold air. Soon the stars would be visible, and so too would the planet where Slayer lived. 
Slayer. He did not care about him. Slayer had done nothing to Rex. Slayer had not murdered Auguste and Katerine Saturnine. Stultus claimed Slayer was a threat to the universe. But what had the universe done for Rex? It had robbed him of his family… it had delivered power into the hands of Gaius Marius. The universe had sent him to a world he did not know to endure unendurable hardship. The universe had left him in the care of a man who, to this day, Rex did not trust. If Slayer destroyed such a universe, where was the wrong in it?
Outside the cave, Rex walked, and sat down on a boulder. The stars were out, now, and he peered at the planet Slayer inhabited, a white point of light against a black canvas. He shut his eyes, and the world fell away, and he drifted off, seemingly into ether.

~

He came to and Slayer was before him, wearing a black hooded cloak. His flesh was white and thin; whatever humanity he once had had left him. His head was as thin as Rex’s forearm. All around him was the world he ruled… burnt to ashes, full of devastation. 
“Armilus,” he said, “your teacher is lying to you. There is a way to go back home. But you must kill him, and consume his power; then anything is possible for you.”





Part Three







Chapter Forty-Six

The three years since Cruz joined the Saturninists had been the longest of his life.
Now aboard a ship, fleeing Metropolis from his compatriots, Cruz thanked Lady Luck they had been informed on time. After the Purge of 3102, when Saturninists were massacred wholesale and their homes taken by their neighbors, few among them survived. But Cruz, and a few thousand remained, on the edge of the law, darting from place to place. 
Cruz had never voted for Saturnine, but he had become a public enemy. He had donated all his savings to the cause. That cause was dwindling. Few among them remained. Those who’d supported him almost twenty years ago had been identified. Their properties had been seized, and many had been killed. Gaius Marius, now coming to the end of his second term as consul, still spoke of the “Saturninists” though their cause had failed, though their numbers had dwindled, and though they had been squeezed altogether about public life. Somehow, Saturnine still loomed large in the consul’s mind; the hate consumed him, and it had begun to eat him away.
Now they were leaving the blinding lights of Metropolis. The skyrises and blinking advertisements were behind them. 
Cruz would never live a normal life again. He could never return to his home in Pallas. He could never live among society. He could not escape the cruel government which dominated the System. But he had found a family of outcasts, one he treasured more than his brother and sisters, more than his mother and father, rest their souls. He belonged to something, even if the System had turned against him, even if the Mandate of Justice had warrants out for his arrest. He was a part of the Saturninists, and doom perhaps awaited him, but he had a family, a purpose greater than himself. He would never die in Carceri; his brothers and sisters would go out fighting.
He had never truly liked Saturnine. He had never thought much of him or his grandiose ideas, if he thought of him at all. But now, many years later, he had found his family. Saturnine was not a person; he was a symbol standing against the dark universe in which they lived, a paragon who challenged the Dominion and its corruption. He had stood up against the System, and paid the ultimate price. He was remembered as a powerful figure, an icon in the minds of many. As the people of the System suffered in poverty and slavery, as they toiled away in government mines, as the Dominion itself silenced dissent and the universe became a joyless place, Saturnine was remembered. He was a symbol and an emblem of better days, before the corruption of the Elder Council and the election of Gaius Marius, before the hope of the people and the health of the body politic wilted away. Now, no one dared express their views. The people of Metropolis and the other worlds in the System never spoke out against the government or the Dominion. Once, freedom had been respected, but no longer.
It was not a life Cruz chose, but it was a life he cherished. Unlike in his time in the Syndicate, he felt truly a part of something. The Saturninists were doomed, but they were a family, and they would fight their destruction forever. When the day came, in phase fire and smoke and ashes, when Gaius Marius finally snuffed out the System’s last hope, they would do so together. The Saturninists were one.
Xan had betrayed him, and Prue had turned him into the authorities; but Cruz vested his fellow Saturninists with absolute trust. Quintus Marsh, the captain of the Saturninists aboard the SMS Liberty, would never hand in his own. The Saturninists could not afford betrayal. They lived in a world which hated them.
The people of the System had turned against them as well; the propaganda coming from the Elder Council and the news stations was constant and convincing. The Saturninists were a people without a home. They had nothing except each other. People so desperate, yet so content, would never betray one another.
Gaius Marius, consul of the Dominion, the engineer behind all its machinery, the wielder of every power in the System, had been on to Cruz and Quintus Marsh for months. They had kept a low profile beneath a Metropolis bordello, planning to storm a prison and free some of their fellow Saturninists. Hours before the plot was to begin, Quintus Marsh got word a patrol of Dragoons were on their way to arrest them. It was a government official who warned them.
There remained Saturninists in the government, but they kept quiet under threat of death. It was a wonder so many survived to this day; that the torch Amalia had lit was passed on, after her demise. Under threat of execution, the enemies of Gaius Marius operated in the Dominion, even in the Mandate of Justice. There were still believers in Saturninists’ reforms, but their days were numbered.
As the Dominion began to restrict speech, as they punished Saturninists with no reprisals and confiscated their property, a gloom had begun to settle over all the System. No one smiled in Metropolis during Cruz’s stay. But there was something else troubling them… something which Cruz could not explain.
Cruz had seen it on the telnet, and he had heard it for himself.
For the past two months, the sea had been roaring, and the waves had crashed with ferocity on Metropolis’s beaches.
But it was the noise of the sea which perplexed everyone. The noise of the sea defied logic, and even from the skyrise where Cruz had been staying, it was audible, a mile away. The roaring was like the wailing of a winter wind. 
Yesterday, a shower of meteors had streaked across the sky, and a woman Cruz was passing by had fainted. There were worries which passersby could not express. The Dominion was as powerful as ever; but the roaring of the waves, and the falling stars, made some Metropolis folk sick. It seemed nature itself was disturbed. 
But now the SMS Liberty was gone from Metropolis, and the dangers of Gaius Marius and his goons had evaporated. The roaring of the sea wouldn’t trouble them, nor the meteors streaking across the sky. The gloom had persisted. The people of the System were against them; but Cruz was alive, and not in Carceri. He was free.
Cruz headed down the rickety metal corridor of the SMS Liberty to the cockpit. 
There, Quintus Marsh was preparing to launch into hyperspace.
“Quintus,” Cruz said. “What is up with the roaring of the sea?”
He did not know why he asked; the words seem to drip off his tongue. 
“I don’t know,” Quintus answered, “but we will know soon.”





Chapter Forty-Seven

Across the galaxy, beyond the breadth of thousands of stars, in an isolated pocket of the universe, the Red Planet revolved around its star.
Rex had had enough.
They had returned just weeks ago, after hiding on a distant moon.
Slayer had not discovered them, and now they were back in their familiar haunt.
It was still hard to get used to, though the terrain was familiar, though Rex had spent his childhood among these rocks and cliffs, among this red earth. For years, they had been wanderers among the icy planets and moons of Rex’s adopted System. They were back to where this dark journey had begun. They were back to where it all started.
And memories flooded back.
Somewhere, on this red earth, were the remains of the SMS Intrepid. Somewhere were his parents’ ashes and bones.
It all came flooding back. For years, they had fled from a danger, but the greatest threat to Stultus, to Rex was yet to materialize. Now, he was safe among the red mountains, among the copper skies and azure sunsets. But anger was building inside him. He remembered Slayer’s words.
“Stultus,” he said when they stopped near the summit of a red mountain, “what happens if one Sorcerer slays another?”
“His power leaves his body,” Stultus said. 
“And can the killer take the power for himself?”
Stultus looked at him in curiosity. He said no more and continued the hike.

At the peak of the mountain, there was a cave where they took shelter.
Outside, amidst the dark sky, the wind was tossing to and fro. The wind shrieked like a ghost, sending pebbles and rocks airborne. Clouds obscured the stars and moon; the darkness was deep and permeating. The air had turned bracingly cold, and Rex’s breath came out in white puffs. He rubbed his hands together. He couldn’t remember the last time he was truly comfortable.
It would have been long ago, aboard the SMS Intrepid, with his father… the ship which lay in ruins on the Red Planet’s slopes.
It was not far from where stood.
Stultus sat, knees crossed, meditating, his lips chattering in the wind, his eyes closed.
“Teacher,” Rex said.
“Armilus,” Stultus said. “I am not your teacher. You are my equal.” He smiled.
“I must go,” Rex said. “I will be back in the morning.”
“In the storm?” Stultus said. “You are a free agent. Be careful. You are my friend.”
But you are not mine. Rex did not speak his thoughts.
He left into the howling winds, into the storm which was kicking up dust and shaking the foundations of the Red Planet.


From the mountain he descended into a valley, and from a valley into a deep ravine.  Soon a field stretched before him, but there were many, many miles to go.
It would take a hovercar three hours to traverse the distance, but Rex summoned up the power within him, and focused his Will, bringing speed to his feet and taking force from the windstorm. Soon he was faster than a hovercar, and more efficient than a spacecraft.  He covered the vast extent of the Red Planet, speeding through its hills and canyons like a bullet.


At last, he reached the field where the scattered wreckage of the SMS Intrepid lay
The years had caused the dust and soil to bury most of it, but there were still pieces of exposed shrapnel.
With his sword, with mere Sorcery, Stultus had obliterated the ship entirely.
Seeing it here, in the darkness of the night, Rex came to realize something: he had destroyed the SMS Intrepid to trap him here.
Anger boiled inside him, overflowing.
But I could never have left. There was no Waygate to take me back to Metropolis. There was no way. And death awaits me there… Gaius Marius still reigns.
It was a dream to think he could have returned to his old life, to a System and to a planet that despised him. He could never return to his riches and privileges.
The Red Planet, Stultus, and the fight against Slayer were all he had. He could never go back.
Or could he? If he took Stultus’ power, if he slew his teacher, could he return to Metropolis? Could he have his reveng?
Rex lifted his hands. The clouds began to disperse, and the moon began to emerge. The winds calmed, and the storm began to die away.
He called up his Will, and the parts and pieces of the SMS Intrepid broke free from their earthy tombs. Piece by piece, the ship which Rex had called home all those years ago began to reemerge. The engine, the windows, the tunnels and hallways began to come together. The bits of blast armor shook free from the dirt and imposed themselves on the ship like a flock of birds to a nest. 
Soon it had all emerged, the SMS Intrepid, a broken and shattered shell of its former glory. His father had built it with his immeasurable wealth; and what worth was that, now? He was in the grave.
Rex relaxed his power, and the false SMS Intrepid collapsed into a pile of rubble.
The SMS Intrepid was just an object, a symptom of Father’s wasted life, one which had ended in disaster and tragedy.
With tears in his eyes, Rex raised his hands once more; he lifted them up to the heavens, to the moon. From the dust and the dry earth, two skeletons emerged, draped in rotted clothing. Most of them had been blasted away.
Their bones were a dark grey amongst the whiteness of the stars and the moon.
Mother’s dress remained, deteriorated and worn away by years of wind and rot.
“Rex!”
Stultus’ voice shocked Rex.
He lost focus and the skeletons plummeted to the ground. The bones broke apart; the power that held them together had failed.
Mother and Father were gone, and they were never coming back. 
“What are you doing here?” Stultus said. “It’s late.”
Stultus was always suspicious. He was always questioning Rex. He was always demanding to know things. Rex was Stultus’ slave.
Not anymore.
Rex drew his sword. He would avenge his parents’ death. He would return to the System. They were worth it.
“Do you intend to kill me?” Stultus said. He was smiling, and his golden eyes reflected in the moonlight. He drew his own sword. Then he threw it on the ground. “You are destined for great things, Rex. You are destined to shake the foundations of the universe.”
Rex sighed. He would not do it. He shoved his sword back into its sheath.
“I will not harm you, teacher,” Rex said.
“Then I will give you my blood, Armilus.” Stultus drew his sword. Rex rushed to stop it, but before he could, Stultus was sliced in half, bleeding on the cold ground.
Rex staggered back in horror. He wanted to retch. He fell onto his backside and crawled away. He’d grown nauseous. But a power was filling him, an energy he did not fully understand.
A voice was crying out to him: “Vengeance! Vengeance for me, my son!”
It was his father, Auguste Saturnine.
“Bring the Dominion to its knees,” Father was saying. “Crush my enemies to dust. Wreck the government’s foundations. Destroy Gaius Marius and grind his bones into meal.
“Shut your eyes, and you will be there. Shut your eyes, and you will be home….”
Armilus shut his eyes and fell into a deep sleep.





Chapter Forty-Eight

Rex was in a deep sleep, deeper than he’d had in many years. He opened his eyes only briefly and then shut them again. He yawned and stretched and shifted into a more comfortable position. Lights were flashing by him, red, green, blue. They reminded him of when he’d ride along in his Father’s hovercar through Metropolis’s skyways.
The air smelled different. It was humid. It did not rain in the Red Planet often.
He opened his eyes again, and his heart dropped.
He was in his old room—he knew it—but the walls and ceilings were stripped bare, and only concrete, nails and screws remained. He was in DynnoCorp Skyrise, the 700th floor. Metropolis was outside.
He got up, heart pounding in his chest, and peered out the window. Thousands of hovercars were speeding down the skyways. Advertisements were flashing for Nectar Cola, blinking in red and gold. On balconies along the skyrises, thousands upon thousands of people were walking to and fro. The sun’s—no, Sol’s—heat was sweltering in its intensity, baking Rex even here in the sanctity of his room.
The time was late summer. Rex could sense it. Memories came flooding back, though he still did not feel fully himself.
He was not human anymore. He had changed. The power that was in him had altered his mind; it had changed his soul. He would never be Rex Saturnine again. He was Armilus.
But he did have a father, and he did have a mother.
He had come for a mission. 
The all-powerful government of the Dominion thought it could get away with anything. It thought it could deprive Saturnine’s supporters of their rights; it thought it could murder in cold blood and face no consequences.
Armilus would be their consequence.


He rose and drew up his Will, disguising his sword from human sight. He stepped out of his concrete room and saw that all of Dynno Skyrise had been stripped bare to concrete walls, bolts and open plumbing. The dining room outside his bedroom was gone; the pipes, visible and no longer covered, were leaking. The people of Metropolis had not merely killed Father; they had destroyed all memory of him, and erased everything he’d built up over the years. The splendor of Dynno Skyrise had been erased; and all of Auguste Saturnine’s wealth had been looted.
Armilus keeled over and gasped. He was overcome with sickness. Memories raced back of the prior day, how Stultus had met him on the outskirts of the Red Planet and surprised him with his acquiescence… how, after years of resisting, Stultus had sacrificed himself so that Rex could be here.
Across an infinite distance, Rex had been transported home, to the place he’d been born and raised, a place which had completely transformed… a place which was now totally different. This was not the same Metropolis. This was not the same System.
Over the buzzing of the hovercars and the din of music, Rex could make out, just barely, the roaring and tossing of the sea.
Now, Rex had abandoned his mission. He had been asked to save the universe from Slayer. Instead, he had returned as an avenger, and with a sword in his hand. He had come to make Gaius Marius regret the day he was born.
There was a loud crack, and a man dressed in red charged in from one of the outer rooms. He hit Rex so hard he went flying back into his stripped down bedroom and out through the sundered glass of his window. He was plummeting to his death, and the man dressed in red was following after.

~

Many fathoms below, near the dark and dangerous ground level of Metropolis, Rex gathered himself and called up his Will; with power, he raised himself up and began to fly.
The man in red came hurtling down, bearing his sword, intending to strike him; Rex thrust out his hand, and, summoning his power, severed him in two.
It was a Sorcerer who had tried to kill him.
A Sorcerer, in the System Rex called home? A Sorcerer, scouring Metropolis? It seemed impossible.
And he had been lying in wait, as if he’d been expecting Rex all along.
Up above, the lights of the city shone down, but the darkness was almost complete. The air was thick, and the heat lay on Rex like a blanket. He remembered summers such as these, in Metropolis. He had relished them. School had been closed in those days. Now Rex was active and alert; and there was a mission to attend to.

~

Disguising himself, making himself invisible to human eyes, Rex flew upward into the heart of the city, where a blazing Nectar Cola ad was blinking.  In the light, a hoard of roaches were flying, deceived by the man-made light.
A large telnet screen, projected on the side of a skyrise, was displaying a picture of Gaius Marius.
“We are excited,” read the transcription below. “The Prince of Pallas is coming tonight!”





Chapter Fifty

Raven, never widowed, never married, twice a professor at the University of Metropolis, stood before her class at the top of a skyrise and began her lecture.
“The therion,” she said, “is unique among mammals. It was created through selective breeding. It not only gives us meat, but also milk and eggs…”
The world of kookery and supernatural “science” was a memory, now. She had once again earned the respect of her peers. She smiled at the students in her class, all of whom appeared bored. It was a night class and many were groggy, just barely keeping it together. 
“Dr. Tiburine,” one student said. “The Prince of Pallas is coming tonight… Some of us don’t want to miss it.”
Raven laughed. “Oh, you are so fascinated by wealth and pomp… one day, you will realize how worthless it is. All you need is enough money to survive, and a bed to sleep on.”
“Dr. Tiburine,” the student continued. “Please…”
It was all a distraction, a way to avoid Raven’s boring lecture. She wouldn’t take it as an insult. They were young and impressionable. But the truth was, the Prince of Pallas only rarely made his way to Metropolis. It was an event that, at most, occurred once a year. 
“Very well,” Raven said. She stepped back and clicked on the telnet screen, tuning it to the news. 
The anchors were wild with anticipation; their faces lit up as the Prince’s cruiser appeared on the telnet screen. 
On the hangar which led to the Elder Council Dome, the sleek cruiser took up every bit of space.
Gaius Marius stood outside to greet him, along with numerous Elder Council members and government officials. A line of Dragoons held out their rifles in salute. 
Out stepped the Prince… and for a moment, Raven thought he looked exactly like Rex Saturnine.





Chapter Fifty-One

It was Rex Saturnine, all right, but the students were stone-faced, some watching in mild excitement, others in boredom. Raven felt ill.
As the last bits of sunlight left the sky, Raven staggered away. “Excuse me a moment,” she said, and left the classroom, as memories of Ghost, the “Nemesis” and the warnings of the spirit of the end returned. Raven thought she was going to be ill. She needed fresh air. It was a delusion she was experiencing, and nothing more. 
She stepped out onto a balcony, into the thick summer air. She braced herself on the railing and tried to gather her thoughts.
She wouldn’t be let out into the world of delusion and kookery again. She wouldn’t do it. It was a mistake, a sign of hysteria in her old age.
The clouds above parted, revealing the moon. It was larger than Raven had ever seen it, and bright red, the color of blood. The end had come. There was no escaping it.
The System, the world of Metropolis, the university, the Elder Council, the government, and Gaius Marius himself… they were doomed. There was no escaping their destruction. Raven would flee the System altogether. She would flee the university. She would leave her life altogether, because the end had arrived, and no one could stand against it.





Epilogue

On the telnet screen, Rex Saturnine had stepped out from the Prince of Pallas’ cruiser. Cruz, and a few others, were trying to convince the fellow Saturninists that it was, indeed, him.
Cruz had never been so glad to be apart from the capital world. 
Those who recognized him were rejoicing aboard the SMS Liberty, but Cruz could not shake the feeling in his gut that Rex Saturnine’s reappearance was not good news at all, but a dark and terrible omen for the world.


Continued in Book 2…
