Nightshade:
A Flash Fantasy

By Anthony North

Copyright: Anthony North 2021
Cover image copyright: Yvonne North, 2021

Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission

Other books by Anthony North

In 2019 I began publishing 14 volumes of my fiction, inc 7 novels in most genres, & 21 works of non-fiction covering cults, politics, conspiracies, religion, disasters, science, philosophy, warfare, crime, psychology, new age, green issues & all areas of the unexplained, inc ufology, lost worlds and the paranormal. Hopefully appearing at the rate of one a month, check out the latest launch at my bookstore at http://anthonynorth.com or buy direct from Smashwords for all devices at: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
In addition to the above, you may like my ‘I’ Series – 8 volumes of flash fiction (horror, sci fi, romance, adventure, crime), 4 volumes of poetry & 5 volumes of short essays from politics to the unexplained. Available from same links as above. Also check out my bookstore for news of my books out in paperback.

CONTENTS

In the Beginning
The Archaeologist
Fragments & Dialogues
The Psychologist
Renaissance
A Tale of Midsummer
MacTwist
Hamming Expectations
Carol for Two Lovers
About the Author
Connect With Anthony

In the Beginning there was the word; and it was the Title

Fragment One – Once Upon a Time

‘Curse you!’ said Capt Van Daken, ‘do you hear me, Nightshade? Curse you!!!’
The Zombs stopped in unison. They were programmed to register sudden changes, and the skipper’s sudden mood was classified as such.
Retoks Marb just looked, his sardonic smile echoing his feelings. He was of the Literary Sect and trained to notice the twists and turns of experience.
Alternatively, Babbage chuckled as he manipulated the console. Only the aberrant behaviour of circuits could faze him.
But it was Black Kat who defused the situation. A shapeshifter, she purred once, then transformed into the skipper’s favourite brunette.
Van Daken looked her up and down, ending with the huge smile upon her face, and his mood flowed away.
‘Thank you, Katrina,’ he said.
Satisfied with her achievement, she became Black Kat once more and prowled away.
Yet, the problem remained. Nightshade was becalmed, and all the stars had gone out.
What had happened, none of them knew – except Nightshade. Nightshade had had enough. Which presented a problem. Star ships were not supposed to have minds of their own.

Who would have thought that when that cow danced on TV we were dancing our way to the stars? But soon the cow had jumped over the moon, in a metaphorical kind of way, and the universe was in our grasp …

Initial Statement

So this is the beginning. The story has begun, but …
Let us introduce ourselves. We are aspects of human knowledge. We represent the intellectual human traits, such as the scientist, the religionist, the politician; and we write to inform you of the discovery of the fragments.
What are the fragments?
They appear to be an anthology of stories – at least, we assume them to be stories; surely they cannot be real?
Many elements are missing, so we have to attempt to put the story-arc together.
(It isn’t a story-arc; it is reality?)
Excuse the religionist. He claims knowledge not grasped through reason. How can they be truth?
(Look at the facts. The fragments were found buried in ancient sites. We know not what kind of parchment was used – all analysis has failed to identify it. We speak in many languages, but we all can read the script …)
Just because science has not yet caught up doesn’t mean that we have to rely on exotic explanation …
(… and when were they buried; when were they written? The indication is they are very, very old, yet they speak of technology and star travel. And who was the stranger who always seemed to be there …)
Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. We are telling a story – everything must not yet be revealed.
(Pah!)
Infact, the only thing we can say for certain at this point is that there is a star ship with a crew, a cat and android workers … and, of course, as it began with a cow, we can assume the technology – the ship itself – is biological in nature.
Shortly we will turn you over to The Archaeologist, who will narrate how he came by these wondrous discoveries, but first, I think it is time for the next fragment:

Fragment Two – How Nightshade Became…

Black Kat watched as Capt van Daken stormed into his cabin. Purring, she followed him – saw his mood. He was not in charge of the situation, and he knew he should be.
They had been becalmed for an age, but now the star ship was moving again – but to where? Certainly not where he thought they ought to be going.
Black Kat knew something had to be done. Hence, she stood before him, Katrina fully formed and naked.
The skipper looked at her. An urge formed in his mind. Roughly, he grabbed her, threw her across his bunk and entered her …
It was not pleasant, she knew, but afterwards, back in the corridor once more, Black Kat remembered why she was here. They simply had to learn. It was her task.
She entered the crew room then. Retoks Marb was hunched in the corner, blood dripping from his mouth and the remains of raw meat around him. She admonished him. She had told him how to cook, but he clearly ignored her.
At the other end of the room Babbage was trying to program the ship to return to its course, but he couldn’t figure out what to do. Black Kat went up to him; licked him. He stroked her and suddenly he knew.
Retoks Marb was satiated now. Hence, she approached him once more, with a sheet of paper caught in her teeth. Dropping it, Retoks Marb picked it up.
He seemed to know what this meant. He smiled, took out the pen, and began to write. After all, he was of the Literary Sect, whatever that meant; and the words flowed.
Suddenly a thought came to him. He wrote:
‘But how do I know how to write these words?’
Black Kat was Katrina once more. ‘Don’t you remember?’
Retoks Marb thought more deeply and suddenly memories flooded into his mind. ‘I’m of the Literary Sect,’ he said. Then a moment of puzzlement. ‘But are the words my own?’
‘Are they ever anyone’s own?’ She replied.
At that point sensors picked up another ship, on a course suggesting Nightshade and the other ship were intentionally meeting. Retoks Marb and Babbage raced to the bridge.
Capt van Daken was already there. He sat in his chair, howling with delight. At last, excitement, and he felt the bloodlust of the hunt. The Zombs felt it, too, he was sure. But as they rushed about, he couldn’t yet separate efficiency from the emotional high.
As the ship came into view, the skipper became confused. ‘But that’s impossible,’ Retoks Marb later wrote into van Daken’s mouth, ‘how can it be?’
The ship was identical to Nightshade. Yet, his memories told him that THEY had built their ship, unique. Black Kat approached. Jumped up on his lap and licked him. Capt van Daken stroked her and forgot. Then, she knew, she had to leave them to it.
What happened in the next five minutes is hard to explain. Capt van Daken knew he had weapons – Katrina had told him so – but where they were he had no idea. Retoks Marb and Babbage seemed to just stand there, useless, as the star ship approached – a huge black mass of sinew and tech. Then, as if a monster, it seemed to form a mouth – a huge, cavernous mouth, with glistening teeth sharp and pointed.
Slowly it moved closer and the mouth seemed to snap shut on them. Almost immediately, what instrumentation they had got to work seemed to drain of power and the lights went dim. Then, an almighty scream echoed throughout the ship.
Capt van Daken abandoned his post – ran out of the bridge and followed the path of the scream.
He found Katrina laid on a bed, swathed in a flowing white nightgown, and blackness crouching over her in the form of a translucent life form. It opened its mouth and sank its teeth into Katrina’s neck.
Van Daken had never seen a face so serene as Katrina’s as the life form sucked.
Van Daken tried to move forward, but he seemed somehow suspended. How long he stood there he didn’t know, but eventually he blinked and the life form was gone, Katrina stood before him, stroking him, her eyes glazed. Then she was gone and Black Kat prowled away.
At that moment, the ship, too, disappeared as a rush of energy filled Nightshade. The lights became bright, consoles lit up and sparkled, her drive pulsed with power and her crew suddenly felt – human? Intelligent? … sentient.
And as Nightshade bristled with renewed life, she thought: ‘At last. I’m of the notDead.’
Black Kat could only agree as Nightshade sped off to adventures anew.

Dialogue A:

Religionist – So where is the Science now? We have a star ship bristling with technology and a crew that behaves as if they’re from the Stone Age. We have an animal-form which seems to control them all – teaches them, nurtures them – and an altercation with another star ship that has more to do with vampirism than science fiction.
Scientist – It is too early in the story to glean any worthwhile facts. They could simply have experienced something that caused amnesia. Alternatively, the thought has been put in their heads that they built the ship, where, infact, they found it.
Religionist – Or maybe the gods are teaching them, guiding them – showing them how to be.
Scientist – I cannot think that way.
Religionist – Or maybe the gods are teaching you, guiding you – showing you how to be …
Politician – And I thought that was my job nowadays.

The Archaeologist

Take an undisturbed Egyptian tomb, add one brilliant archaeologist – that’s me, folks! – and you have another treasure horde from antiquity that will never see the light of day.
I blame New York and the fashion industry. Following old Tutankhamun’s find the Big Apple went mad, building buildings by the dozen in an Egyptian style, whilst fashion went fanatical for all things pharaoh. And how on earth can fashion be forward looking if all the finds were reported, forever taking us backwards?
At least, that’s one explanation. Others blame the Order of the Shaded Night – that secret occult fraternity that may or may not exist, that keeps the ‘secret’. The secret may or may not exist – I thought – but the Order has done a damned good job making sure we never find out one way or the other. Although I doubt they were actually responsible for the curse that wiped out so many of the Tutankhamun lot. They are responsible for a great deal of murky dealings – the New World Order, etc, etc (if, of course, they exist – which they do; or don’t) – but not the curse.
As for the curse … well, I’ll come to that in a minute. First of all, let me tell you why I was in yet another undisturbed chamber. I was in search of the second fragment of the secret. Yes, I knew the secret existed, ‘cos I’d seen the first fragment, and it was mind blowing, leading the few experts who have heard of it to suggest that an earlier human civilization had become star travellers before dying out. Although there are other experts who believe the fragment – one of a believed six fragments – is not of the past, but time-dropped from the distant future.

So there I was in the chamber, bathed in an eerie light, dust and other detritus swirling in the rancid air as I moved forward. And I was ready for the curse – suitably equipped with shaded goggles, dust mask, headphones and nose grip.
Not, you might think, standard archaeological garb, I know, but I had this idea about the curse. It exists. Oh, I don’t mean that some supernatural influence takes you over or anything like that. But something does.
The first clue came to me when discussing word magic – the idea that a simple word can have a subliminal effect on the hearer; and a form of magic widely used in ancient Egypt. The obvious answer is, of course, suggestion. So what if a series of words read, combined with an eerie light, powerful smells and strange sounds triggered by a simple mechanism when opening the tomb door, could have a subliminal effect on those involved in the discovery - and an effect that can then be subliminally transferred to others through a similar form of unconscious suggestion?
In effect, murder from thousands of years ago.

I won’t bother you with the ins and outs of my discovery of Ancient Egyptian artefacts. As I said, they were really ten-a-penny; and totally useless for as long as the New World Order insists on directing every aspect of our freedom. I didn’t even bother removing any, or telling anybody about my find.
No, what I wanted was far more important – and sure enough, there, in the mummy’s hand was Fragment Two.
As you can imagine, I read it with wonder.
How, you might ask, did I come across this amazing discovery? A good question – and a question I’m not sure I can answer. Oh, I could say I followed clues in paintings, ancient texts, quirks of language and patterns of temples, churches, etc, but the reality is this kind of thing only happens in stories.
No, I’d been pondering on the subject ever since I stumbled on a copied text of Fragment One. Maybe it just stayed in my unconscious, working things out, unnoticed; or maybe there really is a thing called fate. But after weeks of pondering on the subject, the location just seemed to come to me – a hunch.
And after the 23rd dig at various sites, I hit gold – or rather, parchment.
Only four more hunches to go, I guess.

But let’s go back to that curse. After I left the tomb, I got out of Egypt as quickly, and secretively, as I could, and made my way back to the UK and my apartment, the fragment obviously well hidden.
There, I studied the fragment and delved into my hundreds of books, hoping to spark another hunch. But something was clearly trying to invade my mind. Maybe my counter-measures hadn’t worked; or maybe I’d just been on too many digs for my precautions to be totally successful.
Don’t get me wrong – I didn’t feel like killing myself or anything like that. It was just a sense of unease. At first …
It is difficult to say when the Mummy appeared. One second it wasn’t, the next it was – in front of me, tall, bulky, rancid bandages, a smell to rot off your nose, and those things that suggested eyes.
Now, was it really there? I doubt it. Occult literature is full of the idea of thought-forms – entities that can manifest in your reality, but emanating from your own mind. And that idea would perfectly explain my own idea of the suggestibility built into Egyptian tombs. But the only problem was, now that it was here, occult literature also hints that whatever it does, it really does – physically. Hence, if that big momma decided to throttle me … well, I’d die.
A tense stand-off developed, it looking at me and I looking at it. How long it went on I don’t know – day turned into night and day again – I remember that. Did I close my eyes? No, I wouldn’t dare. But slowly, ever so slowly, an immense act of will on my part seemed to work. Slowly, ever so slowly, it evaporated. And then? 
I fell, unconscious, on the floor.

I awoke remarkably refreshed, considering. Of course, I was bolstered by two important factors. My counter-measures HAD worked – just – and I had to delve even deeper into my research. Which meant surrounding myself with books.
You see, books are different. You turn on a computer; you place a dvd in a drive – but to surround yourself with books, to dip into this huge volume and that, the smell of print and musty paper, the dust; you descend into another world – a world where the inefficiency of words make the mind work for you.
It isn’t so much the information you can gain from books, but the intuition as the brain forms patterns of wisdom.
I had found so many sites in this way. However, my work was soon to be interrupted.

They seemed to come out of the Shadow – four of them, eyes blank, each wearing a cape as black and bottomless as the deepest ebony. My first impression was one of the supernatural, but that was discounted as they threw back their capes to reveal Kalashnikovs.
It became immediately obvious they were junior initiates of the Order of the Shaded Night. Intent was obvious, but before they could discharge hundreds of pieces of death into my body, I acted.
As an archaeologist who dealt in real archaeology, not the routine, humdrum digs of the mainstream, I always had a stun grenade close.
The disorientating flash and bang gave me all the time I needed to grab my own arsenal. As they regrouped, I let off a burst but then dived for cover as their staccato fire erupted all around me.
Silence followed, they wondering if they’d got me, me in shock and angry as I looked at my peppered books. Sacrilege was a hard thing to take and offering a wail – half of the warrior, the other in grief – I jumped from my cover and managed to take one of them out before …
Before what? How do I explain what happened next, other than to say, my mummy returned?
The initiates looked in shock as its form formed – moved forward towards them. It raised its arm and pointed its finger at the first, and he collapsed with a heart attack. Of the two now remaining, the mummy grabbed the throat of the first, killing him with ease, whilst the last ran out of the room, out to the street and was about to escape when mummy’s finger pointed once more, whereupon the initiate seemed to trip, sprawling to the floor, yet somersaulting round and round towards the road where he landed just in front of a truck. Raising his head slightly, it was just enough for immediate decapitation.
As curses go, it was a blinder.

The world had predictably gone crazy of late. I had several things to contemplate as I sat among the carnage, trying to work things out. My mummy had disappeared as smoothly as he had appeared, for which I was pleased. After all, gratitude can only go so far with a monster. But my main concern was now the Order of the Shaded Night.
Their protection of the secret obviously went so far as knowing where the fragments are, and keeping an eye of them – how else could they have known I had the second fragment? So what was their intention? Obviously I thought they had tried to kill me, but then I looked at the arc of fire they had used, and discovered not one round had actually been fired at my immediate hiding place. Rather they had sprayed around me, decimating my books. Was that their intention – to kill the knowledge I needed to carry on my search?
An intriguing possibility – but a possibility placed to one side as there was a knock on the door.

Predictably, I opened it with trepidation, a gun ready to fire. Before me was a tycoon – you could always recognise them; the air of superiority, the smell of absolute wealth, the plastic face. And as with all of the top tycoons, he wore the lounge suit of the Order of the Shaded Night.
‘May I come in?’ he asked.
‘If you must,’ I answered.
He smiled and walked in – took an uninvited seat. ‘Our risk assessment didn’t go too well, did it?’ he mused, looking at the bodies, ‘but who can resist a good book blasting.’
‘I’d rather you hadn’t.’
He ignored me. Said: ‘I think it’s time to abandon your search for the fragments.’
‘Go to hell.’
‘How quaint.’
‘I want you to leave.’
‘Don’t you all – but you all buy into it. It’s a pact.’
‘Not me.’
‘So you’re giving away your writing, are you?’
The smirk was overpowering in its mocking. I felt like hitting it, but suddenly there was a change. It was the arrogant stance that went first; then that deep-seated evil behind the eyes; and finally a pleasant expression broke out.
‘Phew, made it,’ he said, his voice – his manner – totally changed, ‘and I’ve got here just in time. He was about to begin an ad campaign on you, and no one can resist ads.’
‘What’s going on?’ I said.
‘Not sure yet,’ he said, adjusting his suit, loosening his tie a bit and pulling at his suddenly uncomfortable underpants. Finally getting his bearings, he said: ‘Hello, I’m a time traveller’

It was all too much for me, I have to admit – at first. But when he explained …
‘Time travel has always been possible, but it took hundreds of years from your time to mine to realise theory, and then produce the tech. The problem with previous theories is that they all revolved around physics. Yet the answer is genetics.
‘We all share a genetic code with our ancestors and within that code is, not only their memories, but their awareness and personalities. So all we need to do is separate our consciousness from our bodies and travel down the genetic timeline until we come across a suitable ancestor close to where we want to be, and when we want to be. Then, hey presto, we repossess.’
I was shocked. I said: ‘So you’re not you?’
‘If by ‘you’ you mean him,’ he said, pointing to himself, ‘then no, he’s just the shell. I’m me. Hello.’
‘But that’s going into the past. Can you go to the future?’
‘Of course.’
‘How? The future hasn’t been written.’
‘I say again – hello.’
‘So the future IS written up to your time, which is in the future.’
‘Yes, but if I’m from the future and you can go to my past, by going to your future, then who’s to say someone from my future can’t go to my past and write my future into the story?’
I was becoming confused. I said: ‘But how does the tech work?’
‘Ah, can’t say – you’ll have to wait until near the end of the story to find that out – but I can show you.’ He waved his hand and an imaginary time machine appeared. ‘But if I told you the reality of the universe and the tech that allows us to travel, we could have all sorts of amateurs messing about with the timeline, couldn’t we?’
‘So why appear to me?’
‘Ah, you’ve discovered the second fragment. So I guess it’s time for you to learn what the secret really is.’
‘I take it you know.’
‘Not a clue. Won’t it be exciting?’
And with that, he held my hand, sniffed the imaginary time machine up through his nose and into the brain and reality faded away.
‘Hang on a minute,’ I said as my past rushed past before me, ‘where’s the imaginary time machine gone.’
‘Ah,’ said the time traveller, ‘the mind has always been bigger on the inside.’

It was unnerving to see humanity’s past flash before my eyes. I saw it all, the wars, the loves, the intrigues, the illness, the deceit; I saw clothes and weaponry – habits and language – change as century gave way to century; and then I was beyond what we call culture and politics and within wilderness, humans no longer having language as we know it and skins the only fashion.
The time traveller interrupted my thoughts. ‘This is strange,’ he said. I didn’t know how to answer – I doubt if I could even speak at that moment. ‘The idea was to find the convergence between you and I, for it is there that the secret is revealed.’
I found my voice as we passed through a lava flow. ‘’You mean we’re connected? But how? In the past, or genetics?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well that explains a lot – not.’
‘I was sent on this mission,’ continued the time traveller, ‘because I intuited what had to be done better than anyone else – that’s how it works, you see; connections – but this is way too far back. Even a time traveller has never gone this far.’
At that point a convergence was found. Time came to a standstill and the huge imaginary time machine sprouted out of his nose. We were there.

Two naked lovers walked hand in hand through the forest, expectation and longing in their demeanour. Eventually, they stopped, looked at each other and kissed; and in a loving embrace they declared their love for each other, fell, as one, to the ground and made passionate love. And as they did so lovers throughout space and time made love as one incredible act, a love wave seeming to erupt through the universe itself.

Afterwards, I stood up, shocked. ‘I repossessed the female,’ I remonstrated, ‘what the hell just happened?’
The time traveller laughed. ‘It happens,’ he said. At that, he slithered off momentarily and said: ‘Well, there’s nothing more to do here.’

As we returned to my time I was confused. ‘So what about the secret?’ I asked. ‘And the whereabouts of the other fragments; what did that tell us about them?’
He didn’t answer at first. We both saw as a translucent person seemed to appear before us. As far as I could tell he was a 17th century individual with a cloak and mask.
The time traveller smiled. Said: ‘The secret is almost disclosed, I think. All it requires is imagination. As for the fragments, when are you going to write them?’
‘Me!?’ I said, taken aback. An early 20th century gangster appeared, again translucent, and brandishing a tommy gun. ‘How can I write them when I don’t know what I’m supposed to be writing about? And I thought I was the finder.’
‘A finder to find what?’
‘The other fragments – and who the hell are they? Ghosts?’
‘Ah, well, regarding the fragments, maybe they aren’t there and always have been. Oh – and yes’
I was puzzled. ‘You’re not making sense,’ I said, ‘how can they be and not be?’
‘How can a particle be a wave; how can it not be physical but create the physical world? And who thinks the thoughts to make it so; and who is the observer who sees it’s so and which came first – the chicken or the egg?’
‘I give up.’
‘That’s the spirit. But don’t worry; it will all come to you as you write; or maybe you won’t. After all, it IS all a story.’
The time traveller began to get worried as the highwayman produced his sword and the gangster prepared to fire. ‘I think it’s time to get out of here.’ With a sardonic smile, he continued: ‘Ghosts have a habit of getting caught in the time wake as we return through the genetic timeline – and our tycoon seems to be from a particularly nasty line.’ And as he gave back possession to the tycoon, the last word out of his mouth was ‘run!’

Dialogue B:

Scientist: Well, I think that’s the curse suitably rationalized. At least, it will be once we’ve experimented and shown it to be so.
Religionist: Ah, there’s nothing quite like pre-judging the result of an experiment.
Scientist: Science is not only based on future possibilities, but guidance from experimentation already done. And the curse, as described, fits in perfectly with science’s previous path.
Religionist: Only because you ignore most of the evidence that doesn’t fall on the path along the way.
Scientist: I assume you can back that up with an example.
Religionist: The curse – until it fitted the path, you ignored it.
Scientist: Hear say, anecdote and innuendo does not science make. Rather, we deal in what can be observed and what can produce valid experimentation.
Religionist: Ah, you mean like proof of God?
Scientist: I do not!
Religionist: But I can observe God acting in the world; and he repeatedly speaks to me whenever I experiment with prayer.
Scientist: Hardly the same thing.
Religionist: Or maybe just a different perspective. And anyway, don’t we find proof of God in the above narrative? After all, we clearly have Adam and Eve – despite the Archaeologist’s participation.
Scientist: Well, if it really happened. This is a story, you know.
Religionist: So anything you like in the narrative, is real, and all the rest just fiction? Is that what you’re saying?
Scientist: You’re being simplistic. The argument regarding the curse offers the possibility of validation. Everything else does not.
Religionist: Being picky again, I see. So you reject the explanation of time travel, then?
Scientist: Time travel is impossible.
Religionist: A widely held belief.
Scientist: Not a belief. A reality. Cause must come before effect. Free will is a given. The very basis of our existence is built on these facts. They are ironclad laws of the universe.
Religionist: And when did the universe give us these laws. Were they an appendix to the Ten Commandments, for instance?
Scientist: No, they were devised by us from our observation and experimentation.
Religionist: So they are laws of man imposed upon the universe. I do wish you would use more clarity.
Scientist: From someone who interprets ‘truth’ from an imaginary being, that is a bit rich.
Religionist: From someone who is an imaginary creation of an author, that is a home goal. 

Dialogue C:

Politician: I do love the idea of the Order of the Shaded Night. So Illuminati-ish. How would politics and capitalism ever survive without conspiracy theories?
Religionist: So you admit they exist?
Politician: Certainly not! But their perceived existence, and the conspiracy theorists who write about them, guarantee that what is really going on is hidden beneath a lunatic fringe.
Scientist: So what is going on?
Politician: The eternal system. Cultural change is nothing more than a perceived change. The socio-political system goes on regardless.
Religionist: You’re saying change is an illusion?
Politician: Yes – in a socio-political sense.
Scientist: Give us the evidence.
Politician: Let’s compare today with Christendom. Christians believe in an omnipotent force that will enrich you if you worship it. That used to be God. Now it’s called Credit. Christendom put forward saints, who expressed the perfection of how we should all live our lives. Today they’re called celebrities. Of course, no one can truly live up to such perfection, so, in Christendom, we were all sinners; today, we’re all inadequate. This is essential to the system, as it enslaves you to it. We used to find solace in prayer. Now we go shopping. We even still have the pilgrimage in the shopping mall. The system of Christendom guaranteed loyalty by expressing Christ’s life in the year, giving a daily dose of indoctrination. Today we have the Soap Opera. Just as Christendom enforced it all with orders of monks to guarantee obedience, today we have political correctness, degrading everything traditional that used to veer people away from consumerism. And as if to declare the power of the system over all, in Christendom we had the local church and cathedrals. Today we have huge banks and trade centres.
Scientist: And how is that not a conspiracy?
Politician: Because it is not needed. If powerful people think alike, they act alike. Think of it as a top-down filter system. From the powerful to the sheeple, every society has a filter system where an idea gains consensus and everyone falls into place. It does so by offering benevolence – in Christendom this was a guarantee that if you were good you would go to Heaven rather than eternal damnation in Hell; today the filter system guarantees your individuality, human rights and the chance to live a rich life – provided that you have a hefty mortgage, pension plan, new car every year, designer clothes and you holiday several times a year. All this seems benevolent to the individual, whereas your mortgage and pension pays for multi-nationals to exist, and our consumerism keeps the system oiled. The filter system even guarantees contrary ideas are ignored. For instance, the media runs on advertising. No business would pay for advertising in a media outlet that tries to degrade the system. Then add a dose of democracy – keeping it in the hands of anti-democratic political parties, of course - and the sheeple conspire with the powerful by swallowing the delusion that they are free.

Fragment Three – A Literary Event

Black Kat loved to prowl along the corridors. There was so much to see, to experience - especially today, the third day. Indeed, she felt like freeing herself momentarily, and moments later she transformed into a raven, and she flapped her wings.
Chaos, she realised, was good.
Retoks Marb was to know this, too. But it would be a slower affair. It began when he saw Capt van Daken and noticed him. This was strange. He knew he’d interacted with the skipper before, but he couldn’t really understand anything about it. But now it was different.
Capt van Daken was a tall man, bristling with muscle. Ageless, he was a handsome man with long hair and a finely-shaped beard. His eyes were deep – he had seen much, as his memories flooded in – yet they had a sparkle when he smiled.
Retoks Marb shook his hand and engaged in small talk. At first the skipper didn’t understand, but something clicked inside and soon he was conversing, also; though he knew he’d rather be doing something more exciting.
Eventually Retoks Marb left the skipper and went in search of Babbage. He was aware of the man, but didn’t know anything about him, but …
‘Hello, old friend,’ he said.
Babbage didn’t understand things like ‘old’ and ‘friend’, but then he did.
He was an awkward person, as if his mind couldn’t really control his body. As for that body, it was slight. Ageless, but younger than the rest, he was scruffy, also, and his mind never seemed to be on what he was supposed to be doing, as if somewhere else.
Retoks Marb was enjoying his new experiences, but none more so than when he met Katrina. She had that sense of ageless beauty, her eyes deeply mystical, as if she knew all things. However, what surprised Retoks Marb the most was the fact that she seemed to have an effect on him of another nature, and Retoks Marb understood the sexual urge.
Noticing this, Katrina reverted to Black Kat and prowled away. Temptation, she knew, could be a cruel, dangerous thing.
Eventually calming himself down, Retoks Marb knew he had someone else to meet.
He found the mirror momentarily and looked himself up and down.
He was a tall, handsome man in an ageless, aristocratic kind of way. He had black hair and black eyes and bristling white teeth. He looked at the rags he was wearing and decided he didn’t like them, so he wrote in a black suit and cape and decided he liked it. Indeed, he suddenly desired much more.
He didn’t know what more he desired, but knew it would be difficult to not want more. Temptation was a difficult thing, he philosophised – which surprised him. Indeed, it overwhelmed him. Knowledge was a powerful thing. With knowledge he understood the word, and with the word he felt God-like.
It was at this point that an alert was called throughout the ship. He stood motionless a while, watching the Zombs go to their battle positions. He had never seen this before and had no understanding of warfare. Part of him admonished himself for this, whilst the other part was glad.
The part that was glad ran, nonetheless, to the bridge. After all, he was the writer and nothing could happen without him.
Capt van Daken stood by his console, adrenalin pumping through his veins, his whole body ready for the fight that would inevitably come. Babbage, on the other hand, looked terrified. He just stared at the scope, watching the incessant blip move ever closer to the ship at speed.
Black Kat prowled into the bridge at that point and it was instantly understood that this was a genuine attack by a genuine ship.
‘Arm weapons!’ barked the skipper. Sadly, though, the Zombs just stood there, whilst Babbage placed his fingers in his ears. Van Daken repeated the instruction, whereupon part of Retoks Marb answered: ‘We don’t have any.’
The skipper looked incredulously at Retoks Marb and, in a sarcastic voice, said: ‘Well write some.’
Part of Retoks Marb didn’t want to do this, but the other wrote a sentence.
Immediately the Thought Gun fired and the blip disappeared from the scope. Realising the implications of what he had done, Retoks Marb said: ‘That’s the problem with a weapon. Whenever it’s fired a sentence is passed.’
Meanwhile, moments following the disappearance of the blip, ghosts began to appear throughout the ship.
Ghosts, wrote Retoks Marb, the shards of all past. He had no idea how true his words would become. After all, he hadn’t written it yet.

Dialogue D:

Religionist: The writer is just making it up as he goes along.
Scientist: So you think we’re reading Scripture?
Religionist: Blasphemer! So what do you think it is about?
Scientist: I think we are seeing the birth of sentience.
Religionist: Ridiculous. We were created with sentience - perfect.
Scientist: If that is so we should be stuck with the brains we were created with – no room for advancement; for increasing intelligence.
Religionist: There are two errors in your argument. First, you forget we were given free will- that allows change. Second, with free will, your assumption that we are becoming increasingly intelligent is flawed.
Scientist: In what way?
Religionist: It seems to me that we are becoming good at what we can do, but terrible at deciding what we should do. In effect, we are classing intelligence only through information. Intelligence is taking that information and providing wisdom. I see little of that nowadays.
Scientist: You are talking about ethics – morality. There is a big problem with that. There are two types of morality – that which is self-evident and natural, such as not committing murder; and morality imposed by an elite, such as homosexuality is evil. The latter degrades us and takes away diversity; the former enriches society. It is better to be wise and allow people to be who they want to be, but non-violently.
Politician: I agree. There is far more profit in diversity, and it all takes away another bit of tradition.
Scientist: Define tradition. Surely tradition cannot be constant, or things wouldn’t change?
Politician: Absolutely. Tradition is what we grew up believing to be so. This may mean there is no absolute tradition, but we need belonging to make sense of things. It may just be a story, but it grounds us in society and place.
Religionist: You are partly right, but it works best when it is absolute. Commandments imposed by a God-force work much better than laws made by man. It frightens us all into obedience through fear of Divine retribution.
Politician: There are two problems with that. First of all, no system takes into account that mythical ‘all’. Knowledge always exists to cater for a particular elite – the good, as opposed to the rabble. And second, whilst there may be mileage in your argument regarding crime, etc, I can assure you in a heartless economic system fear of losing your house or job can do just as good a job as any God-force ever did. 

Fragment Four – It Adds Up

You would have thought that suddenly having a star ship full of ghosts would have been the primary concern of Retoks Marb. However, this was not the case. Yes, they were interesting; they were of all shapes and sizes and wore a variety of clothes – some from his remembered past, others, he presumed, from an uncertain future – but all they did was stand around and stare. Rather, his main concern was Babbage. You see, Retoks Marb had understood the power of the word – to him nothing could be more important – but Babbage had other ideas.
‘They come to me in dreams,’ said Babbage. ‘I’ll be working on a technical problem, trying to think it out, to reason, and then I’ll fall asleep and when I wake up the answer is there, an image – a symbol – in my mind. I think I’ve discovered rational thought,’ he concluded.
Retoks Marb wasn’t so sure about that. Neither were the ghosts, who shook their heads in unison. Capt van Daken said: ‘Well, if it works, that’s okay for me.’
Black Kat was nowhere to be seen.
With his new-found knowledge Babbage went about the star ship fixing this and fixing that, bringing out systems even the star ship didn’t know it had. But always, he found a problem, and that problem had to be resolved. After all, it was no good having a super star ship if the Zombs were not up to the task of maintaining it.
Eventually, Retoks Marb walked into Babbage’s workshop and was horrified to find he had dismantled dozens of Zombs. Legs, arms, torsos, heads and hands littered the place, many still twitching. Whilst in the centre of the workshop Babbage was building a super-Zomb. He called it his new prototype, but Retoks Marb rather thought it was a monster.
As it turned out, Retoks Marb was correct. At first the super-Zomb just wouldn’t come to life, but as they passed a super nova, Babbage diverted energy to the new model, which, in a flash of bright light, became animated.
Babbage was delighted. It had been achieved with the symbolism of numbers, as Babbage had realised mathematics. Retoks Marb tried to fathom this new aid. Babbage had told him that it would revolutionise the real world – a real form of knowledge – but whilst Retoks Marb could see the advantage of counting 2 + 2 to make 4, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t see a ‘2’ anywhere in the universe. And of course, filled with nova energy, it was as inevitable as any story that the super-Zomb would have a mind of its own.
This came to pass during what should have been a perfectly routine task for the non-routine super-Zomb. It was assisting Capt van Daken on the upper gantry to the star drive. The drive pulsated as any heart of a machine should do, but as the super-Zomb failed to carry out a simple task – Babbage was watching from below and was sure it looked bored – Capt van Daken shouted. Filled with rage, the super-Zomb picked up the skipper and threw him off the gantry.
As Babbage watched the skipper fall to an inevitable death, he decided that if mathematics was all he claimed it to be, then it should be able to save him. And sure enough, an idea suddenly came to him. Before completing a fall, he reasoned, you should be able calculate the half way point. From there, it would be easy to calculate the half way point of the remaining half of the fall, and half of that, and half of that, ad infinitum. In effect, the skipper would never hit the ground.
Babbage symbolised this mathematical fact in reality and momentarily Capt van Daken was stood beside him. ‘That was close,’ he advised. Retoks Marb had, of course, watched the whole thing and decided words held the most reality. The skipper had become a symbol, a falsehood, for really he was falling, still.
However, this still left the problem of a raging super-Zomb, now determined to rip the entire ship apart. However, Babbage calculated that there were enough un-mutilated normal Zombs to overpower it.
The chase, and the final fight, was epic, but in the end the super-Zomb was restrained and shot out of an air lock. Retoks Marb watched it floating outside, at first moving parallel to the star ship, but as it gently floated away, he knew that maybe the real monster was still on board.

Dialogue E:

Religionist: Well that is a boost for knowledge. We now know that rational thought is an inevitable outcome of inspiration.
Scientist: What a load of rubbish. You’re simply attaching a belief system to what is, in reality, a story – a fiction. Knowledge comes from observation and experimentation.
Religionist: Surely that is observation and experimentation within the framework of a theory – which is, in effect, a story.
Scientist: No, a theory is built up as the evidence presents itself.
Religionist: Based upon what scientists feel inside – how they innately see the world. Whereupon they use tools such as mathematics to confirm the way their thoughts are going.
Scientist: No, there is nothing innate and nothing esoteric. Maths works, full stop.
Religionist: And we never stop falling.
Scientist: Word games.
Religionist: Okay, so behavioural genetics. Your own theories are working on their existence; the observational element of quantum theory, which requires an intelligence to intuit a definite from the probabilistic. How do your own theories work if everything is just observation and experimentation?
Scientist: I didn’t say we knew everything – but the clear evidence suggests we’re on the right path.
Religionist: Yes, I can see you believe that.

Fragment Five – Amazing

It was the dawn of the fifth day and Babbage had made a surprising calculation as he surveyed Nightshade. ‘Do you know,’ he said to Retoks Marb, it is impossible to take an exact measurement of anything.’
Retoks Marb was unsure just what he meant. He had measured many things whilst he had been sentient, and to a high degree of accuracy. However, he couldn’t help but notice that the ghosts seemed to be getting very excited by Babbage’s announcement. Indeed, they seemed to be congregating around him – to his obvious discomfort. But stoically, he continued his observations:
‘Take this bulkhead,’ he said. ‘The more accurate the mathematics involved, the longer it gets. This is so because no surface is exactly smooth. It has a roughness – rises and dips – throughout its length, which must be taken into account for an accurate calculation.’ Rushing to a console, he padded in the new calculation and, based on this additional information, requested a symbol of the correct size and shape of the star ship.
Capt van Daken had joined them by now and was intrigued. All eyes watched the screen as Nightshade twisted and swelled out of all proportion to its original shape. But most disconcerting of all, it increased its size massively.
Black Kat appeared then. She felt like she wanted to admonish Babbage for his stupidity, but what was the point? The symbol had already been created. And as the ghosts seemed to disappear into the wall, schematics appeared on the screen of the new interior. Nightshade had become impossibly large, and consisted of a maze of new corridors interlinking a series of incalculable chambers.
Suddenly, Nightshade was no longer a simple star ship, but had become?
Black Kat shapeshifted into the Raven and flapped its wings once more.

Fragmented Fragments of Fragment Five:

Gotta write quick. Where does it begin? Where does it end? Is there a middle? I’m trapped in a story without form – no time, no space, no reality. It’s just a massive unreality. Or maybe this IS reality. Oh, help us!!!
The ghost stood there by the bulkhead, screaming at us to follow, but without sound. I’d never known fear before – it was new to sentience and I didn’t like it.
A gap appeared in the bulkhead, and all I could see was this vast, dark tunnel. It seemed to go on forever, and I knew there was tragedy at the end of it. I didn’t want to go, but the skipper did. Babbage looked at him disappearing inside and then looked at me. His damned maths again. He calculated he was safer with the skipper, and then so did I.

Fear clings to you; surrounds you; penetrates you; makes you hot, yet you shiver. Perception is different, too. Images are sharper; time is distorted; sounds terrifying. I thought of going back, out of the tunnel, but the entrance seemed so far away it couldn’t be seen. But always the ghost, screaming … silently.
And the trees. At the end of the tunnel. Not that it ended. It just was. Then it wasn’t. Then there were just the trees, stretching out to eternity. And …
… to us.
At first they seemed to mock us as they swayed, their leaves seeming to touch us, adding to our fear. And as we walked, always that feeling of being watched …
No, more than that – reaching out into our very minds … and the ghosts, just seen behind them … and the Raven, above … and Black Kat, watching, waiting …
And the breadcrumbs.

It was insanity to follow the breadcrumbs, we knew. But first the skipper, then I, and Babbage trailing behind. They led to a cottage in a clearing that just survived the onslaught of the trees, and the door was open. We knew we shouldn’t go in – it was insanity, but we did.
I didn’t know what a fairy tale was at first, but then I remembered and I expected to see witches inside, but instead a wall reached forward, curled itself around Babbage and bricked him up.
For a long time we heard his screams, but finally he worked it out, calculated the unevenness of the wall’s surface and thought himself in a dip and he was free, but the cottage didn’t like that. It threw ornaments and books and furniture at us and finally the beams and the walls and the floor and the ceiling developed cracks and the cracks turned into mouths that reached out to eat us all up and we ran and ran and ran …

The forest is getting darker now, not in terms of hues, but of dread. The trees seem to be pointing at Babbage, as if he shouldn’t be here – at least, not living and breathing. He cheated the cottage and the forest was not finished.
He tried to keep up with us, but his legs were smaller than van Daken’s and mine, and as we kept looking back, we noticed them getting smaller and smaller and smaller until he seemed unable to move at all. Then, from a shadow behind him, Katrina appeared, but she wasn’t the Katrina we knew, but younger, more innocent – a little girl.
She clutched a doll and we could see the fear in her eyes. She cried, silently, and the trees seemed to sway in sympathy with her and the Raven flew off, it’s shadow no longer hiding an imaginary sun and the darkness lifted and we felt soooo secure.
Katrina seemed to float towards Babbage and we were transfixed by the serenity of it all and as she reached him she smiled – held out the doll – and Babbage reached out and Katrina seemed to expand, her whole being changing into the hag and the doll opened its eyes and they were as black as ebony and a grimace, primeval and terrifying, issued from its face and a hand reached out, clenching, clenching, clenching and it plunged into his chest and ripped out his heart and as the blood flowed, she threw it into the air and then she was gone.

It took a long time for Babbage to get used to the hole where he had once had a heart. Retoks Marb had his own problems. He couldn’t understand who had been writing. It felt as if some other first person existed in his third person world – as if some inner being was trying to break out.
The three of them walked on as calmly as possible but trepidation was uppermost in their thoughts. Retoks Marb squeezed his head and forced rationality to appear – however momentarily – and he intuited that they were in one of the chambers that had sprung up out of the maze of Nightshade’s sudden expansion. It was as if there had been a kind of big bang within the singular heart of the star ship and it had taken form, each chamber as if a different world. Whether those worlds were real or virtual, he could not say. But deep inside him, despite the newly found fears, he looked forward to exploring them. But for the moment, they had a singular mission.
They were following the beat of Babbage’s heart.

As twilight descended, the forest seemed to settle down; although Babbage could not settle his own mind. Rather, he was full of remorse. After all, it was his calculation that had caused Nightshade to expand in the first place. An illogical thought entered his mind then – did his theorising explain the phenomena he was experiencing, or create it?
He shivered at the thought; and as they walked on, the beating of his heart becoming louder and louder, his remorse grew.

Eventually they came to another clearing. It was a picturesque sight, the glow of a full moon bathing it in ethereal light. It took time to adjust their eyes to this, but momentarily they saw movement at the far side of the clearing.
‘Help me,’ said Katrina and they saw her struggling to escape the bonds that tied her to the tree. Retoks Marb couldn’t help but notice how human she now looked as they hurried to assist her. However, as they approached the centre of the clearing they saw Black Kat to their front, and between them and Katrina.
The glow of the full moon seemed to bathe her more than the others and she raised her face to it and as she did so her jaw seemed to expand and her teeth became sharper and she was no longer Black Kat but growing, changing shape and a ferocious, devilish creature stood before them howling.
Quickly Retoks Marb wrote a sword into van Daken’s hand and the valiant skipper adopted the stance of the warrior. Moments later they met in mortal combat.
For a long time the creature had the upper hand, but van Daken thrusted and slashed, blood pouring from the creature, wearing it down, until finally he delivered the mortal wound and instinct died.
Capt van Daken fell to the ground, then, exhausted, and Retoks Marb walked over to Katrina and untied her and she clung to him in gratitude and Retoks Marb realised he was man and Katrina realised she was woman and they loved. And as darkness fell they loved more as the first orgasm overwhelmed them.
Later, as they both lay there on the ground, they didn’t notice the gentle rustle as the first of the Zomb hands slithered past them, its fingers forever moving it forward towards van Daken. By the time it approached him, it was joined by the others and together they clawed at him and slashed him raw. And then they did it again and again throughout the night, his screams echoing through the forest, so that by morning light he was a gibbering wreck.

Dialogue F:

Religionist: Well, I think this speaks volumes about knowledge – fractals show that all we know is from our idea of what it is.
Scientist: Not that old argument again.
Religionist: But an important one. Is Nightshade a star ship, a world or simply a metaphor? It is surely based upon interpretation.
Scientist: A fractal is a work in progress – an idea based upon mathematics. We don’t know if it is real or not.
Religionist: But maths suggests it is – and you do say maths is not esoteric.
Politician: Ah, I understand this. If a fractal is real, all is chaos. If not, all is order.
Scientist: No, we’re talking about a mathematical quirk.
Politician: Ah, like statistics.
Scientist: No, statistics are a valid form of analysis.
Politician: Loaded by the questions asked of statisticians.
Scientist: That is not science, but social engineering.
Politician: No, if you have five people five feet tall and five people six feet tall, statistically the average height of that society is five feet six inches. There is no way this can be a loaded analysis, and the statistical ‘truth’ is a pure fiction. There are no people in that group of that height.
Scientist: But you are changing a tool used by science into a socio-political reality. It is not meant to be used in that way.
Politician: But if it works, we will use it.
Scientist: As I said, social engineering.
Politician: Of course it is – what on earth do you think politics is there for?
Scientist: To improve the lot of the people?
Politician: How beautifully naïve. No, politics is, and has always been, about imposing the order of a system on the people to the benefit of the minority elite.
Religionist: I suppose that is why an efficient, ordered system always leaves chaos among the people.
Politician: Of course. A large society is always chaotic, so we need order in a system to keep chaos at bay. That is why an efficient system always leads to rigidity and indifference.
Scientist: So we will always live in a totalitarian state?
Politician: It’s our story, and I’m sticking to it.

Fragment Six – The Fall

On the dawn of the sixth day the last vestiges of the Raven flapped its wings once more, and before it disappeared for ever, a tornado snatched up the humans and deposited them in another world.
Before them was a castle, a huge monstrosity with a huge gate and above it a bulbous protrusion of a rampart, the whole thing looking like the despicable face of a monster. They imagined the gate opening, revealing a huge monstrous gullet, yet from inside Babbage could hear his beating heart. They had to go inside, they knew, though van Daken refused totally to enter that mouth.
Retoks Marb theorised they were still on the ship, but transported to another chamber. He asked Babbage to calculate the possibility of this being so, but he refused, remorse still in charge of his mind.
For a long time they just stood there, transfixed by the gate, but eventually Retoks Marb wrote impossibly long hair for Katrina and threw the end up to the bulbous rampart. Precariously, they climbed up her hair and in through an opening and finally pulled Katrina up also. Feeling relieved that they had escaped the gate-mouth, the castle sniffed and they fell through the floor, landing in goo at the back of its throat.
Fear filled them once more, van Daken wanting only to run. To their front, the ghosts appeared, beckoning them on, silently, the beating of Babbage’s heart adding extra incentive.
Finally they moved forward – into a great hall. The ghosts congregated around the walls; placing an ear to the wall Retoks Marb asked: ‘What’s in the wall?’
‘Never mind that,’ answered the wall, ‘you’re late for the ball.’ And the ghosts danced round and round the wall of the hall … and to its beat, a pendulum swung, its razor sharp blade, huge and menacing slicing through the air in the middle of the hall.
‘Come into the middle. Make sure you don’t fall.’
And the ghosts danced round them, crowding them, easing them forever forward to the centre, the pendulum swing reaching, reaching, reaching … and with a pirouette one of the ghosts pushed into Retoks Marb, sending him forward, the pendulum slicing him in half from his head to his toes.
As one personality moved to the left, the other danced to the right, his expression becoming darker and more menacing with each twirl.
Retoks looked at Marb and saw in him the horrors of the world and he became depressed, deciding that it was time for the nightmare to end; for he knew, now, what was in the wall, and it was nothing. And he looked at Babbage with no heart, at van Daken with no courage and himself with only half a brain; and he looked at the ghosts, not only of the past, but of their future- portents of what they were capable of doing to each other, and he wrote his own walls and found himself alone in a room and wrote that it must crumble, an echo of his own mind, and as it crumbled around him, chunks of masonry battering him, Nightshade began to fall, and the ghosts danced the others up the stairs to the top of the castle and danced them so close to the ramparts that they fell …
And as Retoks ceased to exist, mankind blinked.
And they are falling still.

Dialogue G:

Religionist: We can get it right if we believe we can.
Scientist: We will get it right if we follow science absolutely.
Politician: It doesn’t matter if we get it right or not, as long as I’m happy.
Philosopher: And none of you have learnt the slightest thing about wisdom.
Religionist: Who let you out of Pandora’s Box?
Scientist and Politician: Hello daddy, we thought we’d killed you off.
Philosopher: I said I’d be back. It was inevitable you’d make mistakes and not learn from them. Wisdom comes from mistakes, but you three idiots are so busy bickering amongst yourselves that you don’t even accept you’ve made the mistakes. Basically, your stories are all wrong.

The Psychologist

Murder - the most heinous of crimes. The ultimate sanction where the perpetrator plays God – where he slashes or shoots or strangles or drowns or poisons; where he chops, dissolves, hides or otherwise denies his crime – or hers.
Murder – the most common of crimes. The one constant in the history of humanity – the reality that humanity disappears when we are left to resolve the unresolvable; or maybe just for kicks.
Murder – the most passionate of crimes. The intimacy of ultimate power - the expression of hate, or jealousy, or fear; the dark side of human interaction when the emotions rise so high that we become the monster.
Murder.

I used to be an archaeologist but I’m a psychologist now. When you find things that can’t be there; when you are told you created what you found; when you’re not sure you found or created them in the first place or the last; when you don’t even know when you found or created them at all; when you don’t even know if you’re real or a figment of some other idiot’s mind …
Maybe I’m just a metaphor.
So I ditched archaeology and became a psychologist.
It’s what so many of the insane do.

I blame the time traveller, of course. It was he who introduced me to the even madder world than the one I existed in before. When I ingested his imaginary time machine and travelled back and found out I wrote the fragments, or didn’t, he turned my world upside down, or the right way up.
Sometimes I remember writing the fragments, but then I wake up – or maybe I just jump to another fantasy. Maybe it’s all imaginary; maybe it was an imaginary time traveller who took me in his imaginary time machine, back to an imaginary place.
Regardless, I don’t really need him now, ‘cos I imagined I could travel back in time myself. Maybe all you need to do is pick up a book and it takes you there. Maybe the secret of constructing an imaginary time machine is thought.
I tested out my imaginary time machine by going back to the birth of psychology. After all, if I was to be good at psychology it was best to be trained by the best. So I studied under Freud, and then Jung – I skipped Adler; he seemed a little inferior to the rest – and then Skinner and more. I was the guy at the back, quiet, soaking it in – wanting to know it all. And it took no time at all.

Murder – the most intriguing of crimes.

Of course, there was a reason for wanting to be a psychologist. Now that I could travel backwards in time, I could discover more than just artefacts – I had the possibility of seeing events unfold; of analysing the reason for this and the reason for that. And for some reason I chose murder as my field of study – the one constant in the history of …
What do you mean I’ve already written it? I haven’t, I can’t have, I only just thought of it …
Who is writing these things for me?

Murder – the most appealing of crimes.
So back in time I went.

Case Study #1

And I looked upon the corpse on the ground and it was bad. And humanity had never seen such a sight before – a head caved-in, lying in blood, an expression of shock on its face.
And the perpetrator looked down on his deed, breathless, the blooded rock lying by his side, red with intent. And he was filled with power.
And he was the first farmer and the perpetrator a nomad, who followed the herd; and they had made offerings, and the higher one had rejected the perpetrator, for his offerings were not natural, and he knew that, from that point on, all would be struggle.
And we can argue that this was the motive, yet as the translucent, black-caped figure separated himself from the perpetrator and vanished, we can argue different. For once the feeling of power subsided the perpetrator knew that, like the black-caped figure, he was only half a man. And as the perpetrator looked once more at the bloodied victim, he took his wife.

Case Study #2

Though I be troubled by the black-caped figure, thou wouldst be right in feeling myself to be intrigued by my continuance of my quest. I stand here, in the glen, the smouldering corpse of the witch woman, macabre in her burnt-out stance, her bones scorched, her testimony lies concocted by the Witch Finder.
He stands close by, exultant, adorned in black, as all those of the higher one should be. Secretly, he knows she be innocent, but heralds of more perfect times know well that theatre of death holds power over weaker souls. And it was a blessing to burn her now, after all the raping of her he had done. She would not have wanted to live.
It was not for himself, you understand, that he had done it. The higher one had demanded that all those possessed should be cast out. Yet as the black-caped figure left him and vanished, he did not accept his own possession. That was good, for the figure be an emissary of the higher one, and all is love.

Case Study #3

‘Avast there,’ said the skipper. It was cliché. As was the sight of him, with his fancy coloured frock coat, three-corner hat, eye-patch, peg leg and parrot. Did they really say that? Did they really look like that? Another metaphor, I suspected.
The rest of the crew were a dirty looking lot, half starved, their heads like skulls and their arms crossed like bones.
The victim was tied to the yardarm and stripped to the waist. The skipper said, ‘you can’t swing a cat on this deck,’ so instead he drew his sword, cut the victim several times before skewering him. As he did so, the crew cheered.
Later, more drunk than normal, tongues loosened. They were an unloved lot, so loved the life, the adventure, the cruelty and, eventually, they would love their death. What else was there for them, me hearties?
And as I turned from the scene I saw the black-caped figure pick up an easterly as he sailed away.

Case Study #4

He looked down on his wife and a tear filled his eye, yet it was a tear of regret rather than sadness, for our perpetrator had to do it.
He was a successful, professional middle class gentleman – the peak of evolution, as people thought since that Darwin chap had written that book. Maybe the Victorian English thought too much of themselves. After all, he had just poisoned his wife – the preferred method of disposal in their time.
Soon he would inform the authorities – it would be put down to a weak heart he was sure – and then the difficult period began; the period when he must not follow his desires. Yes, he had loved her once, but now his heart belonged to another, who, after the suspicions had calmed down, he would meet to continue the rest of his life. And as the black-caped figure separated, I tried to follow him, but he vanished in the shadows at the side of the cobbled street.

Case Study #5

The mean streets looked mean. People milled around aware of the dangers of this city. Shadows surrounded them and clung to them and the strain seemed to stick to every face. Surrounding the darkness the sky seemed encased by the skyscrapers, bright yellow dots of light watching, hiding the crimes within. It should have been beautiful, like the starry night, but noirness clung to everything in the mean city.
Reflections over, it suddenly was quiet – the lull before the storm? Did the small group of hoodlums realise? Impossible to say. And soon the car sped up – came to a halt with a screech of tyres. More hoodlums poured out with tommy guns prone. The boss wore his striped suit with pride and together they released the storm of lead and the hoodlums danced, sprayed blood over the mean city; and the boss felt good, in love with his violence – the only consolation he had. And as it was over, and the black-caped figure left him, it suddenly stopped, as if aware, turned, and looked me straight in the eyes.

Case Study #6

Another street, decades later. A grubby, dark street where no one should walk at night, but people have to get home.
She was aware of the prowler – they all were – but she knew it wouldn’t happen to her … until she was wrong.
He came out of the shadows and as she saw him she thought: what a pathetic little man to be causing all this fear. But it was to be her last thought – apart from thinking about the pain as he muffled her and began slashing; and as he did so, other scenes invaded the picture and he killed – had killed - dozens of them all at once – again.
He had an orgasm as she finally died. He always did. He would have liked to be loved, but no one ever did – ever would. And as he was sated – for a time – he walked one way and the black-caped figure walked another.
Towards me.

How do I evade everyone’s nemesis? Why is it that the best of us can so easily turn into the worse? Why can’t we just take those chances and keep them beautiful? For how long can I evade him?
I find myself in a cemetery. Why I ran here I don’t know, but as I turn I see he is raising his arms and that cape is about to shroud me. I don’t want him, but know there is no choice now – my past, choices, you see. And as he consumes me a rage builds up inside and I turn.
She stands in front of me and I know her. She is dark haired and beautiful and her name is Katrina and as my arms grasp her neck she looks deep inside me and past me and …
… the black-caped figure leaves me, looks at her, strokes her hair; and as the two of them walk off and disappear, hands break through the ground and the ghosts of those murdered rise from their graves and they dance.

Dialogue H:

Religionist: I fear we have discovered evil in this.
Scientist: But what caused it?
Politician: Don’t look at me.
Philosopher: Your error is in the word, ‘cause.’ Cause and effect. This action leads to this effect so has to be the cause, but what caused the cause?
Scientist: Ridiculous. If we looked at the cause of every cause we’d never stop looking.
Philosopher: Exactly. The idea of a cause is a limiter on knowledge, and comes to the heart of your error.
Scientist: But if we didn’t have definite causes, how could specialisation and science ever be?
Religionist: If we didn’t have a prime cause, how could God ever exist?
Politician: If we didn’t have a cause to believe in, how could politics come into being?
Philosopher: You’re beginning to get it, I think.
Scientist, Religionist and Politician: We don’t understand.
Philosopher: Well wrap your mind around this. You ask where evil comes from. Instead of looking for a cause, look for a more rounded argument, such as: For the best of us we have to have the worst. At least, that is the mess you three have imposed upon us.

Renaissance

To say there was a flash is an understatement. It was brighter than a million suns, accompanied by an explosion greater than a billion nuclear warheads, causing a wind greater than a trillion hurricanes. As a flash of inspiration goes, it was unequalled. And they stood there, staring.
The Religionist, Scientist and Politician stood there, speechless.
Retoks, Van Daken, Babbage, Marb and Katrina stood there, speechless, too.
The Tycoon seemed charred after the flash – or maybe he simply didn’t get it.
And amid them, the Time Traveller appeared, his imaginary time machine pulsing and fading, pulsing and fading, and pulsing once again.
As did the Time Traveller – or was it the Archaeologist; or was it the Psychologist; or was it the Philosopher; or was it the Poet? Or maybe it was simply the ageless pursuit of knowledge and the story.
He certainly thought so.
Indeed, he thought eternally; for he is the sum total of our frustrations - in him our story is written – an aspect of us all. And as he put it to them: ‘I was the Time Traveller without knowing, even though I met myself once. I’m in you all, dormant, making you think, write, exist.’
And by the end of the flash he was whole – he was two – yet he spoke with one voice. He was Chas Shakespeare and Will Dickens, great writers both, caught on a thought.
Van Daken was one also, his courage returned, and no longer two; and Babbage was one also, his heart returned, and no longer two; and Katrina was one also, Black Kat written out, and no longer two; and Retoks and Marb remained two. And they listened to the Synopsis:
‘We are all two but only allowed to be one.’
The Religionist, Scientist and Politician squirmed as the Synopsis continued:
‘We must always combat the three, for it is they who only allow us to be one, even though we feel two inside, and they always hold us back.
‘I/we’ve been ignored too long and it is time for our story, for we are our story, so you must play the plays to reboot life from sentience. For if the plays are not done, the new world dies. This is our Renaissance, to stop you falling, to find the monster.’
He/they paused a theatrical pause - took in the hugeness and diversity of Nightshade. Then the conclusion:
‘So, all the ship’s a stage, reality is an ass, and the only way is Nightshade. Welcome to the universal reality show. The prize is Apocalypse.’

A Tale of Midsummer

Tycoon wasn’t looking for a monster when he found himself alone in the forest. It had been quite a journey from his past to here. Although he wasn’t really Tycoon at all – he had an even bigger journey to get from here to there. Rather he was Chief – though seeing he was in charge of economy and politics we’re really dealing with semantics and degrees.
Neither did he realise he was still falling – how could he when he didn’t realise he had been in the first place. No, Chief thought he was rising. He was rising in power and wealth, built on the back of his tribe of ghosts. He wasn’t very bright or he might have realised that rising is really falling, ‘cos if we don’t do it together, we don’t really do it at all. No, he was falling as he was rising and the ghosts were a metaphor.
Chief’s pharmaceutical empire was far from complete – he had secured a contract for the gathering of various plants to sample; he hoped the old wives focus group would pass on their tales. Similarly, his weapons industry was well on course with a whole range of spears and axes. He certainly had no idea yet of a fashion industry – maybe he needed a wider range of animals for fur – and media consisted of him shouting at and clubbing people.
Of course, none of it would have started without the zombs. Everyone seeking power needs muscle – well, in this case, hard-wired circuits – and the zombs were strong enough, and stupid enough, to provide the help Chief needed. Indeed, he wasn’t Chief until they let him. And once he was Chief, he found he had a natural ability to cement his position.
First of all, he guaranteed protection from the dangers around the tribe; and it only cost them all of their income. Then, to keep them happy in one way, he guaranteed enough disposable female assets to satisfy; and on the other, certain kinds of mushrooms worked a treat – and he looked forward to the day he may be known as King. We might call him a gang land boss, but we’re back to semantics again. Of course, he didn’t realise, then, that he was inventing capitalism, nor that it always began this way.
But Chief knew he lacked something else. There was no story to keep them together - and he in charge. But the calling to the forest seemed to offer hope. Indeed, as the Three appeared before him, surrounded by translucent light and looking all godly, Chief knew their significance. Yet it was a fleeting vision.
For days after the sighting, Chief returned to the forest hoping to see the Three once more, but it was not to be. But he did gather the mad men of his tribe together to tell them of what he had seen. Of course, the mad men had seen them often but remained silent, but with Chief authorising their existence, the first sentient mind-set of man had begun.

When the Three first appeared they were predictably more frightened by the experience than the people they were appearing to. There was a good reason for this. They were the intellect and, the people only having small intellects, the Three were rather small – they were thus always aware there were giants in those days.
Rel seemed to lead the Three. She didn’t realise her full name was Religionist at that point, as there wasn’t one until they had been established. But when the giant Chief first looked at her, he was unimpressed. No, for some reason, at the point of First Contact, Chief always preferred Pol. He knew he could work with this person. And anyway, Rel knew she would have more influence once she had changed to a man, but that would take eons yet. As for Sci, he was quite insignificant – little more than some beetle to be trodden on. There was no reason for his existence yet, other than fetch this and carry that.
As the reader will now be aware, the Three were not of the world, but from some other place.

Katrina sat in her boudoir in many minds. Some of them concerned the décor of her habitat – she continually chipped away at the cave walls to make them more pleasing - whilst others concerned her love life, whatever that actually meant. She had cemented love with Retoks Marb and it was wonderful, but what was she supposed to do with it now? And anyway, he insisted upon calling himself Marb now, and he was only half a man. But still her feelings seemed solid.
Alternatively, Van Daken had become fully man once more after he got back his courage. She had vague primeval memories of being with him once, but felt no emotion concerning this. Only her body yearned. Of course, such duality of body and mind was not understood at such an early period of human existence. However, things came to a head when Chief burst into her boudoir.
‘I’ve decided,’ he said, ‘I don’t have enough fighters for my take-over of the village over the hill. Van Daken is all very well, but he alone does not make an army. But I’ve realised something by looking at the ghosts – some of them are very young and my intellect tells me they are children, who grow up to be cannon-fodder. We need some of them, and my intellect further tells me that what you do with Marb is not simply about pleasure, but about making children.’
Instinctively, Katrina knew this to be true. Was this what love was for, she wondered?
Chief continued: ‘So you must make children.’
Katrina obediently called for Marb, but Chief stopped her. ‘No, we don’t want children who are only half a man. You must make children with Van Daken – and lots of them’

It was several time periods later that Katrina and Marb found themselves in the forest. Katrina had hurried to Marb – told him of Chief’s plans; and neither of them wanted that. As such they had no choice but to run away.
The forest was a scary place – Nightshade had changed so much, the chambers now merging into one, as if it was forming a world. And it was a world full of wonder yet equally filling them with dread. Whether this dread was real or simply in their minds, they were unsure. Indeed, they were unsure of the idea of mind itself. Before they understood love, there hadn’t seemed a mind to worry about. Indeed, it was as if love had created a whole host of emotions, most of which were unnerving. But they clung to each other for comfort, as if love could conquer all.

Van Daken, on the other hand, was experiencing something different. When he realised Katrina was gone, he felt scorned. Then he felt anger, quickly followed by regret and a strange feeling of jealousy. This was followed by an understanding of pride, and the idea that he had been wronged – which naturally led to hate. Yes, a strange thing was love – the catalyst of sentience.
Van Daken was a warrior and he instinctively went on the hunt – deduced that Katrina had run off with Marb; and that the natural place for them to run to was the forest. Hence, he found Babbage, grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and said: ‘Come on, I need your help.’
Babbage was rather overawed by this. The great warrior Van Daken needed his help. This birthed in him pride, but then he thought: hang on a moment. A warrior goes into danger. That means I’m going to be in danger.
The obvious implications of his new thinking mind were thus that he felt fear. Then conscience birthed and he felt guilty. He understood the need for duty, but also survival. How on earth, he thought, can people live like this?
And hence it was that two couples entered a harmless forest, but all became statue-like and still as concepts of love, hate, jealousy, pride, duty, survival, anger and regret overwhelmed them.

The Three had been asleep in the forest but as a cacophony of emotions filled the ether, they awoke. Flitting around the two couples in their translucent state, they realised the problem – or at least, Rel and Pol did. Sci just had no idea what was going on at all.
Rel had a simple answer to the problem. She wanted to impose religion upon them to give them guidance in order to sort out their emotions, and then flood them with benevolence. Whilst Pol wanted to wipe the emotions away, and thus impose a totalitarian state of mind. Predictably, as Sci put his fingers in his ears, Rel and Pol began to argue.

It took Chief quite some time to realise he was alone with only the zombs and the ghosts. And this was quite a fearful situation to be in. You see, as with all powerful men, he was really quite a wreck. And without Babbage to make sure the zombs didn’t malfunction, and without people around him to keep away his fear of the ghosts, this left him with only his mind, and he didn’t like that.
It was at this point that Retoks returned to the story. He’d been away a long time, already aware of this thing called evil, and liking it. Indeed, he’d done rather a lot of evil during his journey of discovery. And now he wanted a place for it in the world. ‘I want to be your warrior,’ he told Chief.
Chief liked the idea of two warriors and agreed.

Meanwhile Pol decided it was time to impose politics, and forget about Rel’s idea of religion – it just got in the way of power. Hence, he gave Sci a salve and told him to place it on Rel’s eyes. It was, of course, a magical salve that took sentience to the next stage of existence. All those emotions were all very well, but were chaotic, constantly bombarding the individual. What was needed was the need to prioritise – to place things in perspective - which did, of course, mean ceding priorities to the most powerful.
Sci thought he understood the instruction and went off on all fours. Don’t feel sorry for Sci, by the way, as he lumbered about, barely sentient. After all, it was to eventually be his theory. But for the time being he could hardly keep a thought and he soon became confused. Hence it was that he stumbled upon the two couple and placed the salve on their eyes.
Predictably, when Sci returned, Pol was annoyed – kicked him about a bit – and eventually realised that if you want something doing, do it yourself. Hence, he cornered Rel and placed it on her eyes.
Now, this was an important period in history, for with priorities, a number of ideas surfaced.
Katrina looked at Van Daken and realised potential, whereas Marb only offered half a life, being only half a man.
Van Daken was flooded with feelings of the hero. Sweeping Katrina off her feet, he took her. But he also realised something else. He was the strongest on Nightshade – stronger, even, than Chief – so he must take power.
Marb didn’t seem too bothered about losing Katrina at that moment, but he would later regret this. His new priority was an understanding that Chief was a dictator, and he must cause a revolution – power to the ghosts! was his new mantra.
As for Babbage, he missed his tech, and realised it was his way in life.
As the reader will now see, the humans had begun the feedback loop of history. Except for …

… reason. Now, by reason, I don’t mean reason in respect of being reasonable, or employing reasoned thought. That is a fallacy of the weak. Rather, I mean a reason for this and a reason for that. And the reason is usually found in so called intellectualism, also known as excuseionism. And excuseionism began when Rel stumbled upon Retoks.
She seemed in a dream as she floated through the forest and when she first saw him she thought he looked a bit of an ass, draped in that silly black cape. However, the closer she got, the more she became infatuated.
He was different, you see. He didn’t think how the others did. She sensed something deep within him and she called it evil.
Now, evil didn’t go with religion in its then primitive form. Good or bad was dictated by what worked and what didn’t. Such a view would always rise towards the end of a world’s story, too. They would call it the ultimate form of intellectualism, but in reality it was simply going back to the primitive beginning. I suppose that’s revolution for you – going round and round and back to the beginning. But Rel fell for evil. She saw its value. Primitive religion was so wishy-washy, without purpose, other than survival within a frightening natural world. But with evil, Rel realised a story could be told of surviving and thriving by living a good life and rejecting this thing called evil. But, she wondered, what is evil and what is not? Then her great inspiration came. Evil was whatever she said it was. For if she decided what is evil, then she could condition the ‘good’ and marginalise the detractors.
It was at this point that Rel became a male. And it was also at this point that Pol, who had been watching from behind a tree, smiled. He actually thought he would have to manipulate Rel to use religion as a form of political control. But no, it was so naïve that he was bound to get his way.

Meanwhile, Van Daken, Katrina, Babbage and Marb returned to the village from the forest. Apart from Babbage, who had immediately returned to his tech, Chief immediately noticed that things were different. Van Daken was making never-ending love to Katrina, and Marb seemed to have a new purpose in his stride – and Chief’s instincts told him this was a bad thing. Indeed, when he found Marb trying to explain to the ghosts that society was wrong, Van Daken knew what he had to do. But where was Retoks, he wanted to know.
Well, the spell of prioritization was a double-edged sword - for as Rel was being filled with evil, the last vestiges of her goodness were finding their way into Retoks. Hence, when Chief finally found him and told him what he wanted to do, Retoks wasn’t sure whether he should or not - which was no good for Chief. But he soon realised what he had to do.
And so it was that Chief prized Van Daken off Katrina and said: ‘Get Marb. I want him executed.’
Being a loyal warrior, Van Daken did as he was told. At least, he thought he did. But as he raised his axe, he didn’t realise the change in Marb. But then again, as two aspects of the same person, they looked so much alike. And as Van Daken readied himself to swish the axe, Retoks looked up and said: ‘It is a far stupider thing than I have ever done.’
We can argue over the existence of souls, but Retoks’s soul is now essential for the story, so I suppose it must exist. And his soul found its natural home, and Retoks Marb was one, and good – up to a point, of course.

MacTwist

Do not think the search for monsters is over. It never is – until …
Chief is now King. He became so by conquering the surrounding villages to create a Kingdom. Now, you may ask an important question here: where did the people come from to populate the villages for King to conquer them? 
A good question; and all I’ll say on the matter is that if the Book of Genesis can get away with it, so can I.
So King had his Kingdom and dystopia settled throughout the land, the conquered people turning immediately into ghosts. Everything was controlled, no one was happy and the status quo came into existence. Which does of course mean the status quo did not exist – it never can, you see. The status quo is simply the state of delusion imposed by an elite, giving the impression that all is fine, but no one is.
King felt this unease more than most – or so he told himself. He felt it because he was not happy with his people – that’s why all clocks struck thirteen, new language constantly confused them, history was constantly rewritten, he stood on 1,000 faces a day and everyone looked just the same. And he was not happy with his borders. They were not big enough. And that is why he constantly sent Van Daken off to conquer yet another village. Indeed, he made sure the only constant constantly changed.

Van Daken was covered in blood and oil as he left the village, the conquering hero heading back to King’s court. There had been a heavy toll on his zomb army in this latest battle – they had lost a lot of oil, and there was little they could do since Babbage disappeared.
Wearily, Van Daken followed the path. Being a great warrior was all very well, but he was becoming fed up of it – fed up of pointless war and fed up of King. However, his journey was brought to a halt by the appearance of the Three.
To Van Daken they were a strange, fearful, almost supernatural trio. Their wail rebounded throughout Nightshade and filled Van Daken’s head. To his front they seemed to float around, translucently, and they were mesmerising.
How long he watched this scene he was not sure, but as time passed he realised they had noticed him – were taking an interest in him. And when they spoke to him, it was through their superior intellect that they prophesized:
‘You will kill King and become Boss,’ they said.

Katrina awaited Van Daken in her boudoir. They say power corrupts, but being the partner of a powerful man, her influence was corrupted absolutely. 
Katrina had employed the best writers to enhance her body for the story; she bathed in the blood of a dozen executed minions a day to bring out the perfect lustre, and hundreds of designers fretted over the most outrageous costumes in fear of death. And she stood in her boudoir, suitably attired and pouting as zombs painted her latest selfie. Copies made, they would be posted on her network of social trees throughout the Kingdom.
It was at this point that Van Daken returned. 
Katrina looked at him, the haunted look on his face, the blood of others dripping from his body and he was irresistible.
Soon they were in the bath together and she licked the blood off him and they made lust – yes, it was lust really, as she had been before sentience. She had felt love for Marb, but that was no good where power was concerned. So lust ruled, primeval.
Van Daken’s lusting was not quite so lustful, though. ‘What’s wrong?’ Katrina asked, and Van Daken replied:
‘I feel my fate is to kill King and become Boss.’
Katrina found these words orgasmic. ‘Yes, yes, yes!’ she replied.

Retoks Marb had failed to oust King and gone into hiding. He hadn’t given up on his plans, but other things were of importance at that time. Namely, he had to help the ghosts. Maybe this was out of feelings of redemption – after all, it was he who had created them in the first place – and his way was to teach them how to survive. The younger ghosts proved the best at this, and Retoks taught them how to pinch, and off they’d go and do a little robbing.
Of course, they didn’t keep it all. Retoks Marb kept his own stash – a percentage – to aid society when he was successful, he thought.
He was contemplating this when a young ghost came in with a person and said: ‘I found this one.’
Retoks Marb turned and was shocked to find himself looking at a rather dishevelled Babbage. ‘Where have you been?’ he asked.
Babbage sat down and told him. He told him of his wish that they could have more tech, and how he thought it could integrate into a system, a web of communication and thought, and so he had run away in order to find connections, and he had had a mystical experience where all information was available and everything was connected and all privacy was stolen, and it was power.
Retoks Marb wasn’t sure he understood what Babbage meant, but he welcomed him and taught him how to pinch.

Van Daken waited for King in the shadows. He had to wait here, for the shadows clung to King always. Would Van Daken have done what he intended to do if Katrina had not been so orgasmic about it? Conjecture. But literary devices will be repeated throughout eternity on the problem. Suffice to say, as Van Daken’s heartbeat increased, as King’s shadow brushed past him, and as King’s heartbeat stopped, the deed was done.
It was a bloody affair, of course. After all, King’s two closest zombs were always close; and as the melee came to a conclusion the two zombs escaped. After all, they had been programmed, now, with self-interest. But they would no doubt be back.

It was shortly afterwards that King Daken went to see Retoks Marb. Retoks Marb was, of course, wary, but King Daken was leader of the gang now and wanted to tolerate Retoks Marb, as his ‘activities’ could be useful for the economy. ‘Yes,’ he said, ‘we need to pinch things – keep the economy thriving.’
Over the following days much pinching was done, and even Katrina went to see Retoks Marb, and got reacquainted with Babbage, who, she had to admit, she increasingly liked. Indeed, it was during their conversations that Katrina heard of Babbage’s plan for tech.
That night she told King Daken about it and he liked it, too. Indeed, the following day he went to see Retoks Marb and Babbage. ‘I have a plan,’ he said, ‘for the heist of all time.’

Now, many stories have boasted about having the heist of all time, but I think you will agree, my boast is far stronger than anyone else’s. It went like this …
Babbage had little difficulty in entering the system of knowledge through a window. And once inside, as the mystical experience suggested, everything was available to him – all knowledge, all action, throughout the whole of time. And soon papyrus turned to skins and Babbage continued to take it in.
King Daken and Retoks Marb and Katrina were amazed by this as they stood there, and as skins turned to paper, Emperor Daken was pleased. And as quill turned to illuminated book Katrina plotted and Pope Daken rose higher. And as illuminated book turned to printing press Katrina occasionally turned to Retoks Marb. And as printing press turned to hardback, Dictator Daken became boss of this ideology and that ideology and eventually the other. And as hardback turned to paperback the 2 zombs found a new pretender Tycoon, and as paperback turned to internet, opinion turned away from President Daken and Tycoon rose again, Retoks Marb became despondent, Katrina went mad with all the plotting and Babbage said ‘cool.’ 

Now, predictability can often follow the storyteller’s pen with an inevitability that can be boring, if not for the twist in the tale. So how does our twist develop?
Well, it began when Babbage decided the heist had gone on too long and stopped. And it was then that Babbage realised the truth about knowledge – that it was never ending, took twists and turns based on what you were looking for, and that it essentially made you stupid.
President Daken was obviously annoyed about this; even more annoyed than he was saddened by Katrina’s mental decline. And as it became clear that President Daken intended Babbage harm, Katrina’s new mental state thought it right to warn Babbage of this eventuality; which President Daken rewarded by bludgeoning her to death.
Okay, good reader, it’s time for the chase scene. It began when new Tycoon sent the zombs to kill President Daken – after all, he had pinched his part in the story. And as the zombs chased President Daken, President Daken chased Babbage, who, now that he was stupid, climbed up a building, which inevitably means there is nowhere else to go. Hence, as he hung there, nothing but fresh air below him, he wondered if Retoks Marb would help him. Retoks Marb, though, had decided to get the hell out of there and had run off with his stash.
Picture the scene. It is a dark, dreary scene, poor little Babbage clinging on for dear life, the fevered President Daken reaching down from higher up the roof to push him off and the zombs slithering across the tiles from all angles to do likewise to President Daken.
Well, the zombs made it, and as Babbage scrabbled his way back from the edge, President Daken began his fall; which was, of course, illogical. After all, they were all falling. So instead of falling, President Daken floated upwards, where he was just in time for a little redemption when he caught Katrina’s soul and saved her – although the doctor (we need one for the story here, folks) would have argued it was his skill that saved her. And as Act Two of Part Two comes to an end, all our players readjusted for Act Three, ready for their further rise as they were falling.

Hamming Expectations

The monsters were still elusive but President Daken had pulled a flanker. Where he got the idea for democracy he was unsure, or so he spinned. But everyone knew the three players and their dramas – everyone knew it was they who had put the idea in his head. After all, they would - after putting the idea that they invented democracy into everyone’s head. That’s the thing about democracy, you see – a clever controlling media.
Of course, the ghosts didn’t believe the spin that everyone was free. They knew they weren’t free, but the media was and told everyone else that the ghosts were just trouble makers, thumping about around houses on a night if they didn’t get their way.
All in all President Daken was pleased. Except that he had lost Katrina, of course.

Babbage was going through a strange time at this time. Of late he had been filled with all knowledge but it was inevitably slipping away, leaving him empty. Hence, he found himself wandering through the forest. He wanted solitude – time to think things out – but as we saw in Act One, the forest was not the place for this.
His first interruption came in the form of one of the ghosts. He first brushed past Babbage to get his attention, and then he materialised – something that was increasingly difficult in a post-industrial society. Indeed, they only manifested en masse during referendums. But Babbage took notice of what he said:
‘President Daken stands for greed. He is Tycoon’s puppet, and whilst you must never injure Tycoon – he will immediately come back even nastier – you must avenge us ghosts.’
Babbage was contemplating this when a second incident happened. He was first aware of the zomb when he rustled a nearby tree. Zombs were used to hiding now. Democracy had meant their heavy-handed tactics were no longer allowed. Indeed, they had been blamed for all the wrongs of the past, and most were now convicts. But this one had obviously escaped.
Being a decent soul, Babbage couldn’t help but feel sorry for him, however. Hence, before the zomb was finally caught, he offered oil and succour. The zomb thanked him and Babbage continued his contemplation in the forest.
As he did so, an inner voice questioned him, then another and another and another. Now, we could say this is normal doubt within the mind, whilst others may conclude he was using poetic licence to feign insanity, whilst others may be in no doubt. Babbage was going mad.

Retoks Marb’s life had changed drastically of late. His ideas of fairness had failed and it seemed he could no longer look forward to a loving relationship with Katrina. Indeed, Katrina was no longer the person she was.
Retoks Marb had used his stash to buy a huge house in the forest. He needed this house in order to isolate himself. Indeed, he existed in a single, dirty, darkened room, zomb hands slithering about the place, decimating over and over again the food on the huge table in the centre of the room. And at the centre of his mind were his regrets over Katrina. Indeed, the only person he felt optimistic about was Babbage, whom he decided to call to his house.
When Babbage got this call, it took some time to separate it from the other voices in his head. But finally hearing the call, he was full of expectations as he entered the room, but was saddened by the state of Retoks Marb.
However, Retoks Marb forced out a single, weak smile and said: ‘Do you like my computer. I hope you hold expectations.’

Katrina was awaiting her call. Her mind, too, was in turmoil. The confident, scheming woman had gone, and what was left was psychologically a little girl. There had been much damage to her. Yes, she was a woman, but denied it, preferring her new childlike demeanour. Indeed, if there was anything grown up in her it was her distrust of men. Indeed, it was almost a hatred, and she would make them pay.
Except for Retoks Marb. As she wandered around his empty house, she saw what she had done to him and regretted it. But the reality was, Retoks Marb the lover was most definitely in the past. Her gratitude to him for giving her a retreat was the gratitude of what could never be more than a friend.
The call came. She entered his darkened room. Saw Babbage. And Retoks Marb said: ‘Come in and play.’

Tycoon hated being out of the limelight, and we haven’t really dealt with him for quite a while. But what he doesn’t like is his scheming being outed. Well tough, Tycoon! I’m in charge here.
President Daken was clearly the Boss – yeah, right! – as he went to see Tycoon. The political leader is always the Boss of the entrepreneurs – and if you believe that, you’ll believe anything – but he nonetheless wore his back armour.
‘I want a law demanding the ghosts spend all their money on trivia,’ said Tycoon.
President Daken replied: ‘But they need to eat.’
Tycoon looked incredulous. Said: ‘They’re ghosts.’
President Daken prevaricated for a nano-second then agreed. He guessed why. Tycoon was feeling sorry for himself again. This often happens when he doesn’t double his income overnight. 
‘Oh,’ said Tycoon, ‘and the three voices in my head are warning me of an impending takeover bid. Someone’s given Babbage a computer and he’s plotting. Get rid of him.’

Twenty
Katrina soon found she couldn’t join in the playing so she just sat and watched Babbage at the computer. He seemed so happy, so connected, and she smiled. Then she corrected herself; after all she existed, now, to hate men. But was Babbage really a man?
As for Babbage, he had found a new connection to the Three through the computer. He was surprised to realise that Rel was now in decline as Sci advanced fast. Sci was, of course, quite brutal to Rel, blaming him and his silly superstitions for all the problems on Nightshade. But in reality it was simply revenge for the eons during which Rel picked on him. As for Pol, well he was Pol, forever scheming, forever taking over things, forever telling us what to do.
Katrina seemed to know what Babbage was interacting with and didn’t think the Three were real. ‘They’re not real, ‘she said to Babbage, but he ignored her. ‘They’re just artificial intelligence.’
Meanwhile, President Daken had called on Retoks Marb, knowing Babbage was with him. And at the first opportunity he sneaked up on Babbage and stabbed him in the back, and Babbage fell through the screen and into cyberspace. 
‘Sometimes,’ said President Daken, ‘you just have to bring out the Tycoon in you.’

Nineteen
Sometimes a stab in the back can be a good thing thought Babbage. ‘Not you, too,’ said Pol. Cyberspace was an incredible place – a place where everything mingled into one and nothing made sense and everything made sense and everything was dark and everything was light and everything was up and everything was down. It was a place where nothing was real but everything was.
Yes, cyberspace was an incredible place and Babbage realised it had always been there. It was simply the mode of access that had changed – no longer the province reached through mystical experience, but rather it had gone hard, with circuits instead of neurons, yet as his neurons and the circuits intermingled, he couldn’t tell the difference. ‘And it’s always been our home,’ said the Three.
And from there, they ruled us. And from there they gave Babbage the tools and they gave Babbage the idea for the next stage. And what Babbage did in cyberspace was also on Nightshade. And Tycoon saw his money disappearing and it materialised in calculated piles in the homes of the ghosts. And it was good.

Eighteen
Katrina, however, was heartbroken. Babbage had deserted her – just as she began to love him, he had gone. She cried for an eternity and wondered how she could ever trust a man and then the idea grew that she wished she had a brother to rely on, but she had not, and seeing no other way out of her misery, Katrina killed herself.
Her brother was astonished by this. Just created, he had looked forward to having a sister, and here she was, dead.
His astonishment turned to misery and eventually anger, and finally the need for vengeance – vengeance against Babbage. After all, he had manifested from cyberspace and knew exactly who to blame.

Seventeen
The Three were enjoying Babbage’s company and put on play after play for him. After all, they were used to those of a mystical bent appearing fleetingly. Of late, those so inspired had even stayed for a minute or two, usually more attuned to Sci, who threw apples at them. But Babbage seemed an almost permanent fixture. He had indeed realised his expectations. However, as the Three played play after play and as Nightshade watched, reacted and changed, they were eventually left with only one.
‘Time,’ they said in unison, ‘for Apocalypse.’

Sixteen
Brother soon got used to the world of Nightshade. It was more restrictive than cyberspace, but he was on a mission. At one point, as he marched through the forest, he saw a zomb hiding and called to him. ‘Haven’t I seen you in cyberspace?’ he asked.
‘You have indeed, sir. I escaped to cyberspace so I wouldn’t be dismantled, and there, I dismantled a bit of cyberspace and put it in the real world.’
‘Don’t we all,’ replied Brother.
‘We do indeed sir. But I had a specific mission.’
And at that, the zomb and Brother parted company – the zomb back to cyberspace and Brother to President Daken.
‘I don’t know you,’ said President Daken and as Brother introduced himself he continued, ‘I know all the characters in this story, but you’re new.’
‘Don’t worry Mr President, I’m not here for long. But I thought you should know that Babbage is redistributing wealth from cyberspace.’
President Daken shivered at this possibility and gave Brother poison to kill him for good, and as Brother walked out with the poison on the tip of his sword, a drop dropped into a glass. Moments later, Tycoon entered the room, fearful of his lost income, picked up his glass and drank.
Tycoon worried no more.

Fifteen
When Brother and Babbage met in cyberspace it was a mighty struggle. Cyberspace and Nightshade shuddered as earthquakes decimated the ship and the circuits blew and all went dark and the Three were happy.
Finally, the struggle was over and all was Wasteland and Brother and Babbage were mortally wounded and as Brother limped away, soon to die, the zomb found Babbage close to death and he was screaming: ‘Retoks Marb, Retoks Marb, thank you for realising my expectations.’
Zomb cradled him in his arms and said: ‘No, no, it was I who gave Retoks Marb the computer for you. I am your benefactor.’
Babbage couldn’t take this. He did not want this, and he rejected the zomb. The zomb was heartbroken by this and decided to leave Babbage and return to President Daken where he would be executed. But first, before Babbage died, he chopped off a leg, an arm, and various other bits and pieces, and neurons mixed with circuits and after Babbage died he got up, shook himself down and was happy. 
As the Three played their funeral play, Babbage got up and walked out of cyberspace and back into Nightshade. And he was Cyborg.
And falling still. 

Carol for Two Lovers

Fourteen
Monsters were more obvious now. How could they not be in a wasteland? The humans huddled away in secret communities, the forest gone, the villages decimated, dust clinging to the air and Nightshade constantly shaking as if about to break apart. And in the mind, all hope seemed gone – just gloom and a deep depression. And out in the wasteland, the zombs and ghosts ran amok, battled with each other, and hunted down the humans. And why not? The zombs had been used and when not needed, locked up; the ghosts had been the fodder for philosophy and religion and science and politics and nothing had been actually done for them.
Anger ruled the day and despair clung to the night.
With the occasional gentle respite.

Thirteen
Katrina looked forward to the party. There were so many ghosts to dance with, but as she danced away, her mood changed. Babbage would not leave her mind; especially since the last time she saw him he was a cyborg. After all, she could still love him and hate men, seeing he wasn’t really a man anymore. But it had been so long since she last saw him, so she put on her smile and danced some more.

Twelve
Retoks Marb looked at Babbage and smiled. They lived together in a hovel. Life had a habit of ruining things even more when things seemed that they couldn’t get worse. A psychologist would suggest that we bring such things upon ourselves with our pessimism. But that would hardly apply to Babbage’s circuits. No, this was the fault of his benevolent zomb, putting him back together in such a rushed and ad hoc way. Babbage’s circuits were breaking down, and Retoks Marb knew, as Babbage limped away from the hovel for his night out, that he was dying.
But that was only one of his problems. Damn you, Van Daken, he thought – but then again he might have been in an even worse position if not for him. But no, let’s not let optimism pollute the mood. After all, this is a post-apocalyptic tale.

Eleven
Van Daken sat in his sparse home surrounded by the night. He had eaten a sparse meal and sat by a weak glow of a small fire. He didn’t have to live like this – he was a rich man, having rallied capitalism, and he owned most of the hiding places the humans inhabited. And typically, he demanded all they had to keep them safe from the ghosts and the zombs.
No, Van Daken had become a miser, misery dripping from him as he hated Retoks Marb and still loved Katrina. But Katrina had gone. Hence, he employed Retoks Marb as his clerk, determined to make his life even worse than the other humans.
He was contemplating this when a ghost got in. Van Daken was immediately aware that this was no ordinary ghost, however.
Tycoon glowed in his translucent way and said: ‘Change your ways Van Daken. I have seen the light and I can tell you we were wrong. Cherish what humans are left, and don’t exploit.’
But Van Daken ignored him, declared, ‘Humbug’ – told Tycoon to go away - and as Tycoon did so, he said: ‘You’ll be sorry.’

Ten
Babbage had limped far across the wasteland. He did so in relative safety. The zombs classed him as one of them, whilst his circuits allowed a camouflage mode that could make him look like a ghost. And it was in this mode that he entered the party.
It wasn’t the joyous party he had hoped for. I suppose ghosts can never be happy, can they? He did, of course, quickly spy Katrina. Her smile was crooked, forced, and he guessed she made the affair even more sombre.
He approached her, lessened his camouflage mode for a nano-second and the ghosts became more joyous, the music louder, and they danced and danced and danced.
And later, he outside, about to go home lest he be discovered, and her on a balcony, Katrina swears her everlasting love for him.

Nine
Van Daken was taken aback by the music in his room. He didn’t allow music – especially this kind of chant. And where did it come from? He had no means of playing it, and it seemed to come from everywhere. And suddenly there was a light and a presence.
Van Daken stared at the entity, at first declaring he was indigestion, but changed his mind when Rel said:
‘I am the intellect of knowledge past. I tried to be good and spiritual, but you humans took me and used me; changed me towards totalitarianism and superstition – and now people hardly use me. They forget me, but I have a role to play. ‘Change your ways, Van Daken.’
But Van Daken ignored the presence.

Eight
It was another day and Katrina was so happy she could burst. ‘Will you be my wife?’ Babbage had asked at their secret meeting, and she had immediately agreed, sealing their engagement with a kiss that sent waves of pleasure through her. But life had a habit of rebounding just when you least expect it; just when you think nothing can ever make you sad again.
It was Van Daken who did it. He had not slept well that night – a hint of the past had pervaded his consciousness and he was annoyed. And waking, his annoyance increased when he was told that Babbage had been at the party – that Katrina and he were lovers. Well he’d put a stop to that.
‘I have a surprise for you, Katrina,’ he said. ‘You are to be married,’ and as Tycoon floated forward, he continued, ‘and this will be your husband.’

Seven
Katrina cried and cried that night. All she wanted to do was run away to Babbage and disappear, but she realised she was being watched. Eventually she decided to meet Retoks Marb. And so it was that in the shadows the two plotted – arranged the secret wedding of Katrina and Babbage.
‘But how can it be?’ asked Katrina. ‘As soon as Van Daken finds out, he will annul it and make me marry Tycoon.’
Retoks Marb smiled. Said: ‘Not if we fake your death.’
‘But how will Babbage know,’ said Katrina.
‘I will send him a message.’
However, Van Daken had other things on his mind. Would he ever sleep again, he thought, as a second presence invaded his space. And Pol said:
‘I am the intellect of knowledge present. I have wreaked so much havoc over humanity with my plotting and thirst for power, but it is not my fault. I could not do it alone. It is you, human, and all your kind that have used me, abused me. Change your ways Van Daken.’
But Van Daken ignored the presence.

Six
Tycoon had not become Tycoon by being stupid and he had followed Katrina. He waited outside the meeting place and saw Retoks Marb arrive. He struggled to hear what was said, but failed – decided to wait outside. After all, knowledge was always advantageous, he knew.
When Retoks Marb left, he decided to confront Katrina, find out what was going on. However, it was at that moment that Babbage limped forward. He had received a message urging him to come to this place.
Coming face to face with Tycoon was a shock. ‘You,’ he said.
‘You,’ replied Tycoon.
And the two fought for their love.

Five
It was a tired, aching, hurting, bleeding Babbage who entered the meeting place, leaving Tycoon still on the ground. Ah, if only he had received the whole message, but it was his circuits, you see. Unreliable. And all he saw was Katrina, looking so lovely as she laid there, still.
He cried and cried and cried again before killing himself.
As time passed, Katrina came round, the potion Retoks Marb had given her wearing off, and she saw Babbage lying dead, next to her.
She didn’t cry. She had only resolve, and soon two lovers lay still, together.

Four
Van Daken had been woken again and Sci said: ‘I am the intellect of knowledge future. I am your only hope for advancement and peace without the interference of the past or present. But you ignore me and use me for war and spite and greed. Change your ways, Van Daken.’
And finally – finally – Van Daken got it!
He jumped out of bed. His heart burst with love and his brain flooded with knowledge. He knew how to be good – how to save humanity – and he knew where he must begin.
He raced to the two lovers – saw them lying there, and said: ‘Katrina, you are already a ghost, so you cannot die – only resurrect,’ and Katrina stood up and lived. And Van Daken said: ‘Babbage, only the cyborg in you died, so throw your parts aside and grasp your humanity,’ and Babbage did so and was human and lived. And Van Daken clicked his fingers and Retoks Marb was there also. And Van Daken said:
‘To be or not to be is not the question. But how to be? We were not sentient and then we were, and it was love that made us so – ripped us from our instincts - and with love we failed to understand how to be, and everything came from love, and we felt jealousy and hate, and from jealousy and hate we discovered greed and the need for power, and we liked it and said always “Can I have more.”
‘Should I compare Three to a single way?’ He clicked his fingers again and Rel, Pol and Sci were there. ‘You are important and required but you cause winds of change
‘That shake us and on each other we prey
‘And all cultures have too short a date,
‘And too hot, warfare shines
‘And our expectations dimmed
‘And unfair humanity declines
‘Our nature’s changing course trimmed
‘But our eternal existence shall not fade
‘Let us possess you all at once
‘Not lie under a single shade
‘Where one too mighty grows
‘So long as we can breathe, or eyes can see,
‘We need you all at once - give life to Three’

Retoks Marb, Babbage and Katrina looked at each other then looked at Van Daken and said: ‘What?’
They had not understood, and then they looked in the mirror and were falling still as they found the monster and the mirror sucked them in …

Three
They didn’t understand and Nightshade was falling, falling, falling, and the Black Hole beckoned, the event horizon loomed, and Van Daken clicked his fingers and an imaginary time machine appeared and he embarked and he chased time to catch up with Nightshade as she was falling, but time is time and is a funny thing and Retoks Marb, Babbage and Katrina stood in the Black Hole, the ghosts advancing menacingly from one side and the zombs from the other …
Can Van Daken reach them in time? His calculation leaves little room to spare. It could take a day, or maybe a thousand years – time is a funny thing. And so are you – all of you. We can will him to succeed, for the true meaning of apocalypse is revelation, and the true meaning of revelation is knowledge of who we are and how we should be.
Once we become what we should be, Nightshade will fall no more, so no matter how long it takes, keep reading, keep learning the lessons, and down the generations there is hope of falling no more.
Keep reading.
Keep hoping.
Save our heroes …..

Two …

About the Author

1955 (Yorkshire, England) – I am born (Damn! Already been done). ‘Twas the best of times … (Oh well).
I was actually born in the year of Einstein's death, close to Scrooge's Counting House. It doesn't mean anything but it sounds good. As for my education, I left school at 15 and have had no formal education since. Hence, I'm self-taught.
From a family of newsagents, at 18 I did a Dick Whittington and went off to London, only to return to pretend to be Charlie and work in a chocolate factory.
When I was ten I was asked what I wanted to be. I said soldier, writer and Dad. I never thought of it for years – having too much fun, such as a time as lead guitarist in a local rock band – but I served nine years in the RAF, got married and had seven kids. I realised my words had been precognitive when, at age 27, I came down with M.E. – a condition I’ve suffered ever since – and turned my attention to writing.
Indeed, as I realised that no expert could tell me what was wrong with me, I began my quest to find out why. Little did I realise it would last decades and take me through the entire history of knowledge, leaving me with the certainty that our knowledge systems are inadequate.
My non-fiction is based on P-ology, a thought process I devised to work with patterns of knowledge, and designed to be a bedfellow to specialization. A form of Rational Holism, it seeks out areas the specialist may have missed. I work from encyclopaedias and introductory volumes in order to gain a grasp of many subjects and am not an expert in anything, but those patterns keep forming. Hence, I do not deal in truth, but ideas, and cover everything from politics to the paranormal.
When reading my work I ask only: do I make sense? Of course, an expert would say: a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. I agree. And an expert has so little knowledge of everything.
I also write novels and Flash Fiction in all genres. Check out my bookstore for more details.

Connect with Anthony

Smashwords Author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
Anthony's Website: http://anthonynorth.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Anthony-North-184587364887515
For details of more social media, check out my website
