

NINETY DAYS


By Ken.Horton

Copyright 2012 by  Ken.Horton


SMASHWORDS EDITION








CHAPTER ONE


In which John is jerked out of his comfortable life style, tried and sentenced and as a prisoner learns how to clean drains and spends a day on the farm.


The shrill bell of the alarm brought him out of his deep sleep, above his bed a naked bulb clicked on glaring down on him and lighting the immediate area.  Looking around he quickly took in his surroundings and confirmed that he was the only occupant of a small little used dormitory. 

Originally fitted to hold about ten beds he could dimly see across the room  there were only six bed frames, a couple of broken single wardrobes and one side locker without a door, his was the only space that appeared complete. He recalled the proceeding day’s events, moved from the detention cell after his breakfast he was escorted by two guards to central administration and told to wait in a small bare room with just one chair.


After what seemed about an hour the door opened and an admin assistant stepped in,  “Beresford? ” John nodded, the assistant moved closer and read the identity card on John’s coveralls. “Follow me,” he turned abruptly and stepping through the door led him down a short blank corridor to another door, he pressed the intercom and spoke into it.
The exchange was inaudible but door locks clicked open as the assistant turned to John,  “Go straight in and stand to attention in front of the desk, do not speak other than to answer questions,”  he held the door open and John stepped inside.


Three men sat behind the desk, the man in the middle looked familiar but he could not recall where or when he had seen him, the man seated on the man’s left queried John’s identity and briefly moved from around the desk to read the identity card using an electronic device, John noticed that although he had no sign of rank he carried a Proctor’s side arm, “Identity confirmed” he said and resumed his seat.

There was a long pause and then the man in the middle spoke.  “This court has been convened for the sole purpose of passing sentence on the prisoner namely John Beresford found guilty in another place,”  he paused and looked up at the condemned man.  “Well Beresford you have caused some trouble, unprecedented in fact and we have been at a loss to know what should be done with you.”
“The seriousness of your crime cannot be stressed enough and cannot be rescinded, you have been found guilty of murder of a citizen which has never been given in living memory and even though it carries the death penalty with no reprieve we have no facility or wish to carry this out.”

“In view of this and also that a death sentence could have serious repercussions it has been decided to amend the sentence to imprisonment for life and you will be required as part of your sentence in various work designated by the Admin Section, you are therefore now designated as a special prisoner and your rank is zero, all credits you hold, your personal possessions, documents and your living accommodation are confiscate.”


“You will be moved to the admin accommodation section in the late evening tonight as we do not wish upset the general public with the sight of prisoners being transported on public transport. You will report daily to the Basic Services Section and given your duties . Initially you will be kept in isolation but after a trial period of three months you will be allowed to live in the main admin dormitory, your working week will consist of five eight hour periods with a one hour break mid period, one four hour period with no break, the remaining time you may use as you wish as long as you remain within the admin confines.”


Bringing himself back to the present he quickly swung his legs out of bed and stepped into his one piece green coverall that bore the legend on the back of “P” in large white letter and glanced at the clock on the wall, there was no time to have a wash or food he had just two minutes to report to the central control.


Remembering the directions given to him on his very late arrival he headed through the door and turned right into a short corridor that had several doors in the right hand wall with a line of darkened windows on his left, the door he wanted was immediately ahead carrying the sign “Restricted area authorised personnel only.”  He moved quickly to stand in front of it, raising his right hand he placed it on a panel in the door and waited, there was a buzz and the door clicked open, obviously he thought they had got his details sorted quickly as his palm print was read without trouble.


He found himself in a single cubicle as the door behind him closed and locked with a click, in front of him was a TV screen which glowed into life automatically and a disembodied voice spoke flatly,  “ State your name .”  He replied equally flatly “ John Beresford,” “State your section and rank,” “ Technical section, Grade 8,” he replied, there was a slight pause. “It is an offence to give incorrect information your reply is incorrect, state your section and rank.”
He sighed, “Special Prisoner, zero grade.” The machine hummed briefly, “Stand still while your status is verified,” the machine started to quickly scan him,  “You are verified, you have dressed improperly, 5 credits are deducted from you account.” He glanced at the mirror alongside the machine, one button on a breast pocket was unfastened, with the authorisation complete a further door opened to his right and he stepped into an empty control room as the door also closed and locked automatically behind him.


In the centre of the room was the all too familiar sight of a large transparent box in which were displayed small lights moving along pre determined lines, he recognised it immediately as the standard three dimensional display of the twelve level city rail system with the observation balcony above it.
He realised that he was in the main workshops of the rail system’s control room deep down on the second level where he had started as an apprentice so many years ago. Standing motionless he stared blankly ahead as his mind went back to just a few weeks ago. 


From a distance the city looked like a huge pile of jumbled boxes which on closer examination were seen to be large pale yellow protection sheets of thin plastic hung or suspended over the entire building’s structure, in some places many had slipped or fallen away completely due to lack of attention.
Built as a walled city some ten miles across it was approaching about seven or eight hundred years old and had four levels underground which were a legacy of nuclear days and a further seven levels above ground, with the exception of a few scattered sheds in the surrounding countryside few people lived outside.


Three punitive nuclear wars had decimated most of the major centres of the world, and few capital cities escaped total destruction, the ones that did or at least their major command centres were the only places where a very small amount of the population survived protected in deep underground complexes.  For several hundred years the human race teetered on the brink of extinction but by slowly modifying their living area and way of life and importantly finding ways to grow food again mankind survived.
Many of the cities left did not survive, the lack of sustainable facilities and local epidemics were too much to contain and due to the isolation brought on by vast areas of the earth too radioactive to cross no help in any quantity even if offered could be reached. The isolation increased as oil and gas stocks held in the few places that could still function could not be distributed efficiently because of the very high levels of radioactivity separating the populated areas.


Long distant transport was almost non existent, there was no commercial air transport but there was some very cautious co-operation between a few cities who shared the same seaboard if not in a contaminated area, goods and services were traded by stepping back in time and using sail, cautiously because there were many pirates and also foraging raids made by one city on another in their need for survival.
Cities that survived did so because they were fortunate in having an uncontaminated area large enough to grow basic food, in fact without that and a super efficient recycling system it is doubtful if any city would have survived. 


In this instance the city had managed partially because of the large extent of uncontaminated arable land available and the foresight of the authorities to demilitarise the whole of the country and re locate all defence systems to the outer islands, even this failed to avoid nuclear strikes and resulted in much of the industrialised and important centres of the country being decimated.
Originally called London the city became know as L1 which was also their radio call sign.  Little of the
original city had survived, but the death rate slowly increased due to epidemics that developed in closed communities and also one phenomenon, a type of radiation that appeared during daylight.
It took some time to discover a shield which gave protection, but this brought on it’s own problems as lack of full daylight on the body caused more sickness and increased the mortality rate considerably.


Due to the closeness of the river and access to the coast the city managed a small amount of trading with other cities, mainly the importing raw materials when available, a few artefacts and some technological information were exported.  A rail link was extended from the east side of the city to the dock area in order to transport materials to and fro and although the working areas of the docks were shielded and individual protection suits were used it was very difficult to urge people to work in this environment.


The basic power source was provided originally by boring deep holes and using the earth’s internal heat to provide steam for their turbines but even with solar panels there was always a lack of power.  Even the use of  wind turbines mounted high up on the roof of the city in the ever constantly blowing wind, the power supply was poor.
Lighting fluctuated as power demands changed during the day until by much experiment it was found that by using many large collector domes on the roof, daylight could be fed into the deepest levels using fibre optics with no ill effects on people. This had two advantages, a more healthy population and with lighting needs supplied this way during the day only a small proportion had to be supplied by other means.
By the time all this had been mastered the population had shrunk to a level where the demand for power was much less and so they managed to cope, and also they survived by closing off many areas of many levels of the city that were now unused.


In it’s hey day the city had wide open areas and avenues lined with medium rank and executive status accommodation, the higher the rank the higher the city level, the lower ranks and married couples were allowed accommodation in lesser popular areas while the lowest ranks lived in single cubicle dormitories  with separate ones for both sexes.


Due to the falling birth rate all children from birth were kept in creches and looked after by medical staff to try and reduce the mortality rate, some small success had been found in using this method.
Parent’s were allowed unlimited access with mothers being allowed to live with the child as and when they wished until it was deemed safe to allow the child into general society.
Marriage or partnerships were encouraged although religious groups who conducted the appropriate ceremonies were few, very small, and played no real part in the city’s daily life. But marriages by them were still recognised although the civil authority performed the majority of ceremonies. All partnerships were entitled to joint living accommodation regardless of their grade but on breaking up they would have to revert to their former accommodation.


Working was necessary and compulsory, usually a person was allowed choose their trade or profession, while retirement was only granted when the person was not considered fit to work, all retired people moved into supervised accommodation either in double or single units.
There were also dormitories for lower grade workers, apprentices, special duties and other small groups.
Following death there was a final service, over the years called by different names, and afterwards by law the body was claimed by the city when the rather gruesome but a necessary function was performed, the retrieval of suitable organs and even limbs for future use took place.


John had married Rose Thackery a grade three technical records assistant quite late in life at the age of 28 , Rose was 25 at the time, it was five years before their first child was born, a boy, Samuel, who unfortunately died suddenly aged only two. They were finally successful a year later when Clara was born ,but Rose decided to move into the creche worried about the possibility of second fatality in their family and remained there until Clara reached the age of seven when it was compulsory for all children to be taught in a city boarding academy but allowed to make regular visits home.
The marriage suffered due to this partial separation, when Rose returned to the family quarters she was about forty and John forty three, the original closeness of the family unit had long gone, and they started to follow their own interests. But they remained together as the alternative was for both to return to single unit living or in Rose’s case possibly the female dormitory of the technical section, the next major hiatus in their marriage was to be John’s arrest and being charged with murder.


Originally all large squares were open to the sky, each square being wider than the one beneath to allow in air and daylight in as much as possible until the yellow peril as it became know took effect.  Then the topmost square in each tier had to be covered over.
The twin track rail system was very intricate running around all the squares and avenues on one level before depending on the direction moving up or down to the next level.  There was also a direct connection service to each level and special purpose inclusions all that needed a computer to control it.
Manufacturing units of all kinds, shopping areas, recreation and in fact everything you would find in any city were abandoned entirely or in part on most levels as the population diminished until from about three quarters of a million souls there now remained a few thousand at the most.


Below ground the rail track ran in it’s own tunnels but above ground they ran in the spaces between buildings but totally screened, the stations in the abandoned areas screened from the track as well as from the outside area. Due to the design although large parts of the city on many levels were now abandoned the system had never been modified due to the enormous cost involved.
The transport workshops along with many manufacturing units, metal casting etc were on the next to lowest level, the lowest being used for automated refuse collection.


Day one 

Still gazing absently at the three dimensional display John thought back to how it had all started.
A normal evening shift, and as a highly qualified a senior transport technician section manager now responsible for design and modification of the computerised control system he had worked himself up from a basic workshop fitter to foreman and then technical manager over some twenty five years and when on duty usually was to be found in the upper control balcony overlooking the control centre floor. On this night he was standing in on the control room floor for the night duty controller due to the man’s sudden sickness.
Private transport was in the form of small two and four seater cars which when requested had to be introduced in such a way so as not to interfere with the normal computer controlled running of the system. Not always an easy thing to manage if traffic was heavy, use of these cars was severely restricted other than if a Council member or a Citizen requested one.


On this particular night it was particularly busy and he was watching the display carefully to anticipate any problems when he heard a commotion behind him as one of the assistants came in to tell him that one of the Citizen’s sons was demanding a car immediately and would not wait .The young man was drunk and he was trying to get into the control centre, but before John could do anything the youth had burst past the guard on the door, at that point a Proctor appeared as well.
The assistant turned to John, “I called the Proctor,” he said apologetically , “That’s OK,” replied John, “in fact that’s all you could do.” The Proctor approached John, “Now Senior Technician why the delay, why can’t this Citizen have a car?” But John did not reply he was staring past the Proctor to the youth who now unrestricted and unchecked was standing over the control panels and obviously deciding which control to alter.


The Proctor jabbed John in the chest with his finger, “Pay attention when a Proctor is talking to you,” he snapped, John nodded, “Yes” he said breathlessly, “ no time, look.” He pointed past the Proctor and as the man was partially obscuring his way John’s arm moved him sideways forcing him to step to one side .  The Proctor yelled loudly, “Assault, assault” and drew his wand, John lunged forward towards the youth and made a tackle by wrapping his arms round the youth’s midriff and pushing him to the ground as the Proctor’s now pointing wand discharged into John’s body and everything went black.


Day two


“Wake up, wake up,” a guard was shaking him, “Get stripped off and showered then put on this coverall, you’ve got five minutes,” the guard indicated a shower in the corner of the cell as a coverall with a large white P on the back was thrust into John’s arms.
The man soon re appeared, “ Breakfast,” he pointed, somehow a tray had appeared by John’s bed, on it was a small bowl of a very plain cereal, two slices of bread and a small pat of butter type spread and a cup of black coffee, “Two minutes” the guard said disappeared again.
Hardly two minutes had passed and the man was back “Right ? Well leave everything and stop eating now and follow me,” he led the way through the door and handed him silently to two more guards.


“Keep in step with us” was the command and they marched him briskly along a plain corridor and opening the door at the end marched him into a very large chamber, it took a few seconds to realise he was in the inner chamber of the council.
A quietly spoken grey haired man called him to the centre of the chamber floor where towering almost to the roof stood the central computer.
“Stand in front of the computer,” John did as he was bid while the man leaned forward and pressed a switch and then walked away.


The flat expressionless voice of the computer spoke, “What is your name? What is your rank? What is your grade?”  all the formalities over it paused.
“You are identified as John Beresford do you agree you are this person?,” “Yes” he replied, “Do you know why you are here?” “No “ he replied. The machine paused, “There has been an error, you will now be charged formally.”
Another pause before the same identification questions were made and answered by John, “You are charged with two crimes, one assaulting and murdering the person of a Citizen and two of assaulting a Proctor, how do you plead?”


“Guilty with extenuating circumstances” John replied.    Another pause, “Your plea is not accepted as there are no extenuating circumstances for this crime, do you wish to change your plea?”
John thought for a moment, ”Yes,” he said  “State your revised plea”  “Not guilty,”
“Your revised plea of not guilty is recognised, please answer the following.”
“Are you aware of and have you read Proctor Gambit’s sworn declaration of this incident?” “Yes,” he replied, he could see it displayed on the screen in front of him.
“Do you wish to challenge any part of the statement?” “Yes,”  “What is your challenge?”
“What was the cause of the Citizen’s death ?” he asked, “Severe concussion to the head,” the machine answered. “I only brought him to his knees, his head never came into contact with any other object or the floor,”        “Is this new evidence you wish to include ?”  “Yes.”  There was a short pause before the machine continued.


“Your new evidence has been admitted but is irrelevant as there was no third party in the vicinity of the crime, no other person could be responsible, the hearing will continue.   With the exception of the Proctor and yourself was there any other person within reach of the citizen?” “No.”
“Did you in anyway and for whatever reason touch the Citizen? “Yes.”
“Why did you touch the Citizen?”   “He was about to interfere with the transport system controls” John replied.  “Did he touch any controls?,” “No.”


“Are you aware that no one at any time is allowed to touch in anyway a Citizen?” “Yes.”
“The first case against you is proven, the hearing will consider case number two”.
“Did you in anyway and for whatever reason touch the Proctor?  The same questions were then put to him that had been made on the first charge with the inevitable result of guilty.
“Do you wish to add anything?”  “Yes ,” sighed John, “Proceed.” “ My actions were to avoid a potentially damaging or a disastrous situation and under the circumstances……..”


He was cut short by the machine, “Circumstances is a term not quantifiable by this court and cannot be admitted in evidence, unless you have new evidence and or statements from witnesses the case will proceed further, do you have statements and or new evidence?”  “No.” “ The case will proceed further,” there was a slight pause. “ Case number two is proven, you will be sentenced at a later time in another place, take the prisoner away.”


Day three


His first day in the admin was spent in solitary confinement, but he was allowed out to eat in the mess hall.  A solitary voice in his ear said, “Hey what are you in for?” a man had sidled into the seat beside him. Before he could answer his questioner added “I got done for nicking a knife,” he waited expectantly for John’s answer,  “ Technically I hit and killed a Citizen,” there was a sudden silence as the few in hearing gathered the information in while John added “and hit a Proctor.” The man slowly sidled away from him, “Grief pal you’re a gonner.” The room buzzed as the news was passed around but no one else made any attempt to speak to him until a guard sensing there was something anew came over, “ What’s all the fuss?”
Silence all round from the other diners, the guard hesitated and then suddenly became very officious, “So no one wants to speak, OK let’s cut this up,” turned to John, “ Turn right, down the corridor, report to the admin office, NOW,” he emphasised the now.


A large man in overalls was standing behind the desk, “Name ?” he queried, “John Beresford,” “ Oh yes, you’re the one, stand over there,” he pointed to one corner of the room.  John did as he was bid and was soon joined a by about six men of varying size and age all had the white letter P on their backs, no one spoke.  The large burley admin worker joined them, his identity proclaimed him as Peter Ashby and he was a grade four admin, “All of you follow me.”
They were led out into one of the wide corridors that ran through every level of the city and over to what looked like a very large square ventilation grill in the side wall, this was unlocked and swung aside to reveal a concrete staircase with steps going up and also down.  “Service stairs for admin workers” Peter explained over his shoulder and led them downwards into the gloom, after about six flights they came to a halt, fibre optics started to glow and gradually their surroundings could be seen.


Peter turned and counted his party, “Gather round and sing out if you can’t hear because what I am going to tell you is for your own safety.” He waited until he had their attention, “You are in the bottom level of the city, here the service trains run around collecting all the refuse from the refuse collection points above, it’s all automatic but it has to be helped, we get blockages that machines can’t always sort out and that’s where you come in.”
“When I get a report of a channel or pipe overflowing we have to un block it quickly, and we have to walk to the spot, each outlet has it’s own number, and remember when moving around always keep to the raised walkway. “Trains move slowly but automatically so you are not seen, at regular points there are hide holes that take about six men where you can stand.” If you are caught between hide holes lie flat on the walkway and you should be OK but don’t hold onto any long tools and don’t try and cross the lines.”
“Every half mile there is a staircase to an upper level but don’t go blindly out this way unless you are certain of your way otherwise you are sure to get lost and we have not the time or people to search for you.”
“The main waste drops from the roof directly into the train’s trucks and they have their own cleaning gangs, we are concentrated on the side shoots which are sticking out from the tunnel side and over the tracks oh yes and a few sump.”


He turned and pointed, “ Here’s one, I’ll show you what to do”, taking a long thin rod he swung the pipe round to point level with the walkway and thrust the rod up the pipe. “ The trick is to locate the blockage first, it’s usually near the swivel joint.”.  He passed the rod to each man in turn to test for themselves, satisfied he pointed to one man, “OK now unblock it” he jumped backwards. “Not pointing along the walkway you idiot we’ll all get wet” he snapped pushing the pipe away from him. “ Measure the distance to the blockage and then feed in a pressure hose just short of that distance, no pressure.?” Well of course at this level there are no services, you use a hand operated pump and a mate to do the pumping,” he left the man now with a helper sweating over the unblocking procedure.


Peter turned to the rest of his audience, “Now on to sumps,” he said and paused for maximum attention, “We are fortunate to have in our midst a gentleman who has been designated as our sump specialist.” He nodded towards John, “for whatever reason we have instructions to use him exclusively,” he beckoned John over to a large box, “ Your protective suit is in here, put it on.”
Some time later after John had struggled into a one piece diver’s type of suit, “ You don’t get submerged totally very often unless you slip” was Pete’s consoling remark.
With two helpers John was lowered onto the first step of a nearby sump, half filled with some indescribable slime he stood in it up to his knees, Pete leaned near to his helmet so he could hear him.


 “You see the marker line on the side of the wall ?” John nodded, “Well if you can’t see that marker it’s got blocked, the drain is in the bottom with a grill covering it, the grill gets clogged.” “You can usually clear this by dragging your foot over it a couple of times or use a scraper on a long pole, it not you must bend your knees and feel down until you can clear it by hand, then you need the full suit,” he smiled and walked on pointing to blockages as he went. “Get them all fixed and then we will have a break, and that applies to all of you.”
John cleared three sumps on that shift, six the following day and four the next day, this continued along the same lines for the next three weeks with John all the time getting weaker and weaker. At the end of the fourth week Pete called him over, “ I don’t know what you have done to deserve this punishment and I don’t want to know but you can’t keep this up, how old are you, over 40?” John nodded, “ take my tip report sick” whispered Pete, “but I haven’t told you”.


High up on level eleven two men met in the most desolate and deserted area they could possibly find in what had been a shopping precinct. Speaking very softly the first man enquired, “Were you followed?” I don’t think so, were you?” asked number two.  “No” replied number one, “but what a job to find a way to get here, there’s no time for talk, at anytime we may be found out, where’s the next meeting point?” “Three weeks to the day and same time OK?” replied number two, “and how about the place?”  “The shops outside stadium eight level twelve” number one responded.
A bit risky I think, we must not use the same place or route twice. O k, Ok, it’s settled, now report quickly.” The second man dew breath and spoke quietly and quickly, “Well we got him arrested and as you predicted, they did not know what to do about the situation, but he went to admin, now I have just heard he has gone sick”.  “Could this be a problem for us?” the first speaker asked,  “Probably not, I’ll see what I can do, what do you think we should aim for next?” “ Hmm difficult but perhaps a bit of gardening” the first man said, the listener smiled, “How clever, I’ll leave that to you then”.


Day Twenty Six


Reporting sick was simple, anyone at anytime could consult the central computer on any personal matter and for access there was a console in every department throughout the city.  He found the admin computer console in the main admin area.
“State your name and grade,” demanded the computer, “Beresford, prisoner, zero,”   “You have no standing in this city, state your business,” “ I am sick,”  “Wait.” In seconds the machine responded,
“Report to your section immediately.”
John walked over to the admin office area,“ Beresford ?” “ Yes,” “Through that door” he was pointed to a door marked Sick Quarters, here they seem to have heard he was coming as an orderly appeared to be expecting him and took him over to their diagnostic consol and clipped several cables onto him and disappeared behind a screen. “Stand still, breath normally,” the machine did it’s stuff and the orderly came back.
“Follow me” he said and opening a different door he led him straight into a hospital ward and then to a side ward, the orderly turned to him and without smiling said, “You are diagnosed as only run down, two weeks R and R is prescribed starting immediately, and you will be confined to this room except for daily exercise and meal time.”


The days past slowly as he was not permitted any outside entertainment but could have reading material in book or electronic form, he tried to make small talk in the mess hall but no one seemed to wish or perhaps they were too scared to talk , he never stayed long once the meal was eaten and always returned to his sick bed, but he made full use of the exercise periods by using the gym and was soon feeling his old self again.


Day Fourty


One morning two guards arrived, “Get any possessions you have together you are moving.” He knew by now it was pointless to ask where he was being taken.  This time they had the use of a four seater railcar and he noticed that it was programmed for level G.The journey was slow as the car had to keep waiting to allow the regular railcars priority and changing levels also took a considerable time but eventually he was escorted into the agricultural section.
Here the atmosphere was a little more amiable, “ Ah Beresford,” the woman smiled at him, “ My name is Alisia I am the section leader, I hear you’ve been sick ?” “ Yes Maam” “Quite better now 
I take it?,“ Yes Maam.”  “ Do you know what we do here, and are you frightened of going outdoors ?” “Yes I do and no I’m not” John replied sounding puzzled,  “Ah that’s good,” she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Well you will start today by settling in and tomorrow you will be escorted to the farm where they will explain your duties.”


The past few hundred years had changed the landscape considerably, still parcelled into wide fields these were all now of standard width to accommodate the automatic equipment which travelled on three rails, one in the centre and one each side of the field, some fields could stretch to five miles in length.
An intricate conveyor system ran alongside and across all the base of all the fields to collect the automatically picked produce and to convey it back to the farm for processing, there were also areas reserved for composting etc. There was also a sizeable volunteer force of workers to service the equipment, they had a slightly higher pay due too the risk of radiation sickness but more importantly a better food allowance.
Further away and in uncultivated areas were the animals, saved from extinction by the demilitarisation and somehow immune to the yellow peril they managed to flourish.  Meat and milk were still rationed but things were getting to the point where the diet was becoming less of a health worry.


There wasn’t much settling in to be done as John had no kit to speak of so he buried himself into a deep chair and watched a video playing in the corner of the dormitory.  Later a section leader showed him his bed space with the usual standard instructions and directions, where to eat how to assemble for work etc.


Day Forty one


The following morning the two guards reappeared to escort him to the railcar, “I don’t think we shall need you in future,” Alisia was speaking to the guards. “Yes Maam, a bit irregular if you don’t mind me saying so,” Alisia smiled, “ Where on earth could he run to?  One guard nodded, “We shall have to report your decision,” Alisia also nodded, “We will take full responsibility for him, and I have outline permission.”
She turned to John, “ There is a special railcar that will arrive at our station in 10 minutes time, a supervisor is on duty on the platform you will report to her.”  She turned away already busy thinking of her next task leaving John unsupervised to make his own way to the station.


“I’m John Beresford,” the red haired girl looked up from her clip board, “You’re the last,” he could hear an approaching train and feel the air being moved along the tunnel by the approaching vehicle. She suddenly swung around him to block his view of the oncoming railcar. “It’s not ours, step into this room and join the others, you are not to be seen by the public, it’s the rule” she added. He walked into a 
small waiting room to find himself among about two dozen people all in green coveralls and all with a large white letter P on their backs.
A slight squeal of brakes, hissing doors and footsteps told him of the arrival of the regular service followed very quickly by more hissing and the electric whine of a motor gathering speed as the railcar left. “Ok , out you come”, the red haired girl counted them all out of the waiting room as another railcar arrived, this time empty and with the difference of having yellow window panes. The doors hissed open, “All in”, she counted them again, and reaching up and pressed a bell push while adding, “ By the way my name is Mavis Hobson and I am your grade four supervisor,” there was no sound of any bell but the doors hissed closed and the car started to move.


The journey to the to the outside of the city only took ten minutes, they passed through four stations on route without stopping until they came to large doors blocking the exit. The railcar slowed and at some ten feet distance they swung open and they emerged into a deep cutting. Visibility through the yellow windows was just sufficient to see the banks covered in some sort of rough growth as the car gradually climbed up to ground level.
Gathering speed they were soon travelling at the standard system speed of about thirty miles an hour while all around could be seen cultivation of some sort with many areas covered by long tall hangar like buildings, all covered in yellow sheets.
Several of the women in the party were obviously in some distress and were crying, “Is this anyone’s first time they have been outside ?” several held up their hands, “Has anyone had the acclimatisation course ?” Most shook their heads, “Well don’t worry you will all be brought into this gradually as possible, don’t look through the windows, wait until we get to the farm.”


An hour’s journey found them pulling into and under a large array of covered buildings, the red headed Mavis called for their attention “We are here, now you will all be taken for a break and sorted into working parties, the ones without any previous experience will be staying inside the farm for acclimatisation, the few that have some experience will be put to work nearby”. “Later as you feel better you will go to the outstations, but more on that later,” they quickly detrained and were herded into a small mess hall.
With their break over they were quickly divided into small groups and herded into one of the adjoining sheds to be given jobs standing at long benches filled with an assortment of vegetables, their job was the cleaning and then sorting into sizes and then placed on open trays. Other work parties were now arriving brought in by the same railcar as it had returned to the city to collect the regular workers, so it seemed that most of those working here were not prisoners on punishment duties.


John found himself put to work with two people younger than himself, a man and a girl and they had been set the task of sorting a turnip like vegetable which he did not recognise, he nodded to both, the girl smiled but the man never looked up or showed any sign of knowing he was there but kept on scrubbing the vegetables clean and dropping them into the appropriate trays.


The stadium on level eight stood silent as it had done for many years, doors swinging idly in the ever present strong breeze, yellow panels long gone from covering the centre section and just outside the same level of depredation attended the curved row of shops built into the stadium’s outer edge.
The end shop however had a complete protective screen linking to probably the only completely covered avenue stretching back to the centre on that level.
Man number one spoke first, “You took a chance getting in touch, we agreed only verbal communication, have we been compromised?” “I don’t think so,” answered man number two,” “I certainly made sure I was not followed, but something came up and plans had to be change.”  “Why so?”  “The situation in transport was too good a chance to miss,” again man number one asked “How so?”  “Staffing has got so bad we have had to close down the central workshops entirely,” replied number two.
“As it is only a skeleton staff used to visit on odd days when it was absolutely essential, sometimes only one man could be spared even then, but we have run out of spare railcars, and any further breakdowns will cause havoc.”
“And what was so important as not to be missed?” Number two smiled, “Well we had to find a way of running those workshops and at the emergency meeting I reminded the members that we had one highly qualified engineer twiddling his thumbs in detention,” he paused and then continued, “ I nearly gave the game away by saying twiddling his thumbs or sorting vegetables and they would have wanted to know how I knew that.”


Man number one smiled, “Quick thinking, but what has happened?” “The whole committee eventually agreed,” man number two continued, “after a lot of objections and several restrictions to transferring Beresford’s punishment to transport, he will still retain the prisoner status but has to be unsupervised within the workshops themselves but with regular visits from the proctor’s section, and we have set up electronic barriers hopefully to stop any ideas of him getting out or any unauthorised people getting in.”
Man number one nodded thoughtfully, “Well I can’t see any major snags with that, I’ll see it is monitored and try and smooth any bumps should any come my way.” He paused, “ Too much time has been spent here and there’s only one route out of here so take great care in getting back,” man number two stopped at the door scanning the way back carefully. “Seems OK, let’s say three weeks again at level eight, avenue fifteen, sixteen thirty seven,”  this was the location of a flat in another deserted part of the city, man number one nodded, “ Fine, let’s just get the hell out of here.”


The girl held out her hand, “I’m Rose Lester and that’s Phillip Klein,” she paused, “Don’t mind Phillip he will talk to you when he is ready.” John cautiously held out his hand while looking Phillip over, “He’s quite sick, we think it’s the constant exposure to the daylight, he’s been in and out of here for a long time,” explained Rose, what’s your name?”
John smiled weakly, John Beresford,” he answered, “My Wife’s called Rose” he offered.
Rose stared at him for quite a few seconds, “We’ve heard about you,” there was another long pause while she continued her intense stare. “ You don’t look a bit like a killer,” she said adding quickly, “But of course I don’t really know what a killer looks like.”
John smile again, “Neither do I, I don’t even feel like a killer and in fact I don’t remember killing anyone,” Rose spoke under her breath, “Don’t talk now” as their supervisor walked towards them.
Mavis stopped level with them, “We don’t mind you talking as long as you keep working you know, but there is a daily quota we have to maintain, I don’t wish to be the one that has to administer credit penalties if you fall short,” she walked on.


The mid day break arrived and they were allowed to make their own way to the mess hall, Rose spoke to Phillip, “Go find us a quiet table Phil so we can talk, I’ll get you a tray,” Phillip nodded and disappeared. Rose led John over to the self-service area, “Pick up a tray,” she said, “and follow me.”
The selection of food was minimal and as always very basic, she chose a plate containing three types of vegetable mash and a small slice of some meat type like product, John chose the same knowing full well that although nourishing enough to maintain body and soul it was almost tasteless.  Two slices of dry bread substitute and a beaker of a warm liquid labelled tea completed the selection, the few other options on offer did not seem any better.


John opened the conversation by asking about the other workers he had seen arriving, and Rose seemed only too pleased to fill him in, probably glad to have someone new to talk to.
“Well they do complicate things a little, the regular workers are paid a little higher for the long term risk factor but it’s not much and the powers that be are always quick to point out that statistics show the percentage that die from the yellow peril are only about five percent”. “But they do not separate long term
workers from short term detainees, everyone is calculated even if they only have one day here, so the percentages are nowhere near correct.
The short term and longer term sentences and the dangerous category are broken down in several ways, prisoners like the three of us are short term and have to return to own section every night but the long term stay in the farm complex for their whole sentence, we are short term.” she grinned, “Well we were short term but we are to be reviewed anytime now to long term because of a recent incident.”
“What caused that?” enquired John, “We were both allowed out with free time as our sentences were almost over, but I palled up with Phillip as we have lot’s of common interests and we got caught during
a demo last month.”  “What was that all about?”


Rose took a deep breath, “Well you know there is a free vote movement?” John nodded, he had heard that this was slowly gathering popularity over the past few years, there had even been a suggestion from time to time of an underground organisation whispered about although never broadcast officially. But although it was denied it did leave the city council with trying to find explanations for quite a few missing items, their inability to give a satisfactory answer to or where they had gone became an embarrassment.


“Well” Rose continued, “we were caught and charged and found guilty of participating in an illegal demonstration, it means that  tagged onto our existing sentence we will be re classed as long term you can bet.” “What about Phillip?” John asked, “A bit more complicated, he was heavily involved with a shadowy group that he will not even describe to me, and he was into the free vote movement as well, but he was technical grade 6 in the computer section and by all accounts something of a genius it’s such a shame to waste his skills in this way.”
John shook his head, “I was on the technical side of things, the rail computer system in latter days, but I never came across Phillip.”  Rose shook her head looking sad, “Well I’m afraid this may be Phil’s last stop he’s far too weak to do much more on the farm, even sorting takes it out of him, we are hoping he can get into the sick quarters on the farm, it may give him some relief,” just then Red Head appeared and hustled them back to the sorting benches.


With their working day ended and unexpectedly for John at least as he expected to be returning to the mess hall, they were taken straight to the station where the yellow cover railcar was waiting. Rose had just chance to whisper, “Must talk to you tomorrow urgently.” Red Head herded them quickly into the car, “Report back to your respective sections,” she called out and leaning inside the compartment pressed the bell then leaned back quickly as the doors closed with a hiss.


Day Forty two


The following day the three of them were fortunate to be placed together on the same job, Rose managed a quick few words of “Talk to you at the break” before the supervisor started hovering nearby obviously trying to overhear their conversations.
The mid day break followed the same pattern and they got a table in a corner of the room, “I’ve been told we are going long term today” she whispered conspiratorially, “so we won’t see you on the train anymore and we may not be together again.” She paused looking around, “they don’t like to see anyone getting too chummy, they allow me and Phil’s because it’s in their own interest as I keep a look out for him.”
John nodded, “There’s so much more I would like to know, how long is the new sentence?”
“Another 60 days, now seventy all told“.
“Beresford, Beresford?” John heard his name called, “Here” he called standing up, a stranger had appeared, “have you break but then report to the office for instructions” he called then turned and walked away.
John sat down, “Something’s gone wrong, but look there’s not much time left, quickly tell me what happens to you next?” He could see people slowly leaving the mess hall, Rose looked around quickly, Red Head was some way away chivvying people to finish their food and leave.


Rose lowered her head and pretended to be fiddling with her food, “We will be put out to work in the fields, you’ve seen the large sheds outside in many of the fields?” “Well they are moveable and you work under them moving the shed as you work, there’s a small transport truck that takes you to and from the shed”.
John thought for a second, Red Head was getting nearer, “I have no idea what is going to happen to me” he said, “but I will find a way of contacting you somehow, no matter how long it takes.” Rose looked puzzled, “Why?” she asked, “You are the only two with the knowledge I think I may need,” Red Head was standing over them, “Now then come along, break over.”


John walked into the farm section office, the stranger was standing there waiting for him he looked like a Proctor but John could not tell for sure. Beckoning him wordlessly to follow he led him to the station and to a waiting four seat railcar. Pointing into the car he said, “You are going back to the admin block for one night and then you will be escorted to the transport section,” John looked bemused and opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted as the man said, “Sorry I know nothing else.”


CHAPTER TWO


In which John is given a new job and an unexpected companion.


Day Forty three


His mind slowly returned to the present time and the transparent box with the moving lights came back into focus.
He was standing in the control room where all his troubles had commenced was deep down on level two and it had an identical 3 D display of the railway system as the master control in the main council chamber area. He looked around and saw all the familiar items he had known for so many years, on the desk he saw an envelope with his name in it and tearing it open a small plastic card dropped out. It was his entry and access card to various doors and functions he needed enabling him to move around in the workshop without having to book himself in every time.


“Right” he thought, “breakfast first,” he placed his card on the exit door and it obligingly swung open and he went through to original corridor and quickly found the kitchen. A quick peek into the fridge showed him some food had been supplied and within a few minutes he had several pans on the cooking plates sizzling away.
There was a chime a sound which he knew of old, the computer was calling him, so he hurried back this time using his new card to get into the control room and stood in front of the computer.
But it still asked his name and details before he could access any message, he was to have a visitor.
Food quickly pushed down he had barley tidied the kitchen and his bed space when the corridor door’s screen at the opposite end to the control room lit up, this was actually a lift that accessed all levels up to level G but was restricted to high officials only or others by their authorisation.


He waited by the door and after a few minutes the doors opened to reveal two guards and a Proctor in full official black uniform complete with wand. “Beresford?”   “Yes Proctor,”  “ I have instructions to give you and also I have to make an inspection,”  “Yes Proctor.” “Lead the way to your quarters,” John turned and walked the few yards down the corridor and indicated the door of the dormitory on his right.
The Proctor stepped past John telling the guards to wait by the door and standing still for a moment while  his gaze swept the room. “Come in,” he called to John and waved his arm around in a sweeping gesture. “Disgusting, who is the billet orderly,” “There isn’t one sir,” John thought it best to be very polite.
“Are you the only occupant?” “ Yes sir,” “Then it has to be you by default,” John shook his head making no comment. “ Do you dare to disagree with a Proctor ?” “No sir,” “ Good I am imposing a ten a credit penalty, if you disagree it would be more.” John thought for a while then realised he had nothing to lose.


“Sir may I speak?” “Of course,” “Well sir I cannot be orderly as I am under instructions from the transport computer and have to report for work at eight every morning sir.” “Billet orderlies are allowed from nine to ten every morning to service the room, I cannot be here and in the workshop as well sir, can you give me instructions on what to do?” He knew he was pushing things a bit.
The Proctor hesitated, it was obvious to John and the guards that he was going to back himself into a corner and if he was not careful a loss of face would result which would not do him any good. “Under the circumstances you mention I shall withhold the penalty until I have made further investigations, the inspection is therefore temporally on hold.”


He pulled an envelope from inside his jacket, “Step back into the corridor there is more light” he said.
The guards moved back a little to make some space while the Proctor handed John the envelope. “Check that this is still sealed in front of witnesses then open it read it fully.” “If you understand and have no questions sign the back of the envelope and hand it back but retain the document for your information.”
John did as he was bid, the document had the usual preamble of all authority directives, his title, workplace etc. followed by the actual instructions. He was to report his presence daily to the workshop computer at the commencement of his working day and that was all the check they seemed to think was necessary.


He was to investigate all railcars now stationed in the workshops and identify in detail their various.
defects, indent for the necessary parts and starting with the ones with the least or simplest problems put them back into service.
His working hours were slightly longer but with longer mid day rest periods in order for him to cater for himself.  Food and supplies would be delivered by railcar weekly.
Every four weeks he would be entitled to a one and a half day break in the nearest suitable R & R centre.
If the work turned out to be of sufficient duration he would be entitled to a ten day holiday every 150 days in an R & R centre of his choice.


John read through quickly, “Better than what he had expected” he thought, he signed the envelope and handed it back to the Proctor. The Proctor looked enquiringly at John, “Do you understand?” “Yes Proctor,” “ Very well.” The Proctor turned and walked quickly down the short corridor to the lift, the doors swished open.
Just before he and his guards stepped inside the Proctor turned to look at John, “Killed a Citizen” he said, half question and half an incredulous comment “What next,” the doors swished closed as the three stepped inside, there was no further sound and the display panel returned to it’s normal display warning of illegal entry forbidden etc. it was hard to believe they had been there at all.


The term Citizen was once well earned, stemming back to the dark days when the struggle for survival was at it’s peak, the first occupants of the city were all designated as Citizen and all sat on what was to become the ruling council For several generations the population increased to such an extent that council numbers had to be limited and it was decided that only the head of each family could hold the title and have the right to sit on the council and this could only be passed on to their direct line of descent. As the various epidemics struck the city their numbers diminished and many of the original family lines died out until there were only about one hundred left.

By this time the majority of the population were just city dwellers or C D’s for short, but having far fewer privileges than the Citizen class. Power struggles and attempted coups had taken place over some decades in the past but eventually a new constitution was hammered out.
The minority Citizen group would still retain overall control of policy and general direction and be accorded certain rights and privileges over and above the City Dwellers, but a city council was formed from all City Dwellers holding the rank of grade four or above to for the city day to day business. Proctors were appointed to uphold the law with city guards to enforce it, while the central computer administered punishment to wrongdoers.


John returned to the control room and walked over to the control bench under the row of darkened windows and flipped a few switches.
Slowly through the windows the scene below developed, some twenty sidings were illuminated, all were filled with defective railcars. Twin lines ran around the outside of the sidings area in a curve with an entry and exit tunnel connecting them to the main rail system just outside the depot. Well over to the right he could just see into the repair workshop itself and close by the automatic clean and wash bay.


He tapped a few keys on a keyboard and a display filled the screen, the defects list was very long, he tapped a few more keys selecting the most simple and frequent defect which showed as having unserviceable interior lights, he located some twenty railcars standing in the sidings with just this one fault which was stopping them from being in service.
Not all were in the same lanes but he noted the ones at the front or very near to the end of each row of sidings as these could be put back into service without having to manoeuvre other cars around. “I’ll start with those,” he thought.
From the control room a door opened onto the outside narrow balcony fronting the control room windows with overhead walkways leading off to the various siding, all had stairs leading down to the ground level, he stepped through the door and walked down the nearest flight of steps.


The railcar had evolved over many years, simple in design and cheap to maintain, built on a standard chassis with a very small control cab as a human driver was not normally required, the car was controlled automatically by the transport computer system The remaining space on the chassis was designed to take standard fitting bodies, normal transport coaches comprising twenty five rows of double seats, but also bulk tipping containers for moving all sorts of material, and special bodies carrying every type of equipment from cranes to excavators.
Two twin axle bogies supplied the traction with an electric motor driving each axle. These units could be removed bodily for ease of maintenance.


John had now reached the end car in the first siding, the standby light was illuminated meaning it was still live. No engineer stepped in front of any car with any lamp illuminated although if a railcar was about to move off a warning bell would ring first and then the light would change to auto before the car started to move.
He reached into his pocket and took out a special key and inserted it into a small hole under an illuminated panel by the driver’s door. He turned the key through several positions, standby, auto, manual ,off, and then maintenance, a small panel over the key confirmed the setting from standby setting to maintenance, and the passenger access doors behind the cab obligingly slid open.
Stepping into the passenger cabin he opened a small panel and flicked the light switch, but it was obvious what the fault was, the overhead light fittings had been removed at both ends of the carriage. A quick tour through a few more railcars showed this to be the main lighting problem, he calculated that he could get perhaps a dozen back into service quite quickly.


Finishing his inspection he made his way to the workshop area, “My,” he thought,” it’s a long time since I was here, but nothing’s changed.” Identifying himself on the workshop computer he quickly found the part number of the lamp and checked for stock in the workshop’s store, it was nil. He then checked the central store, that was nil also. It came as no surprise to find there were none in the planning stage and he soon realised that nothing had been done about anything for a long time with the computer listing the dozens of unheeded requisitions.


John stood gazing blankly at the computer screen deep in thought, technical problems were his strong point when he worked on the workshop floor. He thought back through all the modifications that had been introduced over the years.
And then he suddenly remembered that quite a long time ago the light units were changed to an all in one design He wondered if they still had stock of the earlier ones, a quick check with the computer and success, they had plenty. On checking there were still a few on their stores shelves in the workshop and enough at the central store to cover, so placing an order on the store he made his way back to the kitchen.


With his frugal meal finished he was cleaning his dishes when he heard the arrival bell and heard a car coming into the complex. This time it stopped on a small platform on the main through line between the entrance and exit tunnels, he hurried down to find that a small signal arm was ticking out from the coach side indicating it had goods on board for unloading.
Using his key he turned the auto sign to maintenance and stepped into the passenger cabin, just inside the door there was a large storage cage fitted in all the coaches, looking through the wire side he could see a large sealed box with his name on it, his weekly rations had arrived.
Pulling the box onto the platform he turned the key back to standby, the panel sign changed to auto, the indicator arm withdrew, a bell shrilled from inside the cab the doors closed and the car moved off.


The remainder of the work shift was spent fitting out two cars with new lights from the works stores, clip in fittings made them easy to fit he so decided that he would program both of them from the works computer to move on auto around the complex to the coach clean and washing bay.
This was standard practice in the old days after a car had been in for repair, but he quickly found that his card did not allow him this level of authority. He sent the two cars on their way simply by switching them to standby mode, they promptly went to auto and disappeared through the exit to join the main rail complex. He then unpacked his delivery and transferred some of it to the workshop which also had a small kitchen with the balance he put into the upstairs kitchen knowing that this would save him some time during the day as he had a suspicion that he may need extra time although he had no idea for what reason at present.


Day Forty four


Next morning the alarm bell rang as usual and he awoke realising that he had overslept again, following the same procedure as the previous day by missing everything he dashed to the control room to stand in front of the computer to sign in. “ Identity confirmed” it said flatly, “you have two demerits, one, you are two minutes late in reporting, a five credit penalty is imposed, two, your personal hygiene is incorrect, a five credit penalty is imposed,” he sighed and muttered, “damn”, it had spotted he had not shaved. “Do you wish to communicate further your last remark was not understood?” “No,” he waited until the machine shut down and went back to wash and eat as he had the previous day.


He was standing by another railcar later that morning when another car came in to stop at the same platform as the previous car had done yesterday, a bell had rung to announce it’s impending arrival so he was already hurrying over the walkways to greet whoever had arrived.
A Proctor, this time a different one but with the same guards that had been here previously stepped out onto the platform. John recognised this Proctor, he always worked in and around the transport section but it was not the one that has arrested him.
He did not know either Proctor by name, if fact Proctors never offered their name in the normal course of event, this Proctor’s first move was to read John’s identity card with his computer tablet.
“Sir, may I ask a question?” the Proctor looked him up and down, “Hmm, a bit irregular, but all this is a bit irregular, what is your question?” “Does my wife Rose know what has happened to me, can I speak with her, and is she having to move?” The Proctor frowned. “That’s three questions, but yes I will tell you. One she does know, two no, you have no status and cannot communicate with her, in fact it is forbidden, and three yes she will be given a choice of accommodation in accordance with her status.”


He paused as he saw John was about to ask something else, “And no I do not know where she will be moving to, now let’s get on with the inspection.” “And before you wonder why this is a technical inspection, your previous one and I should not say it was an admin one but it was a shambles of an inspection,” he added.”
He consulted his tablet again, “This shows a very high number of defective railcars, what is your work plan?” John explained briefly how he intended to rectify as many as possible where they stood, the Proctor nodded and headed for the workshop repair bays while noting everything around him en rout.
“The repair bays are empty, the wash and cleaning bay has a railcar in there which should have been returned to the sidings,” he went on and on listing all the defects he had spotted, “and I have only scratched the surface what have you got to say to that?”


John felt bemused, the Proctor did not seem to realise he had only been there a day, “ Where’s your section leader?,” John shook his head, “I haven’t got one sir,” he said, “I am not authorised to move any railcars sir” he offered.
The Proctor again pulled his tablet out of his pocket and tapped several keys, “Now that’s very strange,” he looked at John with a puzzled expression. “This section is operational and you should have a section leader on strength who has the authority to move railcars and most of the equipment in here,” John nodded “Yes sir” he said.
The Proctor stood for a moment hesitating, trying to decide on which course of action if any he could take, eventually he spoke, “Inspection terminated forthwith,” he tapped the keys on his tablet, “And now so noted,” this got him off the hook at least for the time being.
Turning to the two guards who were trying their best to keep straight faces he said, “Right you two back to the car.” They executed a neat about turn and stepped off smartly with the Proctor trying to keep up with them while all the time muttering to himself about some sort of cock again at central control.


John returned to his task of fitting the lights from the workshop stock on hand, he calculated that he could fix up another six before more stock arrived, perhaps a day’s work, when the arrival bell sounded and another railcar stopped at the small platform, the same two guards stepped out this time followed by three admin workers carrying some boxes.
One of the guards called out, “Hi fella, more company,” one of the admin workers came over,  “Beresford?” “Yes,” answered John. “We are here to sort out your billet and give the place a general clean, in future you will get a cleaner here each morning between 9 and 10,” he smiled, “That is of course if we have anyone spare.” He pointed the shortest walkway to the balcony and control room, “That way?” John nodded “ Yes”. “ The next cleaner won’t come by the lift” he said, “ they will be using the railcar so when they arrive you will have to let them into these quarters by way of the control room.” John nodded,” OK”, he said.


Day Forty five


Halfway through day four he had used up all his stock and was in the process of sending off the last three cars when it suddenly stuck him that if he delayed sending them until the end of his shift no one would know and he may have the opportunity to explore his immediate surroundings a little better.
A solitary girl cleaner had arrived promptly at 9 am looking very scared, but John soon re assured her that she wasn’t going to be murdered and the cleaning was carried out swiftly and efficiently but she was very relieved when she saw the railcar return for her an hour later.


Mid day meal consumed he returned to the main floor, first he strolled along all of the sidings looking for anything unusual and noticed two cars with their signal arms extended, he inspected both and found refrigerated boxes in both cases containing rations marked as ‘working party three day food pack, three persons’, he mentally noted that information, it could come in useful.
Turning to the repair section he found nothing of great interest, all the usual equipment was there so he would have little difficulty in doing more demanding repairs if need be.
He was just about to leave when he notices some sealed cupboards with the inscription O S S on the doors, of course outside survival suits. Issued to the rescue and fire sections a few were also kept by transport in case of outside breakdowns when they could not get the railcar under cover, rarely used but the existence of them was another item of information to note for future reference.


Against the side wall of the complex close to the twin rail tunnel entrance was a wire mesh enclosure with an upper level, it was used for storing panel, doors and such like railcar parts too large to store elsewhere. He climbed the steps to the upper level where the smaller parts were kept as he knew that often none recorded bits and pieces were put up here as the expression goes, ‘just in case’.
Moving along he noticed that leaning against the wall one panel had been moved slightly, everything had a coating of dust including the floor. John’s footprints were a testimony to this. But there were no other footprints in evidence which would suggest that who ever had come to the hole they had not stepped through, the panel had been moved a few inches and then apparently moved back very recently. He peered carefully round the edge of the panel without moving anything but it was too dark to see properly. “Another time,” he thought, and returned to the sidings and despatched the three remaining repaired railcars back into the network.


Returning to the control room and while studying the defect list again he heard a whirring noise and a click, he turned to the source. The computer had discharged a small plastic identity card onto the desk, picking it up he saw it had his name on it. Wondering why he went to the control panel and swiped the card, it confirmed his identity as usual but several other controls lit up, it seems they had granted him a bit more authority.
To test his guess he tapped in instructions to move the railcar from the wash bay to the a siding, the instruction was rejected but on the grounds of a unidentified defect, so at least he may now be able to move cars around.


Leaving the control room he made his way along the overhead walkway and down to the fully automated cleaning bay, here cars were cleaned on a rota basis again computer controlled. When a car entered the bay the cabin doors opened, the backrests of the seats folded down flat then the now flat seating hinged upwards until flat against the cabin wall allowing a robot to sweep and wash the floor 
The seats hinged down again and while still flat were then dry cleaned by a second robot, on completion the seat backs returned to the upright position, the doors closed and the whole car was then cleaned externally with rotating brushes and water. As soon as this was finished the car moved back to the nearest available siding ready for use or if already in service it would be returned to the main rail terminal on level eight.


Day Forty six.


It did not take many minutes for John to discover that one rotating brush had fallen off a cleaning robot and the doors would not close. Switching the car to maintenance John quickly pulled the offending brush out of the door track and standing well to one side switched the car back to standby. As the original instructions were still in the computer the railcar was still in service it was programmed to rejoin the rail network. The car’s bell rang and it moved out of the bay and soon disappeared through the main exit to the main lines.


Day forty seven


The following morning there was no sign of the new lights he ordered arriving or a cleaner so he decided to resume his exploring, but first to return to the panel store.
As he approached the mesh cage he remembered this was where there has been an entrance to the complex from the service stairs, one of the many that ran through the city levels, but it been bricked up years ago as a security measure.
He remembered that as an apprentice he used to travel to the central concourse on G level by railcar. The transport apprentices always gathered here before catching a specially laid on railcar to take them down to the transport workshops three levels below, there was always a breakaway group of high spirited apprentices who used to try and beat the car there on foot.
As soon as their railcar arrived, leaving the others to board it they would dash up one of the avenues that led from the concourse to the mesh covered entrance to the service stairs. Here they would pour down the numerous flights of stairs to finally come running breathlessly through the doorway out into the transport section, the train had normally arrived a few seconds earlier.


Entering the cage he looked carefully and could just trace the outline of the original bricked up arch as much of the paint had chipped away from the wall, making his way between railcar body panels he climbed the open stairs onto the upper floor, this time armed with a powerful hand lamp, and quickly locating the spot he shone a beam behind the suspicious panel leaning against the wall.
There was a large hole in the wall large enough for a man to climb through, pulling the panel fully away he shone the beam inside, some feet below and away from him he could see one of the original short flight of concrete stairs and the wire mesh door to level two. He shone the lamp around and spotted a small ladder, so that’s how someone has got in.
Thinking back he remembered occasionally hearing odd bumps and knocks which he had not paid any attention to, that could have been the intruder, and what were they doing here?
He heard the arrival bell ring and could hear a railcar coming through the tunnel into the complex so he hurriedly recovered the hole and quickly made his way to the platform, only to see the train divert and move slowly to find a space in the sidings, another unserviceable car to go on his list he thought.


The arrival bell sounded again and a second car pulled up to the platform this time with the little flag on view, it would seem his lights had arrived. Switching the car to the maintenance mode he unloaded twenty quite heavy boxes, as the last one was slid out of the carriage the flag withdrew automatically, he was about to switch the car to standby when looking in the driver’s cabin he saw a figure huddled on the floor.
Switching the car to manual he opened the driver’s door and peered in, the figure had a coat over their head and appeared to be asleep.
He pulled the coat to one side to reveal long blonde hair, a young female, she stirred eyes opening quickly and darting all over in a scared fashion. He smiled trying to reassure her, “Don’t be alarmed, you’re quite safe,” the young woman squeezed herself into a sitting position as best she could in the cramped conditions of the cab “Where am I?” she said.
John smiled, “Well somehow you have arrived in the transport repair workshops on level two, I am the only person who works down here my name is John Beresford, what’s your name?”


She looked alarmed, “Beresford?” she squeaked almost losing her voice, John half laughed, “ Yes I’m the John Beresford, but I can assure you I am not a murderer or any such desperado.”
“My name is Joan Armitage,” she winced, “Can I get up? It’s painful sitting here.” “Of course,” John backed his head and shoulders out of the cab and held a hand out to steady her as she negotiated round the manual controls that had swung into position when he switched the railcar’s mode over to manual.”.“I would never have switched the car to manual control with someone already in the cab had I known,” he said, “It’s far too dangerous except than I couldn’t get into the cab unless I did.” “You were very lucky, you could have been injured.” Joan looked tired, “ Is there any chance of something to eat?”
“How thoughtless of me, of course I can sort something out, let’s go to the workshop mess room.” She stepped out onto the platform and looked around, “It’s a gloomy sort of place” she remarked, John laughed, “Well yes I suppose but I do not keep all the lights on, only the ones I need because at this depth from the surface even the fibre optics struggle a little, the more you use the dimmer they all get.”
Quickly he changed the railcar to standby the manual controls swung away again, it’s bell chimed and then it slowly made it’s way back into the main rail network.


He led the way up the nearest stairs, then along a couple of walkways, down another flight of stairs to arrive in the repair bay are. The mess room was really a large alcove in the wall containing two tables and a few chairs with all the usual kitchen equipment along the back wall, “Be it ever so humble but I call it home” he joked.
She attacked the simple meal with some ferocity and had three refills of tea before speaking, “My that was good, I needed that, I haven’t eaten for about two days.” John sipped his drink his thoughts racing, “Do I report this? Do I let her go? Shouldn’t I be doing some work? Will anyone be checking ?”
Finally he spoke, “I think you had better tell me something about yourself, what you were doing to arrive here and what you intend doing next”. “As you can see from my overalls I am a prisoner and under supervision, well not too much as it happens but we could both be in lot’s of trouble if you are found here and I have not reported it.”


Joan sighed, “OK, but it’s a long story,” John shook his head, “No just the basic detail will do for now, you can fill it out later.”
“Well have you heard of The Shadow Group?” John shook his head, “We or we were a group of youths and girls that wanted to rebel a little.” “There’s far too much control over what we can and can’t do. there’s no adventure, boring, oh lots of reasons an older person wouldn’t understand, so we formed a small group and had a few ‘get togethers’ but wanted a place we could have to ourselves.”
“Then one day one of the guys told us that he had been exploring the banned areas, you know , the dark side where no one goes anymore, he wanted to see where his parents used to live and see some of the places such as the stadium that his father had told him about and how my great great grandfather used to compete in athletics there.”
“He told us that he had found a way to get in without being spotted or tripping any alarms, so one day he took a few of us to see for ourselves, the result was that we found a little unit not too far from the ‘lit side’ and we started having regular meetings, and it grew from a few to about thirty of us at the most, and that’s when they muscled in.”


“Who’s they?” asked John, “Well they called themselves the free vote group but we knew all about that lot,” she said rather disparagingly. “They are often demonstrating in some square or other, but these people wanted to keep out of sight and they got bossy and started taking over.” “They threatened all the boys and beat a few of them up and in the end most were forced to leave the group”. “ We girls foolishly carried on meeting, then we found that they wanted to go deeper into the forbidden area and set up a permanent HQ and they forced three of the girls to go with them.” “I was one of the three and it was obvious what their intentions were.”
John nodded not wanting to stop her flow, “We were lucky,” she said carrying on, “
“But one of our original lads had told a Proctor because he worried about what they we doing.” “At the time we were still on the way to their hide out and we heard running footsteps in the distance, it was the guards running up the avenue so we all split up.”


“Didn’t any of these guys tried to help you to escape?” asked John, “No way, they just ran,” “What happened to you?” “Well I ran blindly, I didn’t know where I was or where I was heading and the lighting was very poor,” John remembered that almost all optics had been removed leaving the barest minimum in many places.
“And?” “I finally stumbled into a railcar depot,” “That’s on level eight,” said John, she nodded. “Well I couldn’t see anywhere to hide and if I got into a car I would be spotted straight away”. “But I saw this one car that had the cab door open,” “That’s very unusual,” said John. “Well I thought so but there was nowhere else to hide, so I ducked down and waited.” “Why didn’t you go the guards and explain you were being forced to into this?” ”I thought that but one of the guys had told us that as we had already broken the law by being ‘dark side’ the penalty if we were caught would be the same,” John shook his head, “ I don’t think so”.


Joan continued, “Eventually I heard the guards in the depot and they started too search every railcar including mine, then someone said that door needs closing,” and they came over and slammed it shut without looking inside.”
“How long did this take?” “Oh I suppose from the time we started to run from the guards it must have been about three hours, mind you we had been ‘dark side’ long before that’s why I’m so hungry.” “It was another two hours before the car was called back into service, I never guessed it was only to deliver goods next morning.”
“It’s just as well”, said John, “If it had gone back on a normal service run you would have been spotted soon enough with another crime to answer to.” He paused knowing what he was about to say would not go down very well. “I can only advise you on what to do, but I would give yourself up to the authorities, the longer you stay in hiding the worse things could get.”


Joan shook her head, “It’s a bit more complicated than that, I had already left home, my parent’s and me don’t get on, in fact they almost threw me out and I don’t want to go back.”
John thought for a while before speaking, he could sense that he was getting into something he would regret, “How old are you?” “ I’m seventeen and a half”, John smiled, the half seemed all important as though that qualified her to be out and about unsupervised.
“Really?” “Really” she answered. “Why aren’t you at college or working? “ I dropped out of college and I’m between jobs,” John could see more problems arising.
“Come on let’s tidy up,” he said, “We mustn’t leave any evidence of two people being here, and then you can come and help me while I think this thing out.”


Leaving her to tidy the mess room he went over to the workshop computer an idea forming in his head, consulting the defect list again from here he would not arose any suspicions and if anyone was checking it would convince them he was working.
There were two railcars with light defects standing in the same sidings and in front of the two containing refrigerated boxes, he walked over to the mess room.
“All done?” Joan nodded, “ Right follow me,” and retracing their steps her led her back to the sidings area and the railcars with defective lights.


Collecting four sets of lights from the boxes he had left on the platform he set both railcars to maintenance and stepped into the first one, “Watch what I do and if you think you can do the same have a go in the car next to this one, these haven’t been damaged just the light fittings taken.”
The light covers were hanging open, John offered up a replacement fitting, “They just clip in,” he explained, “Listen for the snap as you press both ends in, then plug it in,” he said, and demonstrated the process. “Looks easy,” said Joan and grabbing two lights disappeared towards the next car.
John closed the cover, went to the other end of the car and repeated the process, then retuned to the front end of the car, opened a panel and flicked a switch, both lights obligingly lit.
He went into the next car to see Joan had got one installed, “The clips are very tight,” she said, there were two snaps as she managed to secure the second light, “ Look what it’s doing to my nails,” John laughed, “You’ll get used to that if you stay here long enough,” he closed the covers and checked they worked.


“That’s great”, he took his key and changed the first car to standby, he waited the few seconds until it switched over to auto and hummed it’s way out of the siding, nodding approvingly he repeated the process on the second car.
“Now he said let’s have a look at that one,” he nodded towards the first of the two cars with flags showing, “What are you going to do?” “There’s enough food in this car to keep you for nine days although I hope we can sort something out before then.”


The box was quickly unloaded and John walked over to a panel on one side of the staircase leading to the upper walkways. “We can’t carry that it’s too heavy but I can call up the crane and we can move it that way,” he explained and so saying he swiped his card in the panel’s reader and then tapped a few button. There was a whirring overhead as a crane hovered above them with a chain and hooks swiftly descending towards them.
“I’ll move this to the workshop stores, any inspection of my quarters which I think is going to happen regularly would soon uncover all the extra food, and so saying hooked up the box and with a few more taps on the panel the box rose upwards far into the roof. “Come on,” he said “Let’s get back to the stores.” The box was finally stowed and plugged into the power supply at the back of the stores in a spare locker next to the ones containing the survival suits.


With everything looking more or less as before John beckoned Joan to sit in the alcove, “ Now young lady, I’ve had a long think about things and this is how I see it. You can’t stay here for ever you’d be bound to be found before very long, but first have your Parent’s reported you as missing?” “ No I don’t think so.” “Well regardless of if you like it or not you have got to return home at some point, you can’t stay here indefinitely.”
Joan nodded, “It looks that way, but I shall only run away again if I get a chance.” John shook his head, “You’re young and headstrong and have your own ideas but I have a suggestion, if I can contact your Parents and how I will do that at present I have no idea, but we could buy some time providing they have not reported you as missing”.
“The Proctors will not know that you were one of the group that they were chasing, I don’t suppose any of your group will have divulge any names, and providing your family agree to remain quiet about things we can arrange some sort of meeting to sort things out.”


Joan shook her head “ I won’t go back,”   “ If you stay here and are found not only will you be taken back you would be in serious trouble and so will I,” replied John.
“No more talking, here’s the rest of the day’s plan, come back to the living quarters upstairs and we can make an evening meal, perhaps watch a video but later you must go down to the workshop and I will find a safe and secure place for you to sleep, up here it is possible a Proctor can arrive with little advance warning.”
John finally found her a place in the stores inside a large cupboard, “I’ll lock the stores doors just in case, but if you hear anyone coming into the stores hide behind the cupboard, it’s the only place I can think of”. “It is very unlikely anyone in authority will call, anyone else just yell if you have to, don’t wander off anywhere and only one light please,” he wasn’t happy about leaving her this way but “Beggars can’t be choosers,” he thought.


CHAPTER THREE


In which John has a surprise visitor, the mystery of the murdered Citizen’s lack of a funeral. John and Joan explore the staff staircase and meet strangers, Joan is taken hostage.


Day forty eight


John rose early booked and himself in at the computer an hour earlier than the requested time, it didn’t seem to notice the change in time, and he hurried down to the workshop stores.
Unlocking the door he found Joan was already awake and wandering among the shelves looking at the stock.
“OK?” John enquired, “ I suppose so, but I don’t think I was alone last night” she said, “There was someone or something moving around out there very late,” “Did anyone try and open the stores door?” She shook her head without speaking.
“Well we will put that on hold for a moment, you can use the mess room washroom and toilet, but don’t forget don’t leave any trace of yourself behind, and then breakfast I think down here, and I must remember to move some of my food down here from in the living quarters, if anyone checks they will wonder what I am living on.”


They shared the simple preparation and started to eat, John looked at his watch it was eight fifteen. “I’ve been thinking all night, I can’t think of anyway of contacting anyone” he said, “ I’m completely stumped.”
“Why were you looking at your watch, are you expecting someone?” John nodded, “Yes the cleaner at nine if they come at all,” Joan looked up “ Of course, perhaps they could pass a message?”
John grinned, “You’re a genius, it’s so simple, I could hug you.” But his excitement quickly subsided, “It’s a risk, suppose they are not sympathetic they could turn us in, at the very least we are putting them in danger,” Joan nodded, “Just see what they are like first before you make any decision.”
John nodded, “OK, now you tidy up down here, I’m going back to move that food and check all is as it should be, I’ll be back in twenty minutes.”


The arrival bell rang and John could hear the approaching railcar it’s headlight lighting the tunnel before it came into view, he could see this time that there were several people on board, the railcar pulled up at the platform, the doors swished open and one figure stepped out, the doors swished closed and the car moved on.
“Hello, hello, is anyone around?” the new arrival called sounding a little apprehensive, John was standing behind a pillar, he could see the person was female but little else.
“Hi there”, he called over here, and stepped forward.
“John, John, is that you? I can’t believe it” she said, there stood his wife Rose.
John stepped forward quickly from his hiding place and took both her hands in his, “Rose this is wonderful but how one earth,” she impulsively pulled him to her and kissed him. “What happened to you?” she asked, “and what are you doing here?” It was her turn to be cut short, “Oh there’s so much to tell and so many complications,” said John “I only have an hour the cleaning must be done” she said quietly,” “No matter I can do that later, no one will know the difference, but first I want you to meet someone.”


He led her to the workshops where Joan was hiding, “This is Joan, Joan this is Rose my wife,” Rose looked astounded. “ I know what you are thinking but let me explain.” As quickly as possible John outlined his arrest and conviction while answering questions injected into the narrative by both women,
looking at his watch he realised that time had sped by, it was nine fifty.
“We must make our way back to the platform” he said. Turning to Rose he asked “Will you be here tomorrow?” Rose shook her head, “I may be, I’m in admin now, it’s obvious that although nothing has been said my grade has stayed the same so I am still in our old quarters but I don’t know if that will last.” John gave her a hug, “Well let’s hope so,”  he steered her onto the platform while indicating to Joan to hide from view behind the same pillar he had used. “I can stay on the platform legally” he said wryly. Promptly at ten the railcar returned and swept Rose away.


John turned to Joan, “That was a bit of luck, let’s hope they send her again, now I have just remembered I started here on the same working day as the official day one of the week, so I only have a four hour shift today and all of tomorrow off, so after our break are you on for a bit of exploring?”
Joan nodded, “OK we’ll get a few more lights fitted and after our break sort out your sleeping arrangement.” 
Picking up some more light fittings from the supplies still left on the platform he led Joan to one of the railcars, “Do you think you could fit a set of these?” He asked, Joan nodded, “Just show me once more.”
A quick demonstration followed and then he left her to fit the lights at the other end of the car while he made his way to the next car needing attention and started work there, Joan was soon back. “Finished” she said. “Go and get some more lights and I will change the next couple of cars to maintenance ready for us,” well before break time they had completed five cars.


John went over to the car containing the second box of food in a nearby siding, Joan following behind. “What are you doing?” “ I have an idea” said John as he switched the car to maintenance, “Once the box is removed this car will automatically go back into service but if I cause a defect it will stay here until fixed, so I am going to disable the drive motor on the front axle.” He stepped into the car, lifted the floor boards and pulled the wiring out of the terminal box on the motor. Putting everything back he stepped out and switched the car to standby, the bell chimed, it switched to auto and immediately switched back to standby. “Got it”, cried John triumphantly, “Now let’s get it into the workshops.” “How?” Joan asked.
“Well with one of the motors defective it may not move itself but I will try first, if not I will have to drive it manually, but first we’ll put the food box back, we may as well let the car take it instead of using the crane.” “I must also send three of the cars we fixed back into service, I’ll keep two in reserve they may be needed to avoid explaining a sudden drop in repairs.”


They made their way to the control room above, John sat in front of the control panel, swiped his card and then started tapping buttons to program the short journey for the railcar, once completed he pressed once more and stared out of the window.
Pools of light illuminated various places but not overall, walkways and stairs had small lights, the arrival platform and the workshop had several placed lit at strategic points but there vast area was mostly in the dark, ideal for concealment he thought.
Joan came and stood alongside to watch, with the command given to move, the car was identified by Joan as she saw the front riding light come on in the dimly lit scene below her, “It looks like it is going to move” she said.
Very slowly the car moved out of the siding turning to the left and joined the line that ran around the outside of the sidings. It headed towards the complex’s outlet tunnel but having passed the last sets of points it stopped and then started to reverse this time using the lines on the other side of the sidings, then turned right again and reversed into the workshops and into bay number one.
“Success” breathed John,” closing down the panel, “Now let’s get down there.”
The food box removed and secreted in another large cupboard John pulled out one of the long seat cushions, “Just pull a few more out and then lose one somewhere outside just to confuse matters, this one I have will make you a very nice bed.”


The wire mesh cage containing the larger railcar panels was located close to the incoming train tunnel and also the bricked up entrance to the old service stairs to upper levels.  They climbed to the upper floor, this time he looked carefully at the floor for footprints, he could just trace outlines of others that had been partially but not successfully covered over with extra dust. He nudged Joan, “Someone has gone to some lengths to hide their visit.”
Moving to the smaller panel leaning against the wall he pulled it to one side revealing the hole, the ladder was still there but out of reach. A totally enclosed short flight of stairs ran upwards from left to right from the grill entrance to level two. He remembered ironically that there were six flights between each level, as an apprentice he had swept them often enough.


While still considering what to do Joan pushed him gently to one side. “Here” she said, I found this in the workshop and produced a rope ladder, “Where on earth” John started, “ I hid this near the cage entrance earlier, you never saw me pick them up as we came in,” John laughed, you cheeky devil, well done.”
Peering into the hole he thought for a while, “I’ll climb down on the rope ladder, and move the ladder to the hole so I can climb down easier, then I will very slowly and quietly go up just to the next level and see if I can spot anything.”
“Oh no you don’t” whispered Joan, “You are not leaving me behind, I’m younger and fitter than you, I’ll go down on the rope ladder and you can use the ladder, no arguments,” and with that she hooked the rope ladder over the hole and clambered inside 


With the ladder re positioned John joined her mid way up the flight of stairs, talking in almost a whisper he said, “Sound carries up these stairwells a long way, so no talking unless it’s in a whisper, I’ll lead and don’t use your lamp unless absolutely necessary as this will gives us away.”
Joan nodded her understanding, “ Unhook the rope ladder,” he whispered, “I’ll put this ladder back where it was, we don’t want anyone following from the workshop, and I’m afraid you must carry the rope ladder for the time being, it may be our only means of return.”


With arrangements sorted John slowly climbed the stairs his light shining behind him to reduce the forward glow, just before the first landing he dowsed the light completely before in total darkness he felt his way around the wall to stand listening at the bottom of the next flight before proceeding.
Satisfied that all seemed quiet he stretched his arm out sideways as far as he could towards the centre of the lowest stair before switching his light to illuminate the next flight.  “ OK”, he whispered.
This procedure was repeated until they reached the last flight where the breeze was now becoming noticeable. Without using his lamp he looked around the wall, very faintly above he could see the suggestion of light from the next level’s staff entrance.
Keeping his light shielded as much as possible he moved quickly up the steps until he reached the wire grill cover on the side of the landing, peering through he could see he was in a side road just off one of the main avenues, the light was coming from a single fibre optic light immediately opposite.


The wire grill was oblong and stretched from floor to ceiling, he examined the grill minutely, it showed no signs of having been disturber for years but he knew that was no guarantee it hadn’t been used recently.
Joan nudged him pointing at her watch, he nodded and pointed down to the floor, they retraced their steps and did not speak until back in the panel store.
“Well that was a disappointment” he said, “Thanks about reminding me about the time, I had forgotten how it was passing.” placing the small panel over the hole and they returned to the workshop mess room.
“Why did you do what you did with the lamp on the stairs?” asked Joan. John smiled, “Yes a bit melodramatic I suppose, but if someone was waiting on the next level they would shine their lamp towards our light but not see us, it would have given us a chance to get away.” “ Or shoot at us” said Joan thoughtfully.


After their evening meal they had a council of war, John spoke first, “I can’t see that we are going to get very far this way, first what’s our real objective?” “Contact whoever is out there?” “If we can make contact with anyone would they be friendly?” “And if friendly what do we want of them?”
Joan shook her head, “ I think you are trying to take this too far in one go, identify them first and I think the only way to do this is to follow them. We could be wandering about for ever in all those levels.”
“You are absolutely right” agreed John, trust the young to cut through the surplus and get to the core,
he warmed to the situation. “First we must try and detect their route getting in and I think I have an idea, if we fix very unobtrusive very thin cord to the grill on the next level or indeed the grills on several levels, if any are broken we will know which one is being used, after that we could probably hide nearby and follow them.” “Will you have a look around in the stores and see if you can find anything suitable please?” “I’m going to check the computer in case there are any messages are in it.”


Day Forty nine


The routine was now established, John would rise, wash etc, tidy the dormitory, take food from his kitchen, book himself in at the computer and then join Joan in the workshop mess room, there was no cleaner due today as it was normally a rest day for everyone.
Joan reported that there had been some noises in the night but none near the stores and she had found some small plastic swing back legs which looked a possibility as trip warnings.
John spent part of the morning finding ways of attaching them to the wall but decided they were too noticeable, then Joan found a reel of fine black cotton in a repair kit so they decided it was going to be much simpler to use this and tie four cotton strands to the grill in four places with the ends tied to some suitable location on the wall, if two broke on the same side the grill had been swung open, not perfect but the best they could manage.


The second half of the day was spent climbing slowly first up to the next level’s grill entrance at level 3 and then repeating the exercise to level 4 and finally level  .


Day Fifty


At 9am Rose arrived on the first railcar and immediately behind a second railcar arrived with John’s food for the week on board, he just remembered in time to have the previous box ready for return.
With both railcars gone they gathered in the workshop mess room to continue their discussions.  John had explained to both women that he had always been confused with the fact that the reported murder did not seem to have got into the public domain, there had been no funeral service and witnesses seemed to have disappeared.
It seemed strange and unusual that first a Citizen had got into the control room in the first place, also that a Proctor was called by a member of John’s own staff without him being consulted, and that a Proctor was so conveniently handy. Rose did remark that it also seemed a very remarkable co-incidence that she had been transferred from technical to admin and sent to the repair workshops as a cleaner and thought it felt as though someone was pulling all the strings.
Deciding that John’s queries were plausible and no one was in a position to suggest other options at present, they moved on to Joan’s problem.


“Well” Joan started, “I don’t see why I can’t stay where I am,” usually a quiet person Rose surprisingly snapped back, “Well you can’t and I’ll tell you why, first you are putting John in greater trouble if you are found here with him, second you will surely be missed before long and there could be an official search, but thirdly you should not be co habiting with a man at your age.”
Joan sighed, “Oh dear not all that, you sound like my Mother,” John stepped in quickly, “Now then stop all that, it doesn’t get us anywhere, we’re stuck with things as they are at present.”
He turned to Rose “ Will you help?”  “If I can” she replied, “ You could put yourself at risk,” Rose shook her head, “No matter, we are all at risk even here, what do you suggest?”


“Make direct contact with Joan’s parents, go and see them, no phone calls,” “And ?” “Explain what has happened to Joan before she got here and the up to date circumstances and how she feels, see if they will accept her back at least for now.” Joan butted in, “What about me, do I get a say in all this?”
John paused, “Yes you do have a say but I don’t think you are in the mood to compromise on anything at the moment, but I suggest that you agree to go back if your parents can agree to my suggestions, and when you go back to make things a bit easier that they agree that you are free to come back here to visit.”
“Restricting you too much would be counter productive I feel , but first what is their address?”
Joan told him, “That’s fortunate” he turned to Rose, “not that far away from you,” Rose nodded “ I could walk there tonight. ” John turned back to Joan, “Now back to you, having had some experience on the Dark Side do you think you would have much trouble getting back home by the way you first came in?”  Joan nodded silently.


He turned to Rose again, “I know you are no longer in the library section but do you think you could make enquiries there?”  Rose nodded, “Well some I suppose”,  “See if you can find out anything about this Citizen I am supposed to have killed and also Proctor Gambit, my trial should be on public record at the computer and all CD’s have access to the information.”
“Why not yourself?” John laughed briefly, “No rights of any description I’m afraid,” and he added, “see if there is an address for this Citizen, in fact any background information, you never know it all may help.”
Rose stood up, “I think I should be moving it’s nearly 10,” John leaned over and gave her a friendly kiss on the cheek, “I’ll escort you back to the platform.” He turned to Joan, “Would you please get the rope ladder and the lamps?” “We may as well see if any of our traps have been tripped.” Rose looked enquiringly at him, “Ah I forgot to mention that we have set a few little bits of cotton over some of the staff access gates to see if we are having any intruders, I’ll explain as we walk.”


With Rose duly collected by the railcar they made their way back to the panel store, entered the hole in the wall they stealthily made their way up the stair well to level G taking time to examine all their pieces of cotton on the way, none had been broken.
John looked thoughtful, “You know when I think about it there can’t be so many people running around on the Dark Side otherwise it would have been noticed”. “The news would have spread if the guards had made any major searches, as we all know they would have broadcast it to everyone for the publicity.”
“So what now?” asked Joan, “Well we have to try and find them, so we could go on upwards and put cotton on a few more grills, but first we must go back and send at least one car back into service before we have our midday break, then a quick sortie beyond level G.”


This time they moved more confidentially as far as level G but took time at each level to check the cotton strands were still intact.
“From here on” said John, “we will just do a recce, no time to put cottons on every grill at present but just check each one to see if it looks as though it has been disturbed recently.” “Lets do the six, seven and eight levels unless we find lower ones have been used.”
Now trying to move more silently they checked each flight the way John had done with the previous ones and found no signs of disturbance at the six or seventh grill, but at level eight the grill, lit by two fibre optics, it had been swung away from the entrance. He stepped through the grill entrance but hardly had he done this when they heard footsteps, someone was coming along the road towards them.


John took a chance and flashed his lamp briefly around, on either side the walls were pierced with empty window and doorway openings, at one time they had been small living units. He tugged at Joan’s sleeve, and led her over to the nearest one, through the doorway and crouched down behind the wall under a window opening.
The footsteps got louder as the walker made no attempt to silence their steps, John straightened up slowly standing to one side of the opening but allowing himself a good view of the staff entrance they had just left. The light only revealed a shadowy figure but John guessed from the stature it looked like a man’s, the figure stepped into the staff entrance and took the upwards flight of stairs.
He waited until the footsteps died away, “That’s enough for today I think” he whispered, and led the way back to the workshops 


Back in the workshops John stood for several seconds thinking, Joan stood watching him without speaking. Finally he said, “I must look at the defects list and see what else I can do that doesn’t need too much work to put right, somehow I have to collect enough undetected spare time to be able to do any good.”
He turned and made his way to the sidings where he released the last remaining repaired railcar, Joan had followed him, “ That’s all the lighting jobs finished I think,” she said.
They had their evening meal and John checked the workshop computer, no warning of impending checks or inspections were logged, he then looked up the defects list.


Day Fifty one


The morning followed the now established pattern and Rose arrived promptly at 9 am.
She started in without even a good morning, “I called at Joan’s parents last night, it wasn’t too far and I walked.” John nodded, “A good idea rather than be seen in a railcar,”  “Joan’s Mother was alone which was good, I hadn’t fancied tackling both parents at the same time” replied Rose. “So what did you say?”
“Well I first explained I had news from a reliable source whom I had promised not to reveal, but I assured her Joan was safe, I lied when told her that I had not seen Joan myself to avoid complications, and then I told her she wanted to come home and the conditions and also the hope there could be some sort of reconciliation between them all, and I refused to give her my name or address”.  John nodded that was good, how did she take it?”


Rose smiled, “Several ways, first shocked that a stranger should contact her, then horrified at where and what her daughter was doing, frightened of what her husband would think and worried that the authorities would arrest them all, but grateful for the news and that she did want her to come home.”
“So how have you left things?” “Well when she had calmed down she did admit they missed their daughter badly and she thought that when she explained everything to her husband he would be reasonable for all our sakes, so she suggested that I come back in a couple of days when they have had time to think things over.”
“I’m causing a lot of trouble,” Joan chipped in, “you know it would be much easier if I just slipped back anyway and took a chance they wouldn’t tell the authorities.” Rose looked at Joan sympathetically “Oh no, don’t do that, give it a few days don’t do anything just yet, give them a chance to let the news sink in.”
She looked at the time, “This morning I will get up to the dormitory and kitchen and clean up, there’s just about time.” John nodded agreement and led the way to the control room and let her into the living area beyond.


Returning to the computer he reviewed the defects awaiting attention, “Well young lady do you fancy a bit more work?” “Of course” Joan replied. “Well the last car to come in and go onto standby has light problems so if I open it up you can have a go at that”. “I have a couple of broken windows and a faulty automatic double door which if I am lucky will free up at least two more cars before the day is over, with your job perhaps three or even four ready for off.”
“Will you send them all back tonight?” “Grief no, we are doing things too quickly, no one has asked how we are getting on although I suspect the next inspection may look at that side of things, so we’ll keep the returns down to two a day and perhaps build up a stock to buy some more spare time.”


Wednesday and Thursday passed uneventfully with two cars being repaired and returned on both days and two cars being finished but held back as John had planned.


Friday Day Fifty four


Rose had some news, “I called back last night, Joan’s Mother told her Husband and it did take a couple of days before he would agree to have her back on her terms.” “Meanwhile they had a visit from a Proctor who asked them both lot’s of questions, they felt that he knew they were being evasive about just how much they knew and they suspect that he was from satisfied, and they think they may be kept under observation from now on.”
John frowned, “That’s made things worse, she can’t go back while there is a chance they are being watched, you mustn’t either.” “Wait at least a week Rose and go when it’s busy, in fact I have a better idea, if you can find something that you can deliver it gives you an excuse to call. Tell them Joan will come home but it will not be safe for a few weeks, so don’t expect to se her for at least four weeks, do you have some sort of uniform you could wear?” Without waiting for an answer he turned to Joan, “Is that OK with you?” Joan nodded, “ I suppose so.”


Rose did you have a chance to go to the library ?”
Rose nodded, “Yes I went through the local news items and found a short note of a Proctor being assaulted but no mention of a Citizen being involved, but on the same day there was just a couple of lines about a Citizen Chambers who had celebrated his twenty first birthday party and his elevation to the rank of Citizen at one of the best night clubs called The Spot on level eight.
There was a list of guests but no names that I recognised, but interestingly it did go on to mention the party was rather subdued due tragic circumstances of celebrating his birthday due to the sudden death of his Father aged forty eight.” “Apparently the family have a suite on level eleven but of course no address was given, they speculated the reason for the man’s death was the Yellow Peril, I wonder if this is your Citizen?”
John smiled, “That’s the first positive news we have, well almost, so perhaps our search ought to be from level eight upwards, and before I forget I have this weekend off, so it will be Monday before I see you again.”
Joan’s repaired car and two of John’s were finished by the end of the day and two were sent back into service.


Day Fifty five Saturday


John worked the half shift on Saturday completing one more car but he held it back, he now had four in hand.
With the mid day meal consumed John and Joan prepared for an other trip exploring the staff staircase.
Still moving carefully they checked everything as before and reached level eight.
John had now found a street plan of level eight, in fact he had found almost a complete set of them in a drawer in the stores.
“I see now” he said and pointed to the plan, “the night club is only down the street from where the staff entrance grill is, just into the main avenue and into the first square, a few minutes walk. But he wouldn’t need to use the stairs, as a newly appointed Citizen he could use the lift in the square.”


He knew that as had always been the practice any of a Citizen’s immediate family although not entitled to all Citizen’s privileges could demand a special car, and the authorities would turn a blind eye on many occasions allowing one when it was not strictly allowed. But with a newly acquired Citizen card he could go almost anywhere, and somehow he must have got into this particular lift linked to the transport control room.


Levels nine, ten and eleven all showed signs of activity, John turned, “ I think we may be going too far too soon, let’s go back to eight and explore there.”
They retraced their steps and passing round the part open grill stepped back into the narrow street where they first saw the shadowy figure.
The fibre optics spaced some way apart glowed sufficiently for them not to have to use their lamps but this made passing the silent and hollow dwellings without doors or windows was quite eerie. Quickly they came to the much wider avenue which terminated in about one hundred yards into one of the hollow squares of the city
Looking upwards they could just make out the upper levels with all the balconies stepped back one above the other, looking down over their balcony they could just make out two of the lower levels.
John led the way around the balcony on their side of their square and as he did so he spotted some movement in the corner of the far balcony, he stopped and silently pointed.
Joan almost cannoned into him, “What” she started to say,” “Quiet, there’s someone ahead,” Joan froze, peering past him.


“Who’s there?” he called, “My name is Beresford, we mean you no harm.” There was a pause before the unknown person called back. “We know of one of you and we also mean you no harm, but you are considered a threat to our existence at this point in time, you are surrounded by stronger forces than yourselves and we wish to know what you are doing Dark Side, are you prepared to meet peacefully?” “Yes” John called back, he turned to Joan, “There’s not much option I suppose” he said quietly.
The man spoke again, “Are you armed?” “No “ called John, “Very well, come closer,” as he spoke they were illuminated with several hand held lights some of which were behind them.


The figure turned away and walked down the nearest side street, “Follow me please” he called. They entered the street to see him waiting at a lighted doorway, he waved them towards it and stepped inside.
The light inside was blinding after the gloom outside but as they slowly managed to focus they saw three men sat behind a table with two chairs on their side, there were no other furnishings.  “A necessary precaution,” one man said,  “please stand still while you are searched.”
A man and a woman had entered the room from behind, they quickly checked John and Joan for concealed weapons, “Clean” the man said.   The man seated in the middle of the three indicated the two chairs, “Please sit down.”


He stared at them for perhaps a whole minute before speaking, “I shall speak first and ask several questions which I expect you to answer freely and honestly, then you will have an opportunity to say what you want and ask questions.” “I am William but this is not my real name, no one uses their real name, as you will see we were prepared for you, in fact we have had you under observation for several days.”
Then starting with John he asked him to relate the whole scenario of how he became to be working alone in the previously closed down transport repair workshops and how he had arrived at such a situation.
John repeated the same story he had told his Wife and Joan a couple of days before, several questions 
followed, but eventually the man seemed satisfied with the account. “And now young lady, how about you?”


Joan’s story was much briefer and again he seemed satisfied with her story. “Your stories do match what we knew already and have filled in a few things we did not know, now I will tell you all we intend you to know about us at the moment”.
John started to protest but was cut off, “Let me tell you first then you may not wish to ask anything afterwards but if so you will be free to do so,” John nodded.
“As a group we do not have a name, this way it can never be referred to and picked up by the authorities. We know about the Free Vote Group and do have contact with them on occasions but they are not members of us and we are not members of their group”. “Incidentally the group that called themselves the Free Vote Group and tried to take Joan and her friends deeper into the Dark Side have all been rounded up, but I won’t tell you how this came about at present.”


Joan gave a sigh, “Thank goodness for that and whoever is responsible they have my heartfelt thanks.” William smiled, “Of course and I will make sure they know.”  He went on, “Our aim is to bring about a change in the control of the city peacefully, we are not reactionaries, anarchists, or counter revolutionaries, we hope no one has put any name tag put on us.” “We want a freely elected city council, you may think it’s very close to the Free Vote Group in aims but demonstrating in the squares and trying to start strikes en mass is not our way and could damage the whole stability of the city’s operation, and they will never convince the majority to their way of thinking doing things that way.”


John nodded, “This is interesting,” William smiled, “That’s encouraging to hear from you, but to continue, we are trying to convince by common sense the thinking of the more senior level grades and where possible some of the Proctors”.
“Unfortunately there is an equally strong movement opposed to us,” John interrupted, “ The Citizens, Proctors and higher grades?” William nodded,  “Correct, and unfortunately that’s why some of us are living Dark Side”.
“When we first started putting forward our ideas several of our members were attacked and badly hurt, I suppose they were trying to discourage us, as we persisted other things started to happen, status downgrades, whole sections closed without notice for no apparent reason so the senior staff lost their position and so on, the ones here have all been hounded out of their job or home or both, lastly one of us was murdered”.
“The main problem is mostly from the Proctors, they hold the physical power through the guards, the Citizens live scattered about the city and mainly communicate by computer and they rarely venture out visiting one another or to the occasional entertainment trip”.


“As long as the Proctors are loyal to the Citizens the system will not change, but some higher grades of C. D’s also don’t want to change the status quo either.”  “How many of you are on the Dark Side?” asked John, “Sorry I can’t divulge that,” replied William. “There are a few others roaming about, mostly we think loners, they usually run if we get close to them and as they have never tried to interfere with us we leave them alone, but there are not that many people this side in total.”


William paused but no one spoke so he continued, “Our policy is still very fluid, we have a wide range of people who agree with us but none in a high enough position, and that is where we are lacking, we need people with sufficient influence, it very frustrating as we know from many sources that many feel the same as we do but are frightened to make themselves know.”
John smiled, “Will I do, is grade eight high enough?” William nodded,  “Certainly but we need many more if you can find some,” John looked thoughtful, “While you have been talking an idea has been forming, “Go on” said William, “Do you know Phillip Klein, he’s under punishment?”
“Yes he works on the farm” replied William, “We know him and his helper Rose.” John looked relieved, “That’s good, can you contact either of them?” William brushed John’s question to one side with a gesture, “That’s not important, just outline your idea.”


It’s to get both of them out of the farm, and I think I know of a way?” “Why” asked William,  “Because Phillip would be invaluable with his computer knowledge he’s a genius by all accounts, that’s how we can make our presence felt.” replied John”
William leaned forward “Explain” he said.  If they were told to be ready, I could get out there one night on the refuse train, but they would have to be ready as we would have to come back on the same train, it would be impossible to walk there overnight, it’s too far and if we tried by hiding during the day and travelling by night even with protective suits he is too ill to manage it, so it has to be the train.”


William thought for some time looking at John the whole time as he thought, “Was this man genuine or was he a plant?” “Your plan has some merit, it could well work, leave it with me to give it some thought, now I think it’s time you were heading back.” John nodded he had forgotten all about time, “Yes you’re right, come on Joan let’s go.”
William stood up while the man and woman behind them blocked their escape, “Not so fast, she’s staying here,” John looked aghast,  William smiled coldly, “Insurance” he said.
John started to protest, but William held up his hand,  “Come on, think about it, one minute you’re an intruder and suddenly the next minute you’re one of us ?” “No we will have a bit of insurance, I need a bit more commitment from you than just a few slick words”.
“No one is going to expect her home for at least another week and by that time I will expect to see you here with a proper plan that is workable, let’s say three days? I’ll be in touch.”
He beckoned to Joan to follow him and as she walked round the table he took her by the wrist and both of them disappeared through a second door behind the table, as they did so the lights faded back to the normal dim level, John turned to the exit both the man and woman had also disappeared.


Day Fifty six Sunday


There would be no cleaner calling today so he decided to get on with the railcar work, if he could build up a good stock this would leave him time to make his plan work, he manage to finish another three.


Day Fifty seven Monday.


Rose arrived as usual and he let her through the control room into the living area. Standing in the corridor just outside the kitchen he quickly related his experiences of Saturday, “Poor Joan, is she taking it alright?” “More or less, I think she was getting bored with having to stay down here and work as well,” Rose smiled, “These young things, they do get themselves into situations,” her voice faded as she stared down the corridor, the lift panel was flashing, the doors opened and a Proctor followed by six guards appeared.


“Stay exactly where you are” called the Proctor, two of the guards hurried in front of him and standing behind Rose and John held them securely by pinioning their arms.
The Proctor caught up with the guards, “We have reason to believe you are harbouring one female namely Joan Armitage, is she here or has she been here?” John looked directly into the Proctor’s eyes, “She has been here for a short time but has left, we don’t know where she is.” “Tell the truth without giving anything away leaves less chance of being tripped up,” he thought. The Proctor nodded, “Very well, we are going to search the area” he said, “Both of you will remain here and will not communicate with others, do you understand?”
Without waiting for an answer he joined the remaining four guards who had already searched the dormitory, kitchen and storerooms. Using his ID card the Proctor herded his party through the control room door and turning briefly towards John he said, “I don’t trust you, I don’t know what it is but I have a feeling and when I get a feeling I know something is wrong but I will get to the bottom of it before I have finished”.


CHAPTER FOUR


How John devises a plan to rescue Phillip and Rose from the farm, learns how to report sick and visits an old command bunker

Day fifty eight


Level eight Avenue fifteen, Road sixteen Unit thirty seven turned out to be what had once been a row of shops in a once a very desirable residential area. The two men had approached from opposite directions and it had taken a considerable time for both to establish the other person’s identity in the half light of the fibre optics was the one he was seeking.
Man number two shuddered, “This gives me the creeps, I don’t want to stay here a moment longer than is necessary.” Man number one nodded, “Well we got him out of the farm,” number two nodded, “Quite a hue and cry, they were very lucky.” Number one nodded again, “He’s had a few scrapes in the workshop since then and one Proctor has a down on him, at least he has tumbled to the food boxes we are sending, let’s hope no one else does.” “Is there anything more you can do?” asked number two, “Not at present, things are moving fast but I think we must let them do their own thing for a while.”
“Another three weeks?” Number one nodded, “Try the Stadium again?” The other nodded glumly and faded quickly away.


The search took about a half hour and finally the Proctor and guards returned to the corridor, they had a short conference and then the Proctor waved John to join him.  John looked enquiringly at him, “Did the woman stay here long?”  No sir, she spent most of her time asleep and left the following day” answered John,  “Hmm, how long ago was that?” “Oh I’m not sure sir, one day runs into the next down here, but I do remember she was gone before my weekly food delivery arrived,” he paused and then risked adding, “because she was eating me out of supplies”.
The Proctor looked annoyed but refrained from answering his remark, “There’s no trace of unlawful entry or anyone other than yourself having been in here, you do seem to have been very industrious but that doesn’t mean you are innocent of harbouring her.”
“I shouldn’t say this but your efforts here have already taken the strain off the system for the time being, that doesn’t mean that we are satisfied with you by any means, don’t forget you are still a prisoner, did the woman say anything to indicate where she may be heading?” “No sir, as I said she spent most of her time asleep.”
The Proctor turned away with the guards falling in behind him until he reached the lift doors when one guard sprang forward to operate the call button, “We may be back” he called as he stepped inside the lift.


John watched while Rose busied herself with cleaning his bed space, the remainder of the room was now so bare it only needed the occasional clean. “That’s torn it” he said, “she can’t go back to her Parents now,” Rose straightened up, “I’ll call back in a couple of days and see what has happened.”
She checked the time, “Soon time to go back,” John nodded and led the way through the control room and down to the platform, “We have a few minutes to talk” he said, when a figure appeared from the direction of the wire cage it was William.
“You gave us a shock,” William laughed shortly adding, “And so did your visitors, we were just coming through the cage when we saw them swarming down the walkways.” “We ? “are there more than just you here?  asked John
“Well there was, I was bringing Joan and another member but when we saw that lot arriving we all retreated, the others back up the stairs, I managed to cover the hole with an extra panel but left just enough room to see behind so it would not be necessary to move anything, as it was I watched as the guard did shine his lamp behind the panels for a second.”


John quickly outlined what had happened, “She can’t go home now” he said, William nodded, “I suppose not,” he paused for a second, “look this doesn’t really alter very much, have you a got plan now for your scheme to get these other two out of the farm?” John nodded. “Well I’ll come back later today with Joan by the way, and you can tell me how you are going to do it”.
The arrival bell and the noise of an approaching railcar was enough for William, he quickly made
his way from the platform with the wave of his hand. Rose boarded the train without any farewell and was gone.
Now alone for the present, John decided to start a longer job, there was one car with a reported faulty drive
Motor. If he could get that into the repair bay to join the other one he could loose some time over both of them.
Moving the faulty car into the repair bay wasn’t a matter of just pressing a few buttons on the control panel, it took him the remainder of the morning to juggle the numerous cars around until the task was done.


He had now started taking his mid day meal in the workshop mess room every day as it was more 
convenient and just before starting work again William appeared with Joan alongside.
John nodded to Joan, “OK?” he asked, she nodded, then John looked at William, “Ready to hear the plan?”
William nodded , “But I think we must first find a suitable place to talk, we don’t want to be dropped on 
like this morning and the mess room has only the one door.
I’ve an idea,” said Joan, both men turned towards her, “What about the end car at this end of the sidings, it has a good view of most of the area except just here by the workshop, but anyone coming from the balcony , control room or platform would be spotted,” “Good thinking,” said John, “and there are a couple of exit routes if need be” he said pointing the way.


They made there way to the car and settled down to listen to John’s plan, “There’s not much detail really” started John, “But it’s quite simple, to get to the refuse train on the bottom level we drop down into a small brick lined well alongside the rail tunnel entrance to the workshop, you can hardly notice it.”
“There is a small inspection door in one wall which as apprentices we used to squeeze through when exploring the area, this leads straight onto the lowest level rail tracks.”
“Then we walk along the walkway until we come to the first set of refuse chutes, that’s about two hundred yards, here the trains stop while the refuse is dropped into the various hoppers cars”.
“There is sufficient time for a person to step across from the walkway onto the main chassis of the 
hopper, I must mention if you are unfamiliar with the design, the same basic chassis is used regardless
of what purpose the car is used with demountable units”.


“The hoppers have handrails and at each end ladders are just in case someone has to climb inside for inspection, so we can stand on the chassis and hold the handrail, at the rear I might add, not from the side as you could get swept off the car, but two people have time to get onto one car I think.”
“This is the last stop before the train goes to the farm, the remaining stops en route are no longer in use,
unfortunately the farm only has one call every seven days, on Saturday nights, of course there’s more than one refuse train running around under the city collecting on a daily basis. 


“The train to the farm makes it’s last stop in the city near here at nine twenty seven and takes one hour and fifteen minutes to get to the farm, it enters a cutting and slows down just before the main farm buildings and travels underneath them, this is where we jump off.”
“Now there are three stopping points for collecting refuse in a loop which comes out at the separate tunnel exit, the three stops take fifteen minutes altogether, so we have to rendezvous with Phillip and Rose somewhere as near to this exit as possible and lead them to the last collection point which is not too far inside this exit.”
“The rendezvous with them has to be very close to the exit cutting as we have to walk the tracks until reaching underground but it’s only about twenty yards in the cutting and once inside it’s about the same distance along the walkway to the last colleting point but the timing will be essential.”
John paused waiting for any sign of approval from William but he remained silent. 
He continued “This line to the farm is a spur off the main circuit, on the return journey it rejoins the main line but continues in it’s original direction which not the way we want to go.” “However on joining the main circuit it always stops for the points to change and the door to open, they never change points or open the doors in advance and there’s just enough time to drop off, from there we have no option but to walk the rest of the way back to the workshops on foot using the tunnel walkways, I calculate that it will take altogether between four and five hours.”


William whistled silently through his teeth, “You certainly know your rail system.” John smiled, “I should after twenty five years working in it, the problem is getting the detail to Phillip and Rose, getting their answer, deciding on a meeting point and seeing if they can get to the rendezvous point to board the train. Do you know how Phillip is ? last time I saw him he was not well.”
William leaned back, “I have heard he was in the sick bay at the farm but is out and about again, anyway leave the farm details with me, we have a few connections and we have five days to arrange something.”
“John tapped William on his arm. “Is she still a hostage?” nodding across to Joan.  William grinned, “Of course not, that was partly to test you and see what your reaction would be, also we couldn’t afford to feed her much longer”. “As you must imagine food is in very short supply around here, and from what you have told me I also agree that someone is pulling a few strings in the background so your credentials are OK.”


John nodded in agreement, “Yes food is a problem, by the way is it you that have been pinching the lights out of the railcars?” William nodded, “ I’m afraid so, we have a foraging party, just two people actually, they go around and pick up anything they can, they are becoming quite adept at it. , the lights are very useful”
The arrival bell rang and they could hear the approaching railcar, William rose quickly, “I’ll take Joan and disappear until we know who this is,” John nodded agreement and strode off towards the platform.
Once clear of the entrance tunnel the car stopped waiting for the points to change and then moved slowly forward on the line around the outside of the sidings, it paused waiting for a points change again and then eased into one of the empty siding that John had recently cleared.
John turned and walking quickly made his way over there, the car looked normal but a glance told him it was on standby, then he noticed the small arm sticking out from the passenger cabin door, signalling another delivery, another consignment of refrigerated food for three men for three days had arrived again.


Footsteps heralded the arrival of Joan and William, John did not turn round but just kept staring at the box, “What is it?” asked William. “I think I may have some of the answer to the food shortage” said John. “The central computer has duplicated the food delivery again, why I have no idea, perhaps the job was never cancelled or never reported completed but I bet if I send this car back in three days time another delivery will be sent.”


The remainder of the day was spent by Joan and William ferrying the food up the staff staircase to level eight where two others took over and spirited it away, while John made preparations to replace the faulty drive motor on the railcar in the workshop repair bay.
John decided that his first longer job was of repairing a drive motor on the railcar he had moved into the repair bay.  In the old days this was usually a two man job but could be carried out by one person, he had refreshed his memory on the procedure by studying the manual on the previous evening.
Having removed the flooring of the car, he removed the four retaining bolts holding the four wheeled bogey in place, disconnected the wiring loom plug, and using the overhead crane lift the chassis of the car by twin lifting lugs fitted on each side of the body. Then he pulled the bogey still on the rails from underneath the car, it was then a simple job to unbolt the motor and with a crane hoist it over to one of the workbenches for further attention, the cabin was then lowered onto blocks.


Rose had not turned up to clean, but John decided to leave his sleeping quarters untouched, and concentrate on his task, this took him most of the day. Joan helped as and when she could but concentrated mostly on preparing their meals and turning herself into a liaison officer between the workshop and William who never seemed to be very far away.


Day Fifty nine Wednesday.


John had barley started work when he heard the ring of the arrival bell , walking quickly towards the platform he met Rose. Quickly he led her up to the control room and then into the corridor beyond, “We can talk up here while you do a quick clean I’ve kept things very tidy, I hope we don’t get disturbed this time.”
He related all that had happened after she left on Sunday, “And what happened to you?” he asked. “ I was given another job yesterday, just a one off but luckily very near to where Joan’s parents live, I got the chance during the lunch break to slip along and have a word the her Mother.”
“Well?” said John impatiently, “They had a visit from one of the Proctors, and by her description it may be the one that searched here”. “One of the youths that tried to abduct Joan and her friends finally told the authorities the names of the girls, so as they knew where they lived all their homes were visited.”
“Joan’s parents had to admit after a lot of pressure they had been told by an unknown person she was safe and living in the Dark Side, but why they decided to search the workshops is a mystery.”


“It’s a good job you never divulged your name or where Joan was to her parents,” said John, “but the Proctors are not foolish and there are few places Joan could have hidden without being picked up quite quickly”. “They may not know exactly who and how many people are on the dark side but they must suspect this place, so no more contact with the parents, at least for the time being, and under the circumstances I think the less you know about what we do or what you see would be better for your safety.”


John looked into the dormitory, “Leave this now, it looks fine, come and keep me company in the workshop until you go back.”
Joan was busying herself with a few chores in the mess room, “Hi Rose” she said, Rose nodded, “What happened to you yesterday?”
John explained to her quickly and continued, “Rose I am very worried,” Rose looked towards him, “Why so?”   “The Proctor enquiries are getting too close for comfort, and don’t think they have finished, if you were spotted visiting Joan’s Mother yesterday we could be in serious trouble, I can’t tell you why under the circumstances but we are walking a tight rope at the moment”, he paused looking at his watch, “I’ll walk you back to the platform”.
On his return he asked Joan what were her plans for the day, “ I just thought that I would make the place tidy”, John smiled, “Not too tidy I hope, a woman’s touch in a workshop mess room would surely give the game away, anyhow I thought you may have been spending some time in there”, he jerked his head towards wire cage outside the workshop proper.  “Oh no, William did say he would be busy today, he didn’t say what he was doing.”
John turned back to the workbench where he had the railcar’s motor partly stripped down.


Day Sixty Thursday


Rose did not appear to clean this morning, and Joan had disappeared after breakfast. It was mid day break time before she appeared, “I’ve been you know where,” “Oh yes,” said John “Yes, I didn’t see William but the chap with fair hair told me he was coming to see us today,” John nodded, “Well he knows where to find us,” and he returned to his bench fully absorbed in the motor repair.


Hardly an hour had passed before William slipped into the workshop, “Let’s meet” he said quietly,” same place?”  John nodded and picked up a cloth to wipe his hands, “I’ll follow”.
When all three were seated William started,  “I was away yesterday seeing one or two people and there are some changes I think you will approve,” John nodded expectantly, “Your whole plan is very reliant on everything going exactly to time, well that never happens, but the main danger is your timing to get from the incoming train in the cutting to a rendezvous with Phillip and Rose and get them to the last refuse collection point in the tunnel to catch the train it’s to tight.” He paused, “Yes I agree that was one of my worries” said John.


“So it has been arranged that the couple will slip away from their individual dormitories at a given time and if asked make the excuse that they are going to the communal wash room”.
“En route they pass the normally locked grill to staff service stairs, this grill will have been unlocked, this is the point where they make their move.”
“They have only been given verbal only instructions on the exact the route to take to get to the collection point, and a lamp will be left a few yards inside the door for them to use.” “Once at the collecting point they will wait for you and the train.”  “So now you will remain on the train and make sure at the third stop they board safely.”


John was silent for a few seconds, “That is absolutely brilliant” he cried, “How did you manage all that?”
William smiled, “I don’t think you need to know that, but it wasn’t easy, there are still some pitfalls in your plan but it can’t be helped”. “We or I should say you will have to take a chance, but if it all goes well there will be some terrible repercussions for anyone found to have helped in the escape and that worries me. I take it when you kept saying we that Joan s going with you?” John nodded, “Yes, and I asked her several times but she is determined to help.”


The sound of the arrival bell sent William and Joan hurrying away, but it was only another faulty railcar that slowly nosed it’s way into a spare place in one of the sidings.
John walked over to the siding where the railcar stood that had brought the food box, closing the now empty cupboard caused the external indicator flag to retracted automatically. Stepping out of the passenger compartment he went through the switching over routine and within seconds the auto light came on the bell rang and the car slowly pulled away. “Let’s see if they send another box” he thought.


Day Sixty one Friday


Rose arrived looking very tired. It turned out that as John suspected, she had been reported being outside her place of work on her mid day break. Not crime in itself after all she wasn’t a prisoner, but from the questions shot at her over a two hour grilling by a Proctor and a mysterious man with no name or rank made her sure that the reason she gave of ‘stretching her legs’ during her break was not fully believed.
“I thought this would be inevitable” John said.
“Yes” she said, “and they asked how I became a cleaning admin worker when I was officially employed in the Technical Section, and also how I conveniently managed to be cleaning for my Husband who is supposed to be a prisoner?”  “The mystery man asked these questions.”
“What did you tell him?” “Not much, I said I had no idea, I was told it was the luck of the draw, the computer is asked to find a name for a particular job and my name was next on the list.”   “What did he say?”  “He said do you believe that?” “I said I had no reason not to believe it, then they let me go.”


John pulled Rose to him and gave her a hug, “I am so sorry I dragged you into this,” Rose wriggled out of his grasp obviously embarrassed at the closeness of them after all this time. “I went into this with my eyes open, there are no recriminations, now let me get some work done please.”
John stepped back searching her face for any indications of how she felt about him but she gave no signs, “I’ll come back for you in half an hour” he said.


William appeared at mid day, “We need to talk,” “What again, is there any trouble? “No, it’s just that if we get Rose and Phillip away on Saturday night we have to find some safe living accommodation for them”. “My guys have put a few ideas forward but the general consensus is that there is only place where no one has gone in living memory other than the emergency crews,” “And where’s that?” asked John, “On the roof.”
“Why is it so safe William?  William grinned,“Only maintenance crews have any reason to go up there in order to service the wind turbines and collector domes”. “The turbines are around the edge of the roof and the collector domes are down the middle more or less, but there are a miles of completely deserted buildings up there, and most still fully shielded.” “If they are equipped with survival suits to get to the buildings the two of them should be OK,” replied William.
“From what you have told me John we are going to get random surprise raids by the guards from now on, we will have to be on pretty high alert at all times, in fact I think a twenty four hour guard may have to be posted.”    “This is why we must get Phillip, at the very least his knowledge of electronics may help us to set up warning systems to save on man power” said John.


Day Sixty two Saturday


John worked the morning shift until eleven and then went up into the control room. Swiping his card he punched in send message and reported he was going sick. The machine acknowledged this and directed him to contact the sick quarters.
He logged on and stood waiting, the sick bay page came on screen and he filled in the necessary information. Then followed a question and answer session by the machine to determine his illness and possible cure. He tapped in ‘head pain’. The machine whined into life, “Have you an eye sight problem?” “No,” and so on until the questions finally stopped then a pause and the machine asked “Recommend action required?”
He punched in ‘rest’. The machine digested this for about a minute and then replied, “The rest is authorised for twenty four hours, then report condition.” “That should do it,” thought John and closed down the machine.


He found William hovering around the workshop, “Have you time to slip away?” John explained what he had done, “ I had forgotten I should be going to an R & R centre this weekend, I couldn’t think of any other way of getting out of it.” William led the way through the wire cage into the staircase and almost ran up the flights of stairs, “Aren’t you worried about the noise we are making is going to attract someone?” asked John,     “Not this time, we have a watcher on most of the levels,  the guards will no doubt be  running all over the place searching but we should get plenty of warning if they get too near”.
Reaching level eleven John was out of breath, “Hang on a minute” he gasped, William smiled “Not much further to go but this time we have to be quiet this area has no watcher”.


As on all other levels the service stairs exit came out in a side road, he led the way along this to the nearest avenue and into the adjoining open balconied square and pointed to a small door on the opposite side of the square.
“We must stand here very quietly and just listen for any unusual sounds or movements before we carry on.” Five minutes passed only interrupted by the creak of the roof as the wind outside swept over it. “Seems all clear, I have a key for the door but once in there if anyone comes we are trapped as there’s only the same way out unless we go over the roof” whispered William.
They tiptoed around the balcony to the other side of the hollow square keeping as low as possible, William’s key turned silently in an obviously well oiled lock, he opened the door without hesitation and almost swept John inside swinging I behind him and locking the door in one movement.
“This is another service stair, only one short flight” he explained. They quickly climbed to a small square landing, a set of shelves were fixed to one wall and a door with a small yellow pane blocked any further progress.  Looking out through the pane to view the roof they could see the wind turbines to their right stretched away into the distance, the collector domes ran away in a straight line directly ahead shining with a white glow, the other side of the roof was out of their sight.


“Look just past the domes to their left,” John peered through the yellow pane, he could just make out some conventional single storey buildings in the distance. “That’s where we are going to put them” William explained, “Perhaps only temporarily but safe.” “You have to walk from here and of course you need a survival suit to do that in safety.” “The guards won’t come out here without extra pay, and even the maintenance people keep visits to a minimum”. “What do they do about major turbine repairs?” said John. William grinned, “Very ingenious, they can lower them bodily to the level below under cover, it saves them having to wear survival suits.”
John looked relieved, “I don’t think you could find anything much safer, but what if someone does come up here to search and some of us are trapped, what then?”


William looked pained, “You would bring that up, only way is over the roof I’m afraid, the problem is that most people have an inbuilt fear of the outside and the yellow peril.” “But the odd exposure would have no detrimental effects, it’s only prolonged or regular exposure that causes the sickness, but we must all remember that if we are caught on these stairs with no time to put a suit on be we carry it with us.”
“There is a way out, a bit unconventional but there are fire escape chutes at regular intervals by the side of the houses”. “I doubt they’ve ever been used, but sliding down one would bring them into one of the side roads, it could of course deliver us straight into the hands of anyone waiting in that road.”
“So we need at least two survival suits for our intended guests before we can do anything,”
  “Let’s hope that escape route never has to be used” said John 
“Come on” said William, “time we went.”


Taking great care William slowly opened the door at the bottom of the stairs leading onto the balcony, after waiting for several minutes he slipped quickly out with John almost as nimble. Repeating their tip toeing crouch they made their way around the balcony and back to the side road and the staff entrance to the service stairs.
William locked this grill when they had passed through. “What are you going to do now?” asked William. “Well” said John, “We are as prepared as we can be so I think tonigh’s the night so a little nap may be in order first, after all we are going to be up for a further twelve hours at least.”


Dressed in mechanics dark blue overalls ,faces darkened with a concoction made up from the contents of the washroom by Joan, and topped off with a couple of woollen hats Joan had to admit they looked a couple of desperadoes.
Gliding silently around the sidings they moved carefully to the tunnel entrance, they could see their objective the dark shape of the small pit on the other side of the rail tracks.
“Watch the CCTV camera, it may be working,” he glanced up, at the moment it was stationary “If it swings this way it’s because it has detected movement, stay absolutely still and wait.”
They moved forward slowly to the rail tracks, the camera did not move, “Slowly does it,” hissed John, they stepped very slowly over the tracks and slipped into the pit.
John tested the door handle and it gave under his pressure, “Thank goodness, I thought we may have to break this lock” he whispered.
The door swung was pulled aside revealed an opening about eighteen inches square, John put his feet in first and wriggled through, “A bit tight for me” he grunted, “you’ll be OK.”


He switched on his lamp, “Close the door, we don’t want to advertise ourselves,” he had illuminated a low passage sloping downwards, stooping almost double he shuffled down it.
After a few yards the passage opened up onto the lowest rail track, they were standing on the side walkway. John turned left, “Keep up, we are OK for time but you never know what lies ahead.”
Nothing lay ahead and very shortly they arrived at the refuse chutes that protruded from the tunnel roof, he looked at his watch, “Seven minutes to spare, save your light Joan we don’t want to run out of power,” Joan giggled nervously, “You don’t know what I have in my backpack,” “I bet it’s a spare battery?” Joan giggled again but did not reply.


The train could be heard approaching by a low rumble and exactly on time it appeared heralded by it’s rather dim headlight. “Get on the back end of the first hopper” said John. She quickly stepped over onto the car grabbing the hand rail, John followed. “Shuffle round a little so I don’t stick out” he said. All the time they could hear the sounds of refuse being discharge into the hopper. The car moved forward a few yards as a different type of refuse dropped into the second hopper and so on until all four hoppers had received whatever had been saved for them.

The train moved off without warning and rumbled down the tunnel, the four silent stations were passed and then the train came to a stop, they heard the points change and the outside doors open and then the train continued taking a right hand fork and within seconds they were outside but in a deep cutting.
The rest of the journey was uneventful, they hung on while their train climbed gradually to ground level and finally came to another downwards sloping cutting to allow the tracks to go under the farm buildings, the train came to a stop while the doors opened and then slowly trundled forward to start it’s collecting.


The train soon collected from the first two stops then as they approach the third stop John shone his lamp forward and waved it up and down to show it was a person that was holding it.
He could see two figures standing on the walkway, “Quick” he said to Joan, “jump down and help the woman onto the first car, I’ll look after the man.” Joan was off like a flash running along the walkway and steering her charge to the rear of the first car, she just about had her on board as the car moved forward to receive refuse into the second hopper. John gripped his charge by the elbow, “Back to the third car quickly, jump on the chassis and grab the hand rail.”
The train moved forward again and John had to turn his charge and push him to keep pace with the third hopper, “Now” he hissed in the man’s ear, and pushed him forwards and upwards.
Safely aboard he called to Joan, “OK?” He got a waved response as the train jerked and started it’s return journey to the city.


After about half an hour John spoke to his charge, “How are you feeling Phillip?”  Phillip nodded, “Fine, but what a way to travel.” “Can you hang on while I try and talk to Joan?” Phillip nodded so John sidled around the edge of the hopper and shuffled to the front, he could see the two women on the rear of the car in front.
“Joan, Joan”, she turned, “As soon as the train stops jump off, no matter where we are, we will watch and as soon as you jump so will we.”  Joan waved her acknowledgement. “And keep your torches to a minimum.”


It was almost thirty five minutes later that the train started to slow, for the last mile it had been running in a cutting that steadily deepened until it reached a depth level with the lowest under the city, finally it came to a stop 
John leaned outward and saw two figures drop from the train, “Quick it’s out turn,” he stepped to one side to let Phillip jump first and just as the train started to move again he leapt.
“Keep to the left hand track and follow the left fork” John called. “It’s not a long walk into the tunnel but then a good walk along the walkway to our place.” “No talking, save your strength, a rest every twenty minutes I think”. “Don’t hesitate to tell me if you are in trouble, food and drink any time but I would like to have an twenty minute walk behind us first, we have about five miles to walk altogether.”


He set off single file with Joan at the rear, “Quickly before the doors close.” They trotted alongside the moving hoppers until they were through the entrance and in the tunnel, the doors closed behind them and what little light there had been disappeared.  Following the left hand fork he soon came to the walkway.
“I’ll light your way, we’ll only use one torch unless absolutely necessary,” he said as he helped each member to scramble onto the walkway.
“I don’t expect one but if you do hear a train coming lie flat on the walkway, you should be quite safe.”
John led in the same order as before shining his lamp forward and then rearward along the floor so the others could see the way was clear. As they passed the first unused station Joan whispered, ”What were these for?” John stopped, “Rest here everyone.”


He shone his lamp on the floor the walkway, here it was wider in fact it was platform width, and then he illuminated the boarded up entrance.  “Do you know I had forgotten about these places, they were used way back during the war of N 3, that was the last nuclear war” he explained, “OK everyone?” “We’ll move on.”
A further mile brought them to the second boarded up station, “Right we’ll stop here there’s more room and have some refreshment, are you OK Phillip?”  Rose spoke quietly, “ Don’t worry I’m keeping an eye on him, but a rest here would be welcome.” They settled down as best they could on the hard floor, Joan handed round some sandwiches while John dispensed a hot drink from a thermos flask, they had almost finished eating when Joan turned and stared into the darkness.


“John,” Joan whispered, “What is it?” “Look up the tunnel I think I can see a very faint light a long way away, someone is coming our way.”  John snapped off his lamp, “Quiet please” he listened, very faintly voices could be heard.  Quickly he shone his light on the boarded up station, “One of those panels doesn’t look to be fastened very well, if we pull it to one side we could get inside and hide.”
He handed his torch to Rose, “Hold the light please.” Unnoticed he had already delved into his rucksack and taken out a small jemmy, this made short work of prising one end of the boarding away, and peering inside he called.  “This is a bit of good luck, this boarding covers part of the original entrance, we can get in and hid, quick tidy up here we don’t want to leave any clues that anyone has stopped here.”
The voices were now getting louder, but they all managed to squeeze inside well before the owners arrived, John pulled the board closed and hung onto it.
“The rest of you disperse and hide, if they find the panel they may capture me but you may not be discovered. quiet now.”


The  voices could now be heard clearly, the boarding was illuminated briefly but the footsteps never stopped and after a long wait John was heard slowly pushing the panel outwards, just enough to see if anyone was waiting outside.
“All clear I think,” he whispered and he squeezed himself fully out and looked down the tunnel in the direction of the departing searchers 
“Don’t use lights just yet, you can all come out but we’ll wait another five minutes before we set off.”
There were no more incidents, the third station was passed and then the fourth without trouble and they came to their low passageway leading to the pit in the workshop complex. John explained to them about the CCTV that was sometimes but not always in operation. He handed Phillip and Rose mechanic’s dark blue overalls, “Slip these on, it minimises the movement detection system, if the camera moves towards you just freeze, if it does move we will then cause a diversion so it will move towards us and give you chance to move out of camera shot.”


They all emerged to stand chest high in the pit, “I’ll make a quick check to see everything is clear, hang on,” John slid over the pit edge on his knees and as before slowly negotiated the railway tracks. Standing upright he moved swiftly to check the repair bays and mess room, satisfied they were empty he returned to his side of the tracks and waved them over,” One by one” he called quietly, “and slowly the way I did it,” the camera never moved.
Assembling in the workshop John looked at his watch, “Two o’clock, congratulations everyone, I didn’t expect to get back here so quickly,” he turned to Joan. “Would you mind if Phillip rested on your bed in the stores for a while?” Joan nodded, “Of course they could both rest there, there is room, I’ll show them where it is.”
The immediate task over John relaxed and reviewed the situation, “So far so good,” he thought, “but what do I do now we have Phillip, well it had to be something in the computer line, perhaps upset the system a bit?”   Putting that to one side, he started to think about feeding three extra people and how they would cope with their lofty accommodation providing they ever got them up to it safely, he dozed off.


“Wake up, wake up”, Joan was shaking him, “William is here,” John glanced at his watch, 11 am, it was time to report to the computer. William had grabbed him by the hand and was pumping it for all he was worth, “Congratulations, marvellous, marvellous,” “Just a minute,” John managed to break free, “I have to book in at the computer,” he made his way back to the control room and logged into the sick section.
“Health status report” demanded the machine, John typed in one word ‘Healthy,” the machine hesitated and then replied, “Your new status has been recorded, you are still entitled to your thirty six hour R & R do you wish to take it?” John typed in ‘Yes’, “Where do you wish to take the R & R?” John put in ‘Workshop Dormitory’. “Well there’s no harm in asking” he thought.  “Granted” the machine announced flatly, “Thirty six hour rest period to be taken from eleven fifteen am, location Workshop Dormitory,” and it closed down.


He strolled back to see William and Rose waiting, “Great news, I have the time off for this second period and all of tomorrow.” William looked amazed, “ How on earth did you manage that?  John grinned, “I’m getting to know how this machine thinks, but it does give me time to help you settle in our new guests.” William shook his head, “I think you have done enough for today at least,” he put his hands on John’s shoulders, “You know I didn’t believe you would make it.”
“Now how about Joan is she to join them?” John asked, “bear in mind there are only two survival suits here so unless you can get your hands on any more we will have to escort them over the roof one at a time and bring the suit back for the next one.”


“William nodded, “ I had thought about that, it’s not easy, I have my guys trying to think up some ideas, we could collect a lot of loose sheets and make a sort of covered walkway but that would be a dead giveaway if anyone came onto this part of the roof, and it could be seen for half a mil.”
John nodded, “I was thinking about suggesting we could house them in the disused station entrance to the old command bunker from the refuse tunnel.”
William nodded,  “Well that’s a distinct possibility but that must be reconnoitred first to see if there are any facilities,” and as an afterthought,  “ventilation.”


He looked at John, “OK how about a quick look at the command bunker tomorrow morning, just you and I?” “We’ll have to wait until my guys have come up with some more suits before we make the move to the roof a practical venture, I’ve told them nothing is to be taken from any essential services stock.” “Now I must show Joan where we lie low on a day to day basis so she can find us if need be, much safer than staying in the workshops.”
John sighed, “ You know I am curious about those people in the tunnel it couldn’t be guards, surely it was too soon for them to know Rose and Phillip has escaped?”  William nodded, “Perhaps, as I said there are some curious characters wandering about but I’ve never known them move around in groups,” he beckoned to Joan and led the way back to the cage.


Day Sixty three Sunday


With Phillip and Rose taken to the third level and hidden in one of William’s hideaways, wearing the mechanic’s blue overalls the two men quickly reached the edge of the rail tracks which entered the complex. William stepped forward, “Stop” hissed John, “I saw the camera move”, they waited and shortly the camera swung away from them. “They’ve switch it on, I bet they are all switched on now”. William nodded, “It’s to be expected I suppose,” they crossed the tracks stepping carefully, reached the pit, and quickly entered the short passage.


CHAPTER FIVE


Day sixty three continued Sunday


How John and William go back to the command bunker twice and John meets the rest of William’s team, the search for them starts and some new lodgings are found for their new guests and a mysterious clue.


The men jogged along the walkway and the second station from the city’s tunnel exit was soon reached, entering was now easy with the panel disturbed before and they squeezed themselves behind it.
They found themselves standing in some sort of outer office, boarded up windows facing the platform with a door obviously leading into the main part of the bunker.
William tried the door, it opened and light streamed in.  The fibre optics have never been taken away” he said, “Thank goodness for that,” said John. They were in a short corridor with two doors on either side and at door at the end.
John walked to the end door. “I’m getting used to this, I bet the control room is through here,” this door was also unlocked. William following behind as John stopped in the door and gasped, “What is it?” William breathed down John’s neck, “It’s a step back in time, look.”


The control room as John correctly guessed was at the end of the corridor and was  ancient, a multi control panel desk stretched along one wall with a line of monitor screens above them on the wall above. All had old type telephone hand sets by their sides and a tall cabinet stood against the opposite wall, obviously the computer, there were a few L E D’s flashing on a panel.  “Grief “ John exclaimed, “It looks as if it’s still live.”
William walked over and picked up a telephone and held it to his ear, “The phone’s live anyway,” John walked to the far end of the panels, he had seen that one screen was still lit.
“Hey look at this” he called, William joined him, “CCTV,” he grasped the camera control stick and moved it, the picture scrolled on the screen, “It’s our workshop, would you believe it?. I never realised there was a second camer.”
William nodded, “Yes but come on we mustn’t take too much time in here,” a further quick look around and then they returned to the corridor and examined the other four rooms.
The rooms contained a kitchen and living quarters in one, a small dormitory in the adjoining one, opposite was a power supply and air condition unit in the third, and in the fourth a storeroom the latter taking up most of William’s time.


They joined up in the corridor, “Well?” asked John. William shook his head, “Too claustrophobic to house our visitors for any length of time and no ready made escape route, but one very useful thing, I’ve found some survival suits, old style but they look perfectly OK.”
John nodded, “I agree, I wouldn’t want to live down here for very long, but the control room may come in useful if the CCTV system covers more areas.” William dived back into the storeroom, “Here” he said, and thrust two suits into John’s hands. “If we both take two suits with us we will be able to move our friends tomorrow, at the moment, I’m getting the team to move what supplies we can spare up to the entrance to the roof,”
“No make that three suits each” said John, “Otherwise you can only have one helper along.”


Safely back in the workshop they sat in the mess room and made a drink, “You know”, started William, “We never heard anymore about your trial,” John shook his head, “No, it worried me so I asked my Rose if she could find out at the library, you know newscasts, events, lists of people, especially Citizens, court cases, etc, she came up almost a complete blank”.
“But there was one reference to the death of a citizen and the elevation of his son to replace him, the name is Chambers, the son had a party to celebrate his twenty first birthday, but no mention of him being murdered or any final service.” “That’s most odd” said William, “It seems that someone somewhere is definitely pulling some strings, oh yes and I think it’s about time you met the whole team.”


Monday Day Sixty four


William called for John and led him up to level three, “No one ever uses this level” he explained, “it was used mostly for warehousing there are no public areas or living accommodation.” “There was a plan to clear some space and make some sort of sport and community centre and but apparently the demand wasn’t there, in fact the existing centres objected strongly.”
Stepping through the stairs entrance he turned left and trotted down the road, although daylight outside the fibre optics here were spaced well apart but they had no trouble in negotiating their way, but John could only get an impression of cavernous empty buildings.
Turning apparently at random into one building William carefully shielding his lamp and led the way across the empty warehouse space and arrived at a small door in a blank wall. “Very anonymous,” muttered John.


William tapped a few times and the door opened, he shone his lamp in the door entrance taking care not to let any stray light escape. “Right, in here,” they both stepped through the doorway which was swiftly closed behind them and bright lights flooded on.
John found himself in a small room barely furnished with a table and two chairs and a fair haired young man standing there, “Meet Jack,” John extended his hand, “Hi Jack,” Jack smiled and gestured to a second door, “Hi, I’m the engineer and the outer guard today, this is only the guard room, let’s go through.”
The second room was much larger and quite well furnished with good quality furniture but ill matched, Phillip and Rose were sat on a couch with Joan in an easy chair.


William stepped forward, “Meet Eric,” a tall and thin man nodded to John, “He was a teacher and used to teach maths”. “This is Cyril” a dark hair man stepped forward, “He’ our electrician, and Josie,” a shapely red haired young woman smiled at him. “Josie was our only computer expert until Phillip joined us,” “Under used” smiled Josie,” our other member is Mary but she is acting as the street guard at present.”
“Is this all of you?” John asked in an astonished voice. William nodded,  “That’s all we are on the dark side but there are many others who support us.” He went on to explain that without these others they could not sustain themselves, “Not enough to pinch I’m afraid, take too much and it would be noticed.”


“How many are the others?” “We never take names it’s too risky so it can be difficult to calculate, but we have slowly organised all the sympathisers in the populated levels into small groups.” “But we only have contact with that group’s spokesperson and none of them know any other group’s contacts.”
There are four or five groups on most levels and we have five levels at present, so I would guess it’s a couple of thousand people, and that’s only the active ones who support us with gifts of food and so on. “There are more who would join if they dare, I have to say that generally we are welcomed, without us hiding on the dark side and trying to organise things there would be no chance of any resistance.”


“Now greetings are over” said William, “We must get things organised, the stores we have for you three” he nodded at the seated fugitives, “are already up at roof level on the staircase landing, we have eight suits so that means we can go ahead and do the trip in one go”.
“Three suits obviously for our guests and three for Jack Eric and Cryril, all volunteers I might add, they are to help carry the stores. “You”, he nodded to John “Plus myself Josie and Mary will be acting as roaming scouts to make sure there are no other people in the areas we pass through.”


He looked around the gathering, “Has anyone any objections or any better ideas, I’m open to any?”
Heads shook all round, William turned to John,  “downstairs for you, watch your incoming railway for visitors and the staff staircase up to level G, if you have to get a warning to us I can only suggest you make a loud noise.”
“How about a hand operated klaxon ?” William grinned, “That should do it.”
“I’ll be on the balcony that has the access to the roof on level eleven, the others know what to do, Mary level eight and Josie on level eleven, it’s no good trying to cover the ones lower down.”
He looked around, “All set?” Multiple nods were enough, William herded then out into the empty warehouse, “No lights, we can see the doorway, John I’ll catch up with you later.”
John made his way back to the staff staircase and slowly descended, stopping at the hole in the wall he listened carefully, nothing stirred, he climber through looking at his watch, it was late afternoon.


Day Sixty five Tuesday


He rose early, breakfasting upstairs in the accommodation kitchen, reporting in at the computer and then had a quick tour round, nothing seemed to have been disturbed, as 9 am approached he walked over to the platform to await the train.
The arrival bell rang and shortly afterwards a railcar hummed into view, Rose alighted. Waiting until the car had resumed it’s journey he greeted her warmly.
“It seems an age since I saw you,” Rose smiled “Me too, are you alright?” “Of course, why do you ask?” “Haven’t you seen the news? “I’m a prisoner remember, it’s not one of my privileges.”
“Two prisoners have escaped from the farm, there’s quite a hue and cry, everywhere is being searched, I thought that somehow you may have a hand in it.”
John smiled, “Now you know I couldn’t tell you if I had,” she looked at him long and hard, “You have, I can tell, you have, a man and a woman escaped, she said accusingly.” “Yes Phillip and a Rose like you, I was hoping you could meet her. 
Rose almost fainted, “Were those two the Phillip and Rose you met when you were at the farm? John nodded, “What on earth are you getting yourself into, no don’t tell me,” John laughed, “No don’t worry they are well away from here now, let’s go to the living quarters, I have left a bit of a mess yesterday and we can talk more.”


While Rose worked John slowly told her most of the previous day’s experience, the journey to and from the farm but leaving out most names and of course where they secreted the escapees.
“As I was coming here this morning there was a news flash that they had arrested a person for assisting the escape but there was no other information.” John heard a slight noise and looked down towards the workshop, he went out onto the balcony and called quietly, “William ?”
He heard a slight noise from below and he saw William climbing the stairs to the outside balcony, he hurried through the control room and met him out there.
“I’ve caught up with you at last, we had quite a time after you left yesterday, and before I forget I have brought back the workshop’s two survival suits.” “They must know you have some here and if they were missing how will you explain that?” he started but John cut him off.
“They’ve arrested someone for aiding the escape,” William nodded, “Yes I know, it’s Allisa the farm’s section leader she is one of us.”


John looked surprised, “That was quick”, “Yes it was and terribly and bad luck all round,. it seems a security guard on his night round was routinely checking and found the staff door unlocked, he raised the alarm probably even before you all got on the refuse train.”
“How did they get onto Allisa?” John asked.  “She went back to re lock the door but it was after the guard had found it unlocked.” “When he came back and found it locked again he knew it was an inside job”. John shook his head, “It’s nearly always the simple mistake, those people in the tunnel must have been guards after all, they would have had plenty of time to search so far down the line to where we were with the alarm raised over an hour earlier.”
William nodded but continued obviously in a hurry. “I’ve brought Phillip with me, I thought you may like a chat.” Rose came out onto the balcony, “Time?” John asked, she nodded glumly. “Come and meet Phillip,” he led the way down to the complex floor, Phillip had been standing behind a pillar.  “Rose meet Phillip, Phillip, Rose.”


The two men waited until John had seen Rose onto the train, then they walked to the mess room and sat around a table.  John spoke first, “I think we must let Phillip speak and tell us what he can or is prepared to do that may help us.” William nodded agreement.
Phillip smiled, “Almost anything I suppose, William has mentioned getting inside the council chamber and into the main computer, and yes that is possible, I knew a chap who had done it.” “Did he tell you how?” asked William. “ Unfortunately no, he was very secretive and a bit eccentric although I always though this was an act he put on, but left some clues I suppose so no one else is going to get in without a struggle.”

He pulled out a piece of tattered paper and handed it over, it read

He travel in sail and not in steam
So heed blind Pugh’s message and the captain’s chirpy scream.

“Well that was short and sweet” said William. John thought for a second, “Phillip have you put in a search in the computer to see if there is a reference to this in anything?” Phillip shook his head, “Since I received this I have been in almost constant detention for the past year.”
“OK then we’ll check it but can we ask the computer without sending out warning signals?”  Phillip gave a faint smile and said quietly “Yes if the person using it is not wanted in anyway by the Proctors because their use won’t be monitored,” “I’ll ask Rose to do it.” said John.


Phillip looked between the two of them, “So” he said, “What’s our next move? John grinned at him, “Not so quick if you don’t mind, we can’t just stroll down there and start poking around, we have to find this entry point, with an eight sided machine that’s odds of eight to one to begin with”.
“No I think a trip to the old control room is needed first, if their CCTV cameras are still working in the council chamber we can probably use them to have a look round first and look for clues.”


“And that’s where I come in” announced Phillip, “ I doubt either of you would know how to patch the old command system into the present system even one if just one of their cameras is still there. Anyway the chances are that most are defunct or missing, and from what I have seen it could be just an odd camera accidentally left in place that is working.” “But with the bunker’s technology even one hundred years old I think I could use it to get into the city computer and their later CCTV system.”
William looked at Phillip, “Do you feel up to a walk in the tunnel again?”   “Sure, it’s not that far, how about after mid day break?   William looked at John raising his eyebrows, “Don’t look at me” John said, “I’m afraid I have to do a little work or they will smell a rat, we don’t want to lose this facility.”


“OK it’s this afternoon then” said William. They all rose to their feet, John headed down towards the sidings with the other two walking so far before turning off towards the panel storage cage and the staff staircase.
Now on his own John selected two cars they had previously refitted lamps into and sent them on their way, “Only two left in hand now” he thought, perhaps he would have one more day spare before he would really have to turn out some thing new from the workshop. He was about to return there when the arrival bell sounded and a railcar entered the complex, he watched as this time it turned left going around the outside edge of the platforms, obviously it was going to park, as it passed he saw it had the delivery signal arm sticking out 
Waiting until it had stopped he crossed over several sidings walkways, and reaching the car he switched it to maintenance, entered and looked in the delivery cupboard, there was another large refrigerated box inside.


The trip to the old command bunker was uneventful, and swiftly moving around the control room Phillip gave William a running commentary on how he saw things. He quickly established that the existing camera was not the only one still connected,  “I can’t tell just how many are still connected at the moment or where they are located, but I think that I can get this computer running sufficiently to find out.”
“And I think that the computer may still be hard wired into the city computer system even though it was partially de commissioned.” “It will take about two days to sort out the command computer but I shall have to get into the city computer to see if the wiring to it still exists and that may take much longer.”
William had kept quiet being content on letting Phillip have free rein, finally he spoke. “Phillip it may be easier to trace what wiring we can from this end first.” Phillip stopped his searching, “Of course, how silly of me, that makes a lot of sense, if the wires don’t lead out from here there’s not much sense in looking elsewhere”.
“Oh yes the desk phones desk phones are live but only their own switchboard , but there is a possibility we could use them later in some way,” they returned safely to the workshop without incident feeling well satisfied with the day’s efforts.


Day Sixty six Wednesday


Rose arrived at 9 am, eager to impart her news, “They arrested Alisa from the farm, did you know her?” John nodded “I only met her once she seemed a very nice person.” Rose nodded, “The newscast said she did it on humane grounds because the man was so sick and she thought that he was dying, she rather blew the whistle on how they get treated and seems to have aroused some sympathy.”
“I don’t think it will do her much good.” They chatted amiably for a while exchanging information on how they spent their individual spare time. Rose had joined a sports complex and a bridge club while John explained that at present he can only watch videos or call up books from the library, the hour soon passed. William turned up soon after she had left to bring John up to date with their latest trip to the Command bunker.

“Things look promising what’s your next stage?” asked John  “There’s not much anyone can do except Phillip” answered William, “I am going to take him back tomorrow and Friday, he didn’t realise that it is only safe for us to work in daylight hours while we have the fibre optics, using lights after dark would not be wise after we have got so far, and travelling over the roof has to be in daylight also to minimise the chance of onlookers.”
John agreed, “Incidentally” he said, “another delivery of food arrived yesterday, I’ll get the box moved to the workshop sometime today then you can collect it, and could you bring me an empty box to send back next trip.”


Changing the subject he said “Our next major problem is to find if there is an escape route out of the bunker in case we get trapped in there, and also we should perhaps get Phillip to do something so it looks as though the system is inoperative in case the place gets search, I can’t see this being overlooked, and only then how to get in and out of the main computer without being seen and to sort out the clue Phillip has been given.”
“That’s a tall order,” said William,  “but yes you are quite right that must be the order of priorities, but I think no more visits to the bunker for the time being, both Phillip and myself are getting a bit edgy, that’s when mistakes get made.”  “ That brings me onto some thing else, Phillip needs some software in order to crack the main computer passwords if he is gets a chance, he would like a disk titled Rapier Two, obviously he has nothing himself so we are circulating all our members on the light side very surreptitiously to see if we can find one, I don’t suppose?” his voice trailed away as John shook his head.

John went back to work on the faulty motor, “Should have it finished tomorrow” he thought.
After the mid day break he moved the food, but did not reset the other railcar in the bay, he decided that could wait until Friday or Saturday, before finishing for the day William arrived and collected the food.


Day Sixty seven. Thursday


Rose turned up as usual and John quickly explained about the odd clue Phillip had been given and asked it she could do a bit of searching at the computer, “Not a problem” she said as she read the words, “This rings a very faint bell.” “In what way,” asked John, “Oh I don’t know really, it’s just something at the back of my mind, leave it with me.”

He wasn’t disturbed at all the remainder of the day and managed to finish his motor, fit it in the bogey, move the bogey back under the railcar body and lower it into position. He left the bolts unfitted so it was still ‘work in progress if he was asked.


Day Sixty eight Friday


Rose arrived as usual with some news, “You have stirred up an ants nest” she started, “Oh?” asked John. “On the newscast this morning they are warning us of snap inspections in all workplaces, check points in the street and teams are making a through search of all the city including the dark side on all levels,” “Just as I suspected” said John.


With two railcars also still in the sidings in a serviceable state he was tempted to send them off and have the day free but changed his mind, he went back to the repair bay and finished repairing the drive motor but before finishing the job of fitting it into it’s railcar he turned to the first car that he had put into bay number one with the wiring he had purposely damaged.
It wasn’t a long job to put that right, and now fully functioning he simply switched it to the standby mode which allowed it to set off and find it’s own way back into the system.


After his mid day break he turned his attention to the railcar in bay number two, it still contained a box of food which he now removed and dragged it into the stores secreting it in the cupboard he had used previously. Then he returned and finished fitting the bolts, then just before his working shift came to an end he also sent that car on it’s way back into the system. “Now let’s see what happens”, he thought, “Will they send both back again with food?”


Day Sixty nine Saturday


John spent the morning indenting for various spares to replenish what he had used from the workshop stores and adding a few item he knew were going to be needed having now made a detailed list for repairing the next batch of railcars.

At mid day, William called round, ever careful he hovered in the gloom of the sidings until certain John was alone. “We are going back to the command bunker after our meal, will you come?”
The three men followed the now familiar routine, wearing dark blue overalls they crept stealthily over the tracks, the camera never moved this time. “Looks a bit of a hit and miss system they have” muttered Phillip. They quickly dropping into the pit and down the short low passage to the lower tracks and after carefully checking there was no sound of movement they set off at their quick jogging pace.


Phillip showed John round proudly, “ I’m very pleased with the way this has gone,” “Are you finished?” Phillip nodded, “Almost, if I have got this worked out right once we have got into the central computer and made some adjustments we should be able to do what we want from here.”
He pointed to a screen, it showed the main council chamber with the central computer mid screen, “I’ve found that there are still four cameras connected in the chamber itself, and if we get into the council chamber computer it should be possible to link all their cameras to this system, we will be able to see everywhere.”
John grinned like a schoolboy, “That’s great, tell me where is all the power coming from and why isn’t it noticed?”  William turned from viewing the council chamber,” It’s a negligible amount, Phillip thinks it won’t be noticed because this drain of power has been going on for years this computer has never been switched off, mind you if we do too much it could be spotted.”


John leaned forward over the panel, “Can I have a try?”  Phillip nodded , “Of course, you know how to control the little stick and at the side there are five buttons, scroll through the cameras by just pressing those to change cameras.”
The council chamber was designed originally to accommodate the all original occupants of the city but as time progressed this was no longer practicable, John moved the stick to pan across the chamber.
One side of the chamber was an auditorium with rows of seats for spectators facing the console this enabling the general public to watch council events and the occasional trial of miscreants.


He swung the camera round, standing in the centre of the chamber stood the enormous eight sided computer which filled the screen filled the screen he pulled the camera zoom back and he could see people as was their right, sitting at the many monitors and panels using the facilities.
Three of the side panels contained double rows of monitors for this purpose, he changed cameras to view further around the monster machine. The next panel held several large monitor screens, the next was the single computer point, he recognised this immediately, this was where he stood to be tried while behind him were the rows and rows of seats of the auditorium.
The next panel had one full sized door with security button operated panels for gaining entry. The next panel had three consol type monitor points with a large notice saying Strictly Staff only with smaller type underneath listing the penalties for infringement, and the last panel was blank.

Swinging the camera back he zoomed in to the rows of public monitors. It was possible to even see what the screens were showing. Phillip leaned over him, “Try you own workshop you can see every way in and out of the complex, well the legal ones anyway 
William interrupted them, “Phillip is there anything special you want to do while we are here?” “Yes there is, behind the computer cabinet I want to get the inspection hatch in the roof open to see where the wiring goes but I need a hand.”


John volunteered and they soon had a hatch open with Phillip standing on John’s shoulders and supported by William. Phillip shone his lamp around out of sight of the other two, “Hmm that’s interesting” he said, “What is?” called William. “”he cables go straight into the main services conduit they certainly didn’t consider the need to protect them by using a separate circuit” remarked Phillip.
“Is that it?” gasped John. Phillip slipped down from John’s shoulders, “Yes all done, there’s nothing more I can do from in here, perhaps outside if we can find the location or until was can get into the other computer.”
Taking care to leave everything as undisturbed as possible they made their way into the corridor, a quick peep into the control room to check nothing incriminating had been left there and then they made their way back to the small outer office. “Lights out,” William paused and listened, “No sounds.” You could hear the panel being slowly edged open, another pause, “Seems OK, out you come,” they all squeezed out slowly.


Back in the mess room William sat down, “ A quick brew I think and an even quicker council of war?”
John started to make some tea, while Phillip started to speak very quietly. “ It’s gone so smoothly, too smoothly in fact, surely someone is aware of what we are doing, I feel very uneasy.”
William agreed, “ Yes I feel the same way, it’s not like the powers that be not to be searching every nook and cranny for us.” John looked up from his tea making, “I forgot Rose told me about the searches yesterday but I haven’t had a chance to pass this on,” he went on to describe the announcement of the searches.
William nodded “ I knew I had a feeling all was going too well, and Phillip too, that settles it for now no more excursions by anyone anywhere unless essential, do you both agree?”


Phillip took a sip of tea and then “Where are we going to hide that is safe?  William shook his head,  “Nowhere, we’ve had these searches before, possibly not as intense but we will manage, they can’t keep on searching, by all accounts with the check points intended to set up they are stretching their manpower to the limit”.
“No we shall organise our own check points which will give us a warning and time to move around, there are plenty of places we can move to even if only temporary”.
“The essential thing is that all of us,” he looked at John, “with one exception, will have to carry all their own essential belongings with them at all times, leaving nothing behind.” “We will have to watch how they try to organise their search on the first level they start with, and then hopefully predict how they search the remainder, there’s only one problem, last time they did random searches they travelled by railcar and when running through the dark side would stop at any disused station and make a search in that area.”
“John said, “That’s a bit hit and miss,” William nodded, “I don’t think they will do that this time, they will have to be more thorough, now let’s try and make some sort of plan because I don’t think they will be long in starting.”


The plan for want of a better name was basic, with the exception of John they would take up positions near to the staff entrances on the staircase. Now he had nine people in total to use William decided on using his team of six to watch at the entrances, and use John at level two, Phillip at level three with John’s Rose and Joan acting as runners.  
The six levels William chose to watch were eleven, eight, six, five , four, and G,  the runners to double up on eight and G. in the case of a search on a nearby level the runner could be despatched in either direction to warn the others.
After all three had studied William’s plan John spoke, “Do you think they will use the railcars?,” William nodded, “Yes I’m sure, it’s the only way to get their guards into position quickly.”  “Well” said John, “They may be playing into our hands, just wait here for a few minutes.”
John left the workshop and took the nearest flight of open stairs to the walkways above and was soon in the control room.
Within minutes he had returned, “ That was a stroke of luck, you can’t just slot a car into the system without programming beforehand, and from what I have seen they have chosen tomorrow to start, there is a car put into the system at eight am on every level returning at four pm obviously to collect them.” “Every level?” asked Phillip. “Yes, every level”.


William turned and smiled at his colleagues, “They have split their forces to cover the most area possible, but they can’t have a car full in every case, sixty seats in a car, that’s six hundred and sixty guards, no it’s not possible it would take most of their force.”
“Is this planned re schedule a one off John.” “No Monday is also scheduled, but it is going to cause a bit of early morning havoc on a workday, I didn’t check further.”
William paused deep in thought, “ What a chance”, “What do you mean?”  “ They may have left the door open another way” “ How?” John and Phillip spoke together, “With no guards around and it’s not a busy day in the council chamber for sightseers on a Monday we could have a look at the computer and see if there are any obvious clues as how to get in.”
Phillip whistled, “That’s a bit cheeky”.   William was now in full flow, “Disguised as workmen carrying some sort of screen and some painting tools no one would pay any attention I’m sure, we have tomorrow to work it out in detail.”


Day Seventy Sunday


The guard’s searches commenced and with William’s spotters in place it was easy to see what the guards were doing.
Alighting at the station of one of the most central squares in the dark side they slowly walked in pairs along the avenues that radiated from that square. With powerful torches they penetrated the immediate rooms and empty spaces and lit the side roads as they passed the end of each one.
If there was more than one disused square they then stared the same procedure again using the second square as their starting point.
A few known areas where they knew people used were searched by sending a few guards to inspect in greater detail, but this took time, but mid afternoon saw them returning to their pick up points to resume searching the next day.


“A bit pointless,” as John remarked later when they all gathered for a quick update just outside the mess room. “If you want to catch something you have to surround the area not do a sweep which warns your quarry when you are coming.”
William spoke up quickly, “I have been a busy, I have arranged that a certain firm on level three will leave some of their equipment lying carelessly around.” “What kind of equipment?” asked Joan, “Painting equipment” smiled William. “A portable screen which you can take wherever we wish with no questions asked, well at least not to start with, we can look for clues.”
“Dressed as workmen with several of us moving around who’s going to take any notice. It gives us a chance for a close examination of the computer, we would have to play it by ear because we wouldn’t know what to expect until we got there but it’s worth chancing it if we can find the answer to the clue.”


“Do you mean the clue of Phillip’s?” Rose asked, “Yes” said William, “I did classics in my last year at college and it did ring a bell with me,” replied Joan.
No one spoke waiting expectantly, she smiled looking a little smug, “Stevenson, Robert Louis, not steam that’s a reference to George the inventor.” “But sail, you know pirates and the Spanish Main, and the captain’s screech, there was a parrot called Captain Flint that always called pieces of eight pieces of eight, but I have no idea what Blind Pugh’s message was.”


William took charge, “Well everyone we’ve spent too much time here already, I suggest a dummy run tomorrow, John can you help?” John nodded, yes I’ve a couple of cars I can send in later to cover my time.”
“Right I think it must be the men only on this trip, we’ll assemble at nine am just inside the hole in the wall, Joan you stake out here and try and get a warning to John if anyone comes into the workshop except John’s Wife, our two girls will keep near the staircase entrances on level G and level three to liase where possible.”


Day Seventy one  Monday


Rose arrived at nine and John had just time to explain what they were doing, he was hurrying away when Rose called him, “I found out what your clue was,” he turned back, “Quickly my dear I’m expected somewhere else right now.” “Well it could be important it’s from the book Robert Louis Stevenson’s Treasure Island.” “Blind Pugh was one of the pirates, he used to deliver their warning called the Black spot and there was a Captain Flint it was a parrot”, John grinned, “I know, pieces of eight , pieces of eight he tried to sound think a parrot.” “You knew “Rose said accusingly, “Not really Joan came up with some of it but not all, got to go,” he slipped quickly away.


By ten they had reached the paint store on level three, there waiting were some white overalls, a long box of self assembly poles and some screening, a few brushes and two tins of cleaning fluid.
William decide to split his forces, himself and his three original men would erect the screen while Phillip and John went around brushing dust off the ventilation screens situated all round the computer’s external cladding, this way a lot could be seen in a relatively short time.
Now attired in worker’s white overalls they walked purposefully up to level G using the proper public staircase, no one gave them a second’s glance. Making their way to the council chamber they entered and glanced round. There was only one guard on duty, he looked their way as they appeared but his gaze moved on without any hesitation, there were just a handful of few people sat at the public monitors.


Marching purposefully across the concourse, Eric, Jack and Cyril made a great show of unpacking and erecting the long large screen in front of the staff console.  With William acting as foreman and giving out orders, John and Phillip armed with dust brushes on long telescopic poles went around the ventilators removing years of collected dust, with pointed looks and head jerking William got the message over to them to avoid the public sector.
The guard came strolling over, “Why the screens?”   William took on a different personality, “Regulations mate” he wheezed,  “Oh” the guard said indifferently, “Yus mate health and safety, you don’t want to breath this lot in do you?” he held out a dust mask. “If you’re planning to stay here?” the guard backed away, “No no it’s OK  I’ll stay the other side till you’ve finished,” he backed off quickly.
They watched as he took up the usual attitude of a bored watcher, with  hands behind his back he paced slowly around the outer edge of the chamber. “It’ll take him another twenty minutes to get back here” whispered William, “ Give me a nod when you’ve seen enough Phillip”


A quick dust around the remaining panels and then Phillip and John slipped behind the screen and took a quick look at the staff only console. William thought the two minutes he allowed seemed like hours, “OK lads” he called, almost instantly the screens were dropped by the three screen erectors with Phillip and John making the gesture of holding part of the sheet from behind in case they were being watched.
Nodding to the guard on their way out they made their way up the public stairs to level three, returned the borrowed equipment as though it was a matter of course and casually broke up to make their way individually to the entrance to the off limits staff staircase, John looked at his watch it was eleven thirty, he found he was sweating.


Making his way down to the workshop level he listening carefully before stepping through the hole, Joan had just climbed to the upper level of the panel store. She smiled, “Thank goodness you’re safe, did it go alright?”  John nodded, “ I think so, I didn’t see anything like a clue but I know Phillip had a good look but he never spoke.” “Where are the others?” “They are still busy, they are following the search teams to check where they have searched and that they are clear on all the levels before they join us, would you like to eat while you are waiting?”


Joan hung around for the remainder of the afternoon and made herself useful by fitting up a newly arrived railcar with replacement lights, and at about four thirty William arrived.
He was jubilant, “What a show, what an adventure, what a team,” John laughed, “Don’t get carried away, surprise was on our side, I doubt we could do that again.”
William sobered up, “I suppose you’re right, but one thing has struck me, we were safer on the light side than the dark today and we weren’t recognised by the guard”. “Mind you would you if you expected everyone to be chasing me on the dark side?” “And if we are lucky perhaps the guard will not log his encounter with us as not important enough and not report it ”
“Now perhaps we can get on, I’m going to check the bunker tonight just to see if they have been there.”
“Just be careful” John said. He walked down to the sidings and sent off the two railcars he had been holding back.


Day Seventy two Tuesday


Rose arrive as usual full of news, “The newscast this morning said that the searches over the past two days have been successful and that several people have been caught but they did not say who”. “They are going to continue random searches and the check points have now been set up at the junction of every avenue with most squares, that’s a lot of check points.” she said.
“Thirty or forty squares, three or four avenues per square, that’s a lot of manpower again” replied John. 
After Rose had left William turned up, I went down to the bunker, they had been there and have closed up the loose boarding, it’s so secure any attempt to force it open will be spotted by the damage we would do, so I looked at the other three stations, they’ve done it to all of them.”
“That was to be expected.” said John I did want to find another escape route from the inside now we will have to see if there is another way in from the outside and that’s not going to be easy”.” But if we do find a way it may answer Phillip’s question about where the cables run to, I have some plans of the levels in the workshop, it may be worth having a look at them.”


Day Seventy three Wednesday


William called an early meeting and suggested by John held it in a railcar in the workshop sidings. “Did anyone see anything that might be a clue, heads shook all round, all except Phillip, “Yes, I saw one panel that had a black spot in one corner, it was behind the staff console.”
William leaned forward “Yes?” “Well it could be the secret access but I could not see any point where you could open it,” “Stalemate” William snorted.
“Perhaps,” John waved some papers he was carrying, “I have the plans I mentioned, I suggest we let Phillip take them away and study them, I haven’t looked at them in detail but a couple look like wiring diagrams,” he handed them to Phillip.
Phillip leafed through them quickly, “Yes two are wiring plans, the others seem to be the layout of several levels, I’ll take a more detailed look and report back.”


At that point overhead they heard a door crash open and running footsteps and could just make out the feet of several guards running along the overhead walkway. “Get down stay in the car” John called.
Seated by the door he jumped to his feet and was outside the driver’s door in a second and swiftly turned the car key setting to standby. Some guards were now clattering down the stairs to the sidings level, the doors closed, the bell rang and the car moved out of the sidings heading for the complex exit, everyone inside keeping out of sight well below the windows of the car.


Two guards seized him while others spilled all around, “Who are you?” one called while the other demanded  “Your I D.” “My pocket” John said nodding to his breast pocket, the guard fished inside it and pulled out the card as the senior guard arrived. All the guards came to attention, even the two holding him.
“Who’s this?” the senior snapped at no one in particular, the guard holding the ID card handed it over, “We have a prisoner sir,” “I can see that you fool,” snapped his senior, he turned to John. “What were you doing just now, and why did that car move away?”
“My job” John answered, “My job is to repair cars and send them back into service”.   The senior guard grunted, “Bring him along” and headed back up the stairs, “the proctor can deal with him.”


The Proctor was standing on the balcony outside the control room, “What have we here?” The senior guard came to something like an upright pose, “We have a prisoner sir still in his prisoner coveralls, he was hovering round the railcars down below.”
The Proctor looked at John, I know you, you work here”, “Yes sir,” the Proctor took out his communicator and tapped into it checking John’s details and record. “Well you look as though you have been very busy I must admit, what were you doing when the guards caught you?” “And do you repair cars in the sidings?” “Yes sir if the repair does not warrant taking the car to the repair bay.” “It is almost the end of my shift sir and I was just sending back the last completed car.” “I see,” he tapped some more into his communicator, waited and received a reply, as two more guards climbed the stairs and joined them.


“Well? “We’ve searched cars and the workshop sir,” “Are you satisfied there is no one else here?” “Yes sir.” The Proctor paused, looked over the balcony rail to see the remaining guards standing in a group heads upraised waiting for instructions, he turned to the senior guard, “OK get them out.”
“Sir” the senior guard sprang to his idea of attention then leaned over the balcony and yelled in a very unprofessional way “Right you lot, up here on the double.”
He turned to John, “ I am not satisfied all is as it seems, I advise you to keep your nose clean, and I am going to be keeping a close eye on you from now on, I just don’t buy this goody goody appearance,” he followed the guards through the control room and along the corridor to the lift.


CHAPTER SIX


In which John takes a break and meets a suspicious lady, another trip to the command bunker, another workshop search and another search for a new way into the bunker.


Day Seventy four Thursday


Rose arrived as usual and John filled her in on the previous day’s events, all too soon she had to leave, the remainder of the day he worked on various cars and moved two into the empty repair bays, there were no other callers.
The following Friday and Saturday were equally quiet, even Rose’s last call of the week did not bring any news of his friends.
He worked as normal the first shift on Saturday and near to the mid day break he heard the workshop computer buzzing notifying him of an incoming call, very unusual he thought no one usually contacts him.
He clicked the message receive button, “This is admin”, the caller did not identify themselves, “Are you aware that you have an R & R break due and you have not acknowledged the booking?” He admitted he had forgotten, “Most unusual, no one misses these” said the caller, “Well you have to go, a railcar will pick you up at 1 pm, be on it.”


Day Seventy six Saturday afternoon

Exactly on time the railcar pulled into the platform, there were several coverall clad people staring out at him with obvious curiosity as he boarded, the guard pointed him to a seat and the car moved off.
The journey was quite short, advance programming avoided running around the lower levels, and arriving on level six the car ignoring all the stops en route on this level until pulled into a station with no name or number on the walls, several admin workers and guards were waiting to escort them into the centre.
A severe looking woman sat at a desk in the foyer, she beckoned him over, “The rest of you please follow. “Name?” she shot at him,” Er Beresford.” Several of his fellow travellers peered at him and a few whispered to one another. 
The severe looking woman raised her voice,“Ah yes everyone, you may use the restaurant and cafeteria over there, you may talk to other people but no groups of more than three.” She leaned sideways around John, “I hope you all heard that?” She looked down her list, “Beresford, Beresford, ah yes there” his name was ticked, “Next.”


John wandered into a rather sparse looking rest room cum cafeteria, a young woman stood behind the bar waiting expectantly. “Tea, coffee, fruit juice?” she asked, John shook his head, “Not just now thanks,” the drinks would be all artificial substitutes of prisoner quality, he chose a chair that looked the most comfortable furthest from the bar.
Very soon the rest of his fellow travellers came in, several already chatting among themselves, all wore the letter P on the back of their coveralls, he guessed they were about a quarter of the group being female.
One young man sidled into a chair opposite him, “Hey man” he started, “Oh dear, what have I got here” thought John. “ How’s one get such special treatment of getting a railcar to divert just to pick him up?” “We all had to gather in admin.” John thought to himself, “This could get very involved,” he could see several people although not sitting at the same table who were very intent on what he was going to say, “I’m a murderer” he said shortly.


“Now pay attention everyone,” a rather stout and short female admin worker had breezed into the bar and saved any further discussions taking place. “I just want to tell you what we have to offer, my name is Jane, anything, any problem just see me OK?
You are free to pick and chose all our amenities,” she started pointing around the room, “Through that door the library and computer room, next door the sun room, I would advise you all to have a session here, not too long if you haven’t used one for some time”. “Along the corridor the skate board and cycle park, keep going that way and you come to the music room, there is an instructor if you have a few questions on the subject and you will have to wear headphones when you are playing most instruments.


“Over the other side of reception is the walking area and a quiet room and also the sick bay,  we also have group instructions on quite a few subject but we can only offer one two hour class for the most popular choice of the day and once chosen it would be the same the following day”. “The group instructions start at three and we have a gym for the athletes amongst you just near the sick bay.”
“Meals are taken in here, mid day twelve to one thirty, evening six to seven thirty closing earlier if all have eaten earlier, and a small supper at ten thirty. Breakfast tomorrow at eight until nine, if you haven’t eaten mid day today go up to the bar now and we will sort something out.”
Your return will be early Monday morning, breakfast at six thirty until seven, and the railcar leaves at seven fifteen, I hope you will enjoy your stay with us.”


A few people immediately formed a small queue in front of her to ask questions, the youth looked as though he was going to start talking again but John forestalled this by getting to his feet rather abruptly and walking towards the reception area. Not sure where he wanted to go he found himself at the door to the quiet room.
He opened the door slowly and peeped in, a solitary female figure with her back to the door turned tears streaming down her face, John stopped,” Oh sorry I’ll.” he stopped talking and slowly backed out of the doorway. “No don’t go on my behalf “she said. “Well I don’t want to intrude,” “No forgive me for embarrassing you, I shouldn’t be crying.” Another man came in nodding to both of them and then calling to someone outside, “Here I’ve found it come in here it’s nice and quiet.”
John stepped further into the room to lean and to whisper in the woman’s ear, “It’s not that quiet now, would you like to go for a walk?” She nodded and stood up, “The walking area is nearby, we could talk there in privacy,” she said.


The walking area was a series of twenty long, wide rooms set in a rough circle, the normal drabness of the walls relieved by being decorated with different murals and there were occasional seats along the walk.
John introduced himself first and gave a brief encounter of his reason for being there and about Rose his wife, “I’m Alice Pritchard” she said, “There’s not much to tell, during all the recent troubles with the guards searching all over the place and check points I just happened to remark on how it seemed to be a police state and a Proctor overheard me talking”.” In the absence of a guard he decided to arrest me himself and in doing so made improper advances, so I slapped his face, so I was arrested for assaulting a Proctor.”
“But why here? Asked John This R & R is normally for longer term prisoners.” “On my arraignment I assaulted the chairman and the panel so I got thirty days, I disliked the system before, now I absolutely hate it.”


What’s your job?” asked John.  “Well it was Admin council records grade four but I may not have it when I get back. ” John smiled, “I doubt it there aren’t that many people with that grade in admin, and certainly not in a records section” “No?” she said, “Not many” he replied.
“You never said, are you married?” “Partner” she said, “a bit like you we have a rather loose arrangement but we’ve been together about fifteen years.”
“But here among all these” she paused and shuddered, “people.” John couldn’t help laughing, “I know but don’t forget as far as they are concerned we are all prisoners with the same rights, which are nil.”
“Did you get sent out on cleaning drains etc?” he asked. “No I suppose I was lucky, perhaps being a female and thirty plus had something to do with it, I was sent to the farm, I knew those two that escaped” she added.


John decided to say no more on the subject but this information may come in handy, his mind was working overtime on possibilities.
“If you wish, and please don’t be afraid of refusing, but we could stick together for the rest of the time, at least you won’t have to mix with some of the less desirable characters,” Alice readily agreed.
The afternoon passed quickly, a bike ride and some exercise in the gym until the evening meal, afterwards they watched a video in the bar, they did not discuss their circumstances as there were too many ears listening.


Next day passed quickly, another bike ride, twenty minutes in the daylight room and a quick peep in the arts class. After the mid day meal they took a stroll in the walkway again, this time to discuss a possible liaison sometime in the future.
“From what you have told me we seem to agree on our dislike of the present system of city government” started John, “You could be in a position to help me and others if you were agreeable.”


He held up his hand, “Don’t answer now, give yourself time to think, I am not telling you anything else about me so you cannot divulge anything under pressure, and I don’t want an answer from you while we are here in R & R”.
“In a few weeks time when you are discharged and back in your home you will receive a very innocent message from someone you do not know trying to sell you something but you will know it’s from me because it will include the word farm in it.”
“If you are still in the same mind to help then send back a very innocent message politely refusing the offer, if you don’t want to go any further don’t answer at all.”
“I will make contact with you through a third party, it’s all cloak and dagger stuff I know but we have to go to great lengths to stay undetected.” Alice nodded, “I understand,” she said.  John went on  “Let’s watch a video again tonight, and make our farewells now, tomorrow make no signs of anything but a casual friendship when we get on the train just politeness.”


The stadium was deserted as usual with the wind particularly strong that day making the loose panels rattle loudly. Man number nodded a greeting, “Quite a lot has happened,” “That’s putting it mildly, I heard they had got into an old command bunker and had a stroll round the council chamber dressed as workmen.” Number one nodded, yes and the powers that be don’t know about the that last episode yet, what’s worrying me is what accidental damage our friends may do in the command bunker,” number two smiled, “The Proctors thought someone had tried to open one of the boards covering the entrances so they have strengthened the boarding considerably, shall we leave things as they are for now another three weeks?”


Day Seventy eight Monday


Rose arrived at 9am and John quickly told her about his surprise R & R. “I have a feeling I know that Alice” she said, “Did you know about her slapping a Proctor?” asked John. “Of course, that was it, yes she claimed sexual harassment it was on a newscast about a month ago, no witnesses although she did stir things up, she never stood a chance.”
“Do you know anything else about her? she works in admin council records.” Rose shook her head, “No but I’ll dig around for you.”


As Rose was swept away by the railcar William appeared, furtively looking around as he stood by a pillar at the nearest siding, “Are you OK, where have you been? We were worried. ”John explained about his enforced rest, “And what about you, what happened?” 
William grinned, “You trick with the railcar was unexpected but pure genius, did you know when you send a car back to the system it has a long journey and doesn’t stop until it reaches the terminal on level eight?” It was John’s turn to grin, “I knew, but I also knew that the last car in is the last car to be used from the pool so there would be plenty of time for you to get out of there.”
“You craft devil,” laughed William,  “Maybe, but if I had told you in advance somebody would have stopped to argue and we all may have been caught, by the way what happened to the three girls?”


William smiled, “ I sent had sent them back to the roof earlier, a good job too, with six of us I’m sure one or two would have been caught if we had all been together wherever we had met”.
“But we have to find a different place to meet the workshop is no longer safe, but if you are to be at these meetings it has to be near here.”
“I thought that one member would stand guard in the cage, they could see from there if anyone comes searching and would have time to call and warn you to return and you could pretend you had been looking for something.”


John frowned, “So where do we meet if I am needed?” “The next one up, level three by the stairs entrance, a called warning would be quicker than having to run up the stairs and we would have several escape routes, how’s it sound?”
“Better than nothing.” “Right first meeting tonight about seven, Mary will do the watching?” “We will have everyone there just this once in case someone has thought of anything new,” he disappeared swiftly.
William brought Mary into the workshop cage where John was waiting, “This is very good of you Mary”, she smiled, “ Don’t be too long, oh by the way, I’ve been thinking about the clue and forgot to mention it before.” William paused waiting, “It’s not a very good clue it’s too vague,” she went on, “what if it was a password instead?” “Great thought, we’ll discuss it” said William, the two men dived back through the hole and joined the others around the staff entrance on the next level.


“We’ll keep this short,” started William, “first we need more food for our visitors,” “No problem” said John, “there’s a box in the stores just waiting for you to collect.” William nodded, “Right, now we are moving our HQ further out in fact way out on level seven, about four miles from the staircase but too far for the guards to bother about, we’ve kept an eye on this for ages, it’s never been visited in years.”
John looked at him “That’s a hell of a long walk every time.” “John I haven’t told this before, but as you know of course that all wheeled transport except invalid transport was banned from all the streets because of the accidents that happened even with bicycles ?” “Of course that’s why we have skate board parks and cycle dromes” John replied.
“Well we have salvaged a few bikes during the time we’ve been on the dark side, enough to have a couple hidden on each of the levels we use most.”
John laughed, “Who’s the crafty devil now? William smiled “It is a great help, a bit tricky in very dark places but O K moving around in daylight hours as most places have enough fibre optics for us to navigate by, but it’s quick and almost silent, so the trip out to the edge of level seven won’t be that bad”.


“Now back to our problem of the main computer, Phillip thinks he has found a way into the command bunker from above in level two.” “At the moment there seems no way of cracking the council chamber computer without more positive information, but Mary made a suggestion what if the clue is not a clue to finding a place or sequence of actions, but perhaps it’s a password made up from the words revealed in the clue?
“My suggestion is that the men follow up the investigation into finding another bunker access, that incidentally is where the cycles will come in handy to get there. Meanwhile Phillip and the girls will concentrate on the clue and try and workout the possible permutations, if we are successful in finding a way in then we call in Phillip, now do we all agree?”
Nods greeted his question, “Right then I suggest the tomorrow morning myself, Jack, Eric and Cyril have a look at the possibilities of getting into the bunker from above,. Phillip has filled me in on his ideas now he has had time to look at the plans, meanwhile the girls and Phillip can have a go at the clue, so let’s break up now meeting closed we meet again tomorrow after midday break. John nip off quickly please and relieve Mary, tell her I will wait here for he.”


Day Seventy nine. Tuesday


At eight am the four men cycled along one of the side roads on level two having travelling about half a mile down the avenue from where to staff entrance was located, and estimating the distance to be about right to be above the bunker they stopped facing a row of boarded up units.
Starting with the most likely unit, the plan was to work outwards in both directions having a quick look in each for any signs of trapdoors, or panels in walls.
With a lookout stationed at each end of the road they set to work. By taking a window panel out rather than a door William hoped any disturbance would not be too noticeable, four units were entered and quickly searched before they came to the next which had much more robust boarding.


“This looks promising” William called, the other two joined him quickly. Jack shone his lamp on the window panel “Well screwed in and then distressed so you can’t open easily again.” “We’ll close and tidy the others up first and then tackle this one” William said.
Half an hour later they started on the fifth unit, the window proved easier that expected, by pure chance they had selected a badly fitted panel, there was a slight gap along one side. Eric put a jemmy in the gap behind one of the screws and levered, a slight sound of squeaking panel and a small pop as the screw head flew off. “William held up his hand, “Eric please nip back and ask Cyril if he will leave his post and get some screws about a dozen.”
“He’d better make them large headed but thin, take this screw head as a sample, we need some type of screw to replace the ones we break off that will stand a casual inspection.”
When Eric rejoined William two men slipped over the sill and entered the room, it was completely bare like those in the other units, but they knew these unit were all of standard construction and there were two further rooms at the back. Their lights revealed two doors equally spaced on the back wall.
William opened the door of the room on the left and swung his torch around, “Nothing here” he called.


Eric by now had opened the second door, “But there is in here” he called, and crossed the room to a small metal door about half a standard size door at floor level, finding it locked he jemmied it open and looked inside. “and in here.”
William joined him, the small door opened in to a tunnel a little higher and wider than the door, it stretched on either side as far as their lights could illuminate in both directions.
William breathed a sigh, “ I think this is what we have been looking for,” his lamp shone on several very thick cables attached to the wall and also running out of sight, “we will have to get Phillip”
They heard a slight sound and Cyril appeared with an assortment of screws in his pockets, “OK “ said William, “We’ve seen enough for the present, it’s time to try and close up outside and make it look as though nothing has been disturbed.”
With the job almost finished William stood in the middle of the road facing toward the position of his other lookout. “If I can attract Jack’s attention this will save me riding there to tell him we’ve finished.” He flashed his torch briefly, an answering flash was returned and a few minutes later Jack rode up. “Trouble?” he asked, “No, we’ve finished, now all single file and well spaced out, wait at the junction of this road to the avenue just to check the way is clear.”


At the mid day meeting they all congregated on the staircase at level three with Joan as lookout in the cage below. William related their morning’s expedition, “The next thing Phillip is for you to go there, this should be right up your street if you will pardon the expression”  “Did you get anywhere with the clue?” Phillip nodded, “Yes I think so,  you remember the clue is    “ He travel in sail and not in steam
So heed blind Pugh’s message and the captain’s chirpy scream?”


“The first bit was easy and anyway John’s wife Rose gave us that, the ‘he’ was Stevenson, not the inventor but the author and the book is Treasure Island. Blind Pugh is one of the characters, and the reference to the captain is John Silver’s parrot called Captain Flint who was always screaming ‘Pieces of Eight Pieces of Eight’, finally Blind Pugh’s warning were the words Black Spot written on a piece of paper and handed to the intended victim”
“We all agreed that the clue was a bit vague when it came to the location of an entry although a CCTV search of the external sides of the computer did locate a spot on one of the panels, but Mary suggested that it could well be a password so we decided to work on that and come up with some permutations to try if we ever get a chance to use them.”


“One word would be a long password to use, rlstevensonstreasureisland, but use part of it perhaps.” “We thought to use the entire word first but then try shorter words from it, then try the others, blindpugh, blackspot and so on.” “That would be lot’s of options, if that fails reverse the order”.” But if it is a password it is probably a bit shorter than all that, it’s finding what to leave out.”
“Well that makes sense I think” said William, “Now it’s finding the way in and that’s down to Phillip, when would you like to have a look Phillip ,and when and how many do you want with you?”


Phillip was studying the plans, “No time like the present, I don’t expect it will be that easy, from what you have described this looks like one of the original conduits that linked the command bunkers to the rest of the original complex as it was.”
He waved one of the plans at them, “This plan is a services plan, water, power drains etc. and in that row of buildings it does show some of these as dotted lines.”


“In the area you were searching there are also some things marked as double dotted lines, I think these are ventilation trunkings so the only way to find out is to crawl along the tunnel and see, so I suggest the same arrangement that you had this morning with me as an extra, and we start this afternoon as I think we may be searching for several days.”
William looked at the others, “OK by everyone ? Again nodded agreement all round, “Joan would you let John know what’s happening, perhaps keep him company?” Joan nodded, “and Mary and Josie I would like you on extra guard please, one at this staircase and at level two as an added precaution.”


Joan made her way down to the workshop cage listening carefully for signs of movement, just ahead she could hear noises someone working in the washing bay. Checking there was no other activity in the sidings or the workshop and repair bays she slowly made her way down to the tracks that entered the complex, it was just here the cars turn left to pass through the wash bay instead of going straight ahead to the sidings.
She found John struggling to get one of the rotating brushes into position, he stopped when he spotted her.
“I promised to get this working in four days, it looks as though this is how long it will take.” Joan gave her end of the brush a pull, “How’s that?” the brush slid onto it’s support rod. 
“If you would stay and help I would be grateful Joan, I know it’s taking a bit of a risk but I can tell you that in the last search and the other inspections no one looked in here.” Joan stared at him “Well there isn’t anywhere you could hide is there?”  John smiled.
“Just go and stand between those upright brushes” he pointed to the carriage side cleaning brushes, “You will find that you can push your way in and hide from sight, we used to do this as apprentices years ago.”


While they worked Joan told him what had been happening, “That’s great news, it does seem we are making some progress.” Just then they heard a sound from above “Quick get between the brushes.” Joan disappeared as John walked in the direction of the sound, the admin Proctor was walking down to stairs from the control room.
“That’s where you are, what are you doing?” “I was told to get this wash bay working again sir, the cars are getting very dirty,” “ I see, and how far have you got? “Just some more brushes I have to change before checking the Robot Interior Cleaner sir.”  “The brushes seem alright to me, do the brushes work if the robot is not needed?” “Yes sir,” “OK then, let’s see them working,” “But I need to change the other brushes” John said hopefully to buy some time.  “Nonsense there’s nothing wrong with them, switch this contraption on.”


John slowly walked over to the manual control box and pressed the start button, water sprayed from above and sides after a few seconds the brushes started to spin moving forward and apart at the same time.
Then overhead a horizontal brush started to rotate with water cascading all over the place, both sets of brushes started their slow pass of the bay and then returned to their start position the water stopped and the brushes stopped rotating.
“There you are you see, nothing wrong, you can report on that being back in service, on second thoughts I will do it now.” He pulled out his communicator and tapped a few keys, “Now you can fix the robot cleaner, how long?” John stood for a minute thinking, “That’s put paid to buying some time on the brushes” he thought. “About four days sir” he said, satisfied the Proctor turned on his heals stepping around the puddles and made his way back up the stairs.


Joan reappeared, “Where did you go?” “Oh it was easy I realised that he couldn’t see the stores from where he was standing so I stepped backwards  out of the brushes and went there”.


Day Eighty  Wednesday


By eight am the men were back to the tunnel, the disguised screws looked almost original.
Jack had stayed behind to do some more alterations to the boarding, he arranged it so that the screw heads would show on the outside but in fact the board was only wedged in it’s opening for ease of access and then he went back on watch with Cyril.
William and Phillip went through to the small door and turning in opposite directions they started to crawl along following the cables, “Report anything, doors, cables disappearing, anything” said Phillip.
After a few minutes William called, “Phillip, Phillip this way.” William had found a smaller door than the entrance door, he opened it and found himself staring at several junction boxes, the cables continued downwards, he swung his light toward Phillip as he arrived. “This looks promising”, Phillip held his hand over William’s lamp, “Switch it off a second”, below the junction boxes and the cables disappearing downwards several feet below a faint glow showed through a long crack in the floor.


Kneeling down Phillip peered through the crack, “It’s fibre optic light”, he scratched around for a few seconds, “I don’t believe this, pass me your jemmy.” A bit of grunting and a snap as part of the boarding came away and the light became brighter. Phillip had a closer look, “Just plaster board.” another snap as more board was removed. “I’m looking at the back of the main frame of the computer, he said quietly, “you know the part that stands against the wall opposite the consol.”
He straightened up sizing the aperture and the junction boxes, “I think we could remove enough of this floor and the board below to slide down under the junction boxes straight into the control room.”
“That’s great” William said, “But let’s stop a minute, we’ve made quite a bit of noise, don’t forget we are up against a crafty opponent, if they have got around to using listening devices and locate the noise we could be trapped here, we’ve been here far too long.
Making their way carefully out of the tunnel they sealed up the board and collecting Cyril from the furthest watching post they retuned to the safety of level three their meeting place. 


William hurriedly called a meeting , “This seems too good to be true, Phillip let’s have your thoughts and plans”. They all turned to Phillip “I went a little further on my side of the little door and found ventilation grills so it confirmed my suspicions about it also being air conditioning of some sort, and I could feel the breeze so it must have been designed to work naturally as well as force draught.”
“But I was amazed at the lack of protection to the control room.” William cut in, “Yes but on reflection you must remember that it wasn’t always like this, the building we came through wasn’t there originally, there have been lots of changes.”
Phillip continued “Briefly we have to go back and make the entry wider, perhaps explore the trunking further, we may find a better concealed way of getting in from the road, and then we can tackle the computer.”
William put his hand on Phillip’s arm, “I’ve just remembered “your request for a disk has been answered, well partly, someone has sent in a Rapier Mark One, is it any use?” Phillip nodded. “That’s the earlier version, the mark two was brought out because computer manufacturers and others found counter measures for version one, but if the computer is even only half as old as the bunker itself this disk may unlock a few passwords for us.”
“I think that’s enough for one day” but does anyone feel like going back just to watch and see if the guards are snooping around there?” Jack volunteered.


The same morning saw John trying to repair the robot cleaner when Joan appeared, “Hi” she called, “What’s that?” John looked up, “It’s the robot interior cabin cleaner to give it it’s full name,” “What’s it do?” John closed the inspection lid on the top of the machine, “I’ll show you.”
He had earlier brought a railcar into the wash bay, “This is a mark two cabin you’ll see why in a moment,”
he pushed the machine back into it’s storage area and pushed the on button.


The machine woke with a buzz and moved forward to approach the rear of the two cabin entrances, it paused waiting, the car interior seating back rests were slowly folding backwards on both sides of the cabin until they formed a complete surface with the seats bottoms, then both left and right assemblies hinged upwards folding outwards to lie flat against the cabin walls.
The machine rolled into the cabin, rotating floor brushes swung outwards and with an accompanying jets of detergent the floor and lower walls were cleaned in one pass, the machine returned to it’s start position and the seating folded down flat once more.
Different brushes with suction nozzles deployed and the cleaner moved down the left hand seats cleaning and sucking the cushions as it went, then swung across to the other side and returned cleaning that seating on it’s return journey.
The machine backed out of the car and into it’s bay as the seat backs returned to upright and the cabin doors closed, the whole function had taken four minutes.


Joan stared in amazement, “That’s some machine, but why did you say a mark two?” “Because the mark ones cabin’s seat’s do not fold up, mark ones only get the floor cleaned, then they have to wait until the admin staff get around to cleaning the seats when they stack the cars on level eight overnight.” he looked at his watch, “Can you spare time for a quick bite it’s almost break time?”
William turned up as they were finishing their break and gave them the latest news, “I’m waiting for Jack to report, he’s just watching to see if they are snooping around on level one” as he stopped talking Jack appeared. “That was well timed” said William, “Maybe” replied Jack, “But I’ve some bad news, they are messing about on level one but I don’t think they have found where we were yet,” “Where exactly are they and what are they doing?” asked John.


“At the moment they are in the nearest square to where we were and have set up some sort of viewer.” “Sound location?” said William” “Perhaps I couldn’t see too much but it looks as though they are going to be there for quite a while, they have also got a couple of men at the square and the two adjoining avenues with lights, so anyone trying to get around them would have to use the other avenues and most likely be seen.” “I think we shall have to have a further look at those plans and see if there is another way in” said William, Jack could you find Phillip and ask him to Join me please?”


John returned to the workshop computer and reported the robot cleaner working, then sent the car from the cleaner into bay number on, he heard the arrival bell ring and walked down to the sidings to see two new arrivals in there with their flags extended.
Opening the first car he dragged out the food box and summoning the overhead crane hitched it up and sent the crane and load to the workshop stores. Repeating his earlier trick of doing some slight damage he switched the car to maintenance and programmed it to move to repair bay number two. The second car he left with the flag extended by switching it to maintenance, his excuse would be that the flag extended was the fault and it did not need to go into workshops to be fixed.
William watched all this in silence, as John returned he said, “That was very impressive John, no wonder they have kept you down here.”  John smiled, “Marginally better than unblocking sewage, you better move on, I can’t rely on having an uninterrupted day anymore.”
William nodded and inclined his head for Joan to follow, “We’ll keep you informed.”


Day Eighty one Thursday


The same technical Proctor arrived before Rose, fortunately now that Joan was no longer resident he had reverted to having breakfast in the proper accommodation up above. “You should be finished by now” the Proctor said looking disapprovingly at the remains of his food.  I shall be going through the status report with you so hurry up and finish, the woman can tidy your mess, I shall be in the control room.”
John hurried down the passage into the control room and booked himself in at the computer as usual collecting another five credit deduction for being improperly dressed as he did.
“You’ll never learn” said the Proctor sarcastically, “Now let’s get started.”


He proceeded to go through the whole of John’s repairs since he started with one short interruption while Rose was let through to the accommodation area. The Proctor carefully checked the nature of the repairs against the logged complaint and the time taken to repair and compared them with the standard repair times laid down in the repair manuals, finally he closed down the computer.
“Well I’m sorry to say I cannot fault your work, if anything you are a little faster than the standard repair times, I could put that down to your experience but again you have not been on the practical side of things for some years and that balances it out but it is all too pat.”   “I am still not satisfied that you are what you appear to be, but there are others who think you are, so things will remain as they are at present,” he turned and left without another word.


It was now mid morning, Rose had been gone an hour when William popped his head around the repair bay’s edge, “All clear?  John nodded. “ Good, now before I forget again, and I did forget this one”.  “You
know you told me about Alice prentice that you met on R & R?” John nodded again, “well I asked Phillip if he knew her, and he say’s no and Rose hasn’t either”. “My Rose has never come back to me either” said John.
“Well just consider this, she may have been a plant”  “ I had also thought of that.”  “Yes” said William, “She gave out information too readily, you were never split up, no one ever interrupted you, in fact a free run, don’t you think that is a bit suspicious?”  John nodded, “Yes it did cross my mind to ask her how she knew about the walking area on her first day there.” “Well I should keep well clear if I were you” John smiled to himself but said “She’s got another couple of weeks in there, if she disappears before her official discharge or has already gone already we’ll know she’s a plant, I’ll see if Rose can find that out.”


After the break Phillip turned up with William, “ Phillip has been digging around in that pile of plans and has found an air conditioning drawing, not the whole thing but he’ll show you” said William.
Phillip spread the drawing out on the mess room table, “This is all on level one but just when it was drawn I do not know, “but it does show some trunking running along that line we identified as air conditioning on the other plan but does not stretch to our building on this plan I’m afraid.”
He looked dramatically at them, “It does show the other end,” he paused, “in a boiler room.”
“So?” said John, “Well if we can find the boiler room and the air conditioning trunking we can get to the bunker that way,” Phillip said elatedly.  “So where is the boiler room?” “That’s the beauty of it, it’s very close the avenue end of road we use, so the chances of being seen would be minimal,” said Phillip.  William groaned, “But what a distance from the control room, but never mind, hey Cyril how about you coming with me in the morning and having a look?”


Day Eighty two Friday

John went about his normal work but was having some difficulties as now the cleaning bay was up and running cars were arriving by the hour to be cleaned having not been cleaned for some months. This required John to be frequently checking the state of the bay and the need to keep replenishing detergent and emptying the vacuuming bags, he took time to go to the works computer and report this.


Meanwhile William and Cyril made the short trip to level two and having checked all was quiet they rode down the road to stop where it joined the avenue. Here they secreted their bikes in an empty building but before stepping into the avenue William used a small mirror to push it round the edge of the wall and he held it there some minutes
When satisfied he edged his way round on his hands and knees looking quickly on his left for any nearby opening he could find in any building. The first unit was too small to lead to anything of worth he thought but there was a gap about two feet wide between that and the next much larger building, could this be a pathway?
Turning round still on all fours he went back and spoke to Cyril,” There’s a narrow alleyway between the first two buildings, I’ve a feeling this may lead to what we are looking for, you stay here, I’ll go and see if the alleyway goes anywhere, I won’t go any further, I’ll then come back to report.” With that he was gone.


Cyril was getting concerned with the ten minute wait when he heard some scuffling and William crept around the corner again. “It’s like a maze, the path twists and turns around the back of lots of the buildings, we could get lost, we’ll have to return too base and collect a few things, but I must say in there I felt safe from prying eyes.”
Back in the control room John found he had a voice message waiting, opening it the flat mechanical voice reported the acknowledgement of his earlier report that he had sent and informed him that a cleaning bay operative would be joining him on the following Monday, the operative would be under his temporary control.  “Well what do you know” thought John, it that automatic programming or does someone actually read the reports sent in?”


Day Eighty three Saturday


There were no official visitors today, John was now getting to know how they thought and while the lower ranks may have to work out of hours and weekends, few if any of the higher officials were prepared to get involved on Saturdays or Sundays so any special exercises requiring such persons as senior guards or Proctors were very infrequent.
William called after John had breakfasted and told him of the previous day’s excursion, “How about joining us this afternoon, were all getting involved even if only as watchers?”  John agreed, “It’s getting a bit boring and lonely down here I think a bit of excitement would be welcome.”


At an agreed time they all assembled near the level two stairs staff entrance, William spoke as usual, “There’s nine of us, I thought we may get a little bolder this time, two to do the investigating, one to follow and liaison and general back up to the searchers, four watchers , and two to go scouting?”
“Please say if any of you want  to swap jobs but this is what I envisage,” he paused for a second to see if there was any immediate reaction.
“Phillip and John searching the alleyway looking for the boiler room, Jack as back up, Cyril organising the three girls on watching duties, myself and Eric to go scouting, maximum time for the searchers two hours, all return independently to here and check in afterwards”
Again nods all round, “You’re a great bunch you know.” He paused, “now it’s two fifteen, let’s say fifteen minutes to get the search team in position, give them two hours, so four forty five absolute maximum, anybody not back we search for them but remember if you are late by mistake just remember you will be putting the rest at risk,  Jack, you are responsible for keeping time for your guys,  OK everyone, let’s go.”


CHAPTER SEVEN


In which our team get overconfident and disaster strikes, Rose gets full time employment. William is 
forced into one final desperate move, and craftiness and a medieval weapon wins the day.


Day Eighty three  Saturday continued


The two and a half hours past quickly for some and dragged for the less active, but at four forty five miraculously all re assembled.  “Has anyone seen any sign of the guards or Proctors or any others?”  murmured noes from all.  “The scouts had a snip but that’s not important, please let’s have two volunteers to watch we mustn’t get complacent,” Rose and Josie disappeared.
“Phillip you have the floor,” Phillip smiled, “It was so easy, we slipped down the little alleyway between the buildings and found we could only turn right, there were a few short side alleys but they ended after a few yards, but after passing three buildings we came to an all enclosed one with louver doors, the doors weren’t locked and in we went. 


Inside was an old type boiler and what looked like a steam driven generator, anyway nearby halfway up the wall was a large round construction, it was the outside casing of a fan,” he paused.
“Keep going” William urged, “Well on top there was the usual inspection hatch we climbed up slid open the hatch and we could see the start of the trunking,”  “And then what?” asked Eric, “Well Jack came in and reminded us about the time so we came back.”
William looked slowly at each one in turn, “You’ve all done tremendous work, no matter what your task no one has complained,” Josie made a small grunt.  “I would like something a bit more challenging now and again,” William laughed quietly, “Yes I am sorry,  I’ve left you ladies to do the hum drum jobs all the time, I think we should have council of war in the morning on level three so if everyone is agreeable we’ll meet at nine and have think about what we do next.”.


Day Eighty four. Sunday


With John volunteering as watcher on his own number two level the remainder met at level on level three.  William dived straight in. “This is the situation as I see it, we are almost certain to be able to get into the bunker from the air conditioning trunking but,” he emphasised the but, “but although they do not know just where we are busy working our original way through the unit is too risky to use again, in fact I don’t propose even to go back and make the window panel more secure.”
Jack nodded, “I agree and if they have no reason to suspect that particular unit has been entered, I don’t think they will look at it too closely, but we must secure the steel door, I bent the frame quite a lot because it would not unlock.”  “I think John may have the very thing Joan cut in, I have seen some small hydraulic jacks, they use them in the workshops for lifting and pushing in tight places.”


William nodded, “Thanks Joan that’s well worth making a note of, but to continue, our options are limited, go back and use the rail tunnel and the latter could be difficult now it’s been re sealed, or use the boiler room and crawl down the trunking, if it goes that far, or start looking for a different way in, so has anyone got any other suggestions?”
“Not a suggestion but a question” said Eric,  “Well?” “If the avenue is being watched even from the far end , we have to come out of our road and turn into the avenue to get to that alley way  we could be spotted, I know it’s quite a distance from one end of the avenue to the other but a risk all the same?”


“As you know we did a reconnoitre the other day and only told you part of what we found as there wasn’t sufficient time last time we met” replied William.  “Yes they have set up some sort of electronic device in the square and pointing along the avenue. 
We went across to the third avenue which wasn’t being used and cycled right up to the square, parked the bikes and went on foot. It seems to be a motion detector set up with an infrared camera, but as usual at weekend it wasn’t switched on, I know that is not the answer but we did get in the alleyway by crawling on our knees when they were in the avenue but we don’t know if their gadget was working at the time.”


He looked around his audience, “I think we should do several things today with no guards around, carry on exploring the trunking from the boiler room to see if it does reach the control bunker junction boxes.” “Examine an alternative way to get to the alleyway, possibly by forcing our way through a few units from our road in a direct line to the boiler room.”
“That would take an age” cut in Eric, “Yes I appreciate that but it is worth taking a look” replied William. “And see where the trunking finishes,” said Jack, “it may be another escape route.” “Or an entrance” said Josie.


“OK” William decided, “on trunking exploration, Phillip and Josie, if they get to the junction boxes that will be great.” “Jack you tackle the door frame, take a hydraulic jack of course and anything you think would help, even jamming from your side with a jemmy” Jack nodded.”
“Cryril you take Mary and Eric and see if it possible to make a new route from our road, I will be back up stationed at the alleyway and avenue junction as back up, and sorry troops but John and Joan on watching duty, level two and here I think, any questions?”
“Have you asked John if any of his plans of the different levels cover this?” asked Eric  “No but I will do, meanwhile let’s move, it’s now nine forty five , I’ll go first, don’t forget crawl into the avenue and into the alleyway.”
“Phillip and Josie to follow, Eric next, Eric you try and see if you can find your way from the alleyway to our road in level one, Cyril and Mary start from the road in level on,. time to prepare fifteen minutes, kick off at ten, let’s say a maximum of two hours and returning promptly no deviations please.”


William paced up and down like an expectant father, it was twelve oh five, the trunking team returned their faces wreathed in grins, but Eric or Cyril and Mary had not returned or Jack.
He called in the two watchers “I don’t like it, four missing”,  “Give them another twenty minutes” said John. William could not sit down and kept glancing at his watch, “What’s happened, have they sent out a special search team today to catch us?”
It was twelve forty before they heard footsteps, Eric, Cyril and Mary covered in dust arrived together.


William heaved a sigh of relief, “Thank goodness you’re safe, have you seen Jack?” “Sorry no.”  “We’ll give him another five minutes then I’m going to go back to look.” Eric started to speak but William held up his hand, “Later please, we must find what’s happened to Jack.” Four minute later Jack appeared.
William almost hugged him, “Please don’t any of you give me a fright like this again, now we’re all eager to hear what the other’s have managed to do, but first I’m sorry.” He turned to John and Joan,  “We know” grimaced Joan , “back on watch,” William smiled, Levels two and four please.”


Their stories quickly unfolded, after William had checked the way into the alleyway Phillip and Josie passed through and entered the boiler room while Eric following turned his attention to the buildings on his left, Jack followed Phillip and Josie into the trunking.
Meanwhile Cyril and Mary slowly made their way in and out of probably twenty living units before they found one with a rear entrance.
A ten minutes steady crawl in the trunking did lead to the junction boxes, Jack watched as Phillip swiftly widened the way through the floor under the junctions and the plaster board below with surprisingly little noise, certainly William giving back up and standing outside the boiler room never heard their activities.


Jack following on behind squeezing past the two while they were working and went to work on the steel door, the catch was in the locked position but the door could be not closed and locked.
He wedged it closed and then offered up the hydraulic jack between the wall and the outer door frame and started to pump, slowly the jack moved the frame back on position.
He tried the door but he could still see it had been forced, repeating the process he finally got it to look almost untouched, certainly from the other side with the door overlapping the frame it may not be noticed.


Meanwhile Phillip and Josie had dropped through onto the control room bunker floor, and unable to give any assistance Jack decided to explore further and continued to crawl along the trunking.
Before long the cables disappeared upwards but the trunking continued, by this time he had been switching off his lamp periodically to look and listen and after about ten minutes crawling he detected a faint light ahead, he had reached the other end of the trunking, the grill blocking his way did not stop Jack from seeing that he was looking down at one of the cities squares.


Phillip had disabled the computer on his last visit but soon had the computer working again, the first screen opened showing two options, Main Computer and Slave, Phillip chose Slave and then set about trying to find passwords using the disk William had managed to obtain.Outside in the alleyway Eric followed several blind alleys most of the buildings had blank walls finally in one corner he came to one thin door. It seemed to be some old type of refuse outlet, it wasn’t locked and stepping through he found it was indeed a refuse outlet with a chute pointing down from the ceiling.
Climbing through he found himself in what had once been a kitchen and passing through a couple of empty rooms he found himself outside in a narrow lane, opposite were similar buildings.
Cyril and Mary found themselves in a narrow lane also with similar buildings opposite, they were about to pick one when they heard a noise of someone or something in a building nearby. Hurriedly they went back into the building they had just left and watched as Eric emerged from one almost opposite and stood in the lane and looking around.


After all the stories had been told William summed up, “It’s incredible, what a success, I just don’t believe it.”  John turned to Joan, “And we missed all the fun,” all the others chorused their regrets.
William went on, “Credit goes equally to everyone folks because as you all know without every contribution regardless of the job we couldn’t function.”
“Now quickly to summarise, we have a new way in, admittedly we will need the three guides to show us the route through the buildings, and we have entry to the control room, but only one way out of the room. However once in the tunnel we can now go in either direction, it’s not ideal, and this rouge Jack disobeyed orders and did not come back on time and why? because very bravely climbed out of the air conditioning tunnel, recognised the square he was in and calmly walked back down the avenue”.
“Which avenue?” several chimed up at the same time, William grinned “That’s the cheek of it, it’s the same one our friends have put their device in, but trunking hatch comes out on the other side of the square behind them.”
He looked at the time, it was two pm, “I think that’s enough, break up now, don’t push our luck, I’ll contact everyone tomorrow”.


Day Eighty five Monday


John overslept but managed to get to the control room in time but was awarded a further five deducted credits for improper dress.
Rose arrived promptly at nine, and while quickly attending to the living quarters she discovering he had not eaten so made him some breakfast.  “Aren’t you going to be late?” Rose shook her head and smiled. 
“You’ll never guess what has happened?”  “Tell me,”  “Well the most important is this morning’s newscast”. “The chief of the Proctors has been removed from his post and also the senior guard, new people have been appointed and they have promised important changes to counteract the as they call them insurgents, I suppose that’s all of us.”    John smiled “And?”
“They have increased my duties, I now have to be here to service the robot cleaner and clean the car seats that can’t be cleaned by the robot.”  “I don’t believe it.”  “Well you better had, I suppose with it’s mechanical logic the request to the computer for a cleaner to do the servicing, checked it’s records found there was a cleaner already working here with only a minimum work load and reasoned that this was the most simple of problems so it added the duties to mine.”
“Has anyone said anything?”  “Not a word, mind you I wonder if they even know of the alteration after all it’s not a major change.”            John thought for a while, “Important changes, not a hint as to just how you were picked?”  “Sorry nothing more.”    Half talking to himself he muttered “I must get this news to William, it could be vital.”


He didn’t have to wait long, William turned up while John was showing Rose’s how to check the robot’s dust bags, how to empty them and replenishing the detergent. “Not that much to it, but as this is now being used regularly it does need a twice a day service.” he turned as William approached, and told him quickly about Rose’s extra duties and then about the newscast.
William had already heard the news, “That’s why I am here he said, “if I am correct you may be cut off from us at any time, any new security chief looking at this set up would not chase around the place the way they have been doing, I guess blocking the entrances and main routes would be my first move and certainly this place would be investigated more closely”
John nodded, “Yes I had thought about some time ago.”
“I don’t think it will take them long to reorganise themselves so must make the maximum use of the time we have while we can still operate. I have had a couple of contingency plans worked out for some time” said William.  “In fact I’ve already briefed Phillip and Josie on what I suggest we could do this morning, so here’s the basics.


Tonight we make a one off effort with all hands, after that we may find the staff staircase and other places closed to us.”  “Yes everyone I had thought of that as well” interrupted John. Wiliam nodded.  “Phillip and Josie are to go back to the control room computer, they have already got some passwords worked out and would you believe at the sixth attempt they got into the council chamber computer on their last visit”.
“Phillip had already made some suggestions which I like, one was to e.mail all admin workers and call a one day strike as an opening move.” “But there’s no time for that, he has now suggested changing all their passwords so they can’s use either computer, but this would be too risky as it may stop essential services from working, so the plan is to first find the code for opening the engineer’s access door in the main computer, make a new ID disk so we can get in and then cancel the original codes and passwords so only we can get access to either computer”.
“Using the bunker computer will be easy, Josie has already patched the CCTV of the main computer into this one, and Phillip is going to stop them having any control over their cameras so that will give us a bit of protection and if we can use the bunker again we may be able to watch what they are doing, but let’s not count on that.”


John shook his head, “This is getting more like a war, what are we going to do about the hole in the wall? “It’s a dead give away at present?”  William looked surprised, “I thought you would have had an answer for that,” John raised his eyebrows, “How?”  “Use one of your cranes and drop something very large and heavy in front of it, several in fact,  try and make it look as though nothing in there has recently been moved, we will dispose of the ladder.”
John nodded, “I’ll get onto it after this meeting but must realise that once in place you will not be able to get into the workshops again unless I know you are coming?”
“We meet tonight at 7pm on level three” said William, and talk about it then, “I will have had watchers out and about patrolling on their bikes earlier just to give any advance warning of activity,”  he turned quickly and made for the cage.


John walked around the complex, “What to use” he thought starting around, then he remembered one of the cars in the sidings had a badly damaged roof and part of one side where something had fallen onto it, he made his way over to inspect it.
A quick look was enough to realise that this required a major repair a little beyond his present capabilities, so arguably he could remove it to release the running chassis for other use if asked.
Unfastening the passenger cabin was much the same as removing a bogey from underneath, the six bolts secured it to the chassis and two multiplug electrical connectors were all soon disconnected.  By mid day he was surveying the cage storage area, it was high sided but open topped.  Very quickly he swung the grab crane into position and picked out the panels surrounding and also those leaning on the wall hiding the hole and stacked them all nearby.


The railcar body was lifted clear of it’s chassis and controlled by the works computer it was smoothly transported through the air to be lowered slowly to just a few inches from the floor . Now John took over the controls and manually edged it into it’s final position, he took care to leave a window in line with the hole although the lower part of the care body covered the hole completely.
He then replaced the disturbed panels and-distributed a few spare ones around the outside of the railcar body and finally he threw a few small frames and panels inside. He made a note that as soon as possible just to show it was being cannibalised he would remove a few seats as well. Before he finished he moved just one end of the body away from the wall so he could reach the hole in an emergency, a squeeze, he could manage for now but he must think of a better idea.


The afternoon shift passed by uneventful, Rose was now collected at 5pm and by 7.0 he had climbed to level three.
The meeting was short, it was decided to make it a one off through the old buildings between the avenues, only the fittest could be considered due to the climbing involved, so the team would be almost as before.
Phillip and Josie to get into the bunker, make the password changes to both computers they had agreed, and spend as much time as they had left to scan the council chamber and as many squares on the light and dark sides as possible to see what security changes had been put in place.  William would co-ordinate the watchers depending on the circumstances they found.
John had been left out of the night’s adventures as his continued presence in the workshop was considered vital, he waited up until after midnight but no one returned to make contact.


Day Eighty six Tuesday


Rose arrived as usual and hurried from the railcar towards him, “There’s been a disaster,”  “What’s happened?”  “ There was a big exercise last night and I think they caught some of the team, the newscast just said a few, no numbers or names but they sounded very pleased with the outcome.”
John paused his mind racing, all that effort gone down the drain, “Look,” he said, “do your normal clean then go down to the wash bay as usual but nip along to the cage it’s only a few yards away and check every hour on the hour and call quietly behind the railcar body, if William is around I am sure he will be doing something like that or listening out, until we make contact with someone were sunk.”


Day Eighty seven Wednesday


The day passed without any news.


Day Eighty eight Thursday


About 9.30 am Rose heard a faint call coming from the sidings, she called John and he immediately went to investigate, standing in the small pit near the rail tunnel were Phillip and Josie.
They did not have much to tell. Guided by the others through the maze of small buildings they made it to the boiler room climbed up to the fan hatch entrance along the trunking into the control room. Once in they changed both computer passwords.  The also checked their ID card worked before making any other changes. Finally they browsed the screens for about ten minutes looking at the various city squares and the council chamber until they heard a faint crash.
Realising it was not one of their colleagues making such a noise they started to climb out past the junction boxes into the trunking only to hear noises coming from the room above that they had first used for entry.
Before they could climb fully into the trunking the steel door from the room above started to strain under some outside force. so they dropped back down into the control room again. swiftly switched everything off they could and pulled out as many plugs as possible before hurrying into the corridor.


They could here the sound behind them of the guards making a larger hole in the flooring in order to climb through and having explored the other rooms previously they knew there was little chance of concealment. Phillip quickly opened all the doors to all the rooms knowing they had little time left before the guards were on to  them. Then herding Josie into the store room, and pulling open the doors on a few large cupboards he quickly strewed their contents all over the floor and then hid themselves under a pile of empty bags on the floor with the words ‘contaminated waste on them.


The search was perfunctory, by the sound only one guard looked in as he passed on his way towards the old station, and finding the teams original jemmy marks on the backs of the boarding he thought he had found their escape route.
Having called for assistance to tear down the boarded up door and windows they could be heard conferring and deciding the fugitives had made off down the tunnel and that pursuit was not worth while they returned to the control room and climbed out the way they had come in.


Finally things went very quiet but Phillip put his hand over Josie’s mouth shaking his head with a finger to his lips.  More sounds of the search were heard for over one hour but finally all went quiet.
They spent the remainder of the day under the sacks and only ventured late that night, scouring the various rooms and the control room, they were fortunate that a small amount of food had been left and some water but also a torch. With this prize Phillip decided the safest way out was to use this and escape by using the railway track.
Setting off well after midnight they made their way slowly along the walkway, stopping frequently to listen for any pursuit before finally making it to the short passage leading into the workshops.


John took them quickly to the mess room “I guess you are starving?” They both nodded, “Well I don’t think Rose would mind doing the honours while you tell me exactly where we stand, that is if you’re up to it.”
“No problem” Phillip replied, “It’s very simple, we changed passwords so they won’t be able to do much with either computer only use them to view, but we did not interfere with essential services”. “They can program or instruct it as they will have some administrative authority, but we have shut down their cameras, but little else there wasn’t time.”
“What more do you suggest we can do?” asked John.  “William and I have discussed this before, we can stop them programming special railcar journeys, close down their wireless network so they can’t communicate that way, they will soon tumble to the fact all this has been done on the command computer so they will be swarming round down there trying to fix things.”  “And will they? ”asked John.


“Eventually if they put the right plugs in the right sockets, unfortunately they are all the same size so if they plug in a couple the wrong way it could cause some damage.” “And they have to find the passwords for both computers.”  “Is that easy?” “Not that easy, but if they have the correct software it will still take time.”
“So how long have we got?”    “ I should say about two days.” “In that case I should do the remainder of those things now, can’t you use the computer in the control room here?”  Phillip nodded  “Yes it’s linked in fully not like the workshop one which I must say is very restricted, but I’m certain that they will come down here to use it themselves at any time.”
“Well it’s after 3pm, I don’t think they will come today, so I’ll take you up there now and while you’re at it can you disable the lifts so they have to walk down here?”


John was amazed at Phillip’s speed, his fingers flashed over the keyboard like a blur, in less than five minutes he snapped the main switch off. “That’s it, now let’s get downstairs I can feel the hairs standing up on the back of my neck while I’m up here, if they have any real wiz kids they will soon spot we are using this terminal and be down here like a flash.”
John waved him out onto the balcony, “Well they will have to walk down now I take it?”  Phillip just grinned, “as a precaution,” said John, “I am going to lock this door, it’s not much extra protection but I can always claim I did it for added security, we’ll talk down near the cage.” He finally selected the nearest of the parked railcars in the sidings to the small pit. “You’d better sleep here, at least you can dive down to the pit if anyone does comes visiting, you can’t be seen crossing the lines until they are past all the other sidings.”


Phillip flopped down on a seat, “We must get inside the council computer”, John looked at him questioningly, “I mean physically inside then we can really pull some strings, but we need food and water possibly for three days, and how do we get that in there including ourselves?”
John thought for a second, “Easy, now you have fixed it so the rail system runs normally but will only accept new instructions from us, there are two boxes of food here. We can load a railcar and program it and send the food by rail.” “A rail link goes right inside the computer at high level, it can’t be seen from the concourse, it was put in to change heavy components years ago and I don’t think it’s been used since.”


“I could program that using the workshop computer” said John, Phillip shook his head, “Not just now I think that would give us away before we had a chance to do all the other things first.”
“Would anyone query a railcar travelling on the special line to the computer?” Phillip asked. “If they were watching the three dimensional display in the control rooms” said John, “but not if you could disable it?” Phillip nodded, “Not too easy without upsetting the programming.” “If you did I suppose I could drive it manually,” replied John.
“So if you could drive manually so could the others,” remarked Phillip.
John looked puzzled for a second, “Thinking about it I’m not too sure, I’ve only driven one in the workshop are,. on the main route if you get two cars in the same section everything stops as a safety measure.” “Trying to drive manually to avoid that happening would be impossible. it does need the computer and the display functioning.” “If it was tried and went wrong the knock on effect would probably shut down the complete system so I don’t think they would risk it, now come to think of it I doubt I would either.”


Rose had left them to talk but came back looking upset, “I’ve just seen the afternoon newscast, they say they have caught the two ringleaders and three women, no names have been mentioned, but they did say that one was an escapee from the farm. They also said they will now be winding down their security arrangements as they are not as necessary, partly due to the amount of complaints received but will still keep making spot checks”.


John turned to Rose, “Have you been to listen at the cage recently to call?”  “No,” “OK I’ll do it myself.” Rose explained to Phillip and Josie why they were listening at the cage while John slipped away.
She looked around, “Well I suppose you two will have to sleep somewhere down here, any ideas?”
Phillip shrugged his shoulders, “I’d be quite happy here in the railcar.”  Rose shrugged her shoulders, “I don’t think anywhere is safe,” she looked up as John returned. “No, no sounds” he said, “but I’ll check later, now Rose we better walk over to the platform your pick up is almost due.”
After Rose had left he retuned to the workshop and with the crane lifted the railcar away from the wall just enough too squeeze behind, and then climbed the stair to the control room.


Day Eighty nine Friday


Rose arrived full of news, “There is quite a panic this morning, no phones are working and personal tablets are only partly working, they have announced the failure and engineers are hoping to fix shortly, all lifts are also out and quite a few have had to be rescued including one with a Proctor and some guards.”
“I wonder if it was our lift?” John said. Rose smiled, “I hope so.”
John asked “Rose I meant asking you the other day I didn’t see you arrive, is it still a normal railcar they use?”  “Yes and no, they do but it starts at the admin centre and collects and delivers people just for them, as it happens I am usually the last to be dropped off and the first to be collected so you don’t see anyone else.”
“That’s why it’s still running it’s been put into the normal routine of the system, I thought Phillip may have disabled that as well.”  “Oh, that reminds me,” Rose continued, “I must tell you the most important bit of news, there’s been a meeting of the inner council late last night something happened because they announced that under the circumstances they were calling a full meeting of the whole council today to discuss the situation and certain prominent names of dissidents have also been included,” Rodger nodded, “things are moving.”


Taking it in turns they kept going back to the cage to listen they could hear nothing but just before mid day they heard a crash. Running to the cage from the wash bay Rose saw a dishevelled figure dusting himself down, “John” she called, “Come here,” it was William.
“William” John exclaimed, “Are you OK, we were worried, I thought you had been arrested with the others and where’s Eric?”   William snorted, “ I’m bushed after that struggle to get in, Eric’s getting his breath before trying,” John went and fished out the rope ladder they used to use, “I’ll drop this down to him.”


With both men cleaned up, fed and refreshed William described the events of that night. 
“They were waiting for us, well they were waiting for the ones trying to get in through the old route and by way of the alleyway from the avenue”.  “I don’t think they knew about the new route through the old buildings but they had identified the dodgy boarded up window where we first got to the trunking, so it was a two pronged attack to begin with.”
“I was on watch and I had only just despatched Joan, Rose and Mary down the alleyway while Eric and Jack were clearing a better way through the old buildings.” “I heard the noises of the guards breaking into the boarded up window so I rushed into the alleyway to warn the girls, then I went into the trunking to warn Phillip and Rosie”. “But by this time the guards had broken in through our original way into the trunking I guessed they were trapped so I turned back”.


“But you were trapped yourself” said Rose, “Yes I thought so, but they had caught the girls and they had already taking them up the alleyway when I got out of the trunking.  They also guessed there was a way through the old buildings so they sent a team round that way and trapped Jack and Cyril in the lane between the buildings, but they must also have gone by the time I returned to the boiler room.
Somehow they missed Eric and myself in the confusion, and as I came out of the boiler room he was coming from the old buildings. We went up the alleyway and ran like hell down the a avenue away from it all.”
“And since then?” John asked.  “After we got away we kept on the move, we visited all our old HQ’s and managed to find enough to eat sleeping in a different one each time. We came back here a day ago but could not hear any noises so we went to our latest place on level six, than goodness for the bikes, at least they never found those.


John filled them in on the latest situation and the newscasts, “Look before we do anything else what are we to do about sleeping everyone?”  Rose appeared again. “There’s been an updated newscast, slowly they are having to let out more information because too many rumours are spreading, they keep telling people not to panic,”  “This helps us although I’m not welcoming it,” said William.
Rose went on, “The first emergency council meeting was in fact adjourned because insufficient members turned up.


The few Citizens and Proctors that decided to attend had to use public transport, one Citizen was manhandled by an angry crowd. Fortunately they released him later . The few Citizens that managed to attend did so only after they had called for protection. A Proctor and two or three guards to each member were supplied but they could not too protect many.
The call for a full council meeting was more of a face saver than anything else, and the report of the full council will be anytime.”  John smiled, “Thank goodness for cable television,” “Oh yes” added Rose, “A special channel has been set up for sending messages, so nothing is secret now”.“I don’t see them having time to look for us,” said Eric, “Well I’m not so sure,” replied John “If they want to get into here it’s not that difficult. One way is the stairs near the lift but they have a long climb down to that, but it would be simple to load a car with guards.


Phillip interrupted, “They can’t program the car to come to the workshops,”  “I’m afraid they can, just load the guards and cause a defect in the car that will send it right into these sidings for repair. That’s an automatic function, or there is still the old staff staircase they know all about that now” said John. I’m worried they may overreact by opening the arms store” said Phillip, “In times of danger and all that”.
William held up his hand, “Now hang on, they can only do that by law if there was an external threat and signed authority for drawing weapons, shooting at their own people would cause an uprising.
Let’s look at the whole picture, to all intents and purposes they seem to have collapsed but we can’t rely on that, even the newscasts could be a smokescreen 


But they don’t know our weaknesses, strengths yes in as much we have control of the computer at present, what they don’t know is that if we got into the main computer we have to feed six people and from what John has told me we have a total of eighteen meals in two boxes in the stores so we can’t hold out indefinitely.”. “We have my weekly meals and now Rose’s because she is full time here, so add another ten” said John.
“Ok, twenty eight meals, if we went onto tight rations perhaps we could only last three or four days inside the main computer, longer if only two were in there. But apart from complete control over the machine but only until they got working on the passwords, and what would happen to all the rest of us that are outside? We could be used as hostages,” “So I suggest we do something to bring matters to a head while we can” “Go on” said Rose.
“Let’s come out into the open, make a statement of our aims, ask the C.D’s and the Citizens and the Proctors for a meeting and possibly a referendum, something on those lines,” Rose got up and made for the control room, “Newscast” she threw over her shoulder.
“Make up a statement William” said Phillip, “If we can agree on something the sooner the better.”


William started to read his planned announcement.....


“Attention please, this is a message from the people who have been causing so much disruption recently, we do not have a group name, we are not political, we are not out to overturn the system , we just want everyone to have a fairer share in running this city, we are just ordinary folk trying to make things better”............... the message went on in simple terms explaining their aims.


John looked at the others, “Well I couldn’t have put it any better, do we all approve?”
Nodded agreement, “OK let’s send the message” he turned to Phillip, “But how?”
Phillip picked up the paper “Simple, I get into the e.mail main address book and send the message to all the addresses on the list, then a copy to the TV network they will be bound to transmit it.  Most Proctors I am sure will have an e.mail address although as messages can be read by most people, well almost all.  I doubt Proctors use it very much and Citizens I doubt at all, but the message will get across.”


Rose came back, “Another newscast, the full council finally convened, safe passage was promised for all members and the place was about three quarters full, the viewing gallery was packed.” “But the council soon started to argue and tempers got heated and there was several fights before it had to be broken up, nothing has been decided, they are going to try again tomorrow.”
“This could be a chance for us to get involved” said William,  “We could call on all the senior people to meet with us,” “But what have we got to offer that’s different?” asked Eric,  “Proper democracy” said William, “It’s far from perfect but better than what we have”.


“Come on everyone,” said Rose, “I taped the council meeting we can watch it on the workshop screen,” they all trooped in and settled down. The camera swung round from the packed crowds in the council chamber to the actual members and to the top table, the man seated in the centre and obviously chairman has a card on the desk in front of him as did the five others, his title read A. B. Banning, Snr Council Member.


John pointed to the screen “So that’s who he is,” all turned to John, “He was on the sub committee that sentenced me, I thought then I had seen him before,” William shook his head, “It looks as though he and no doubt a few others were behind this all the time.”
Jack looked at Cyril, “ I told you there was more to it than just a few free votes for all groups swanning about in the dark.”  “It just needed a push to get things started and it seems we were it” observed Eric.
Suddenly the screen erupted with struggling people, the camera settled on a few individual struggles until someone pulled the plug at the TV studio and a commentator cut in with apologies for a break in transmission.


Day Ninety Saturday


John woke to find two guards standing over him, “Get dressed” one said, he could hear voices outside. Dressing quickly he was pushed out into the corridor to see the admin Proctor standing there.
“Take him down stairs,” he ordered.  John was hurried through the control room and out onto the balcony, he could see all the others standing below in a group surrounded by guards.
“Down with the others” he snapped, he was almost pushed down the stairs, surprisingly Rose was there with William, Eric and Rosie but no Phillip.


The Admin Proctor turned to John  “Get a car working”, John shook his head, “ You should know by now even I can’t do that,” the Proctor produced a small object from inside his jacket and pointed it at him, “Get a car working or you will be shot.”
John looked carefully at the object, it was a small pistol, “You know you can get into serious trouble even carrying one of those never mind using it?”   “It will not be your concern if I do, we’ve all gone too far to stop now.”
As he spoke the arrival bell rang and an unlighted railcar came out of the entrance tunnel and made it’s way towards the sidings obviously another car needing attention, but no one took their eyes off the Proctor.


There was a hiss of opening doors and the sound of footsteps and then a voice called out loudly, “All stay exactly where you are, you are all covered by weapons.” The Proctor turned to confront a group of men standing just outside the unlit railcar headed by another Proctor who John recognised as the technical one he had seen before.
The Admin Proctor pointed contemptuously at the men holding an assortment of crossbows and spring guns, “What with those medieval things out of the museum? I think not.”
He partly turned away towards John again raising his weapon as he did so. There was twang and a swish followed by a dull thud, the Proctor looked down in surprise to see a crossbow bolt sticking from his chest and then he collapsed.


The Proctor walked towards John smiling as he did so, “You weren’t the only one that could get a ride in a car to the workshop by taking all the lights out, he said”
The guards had no stomach for any fighting and surrendered immediately, the Proctor held out his hand, “I hope you will take this in friendship and your friends as well,”  “What about the others?” asked John.
“Being released as we speak,” “There was another council meeting very early this morning between all the interested parties and an announcement should be on the T V as we speak, let’s go up and see it and bring your friends,” he led the way up to the control room.


The newscast was still running,   “And so it has been agreed that for one year things will remain as they stand with the exception of the withdrawing of privileges to Citizens, senior council members and high grade C.D’S.
In the meantime we will divide the city into equal wards when everyone who wishes can seek election as a new government member.  It is expected that some sort of political groups will emerge in due course.
All political prisoners have been released from punishment, all persons with a criminal record will be allowed to have their records reviewed and if proven unjustly charged be rescinded, and in future all persons accused of any crime will be tried by a court and not by the central computer with a magistrate for minor offences and a jury for serious ones.”  They went on outlining several other items...............


The Proctor switch the TV off, “Do you think you can agree restore the computers to full working order now?” he asked. John nodded,   “Of course I’ll tell Phillip, but where is he?”
Phillip had somehow dodged the raid as he was awake when it started and he managed to escape through the cage and made his way into the light side . Mingling with the crowds who had come out into the streets to celebrate he ambled into the very crowded council chamber where everyone was gathering, sauntering round the computer itself he then made a sudden dash to the engineer’s door, flashed his ID card at the panel he was inside before anyone realised what had happened.
It took John a full hour to convince Phillip all was OK and to switch everything on again.


CHAPTER EIGHT


And finally....... John is re united with his friends for the last time. Some questions are answered and he makes future plans


It took several days but John finally got his sentence officially squashed. His job and living accommodation were restored and all his credits returned.  Shortly after resuming his old quarters he received an invitation to attend a special council meeting in the council chamber in a few days time.


On the day he was greeted by a Proctor and ushered into a small side room, here he found all the old gang assembled apparently none the worse for their experiences and eager to share them with the others.
“May I have your attention please,” the Proctor called, they all turned to listen. “You have been invited here in order for the council to show their appreciation of what you have done. In a moment you will be led all together into the chamber please relax and enjoy what I believe will be a unique experience for the city one that has never been carried out before.”


He went to a door in the opposite wall and opening it a little peeped through, “Yes,  yes” was all he said, and then opened the door wide and with a sweeping motion of both arms ushered them all through.
They found themselves walking out onto a raised dais with a short row of chairs with a lectern standing to one side. In the main auditorium sat several rows of seated men and women, as the group appeared they all rose to their and gave them a standing ovation.


A different Proctor guided them to the chairs, John caught a glimpse of many friends in the audience, their Daughter Clara, Allisa from the farm, Peter Ashby, Proctor Gambit all clapping vigorously and the young Citizen who was grinning from ear to ear and holding up both thumbs.


From the other side of the dais a figure walked to the lectern, it was senior council member Banning, he held up his hands to quieten the clapping which even then persisted for several seconds before slowly dying away.

“Ladies and Gentlemen please be seated and allow me to introduce to you the people who without their unselfish actions we would not be holding this meeting today.”
He went on to describe briefly what had transpired and how the group had managed in spite of tremendous odds to create a situation which has resulted in a new brand of government being formed.


The then turned to address the group, “John, William, Jack, Eric, Cyril, the two Roses, Joan and Mary. Unfortunately we cannot officially acknowledge what you have done, we can’t even name you in public.
In fact even now very few of us know any of your surnames, and this is unfortunately the way it has to stay, and I am sure we all appreciate why this has to be.” 
“All we can offer is our heartfelt thanks for what you have achieved, now please mingle with the people here who expressed their wish to thank you collectively and individually for what you have done.”
“And everyone please enjoy the food and drinks provided.”


With all the crowds and people wanting to shake every group member’s hand it took some time before John finally managed to speak the Proctor Gambit and the young Citizen. “ So he’s not dead after all?” smiled John nodding to the Proctor’s companion, “No, I’m sorry we had to do that to you.” “Were you in the know all the time?  The Proctor shook his head, “No we weren’t, it was only when I started to ask awkward questions we were given the fuller picture.”


“Yes my Mary started investigating your death” he nodded the Citizen, “No final service recorded, now that was a mistake sir,”  the young man nodded. “ But please don’t call me sir, it’s not a title I have earned and in fact I am putting forward a motion to get it stopped for all Citizens as soon as I can.”
“I agree with you, I thought we were getting in too deep without any explanations, and how I was supposed get into your control room blind drunk even when only acting was a bit too fanciful for many to swallow.”
“Thank goodness it’s all cleared up,” he offered his hand. John grasped it, “No hard feelings?”  John smiled and grasping the proffered hand, “No of course not.”


He turned away and as he did so caught sight of Alice Pritchard through the thong at the same time she saw him. It was going to be impossible to avoid speaking to her without some embarrassment so he nodded quickly and the two steered their way towards one another through the crowd.
“I’m sorry,” John started, “ I never got a chance to come back to you, things happened so quickly.” She nodded but looked quite serious, “ I’m not sorry John”.
He looked surprised “Oh?”  “ I was a plant,” she replied.  “Well I must admit that had been suggested by others,” he said. “But I had decided to give you the benefit of the doubt until we met again, but tell me why are you telling me now?”


“After I had met you and the way you spoke it was obvious you were not a bad man, I started to feel very uncomfortable about what they had asked me to do.”
“And what was that?” he asked.  “First to gain your confidence and try and glean anything I could about you and your friends, but also to try and involve you romantically, the idea was to unsettle Rose with the hope she would report on you, in fact anything to cause an upset.
But later I was pressured to contact you as you had not contacted me and they were in a hurry, desperate in fact. But then followed all the searches and restrictions in the city that were put in place and it made me realise these were not the masters we should have running this city. So I refused to co operate any further and told them so,”   “Then what?” prompted John, she smiled, “they locked me up.”
Any more conversation was broken up by several of the group interrupting to drag John away to meet other people.


The meeting finally drew to a close after about two hours.


A day or so later John was relaxing at home, all the excitement of the earlier days a distant memory, he felt empty and for a time was at a loss to know why. He had now been given the task of reopening the workshops, training new staff and this surely should keep him occupied but the feeling would not go away, slowly it dawned on him that he was missing Rose.


“Would she come back if he asked her?” he thought.  He wrestled with the problem for another day but eventually he picked up the phone. With his finger paused over the keypad...  “I wonder if.........no she wouldn’t I’m sure.”  Ten minutes dragged by and after three attempts to dial her number he kept the phone to his ear.  “Hello?” she answered.  Hello?”  “ Er yes Hello” he mumbled.  “Is that you John?”  “Yes.” 
“Oh this is a surprise,” then followed some polite conversation by both of them on what they had been doing since the meeting in the council chamber when they were all together.


Finally she cut him short, “John”, “Yes”  “What do you want?”   He paused and then stuttering on every word he managed to get across his feeling of hopelessness and loneliness and thought that perhaps, maybe and only if she really wanted..........  ? “
She cut him off again, “ “Do you want me to come home?”  “ Nothing could make me more happy” he whispered.
“Well why didn’t you just say it then.”  “Well I have now,”   “Of course I’ll come”, “Do you think Clara may also now she’s finished college and got a job?” he asked tentatively.   “She has talked of little else for some weeks” she answered.
“I’ll come and collect you, tell me when, you will need time to pack.”
He heard a little giggle, “You never could read me could you, come over now you fool, my bags have been packed for the last two days.”


High up on the edge of the city with the wind howling round the empty buildings on the roof of level twelve the two men met.
Number two spoke first, “Were you seen?”   “No”,  number two again “So your idea worked?”,  “Yes I suppose so, but throwing a spanner in the works is a risky undertaking” Number two nodded, “And it’s knowing how big a spanner and where to put it. will you tell anyone we were involved?”   “No , I think enough know already”.
“It’s such a pity they can’t be recognised”  No” number one man replied, “ it could lead to causing more fractions, lionising, splinter groups, all sorts of trouble, it is far better they all remain anonymous, but perhaps one day it will come out if the city has a centenary celebration.”
“What would you call it?”  “Well” replied number one, “Perhaps ‘Ninety Days’ or ‘Day Ninety’ because it took that long or perhaps JB Day after it becomes common knowledge as it surely will.” Number two nodded approvingly.”  “I like that, J B Day, it has a ring to it.    who’d of thought a senior council member and a senior Proctor would stoop to such antics?”  Number one smiled faintly, “Who indeed.”


And so our hero and his friends returned to normality and as is usual with other governments and council bodies a veil was drawn over the whole proceedings as more mundane but more important subjects took centre stage.  As William commented later,  “Now it’s all over the in fighting will really start”


K. Horton.  Dorset .England  2012
