
No Mercy in Dinosaur Country

Book 1 of the Dinosaur Country Series


M.J. Konkel

No Mercy in Dinosaur Country
by M.J. Konkel

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Copyright © 2021 M.J. Konkel

Book Cover Design by M.J. Konkel
Original Background Art by Herschel Hoffmeyer


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form—electronic, mechanical, manual or any other form developed in the future—without the written permission of the author, except for excerpts used for reviews or articles as allowed by law.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are the product of the author’s imagination and used in a fictitious manner. Apart from cultural figures used for context, any resemblance of the characters in this work to real people is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Sneak Preview of Next Book
From the Author
About the Author



Chapter 1

“George?” Kat called out.
She sighed as she sat back, clearly ignored. Her eyes panned around, taking in the alien-like world. Even though still technically a version of Earth, it was far different from the one on which she had been born. And that one was even more different than the one on which her parents grew up. At the moment she missed the world she called home.
She desperately needed time to unwind—away from the rest of the crew and the bickering which had become infectious as of late. Being on the fly hopping from world to world had worn her down. Her eyes closed for just a moment as she took in a deep breath. The rest of the crew were just as tired, but they weren’t to blame any more than herself. They all badly needed a break and no more excitement for a while.
“George?” she called out again. Still ignored.
Off on the northern horizon stood tall mountains of ice. Not where she and her crew were headed, but the glaciers were responsible for the way the land had been sculpted and the way the animals had developed on this world. A reminder there are always forces more powerful than humans in shaping the universe. As alien as this world seemed, it still had a certain appeal to her. It had spots one could sit and hear nothing but the whispering wind. There was the abundance of wildlife with a few truly spectacular animals, and she never tired of watching them. Only of having to talk about them.
Flinging her long auburn pigtails in an arc around her head, Kat turned until her eyes locked onto George. She had been ignored long enough. “For cripes sake, George. Stop fricking ignoring me. It was you who insisted on getting this last shoot in. So, are we doing this or what? If you want to call it off, just let us know, and I’ll be fine with it. I’m sure the same for the guys.” She heard the edge to her tone when she spoke but felt she lacked control over it. She sighed a second time. It was weariness, really. Nothing a long vacation couldn’t fix.
Her producer, George DeMooney, glanced in her direction and harrumphed. George also did the directing and half the filming. “I heard ya the first time. And the second. Just keep your Glocks in their holsters.” He scratched the top of his shiny forehead, rubbed his hand over what little remained in the back, and then returned back to his fiddling.
Kat rolled her eyes. She had only one Glock on her, a 19C Gen6, but it was not worth the effort to correct him with a retort over that.
“And don’t fricking shoot off my butt with them just ’cause I’m the one holding us back this particular morning. It’s not like you’re always on time.” He pointed down at the gadget in front of him. “Been fricking struggling to get this new camera to work. For the show, you know. It’ll make it better.”
Kat sighed. He was right about her not always being on time, but right now he was being the problem. “You’ve been fiddling with that all week. Maybe it’s time to just give it up.”
“Yeah, no tech support out here, you know. But I finally figured out what I’ve been doing wrong.”
“Oh, for all the heavens’ sake, can’t you just use one of your old ones? This is our last shoot of the season, is it not?” Kat didn’t like how every little thing irritated her.
“Camera tech’s my area,” George snapped back. “It’s not like I tell you—”
 “Tell me what?” Kat glared at him.
“Never mind.” George shook his head, trying to brush it aside.
Kat couldn’t quite let go just yet. “How to stand? How to point? You tell me how to do everything except—”
“I’m your director.” George cut her off before she could finish the crude remark that dangled on the tip of her tongue. He broke eye contact with her and fiddled with his camera again and then mumbled, “I just want this to be a good episode.”
Yes, Kat had to admit he was always trying to make the episodes better. The consummate perfectionist. But she wondered how much his persistence with the gadget was due to his stubbornness to get something out of it before the end of the trip since he had paid a bundle to have it meet up with them in time after being backordered. “We’ve been shooting darn footage for six long days. There’s got to be enough to piece together a decent episode.”
“Yeah, well, we could. But it just feels to me to be missing something that could make it … um … special. Hoping this camera can get us that special something.”
“The animals on this world aren’t special enough?”
“There.” He ignored her question as he popped a panel back in place. “I got it working now, so don’t get your ...” George cut himself off and mumbled something unintelligible to himself instead. He glanced down at his watch and then turned back to Kat. “Let’s get this last footage done, and then we can all get the hell out of here. Shuttle’s set to arrive in just over five hours.”
Kat’s eye caught Jose and Ricky heading over. Jose was throwing up a hand and yelling something at Ricky, and Ricky was not taking any of it. Kat definitely did not have a monopoly on crankiness. The problem was they had been shooting episodes week after week for nearly six months, and they all sorely needed a break. Time away from each other.
Kat turned back to George. “What’s so darn special about this camera anyway?” 
 George chuckled as he leaned over into a carboard box and pulled out a huge case. Inside was what looked like a miniature blimp, complete with tiny stubby wings and propellers attached. “Camera mounts to this. It’s the latest in drones. Filled with helium to give buoyancy. Not just quiet, but totally silent. The only downside is it can’t be used if winds are too high.” He grinned from ear to ear.
Getting the camera working had given George joy, and that somehow irritated Kat. “Or if there is a football game nearby.”
“Very funny.” George faked a chuckle. “Nobody’s tossing my camera. This baby’s mine.”
Kat shook her head as she rose. It was not that she couldn’t see the value in the new camera drone; it was just that she wanted to be done with the shoot. Get back to civilization and sleep on a soft mattress in a real bed instead of on a hard cot in a tent.
George rose from the table where he had been sitting, signaling to everyone he was finally ready. 
“Let’s get on with it then.” Kat peered toward the west. They would have to hike out to where they had last seen the animals, shoot their footage, and still get back in time. The last thing she wanted was to be late getting back. Hopefully, the animals were still in the vicinity of where they had been last spotted, or the whole morning was going to be a big waste.
“Right. But you better spit out whatever sour apple you bit into before we start shooting. I need Katgirl, not Tartgirl in front of the camera when we start shooting.” George squinted at her a moment longer before turning his head. “Jose, grab your gear. Ricky, you carry this case for me. We’re heading out.”
Kat crossed her arms and frowned. However, she knew he was right. She needed to cheer up before the filming started. Or at least act like she had once the cameras were rolling.
“Nothing but a fricking mule,” Ricky mumbled as he reached for the case.
George ignored the comment and turned toward the tall older man who had just exited the closest tent. “Doctor Toulouse, you’re welcome to join us.”
The doctor was the scientist kind of doctor. He called himself a mammalogist while some of the others on his small team called themselves ethologists. They were here on the world to study the animals just because that’s what scientists do. They study things.
“I’d really love to, but I’ve got samples I need to make sure are properly packed for the shipment back to Prime.” Dr. Toulouse stroked his bushy red beard with two fingers. “Just make sure you’re back in time before the shuttle leaves. They stick to their schedules and won’t be back again for another week.” Kat could see Toulouse had tired of their irritability too and didn’t want any part of it. She didn’t blame him.
“We’ll be back in plenty of time. Let’s move out,” George called as he turned and followed Kat.
Toulouse was the reason Kat and her team had been able to come to the world. Worlds like the one they were on had some of the most interesting wildlife in the multiverse but could only be accessed via the science teams’ supply shuttles. Luckily, Toulouse was a big fan of their show and thrilled when George asked if he could bring his small film crew. Most scientists he had contacted simply said no. They didn’t want a video team messing up their pristine research environments, as if George and Kat’s presence were really going to make a difference. But after a week of the filming crew being around, even Toulouse had apparently gotten his fill of them.
Kat led the way as they marched across the tundra, colored red and yellow by the moss and small bushes that covered the rocky terrain. A warm dry breeze blew from the south, probably not strong enough to prevent George from trying out his new toy. In the distance to the north stood what appeared to be mountains but actually were glaciers, extending far to the south on the continent; the same ones Kat had stared at earlier.
This was an alternate Earth, Earth1912 to be precise. The 1911th alternate Earth to be catalogued back at Earth1, also called Earth Prime or simply Prime. Kat was reminded of an Earth similar to Earth1912 which she had been on half a dozen years prior when the ship she had been on was lost. That version of Earth also had a North America locked in the grips of an ice age.
She topped a knoll and stopped, waiting for the others to catch up. A wide valley spread out below. Unlike the rocky terrain they had just hiked across, the valley was bright green with fast-growing grass. A shallow milky river wound through the center of the valley which stretched to the left as far as the eye could see. To the right, it wound around a bend and continued beyond their sight up toward the glacier.
Down in the valley a few hundred yards away, six magnificent giants grazed on the verdant grass of the wet valley. Woolly mammoths.
Kat glanced back at the others. George already tugged on his new drone with its camera from the case Ricky had carried. She wondered, as she watched the small skinny kid next to George push his wire-rimmed glasses back up higher on his nose, whether he would be back after their much-needed break. The kid, barely out of high school, seemed homesick most of the time. But mostly, Kat had sensed George was a little disappointed in him. Off to the left of George, Jose carried a second camera in his big muscular arms and already had it pointed at the giants.
George was right. She needed something to put herself into  a better mood. She thought back to when they were on Earth98, a mostly water world with a few archipelagos. She had placed an eye patch with its elastic strap over one of the 3D camera’s two lenses when George had turned his attention elsewhere. Then she kept pointing out across the surf and saying things like “Aargh! Thar she blows,” and “Aargh! Load the monkey,” until he finally figured out why his camera had suddenly stopped working right. Afterward he laughed along with her and the rest of the crew. She smiled at the memory and reminded herself he really was a good man, just a little obsessed at times.
She turned her attention back to the mammoths and assessed where to do the shoot. George would also be looking, but he would be using only his artistic eye. She would have the final say on where she stood, taking into consideration her own safety. After all, when it would be her butt closest to the fire, she had the right to say what was too hot. An outcrop of rocks a little to the right of the animals caught her eye. The rocks weren’t a big enough barrier to really stop an irate animal if it decided to charge, but the rocks should at least slow it down. Besides, six days of being around the animals had given her a sense of their temperament which was generally pretty gentle. She pointed the spot out to George, and he squinted at it for several seconds and then nodded his approval. She eased down to the spot, not wanting to spook the animals, and knowing George needed time to get his camera in an optimal position.
Once she reached the rocks, she pulled out a pad and used its camera to check her appearance. She made a minor adjustment to her hair in front and brushed one of her pigtails back. She had wanted to cut her hair short, but George insisted she keep the tails. They had become a hallmark of her video persona. The young woman known as Katgirl, the new outdoor video star of The Wild Multiverse.
“How do I look? As good as Emily Von Strife?” The actress. Kat smiled at George as she rolled up her pad and stuck it into her hip pocket.
“Better.” George stared at his pad as Kat looked straight at his camera.
“Eat your heart out, Emily,” she muttered as she turned, smiled, and gave a profile, followed by a spin on her heals to give the opposite cheek. She knew he had told a lie—no woman was in Von Strife’s league. But it still felt good to hear it.
He saw everything through his screens. He flashed a thumb skyward. “Good. Go with it, anytime you’re ready.” He kept the cameras recording much of the time since modern file storage capacity was so high. He and a team back on Earth Prime would later splice together what was best for the program. It also gave them lots of extra stuff to use for later behind-the-scenes episodes.
“It’s our last day here on Earth nineteen twelve, and I must admit I’m going to miss this world when we leave in a few hours.” She blinked at the camera Jose held and then pivoted her head toward the mammoths. “I am especially going to miss these animals behind me. Gentle peaceful giants. Like the broncos on my home world, there is something—”
“Stop, stop, stop.” George lowered his pad controlling the drone camera and shook his head.
“—majestic.” Kat squinted at George. “What?”
“You said broncos instead of brontos.”
“I did not, did I? That makes no damn sense. Why would I—”
“You need to see the fricking recording yourself?” George lowered his gaze to his pad without waiting for a reply. “Just take it again from ‘Like the brontos’ and continue from there. We’ll splice it later.”
Kat took a breath in and turned her head back toward the mammoths. “Like the brontos on my home … Whoa! What the frick’s going on?”
The closest mammoth had turned toward them and stomped a few steps forward. It raised its big, curved tusks outward and then suddenly let out a loud trumpeting sound much like that of an angry elephant. Clearly a warning. The other adult mammoths quickly turned and faced Kat and the crew as well. All seemed riled.  Only the lone juvenile remained to the rear of the herd.
Startled, Kat stepped backward. The crew had been filming the mammoths for nearly a week without any sign of aggression from them. She had even been much closer to the animals on one of the earlier sessions. Doctor Toulouse, who had been around the creatures far longer than they had themselves, had assured them mammoths never seemed bothered by any of the researchers being in their vicinity. Why then were these animals suddenly behaving like this?
“It’s that damn thing.” Kat pointed at the new camera drone hovering near the animals. 
“They’re looking our way—not at the fricking camera,” George said.
He was right. Kat stared at the mammoths, but they seemed to stare back right through her. Past her. She suddenly had the feeling of being watched and not by them. She spun her head around.
A large cat eyed them from atop a boulder some fifty yards away. It had a gray coat which blended into the bare rocks around it. What stood out, though, were the two huge canines clearly visible even from the distance. The doctor had warned about the saber-toothed cats being around, but Kat and George had not seen one in their week of filming. Now a brute easily topping 400 pounds stared at them through large dark eyes.
“Guys, behind us. Back up out of here,” Kat said. “Whatever you do, though, don’t turn and run.” She reached down and pulled the Glock out of the holster on her thigh. The pistol held fifteen 9-mm jacketed hollow-point rounds in its magazine, plus one in the chamber. She hoped she didn’t need to use more than a few of the rounds, though, and then only to scare the cat off.
“What do we do if it attacks us?” Jose’s voice quivered. 
“Stay behind me.” Kat’s eyes remained glued squarely on the cat in front of her. “If I have to, I’ll put him down, but I really hope it doesn’t come to that. Nobody be stupid about this and turn tail. He’ll see you as prey and run you down, and you can bet your sweet ass he’s faster than you. Just keep walking backward and keep an eye out for others coming from the side. And for cripes sake, don’t trip and fall.”
“What others?” Jose’s voice rose. “Where?”
“Just watch for others.” Kat stepped backward quickly. Each step carefully placed so her footing remained solid.
Behind her, someone tripped and fell. Kat didn’t have to glance back to know it was Ricky. Rocks scraped against each other as he scrambled back to his feet.
The cat stretched out its paws, dropped off the rock, and disappeared. Only to reappear as it hopped onto the top of a boulder a bit closer. It dropped off the second boulder and trotted toward them, moving faster than them. The gap between them and the cat quickly shrank.
Kat stopped and held her ground. “Hey, buddy! That’s close enough.” She squeezed the trigger and fired off a single round. Rock splinters flew up in front of the cat. It sprang back a step, displaying fast reflexes, and dropped into a crouch. Its nostrils flared wide.
“There are two … two more above us,” Ricky said. “We’re surrounded. Whatta we do?”
Kat sneaked a quick glance at the other two cats. Still more than fifty yards away, they trotted along the valley’s rim. 
The cat in front of her rose slowly out of its crouch as the other cats drew closer. Kat squeezed off another round and rocks flew up again in front of the first cat. 
It did not jump back this time. Its jaws opened wide, and a guttural snarl came from the cat, telling Kat it was not afraid of her. She didn’t buy it though. The cat was wary of them. Otherwise, it would have already pounced. The other two cats were now almost as close as the first cat, and Kat swung her pistol at them before pointing it back toward the first cat.
She took careful aim and squeezed off a third round. The pointed tip of the cat’s right ear suddenly disappeared in less than an eyeblink. Only a ragged red edge remained. The cat sprang five feet straight up into the air, screeching. It legs barely seem to touch back to the ground before it spun and sprang back away. Rocks and dust were kicked up as the cat leaped over the rocks above them.
Kat swung to her right, pointing her pistol toward where she had last spotted the other cats. One of the cats was there above them for just a moment, but then it too disappeared. The last one leaped to the rocks above and to the right of the other cats, and then it too was gone.
Kat had been right in her intuition. The first cat to appear was the alpha of the pack, and when it decided the humans were not easy prey, the others were not about to attack with their leader retreating.
She lowered her pistol but did not holster it. “Let’s get back before that shuttle arrives.”
“Hope there’s time to change my pants.” Jose glanced at Kat. “Holy buckets, that was scary.”
“Are they, uh, really gone?” Ricky continued to stare at the spot where the cats had perched above them.
“Most likely,” Kat said. “But keep sharp anyway. George, tell me you got that.”
“Well, there was the difficulty of walking backwards and not tripping over the rocks,” George said. “I have enough trouble just walking forwards.”
“George?”
“And the fact that those lions were about to eat us. They saw us as big fat juicy steaks.”
“George!”
“Yeah, of course, I got that. When have you ever known me to stop filming just because I thought we were about to die? Those are the scenes that are going to make a legend out of you. Not to mention drive up our ratings.”
Kat rolled her eyes. “You’re one of a kind. But you already know that, don’t you, you son of a bitch?”
George laughed. “Yeah, well, right back atch ya. Lucky for me ’cause you’re why I’m still here alive.”
Kat cocked her head toward George. “I guess I was a little cranky earlier.”
“A little?”
Kat laughed. “Hey, I said sorry.”
“Actually, you didn’t. Not yet anyway.”
Kat holstered her pistol, not intending to say those two words. “Come on, I’ll buy you a beer when we get back to Prime.”
“Make that two beers, and you’re forgiven.”
Kat glanced at Jose and Ricky. Their eyes were still wide as if they had just spotted the grim reaper. Kat thought about it for a moment. The cat’s canines were shaped a lot like the business end of a scythe.
She turned and headed back toward the base camp. Some time off back on her home world had to be less exciting, right? All it had was dinosaurs.

Chapter 2

Kat stayed a week on Earth Prime wrapping up loose ends. Some of it had to do with wrapping up the season; some of it was financial. Some of it was seeing old friends.
Everywhere she went, she ran into fans. Not that everyone knew her. Quite the opposite. But everywhere she went, somebody knew her, and they wanted her autograph or pictures. Some wanted to know if everything they filmed was staged or if CGI was used to create some of the scenes. Not that it mattered to them since they thought she was fantastic, and they were going to watch the show regardless. Kat tried to tell them everything on the show was real, but many still appeared to have doubts. She tried to be gracious to all the fans but wished she could just blend in and disappear for a while. On her fifth day back on Earth Prime, she visited Hackaway, a hair solon, and had her long tails cut off and had her new shortened hair dyed brunette. The lady at the salon called the cut a genie-bob (or something like that) and then gushed to Kat afterward about how great she looked with it. She also said it was currently a popular style for those in their mid-twenties. Afterward, no one asked for an autograph or a selfie with her. Of course, she wasn’t going to tell George about the cut until she had to see him again.
Ten days after they returned from Earth1912, she took a flight to Earth1854. Also known as Cretacia, it was where she was born, and where her parents still lived. The interverse ship was roughly the same size and had the same appearance on the outside as the shuttle that had transported them to and from the ice-age world. The big flattened-out whale shape with fins on the back, large propeller drums attached to the sides, and a cabin mounted underneath. But the inside was configured totally different. Made for passenger travel rather than equipment transport, it had over a hundred seats rather than the twenty on the shuttle. She stowed her bag in the compartment overhead and slid into her seat by the window. A short time later a man tossed a duffle bag into the compartment overhead and sat down in the aisle seat next to her. While the man’s thick dark nest of a beard and the uncombed mop on his head made him look older, Kat doubted he was even her age.
 “Hello there.” The man glanced at Kat for a moment before turning his gaze to the window.
“Hi.” Kat politely smiled at the man and turned back to the news stories waiting on her pad. The one on her pad described increasing violence from a radical group calling themselves Thirteeners, a group who believed the United States should only be for the descendants of the original thirteen American  colonies.
“My first time aboard one of this … ships. You rode before?”
“Yes.” Kat replied, wondering about the man’s accent and broken English. She turned back to her pad.
“You go before to this one we go today? They say dinosaurs there.”
“Yeah. Grew up there.” Kat said.
“You did? Oh, sorry. Forgot to tell my name. I am Petru Orhei. You call me Pete. You have name?”
Kat lowered her pad. The man was different than anyone she had met before and perhaps a conversation could be interesting. “I’m Kat.”
“Wait.” The man turned his eyes back on her and squinted. “You that Katgirl lady I see on video. But you not have wig with red...” The man pointed at the back of his head and made a line down over his shoulder.
“Yes, that is me. But that was not a wig. Dyed it a new color, and I just had those tails cut off.”
“Ah. You brave young lady,” the man said.
“It was just a haircut.”
The man laughed. “You funny too.”
“You don’t sound like you’re from the U.S.” Kat said.
“I come to America only six month ago. Before, I live in Transnistria.” Pete’s eyes brightened as he mentioned his home country.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know where that is.” 
“Between Moldova and Ukraine. East Europe. Beautiful country. But no dinosaur.”
Another man who looked much like the man seated next to her, but perhaps a bit older came up the aisle, leaned over, and whispered into the seated man’s ear. Then the second man pointed toward the rear of the cabin. The seated man frowned as he rose from his seat. 
“Good to meet you,” he said as he quickly nodded at Kat, and then he shuffled to the rear. The second man took the vacated seat. He nodded at her when she looked at him, but he offered no explanation and said nothing. He stared ahead as if deep in thought, and Kat turned back to her pad. She found the whole exchange rather odd and wondered about the relationship between the two men.
The flight took slightly over an hour, most of which was in the air between the port where the interverse ship had been docked and where it would jump to the alternate universe. The jump itself took mere seconds. Suddenly the roads, buildings, and human cultivated spaces that had been below them were exchanged for a vast prairieland wilderness. Gasps came from some of the other passengers as they saw for the first time the huge dinosaurs below. Kat merely smiled. The land below was home to her.
The prairieland quickly turned to rolling hills, and then she spied the Mississippi River ahead through the wide window next to her, and they descended toward it. A short time later they touched down on the river and then taxied to the end of a long pier which jutted out far from Ridgeback Island, their destination. Kat stared out her port window at the wide expanse of the Mississippi. Other than for a few motorboats buzzing along the waterway, it looked as it always had to her even as a child. Finally her turn came to rise from her seat, grab her bag, and exit.
She stepped out onto the floating pier. Ridgeback Island looked almost nothing like when she was a child. So many people had moved to the island, its population had grown explosively in the seven years since the world and its castaways had been rediscovered. But space was limited on the island, and dangerous predatorial dinosaurs roamed along the banks of the river, so buildings went up. Six-story buildings were the norm now, although many of the four-floor pagodas still stood on the northern part of the island. Near the pier on the southern end stood an eight-story hotel. She remembered when the construction had been done two years prior.
On the pier, small electric vehicles, refurbished golf carts really, were parked with drivers waiting to taxi customers to the smaller hotel on the north end of the island. Kat strolled to the checked luggage area and claimed a case that contained her Glocks. It was just a small case, but it was not allowed in the cabin.
She glanced at a forklift carrying a pallet with a big box as it exited the rear of the airship’s undercarriage. Other boxes had already been unloaded and still others on pallets waited on the pier to be loaded and taken back the other way to Prime. 
She waved to the first taxi driver, and he pulled forward. She stashed her bag and case in the back and hopped in next to the driver.
“Cretacia World Hotel or the Dino Queen?” The driver named the hotel at the other end of the island and one of the paddleboats that provided three or five-day excursions from the island. The other two paddleboats must be out, Kat realized.
“Neither,” she chuckled. “I’m from the island. Just drive, and I’ll tell you where to stop.” There was only one road down the center of the island and a narrow loop of a road at the northern section. She did not recognize the driver as she realized there was a time she knew everyone on the planet. Now she recognized only a tiny fraction of the people on the island.
“That’s odd,” she said.
“Everything’s odd here, lady. What you referring to?” the driver asked.
“Those guys just got off the flight with me, and now they’re going straight off the island with those others.” The two strange men from the flight, along with half a dozen other men climbed onto a pontoon boat at the pier.
“Yeah, an odd bunch all right.” The driver pulled forward. “First of them arrived about a month ago. That group, they keep ferrying new people and boxes filled with who knows what out to wherever they’re at. I heard from some of the other drivers, they even have a couple of quadcopters. The one staring at the IV ship right now’s named Kosinov. I’ve heard a few call him General. Also heard you don’t want to cross him.”
Kosinov turned, and his eye caught Kat’s. He scowled and turned to the other men as the taxi swerved into a U-turn before heading north.

A short time later Kat hopped out, the bill having already been paid, grabbed her bags, and strolled over to the four-story pagoda where her parents lived. They had the top floor. She was excited, not having seen them for nearly six months. Bounding up the steps, she shouted out a hello, but there was no answer. She called out again before pulling on the door. They still had no locking mechanism on it, and she resolved to have that fixed before she left for her next filming season. Whether her parents liked it or not, the island was changing. She called out again, but there was definitely no one home. She strolled back out to the deck, plopped into a wicker chair, and pulled out her phone.
She sent texts to three of her old friends, James Spechright, Angelina Splitfeller, and Anita Mendez. At least she hoped they were still on the island. She was learning a lot could happen on the island in six months.
She got an immediate automated text back from Angelina saying she was on vacation back on Prime and would return in three more days. A minute later her phone rang.
“Hey there.” James’s familiar voice came from the phone. “When you get in?”
“Literally just arrived.” Kat crossed her legs and put them up onto the railing. “I’m hoping I can finally collect on that old bet of ours from way back. I believe you still owe me a dinner.”
“Yeah, guess I still do,” James chuckled. “Dean’s on the Water sound good? They have the best hadro steaks on the island. The cook there serves them with a red sauce over the top.”
“Yeah, sounds delicious. So, what you been up to?”
“Oh, this and that. Say, I don’t have much time to talk at the moment. I have a client who just arrived I have to take out, but we can catch up tonight. Seven sound good?”
“Yeah, seven’s good.” Kat lowered her legs as she heard a noise down at the bottom of the steps.
“I’ll pick you  up. Staying at your folk’s place?”
“Yeah, but we can meet at the place. I’ll find it. It’s not that big an island.”
“Yeah, all right. See you there then. Hey, Kat. Good to hear from you again.”
“Yeah, same here. See you at seven.” She hung up.
Moments later she heard familiar voices. She sprang up out of the chair and over to the steps.
“Mom! Dad!”
“I’m sorry.” Her mom started up the last flight of stairs just ahead of her dad and wore a sour expression. “Do I know you?”
“Very funny, Mom.”
“When did you get that cut?” her mom asked. “And the color change?”
“A few days ago.” Kat sighed. “I thought you’d be happy to see me.” Her shoulders gave a little shrug.
“I am. Really, I am.” Her mom reached the top of the stairs. She reached out and gave Kat a quick hug. “You staying for lunch?”
Kat nodded. “Yeah. Thought I’d catch up on things.”
“All right, I’ll go fix us something.” Her mom turned and went through the door.
“How about you?” Kat squinted up into her dad’s bright, liquid blue eyes. “You got a hug for your favorite daughter?”
Her dad put his long arms out and leaned toward her. “My only daughter.” He put his arms around her. “Which is why it wouldn’t have hurt you to send us a note once in a while when you were gone.”
She held on until he brought his arms down. Somehow, the embrace did not seem as warm as she had expected. “It’s not like you guys sent me anything,” she muttered.
“How could we?” Her dad released her and stepped to the door. “We never knew where you were at. Well, it’s not me you have to smooth things over with.” He held the door for her.

Many hours later Kat sat down across from James.
“You’re late,” James said. “As usual.”
“I am not always late.” She knew he was right though. It was a habit of hers.
“It’s okay,” he laughed. “I would have been shocked if you had been on time. I took the liberty of ordering us our drink.” He filled her glass from a wine bottle already on the table.
The waiter moseyed over to take their order. James said he would have his usual, and she said she would have what he was having.
After the waiter left, he smiled as he raised his glass. “Here’s to you becoming a star.”
She clinked her glass to his before taking a sip. “It’s not all as glamorous as you might think. Everywhere I go, people find me and want to have our picture taken together. Or they want something as a souvenir. Or they get down on their knees and propose to me. Guys that I’ve never seen before. Even some ladies. One even had a ring.”
James chuckled. “Hope you said no. Because I didn’t buy a gift.”
“It’s not that funny,” she said before snickering. “I guess it is pretty funny, but it just gets old after a while.”
“Is that why you did the, um, hair thing?” He waved a finger in the direction of the top of her head. “I mean, looks good on you. But that the reason?”
“Thanks. Yeah.” She grinned. “People don’t recognize me now, although there was a guy on the flight that did anyhow. But what about you? What have you been up to?”
James sipped from his glass as he continued to gaze at her. “The last couple of months I’ve been flying a copter out scavenging skulls, mostly pentatops, some rexes, as well as occasional anklo clubs. I get a tour client every few days. Fly them around.”
Kat squinted at him. “That sounds like Anita’s old gig. She doesn’t mind you cutting in on her action?”
“Nah. I got my license and started flying for her right after you left and then bought the quad off her when she decided to move to the East Coast. She bought a couple of new copters to take there. I’m the only one here picking up skulls, but there are a couple of other newbies flying tourists around here besides me now. Good guys though.”
“Really? Anita left?” Kat lowered her glass instead of sipping. “I’d heard they had started a colony on this world’s Staten Island.” Cretacia’s version of Staten Island was smaller than the one on Prime because of the higher ocean level, but its location made it ideal for tourism. Other colonies were popping up all over this world, the dinosaurs being a great tourist draw which brought in capital. “I guess that explains why my texts to her were not being delivered even though I saw what I thought was her copter sitting on the pad. So, it pays well, picking up skulls?”
“Well enough. I get a couple of Cleves for each. Really good ones I can get ten. They’re getting harder to find though. Have to travel out farther to find clean ones.”
“Where do you put them once you find them?” Kat knew the skulls had to still smell unless they were really old.
“A small island just south of here where I drop them off. I clean them up and coat them with disinfectant. And spray a sealant over them before I box them. Then fly them over and leave them on the pier for the next flight back to Prime.”
“And you said you fly tourists too?” Kat said.
“Yeah. They don’t know it, but I’m spending a lot of my time looking for more skulls while flying them around.”
Kat sighed. “I guess a lot changes around here when you go other-world for even a few months.”
“Other-world?”
“It’s what people on Prime are calling it when you’re on one of the other Earths. As opposed to off-world meaning outer space or a different planet.”
“Oh. I guess I’ve never been off-world. Only other-world.”
“Yeah, me too. What are you doing tomorrow?” Kat asked abruptly.
“Well, I have a pair of nice penta skulls I spotted day before last which I was going to pick up in the morning. Flying a client around the area in the late afternoon. Why?”
“Would you be willing to change your morning plans?”
“Maybe? What you have in mind?”
“Fly me and my folks around. You know, sight-seeing kind of thing.”
James chuckled. “For a sec there, I thought … Never mind. The folks, huh?”
“Saw them this morning, and they weren’t exactly thrilled  with me. Guess I haven’t been the greatest of daughters these last few months. Anyway, I’m trying to find some things I can do with them before I have to leave to start filming again. To help patch things up a bit. Anyway, how much you charge them tourists to fly ’em around for a couple of hours?”
“Don’t worry about it. On me. I’ll tell what. I’ll pick up one of the skulls and drop it off. Then I’ll meet you all at the pad at ten. Fly around a bit, and we can be back by one for a late lunch. Sound good?”
“Yeah, looking forward to it. Sure I can’t pay you for the ride?”
 “I may not be a star, but I’m doing all right.” James’s head popped up. “Ah. Our food is here.”
Kat’s mouth watered as she smelled the savory sweet odor of the steaks on the platter approaching her from behind.

Chapter 3

The quadcopter set down squarely in the center of the pad out on the end of the floating dock. The copter was loud but not nearly as ear-splitting as some of the helicopters Kat had been near at other times, and its pitch was higher than that of the helicopters. Ripples stretched from the pad a short distance across the small bay. The motors shut off, and the four propellers quickly spun down. James sat in the pilot’s seat and waved at them before popping up his door up and jumping out. Kat waved back.
“You’re late.” Kat grinned at her payback for his comment from dinner. She realized, though, she was grinning because she was happy to see him. Seeing him always made her smile.
“Is that how we taught you to greet people?” Her mom chided before turning and waving. “Hello, James.”
“Hi Mister and Misses Faberley. Hey, Kat.” James grinned as he stepped lively toward them and grabbed her dad’s hand and shook it while nodding at Kat and her mom. “A bit late because I ran into a little problem with some raptors I had to chase off. Figure that—raptor trouble in dinosaur country. Anyway, go on and climb in, all of you, while I get the tanks topped off. Got a few spare cans of biodiesel over by the bench for the day.”
“I thought the motors were electric.” Her dad pointed toward one of the propellers.
“The fuel runs the generator,” James replied. “Only a small battery for the starter and the electronics.”
“How are your folks? Have you seen them lately, James?” Her mom asked.
“They’re fine. Had dinner with them the night before last,” James replied.
“You’re such a good son.” Her mom glanced toward Kat.
Kat rolled her eyes and turned away. Reaching the copter, she climbed into the seat behind the pilot’s seat. “Really, mother?” she muttered as she slid the door shut.
Her mother had marched around to the passenger front seat on the right and climbed inside. “Oh, is it mother now?”
“Only until you start acting like my mom again.”
“Okay, you two, knock it off,” her dad said. “No more of this snapping at each other today. We should act like a proper family, not a dysfunctional one.”
As if there was such a thing as a proper family. Kat frowned before turning toward her window. “I’ll stop if she stops,” she mumbled.
“Fine.” Her mom’s shoulders slunk, and she appeared no happier than Kat to be declaring a ceasefire.
For a couple of minutes, no one said anything further. The silence grew heavy as if the air had suddenly become dense or maybe toxic. Kat considered for a moment apologizing, but then grew certain in her conviction it was her mother who was being unreasonable. After all, Kat was a grown woman with a suddenly blossoming career. Wasn’t her mother the one being irrational in her expectations? Wanting to know where Kat was at all times. The silence was killing Kat, but she was tied up. Her father asked for no more negativity, but nothing positive to say came to mind. At least, nothing that wouldn’t cause her to puke.
James finally finished filling the tanks, set the cans aside. and returned to the copter.
“So, where are you thinking of taking us today?” Her dad asked, finally breaking the silence.
“I thought we’d go downriver.” James’s door popped closed and clicked. He buckled and reached forward to turn on switches. The rotors started winding up. “I’m always heading somewhere to the east or the west from here, showing people the dinos out in the open grasslands. Or searching for pentatops skulls in those same places. Almost never just follow the river one way or the other, so I thought today we’d do just that. Maybe see something that is really new. Besides, all of you have seen plenty of dinos before, right?
“All right, everyone put your helmets on. I haven’t crashed yet, but if today’s that day …” He leaned forward and flipped one more switch. “You might want to turn on your com sets too. The button’s on the right side. Lot easier to hear through the earphones in the helmets.”
Kat had already turned on her com unit, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to hear her mother right then. Perhaps after she had cooled down a bit, and her mother stopped acting so like her mother and not like her mom.
The rotors suddenly got louder, and the copter gently lifted off the pad, slowly rotating to the right as they rose. Then the copter eased forward and coasted over the southern tip of the island. Below, the new Ridgeback Grand Hotel stood and just beyond it, the long pier where the interverse ship docked daily. At one end of the pier was docked what appeared to be the same pontoon boat Kat had seen the day before. She pointed it out to James.
“Yeah, a lot of people have noticed them coming in the last few weeks,” he said. “None of them seem to come onto the island. They load themselves and boxes onto their boats and head downriver. They all seem, as far as anyone here can tell, to be from somewhere in eastern Europe.”
“I met one on the flight here,” Kat said. “Said he was from Transylvania.”
“So, they’re all vampires?” James chuckled.
“Okay, not Transylvania,” Kat said. “But someplace that sounds like that. Trans something or other.”
“Others think they are escaping from persecution or something and starting a colony out there where no one will find them.”
“Seems to be all men,” Kat said.
 “There are a few women with them, but yeah,” James said, “mostly men.”
“And no one knows where they’re going?” Kat said.
“Nope,” James said. “We’re heading south today. Maybe we’ll come across their camp—if we’re lucky.”
They had already left the pontoon boat far behind. The wide expansive river spread out across the bottom of the valley two hundred yards below them. The tops of the bluffs along the ridges to the left and right were at about their level. James swooped the copter down a little lower so they could get a closer view. In one of the backwater sloughs, brontos grazed on the cattails and arrowhead that grew tall in the shallows mudbanks. They were male brontos, usually referred to as johnnies; the females, referred to as jennies, were still out on the grasslands with the young. Along the shore, a few spinos searched for fish. As the copter came close to one of the spinos, its head suddenly snapped downward and then came back up a moment later with a large sturgeon draped across its toothy long snout. Here and there, dactyls rode the air currents in the valley below them. Kat warned James not to get too close to them. She had become wary of the flying reptiles ever since a flock of them had caused the copter she had once been in to crash. She realized their copter back then had come up from behind and spooked the flock from up close, but still she had an aversion to getting near the critters while in the air. One of dactyls in front of them left with a large fish wedged into its beak, but most of the dactyls veered off well before the copter got anywhere near them.
Their copter had been slowly cruising for about an hour when a large river appeared ahead of them, flowing into the Mississippi from the east.
“That would be the Wisconsin River,” her dad said.
“Never been this far south before,” James said. “I’m thinking we should go up the Wisconsin for a stretch to see what there is to see before turning back toward home. Sound good?”
“You’re the pilot,” her dad said. “As long as we all remain in one piece until we get back, I’m fine with wherever you take us.”
“Wait a second.” Kat exclaimed just as the copter had started to veer to the left. “There’s smoke coming from straight ahead. Let’s check that out first. I’ll bet it’s where those guys in the pontoon boat are headed.”
James stared to the right at the plume for a moment. “Everyone good with a change in plans?” he asked. Kat’s parents did not object, so he banked them around until they had come in a full circle and were once again heading south down the Mississippi. Ahead, the smoke first spotted by Kat was now clearly visible. It originated from a large sandbar that rose out of the river and paralleled the shore just downriver of where the Wisconsin dumped into the Mississippi. At its northern end, the bar curved in and connected to the eastern shore across a narrow strip. A bonfire, the source of the smoke they had spotted, burned at the bend. Sandy beaches gave way to tall grass, much of which had been trampled flat down the middle of the bar. Tents and numerous large container boxes covered the middle area. Two quadcopters sat on the sand near the southern tip. Maybe two hundred men, dressed in some type of camo uniforms, dotted the flat sandbar; many of the men stared up at them as their copter buzzed past. Some pointed at them, and others scrambled around.
“Those guys are dressed like soldiers,” her dad said, stating the obvious.
“Never knew there were so many of them,” James said.
Shots rang out from below.
“What the hell?” Kat stared down at the men. Why were they shooting at their copter?
“They didn’t really just fire on us, did they?” Her dad tried to peer back at those below.
“Well, we weren’t hit,” James said.
“Maybe there’re raptors in the area, and they were shooting at them. Not us,” her mother said.
“No, I could see them better from my side, and they were definitely shooting at us,” Kat said. “Those rifles were pointed our direction.”
“Why would they do that? Makes no sense,” her mom said.
“Because there’re a bunch of stupid lunatics,” Kat said, but she knew there had to be something going on that they had no clue about. What could the men be scheming?
“They’re definitely up to something,” James said, echoing her thought, “and they don’t want anyone to find out what it is.”
“Maybe they’re terrorists,” her dad said.
“They were wearing uniforms though,” Kat said.
Her mom craned her head back at them. “What are we going to do?” 
“We need to report this,” her dad said.
“Yeah, let the authorities take care of them.” Kat agreed with her dad, but she worried about those below. Could they be planning something against Ridgeback? It didn’t seem likely, but they were definitely up to something.
“I’m going to turn us around to the west and head back,” James said. “Give them a wide berth.” The copter slowly banked to the right.
“Shouldn’t we radio back to Ridgeback and let them know what happened?” Kat’s mother asked.
“Most likely too far out. I doubt we’ll reach them from here.” James reached down and turned on the radio switch anyway. “This is Spechright, about an hour and fifteen south along the river. We have an emergency. Does anyone copy?” Only static buzzed on the radio. James repeated his message.
Chink! A bullet had just pierced through the side glass and lodged in the padding of the roof. The sound of two more bullets pinged off the back part of copter rang out before the rattling sound of an automatic rifle came over the buzzing of the rotors.
Kat glanced at the new hole in the glass with its star pattern around it as their copter banked and dove toward the left. More rattling from the automatic rifle sounded, but no sounds of impact on their copter. 
“I think they’re shooting at us again,” her mother said.
“Ya think!” Kat yelled.
“Hang on,” James said as the copter banked hard to the right and rose. More shots rattled off from the other copter. But the bullets sailed below them.
“Damn those bastards!” Kat pulled her Glock out from its holster on her thigh. With her other hand she pushed the button to lower her window. A six-inch semicircle of the glass disappeared downward into the frame of the door. A roar of air rushing past the opening filled the cabin.
“Can we outrun them?” her dad shouted.
“I don’t think so,” James said. “Got a quick glimpse, and I think they’re flying the same model quad as us.”
“I got a look too,” Kat said as they rose up and then banked to the right. “There was only a gunner and the pilot.”
“Great!” James banked the copter again to the left. “So, same motors. Less weight. Pure speed is not going to do it for us.” The rattling sound of the rifle came again, and most missed them. But there was one ping from somewhere behind them where their copter got hit.
“Christ!” James swore. “This thing wasn’t built to be shot up. Here.” He pulled out his own pistol from his holster and thrust it at Kat’s mom.
“What about me?” Kat’s dad said. “What am I supposed to do?”
“Just sit back,” Kat said, “and try not to get shot, Dad. Mom’s a better shot anyway. No offence.”
“Oh, so we’re back to Mom now,” her mother said.
“Now’s not the time, Mother,” Kat said as they dove just before more shots rang out.
“Well, if the two of you can’t put aside your differences now—” her dad said.
“Oh, shut up,” Kat and her mom yelled at the same time.
Her mom fired twice out her window. “Dang it. Missed them.”
The other copter veered off.
“Hah!” Her mother exclaimed. “At least now they know this bitch shoots back.”
“Mother!”
“What?” Her mother said. “You didn’t know you were a daughter of a bitch?”
 “Those bastards coming up on us again,” her dad said. “Other side this time.” 
James banked the copter to the right. Then the copter climbed before banking to the left and diving.  
“We didn’t shake them,” her dad said. “Still on the left. About a hundred yards back and closing.”
“When I say so, veer across in front of him,” Kat said.
“Are you crazy?” James shouted. “I’m not doing that. They’ll crash right into us.”
“No, they won’t. Just do it.”
“No!”
“Yes!”
“Fine! But you better be right about this.”
Kat peered through the window as the other copter eased up on their left. It was still behind them. A rifle barrel stuck out of the rear window and pointed sideways. Then pivoted toward her. 
“Now!” she shouted.
Their copter banked left across the front of the other copter. The automatic rifle rattled, but the angle was wrong. The bullets flew well behind them.
For a moment it appeared the other copter was going to crash into them just like James had predicted. Then the other copter pilot reacted, and the other copter started to dive. Veered down and away.
The pilot in the other copter stared up at them with big white eyes. His mouth wide in a scream Kat saw but never heard. She squeezed the trigger on her pistol. Released it. Squeezed again. There wasn’t time for a third shot.
Two bullets pierced through the cabin of the other copter. She didn’t know if the pilot stared at her in particular, but if he did, he saw the flashes of her pistol just a fraction of a second before at least one of the bullets went into him.
He slumped forward over his control panel. Kat saw the expression on the face of the shooter in the other copter as it started to go down into a steep dive. The look of knowing he was probably about to die, and there was not a damn thing he could do about it.
The wide expanse of the Mississippi appeared ahead. The other copter continued to plummet until it smashed hard into the surface in the middle of the of the river. The copter momentarily bobbed back to the surface and floated with the current. Whatever happened to those inside was no longer a concern to Kat though.
James glanced back at her and her dad. “Everyone all right?”
“Yeah, good.” Kat glanced over at her dad. 
He nodded. “Fine.”
“I’m all right,” her mother said. “I still can’t believe they were shooting at us like that though. Just they wait until the authorities—”
“Crap!” James stared at the control console.
“What now? What’s wrong?” Kat tried to peek over James’s shoulder to spot the problem.
“It’s the fuel. Almost gone.” One or more of those pings behind them must have been the fuel tank.
Kat stared out her window and scanned the terrain below.
“I have to take her down before we don’t have a choice. There’s a field ahead.” James stared out through the front windshield.
“No.” Kat said. “Over to the left. There’s a small clearing between the trees near that small river. Take us there.”
“It’ll be easier to land ahead in the clearing,” James said.
“There were two copters back there on that sandbar,” Kat said. “If they send the second one our way, I’d rather they not find your copter. It’ll tell them exactly where to look for us.”
“If they haven’t sent it already, maybe it’s down for repairs, and we don’t have to worry about it,” James said. “It’ll be safer to put down in the clearing.”
“Maybe.” Kat turned toward him. “But maybe the pilot of the second one had to fuel up first or was just off peeing somewhere. We can’t chance it. Is that opening big enough or not?”
“All right, we don’t have time to argue about this. We have to go down now or crash. It’s a big enough hole, so we’ll do it your way.” James banked the copter to the left and flew toward the opening Kat had pointed out. Their copter hovered over the opening for a moment. Then it quickly set straight down, and they landed with a jolt.
James appeared to have rushed the maneuver, probably had worried about running out of fuel before they were on the ground. Kat was glad he did for a different reason. If the second copter of the men who shot at them had been sent already, it was best to disappear below the canopy of the trees before those sent spotted them.
As soon as they were down, Kat hopped out and ducked under the propellers still spinning down. She scanned around quickly and then circled wide around the copter. Most animals would scatter from the buzzing of a quadcopter. The one exception would be a large rex, but she did not spot any in the immediate vicinity. She breathed a sigh of relief that they were safe, at least for the moment. She removed her helmet, tossed it aside, and turned her attention back to the copter. The others were out by then too, and James was examining it to find the damage.
“Here’s the damn problem.” James banged the side of the copter with an open hand, and a drum-like sound echoed through the woods. “Just like I fricking thought. A bullet hole through the bottom of the tank.”
Kat caught James’s eye. “Can’t it be patched?”
James shook his head. “Doesn’t matter. No extra fuel unless you’ve got a cannister of bio stuffed in that backpack of yours.” He sighed. “It looks like we’re on foot now.”
Kat stared off into the dense woods and didn’t like what she saw. It looked like it could hide just about anything.

Chapter 4

Kat peered up at the treetops around them. “I don’t think anyone should be able to see the copter unless they fly right over the top of this and look straight down.” She peered over toward the river. The copter could be seen from the river, but what were the chances of a boat going up the small tributary?
“I just don’t get it. Why the heck were they shooting at us?” James rubbed at the hole in the fuel tank as if he still couldn’t believe it was there.
“Whoever those people are, they think we saw something up at their camp they didn’t want us to see.”
“Like what?”
“No clue. But there had to be something for them to have shot at us and then send a copter after us? Believe me, they will come looking for us and not to hand out medals.”
“Yeah, got that. But there’s a lot of territory for them to cover down here. How much time will they really spend looking for us?”
“We downed their copter. Not to mention I shot one …” Kat just realized what she had done. She had shot the pilot. In the heat of the battle and getting down to the ground, she had not had time to think about it. But now it suddenly hit her.
“Hey, you okay?” James turned away from the fuel tank to face her.
“Yeah … I guess.” Kat stared down at the pistol in her hand. A numbness came over her. It wasn’t exactly her body; it was more like her soul had gone cold. She was in her body but out of it at the same time. “I’d never shot anyone before. Animals, yes. I killed plenty of animals. But … never shot a person before.”
“Don’t forget, they were shooting at us too.”
“Yeah, I know. And if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn’t hesitate to do what I did. But …”
“Yeah?”
“It just feels … weird. I don’t know. It just feels like I’m not me right now somehow.” Kat glanced up at James.
He stared back with soft eyes which held no judgement. He just listened.
Kat still felt like her body wasn’t her own, but she knew they had to act. She shook her head. “They’re not gonna give up anytime soon. We gotta get out of here.”
“Hey, even if they find my copter, we’ll long gone by then.”
“If they find it, they’ll know we survived, and it will make it a hell of lot easier for them to find us. They’ll know what side of the river we’re on. Narrows their search by half. And it will tell them where we started from, so they can better guess where we might be at.”
“We could skirt wide of them. They wouldn’t go that deep out into the prairie.”
“Yeah, but the rexes are more dangerous out there,” Kat said. Hiding places were harder to come by out on the grasslands. “Besides, it would double our time getting back, and it’s going to be a long hike as it is.”
“All right. You convinced me.” James turned back toward the quadcopter. “Lucky I performed such a skilled landing. Kept us all in one piece.” He leaned over the storage bin as Kat rolled her eyes. He had shown piloting skill, but she was not about to admit it to his face. He pulled out his backpack from the bin. Her parents already had their packs on their backs, having carried theirs inside the copter.
Kat shook her head after she glanced at her mother. Shorts and a short sleeve tee. She was going to get bitten. Her dad also wore a short sleeve tee, but at least he had on jeans. Thankfully, they both wore clothes in dull colors and had good hiking boots. Kat and James wore more practical clothing for the situation. Loose fitting long sleeve jackets and cargo pants that cinched around the ankles. Of course, how did any of them know they would be stuck on the ground so far from Ridgeback?
Kat reached into her bag and pulled out a bottle of bug spray. She tossed it to her mother. “You’re gonna be needing that more than the rest of us.” She turned toward James and scooted around next to him to look in the bin. “What else you got in there? A rifle, huh.”
“Yeah. A 308 semi with twenty round mag.”
Kat pulled out the rifle and looked it over. “Do you prefer this or your pistol?”
“I’ll keep my Glock. Give the rifle to your dad or your mom.”
Kat carried the rifle over and handed it to her mother before turning back to retrieve her own backpack from the copter.
“Hey, does he have another for me?” her dad asked.
“Sorry. And before you ask, she’s a better shot than you.” Kat shrugged.
“Did I ever tell you about how I took out a rex with a tractor once?”
“At least a dozen times.” Kat turned to him. “Look, I know you can shoot too, but Mom is really pretty darn good with a rifle.”
“Yeah.” Her dad sighed. “And you got her genes for that. But isn’t there anything you can give me? A pistol?”
Kat stepped over to the storage bin and pulled out a machete in its sheath.
“You got to be kidding me.” He reached for the blade’s handle anyway.
“So, it’s back to Mom?” Her mother turned a quizzical eye toward Kat.
“No, it’s still Mother to you. That was for Dad.”
Her mother shook her head and turned to follow Kat’s dad and James who had already set off through the trees. He took lead for the time being.
James set off at a rapid pace at first but slowed after a while when he saw Kat’s parents struggling to keep up. After a few hours they stopped to rest next to a small clear stream which flowed down from the ridge to their right through a ravine. Kat left the others and swept around the area to make sure it was safe. She wasn’t worried about the men from that campsite looking for them. It was the dinosaurs that had her on edge, especially the smaller rexes and the raptors.
When she returned to the stream, she found her parents resting on a log. James leaned against a tree, a hand resting on the pistol in his holster as he kept a watch on the area around them.
Her dad caught her eye. “How long do you think it will take us to get back?”
“To Ridgeback? Eight days, maybe. Unless we run into trouble of some sort. Or if Mother slows us down.”
“Don’t worry about me,” her mother said. “I won’t be holding anybody back.”
“It’ll probably be me, if anybody, that slows us down,” her dad said. 
Kat knew that wasn’t true, but she did not argue. “Everyone, make sure you drink enough. It’s hot out, and we’ll all be sweating. I have a small hand-pump filter in my pack and enough filters to last us at least ten days. So, drink up here, and we will refill our canteens before we leave.” She leaned over the little stream and pumped water into her half-empty canteen.
“Anyone else hear what I hear?” James’s head faced toward the north, a hand cupped over his ear. A faint buzzing sound grew from that direction.
“It’s gotta be their other copter.” Kat jumped to her feet. “There, behind that brush.” She pointed at the nearby thick green foliage. “Move.”
“What if it’s a rescue copter?” her mother said. “Maybe they heard James on the radio.”
“And if it’s not?” Kat grabbed her mother’s hand and pulled her toward the bushes.
“If it’s our rescue, I’ve a flare gun stashed in my pack. We can fire it if we’re wrong,” James said. “But I’d bet my copter on that not being our rescue. It would be way too soon for anyone to be looking.”
“Don’t mean to be rude, but your copter isn’t worth much at the moment,” Kat’s mom said.
“It’s fixable. Just needs a patch over the fuel tank.” James followed right behind Kat and her mom into the bushes. 
The buzzing grew louder until it seemed like the copter was almost right overhead—but not quite. Off to their left.
“There.” Kat’s dad pointed out over the river. “A black one.” 
“None flying out of Ridgeback are black. Both at that camp were though.” James frowned as he stuffed the flare gun back into his pack. They had all hoped it was a rescue copter, but Kat knew it was just wishful thinking. Even in the unlikely event of someone from Ridgeback coming out this far south looking for them, they would have run across the camp first, and they would likely have gotten shot at too.
Kat stepped out from behind the bushes, staring in the direction where the copter had disappeared. “Let’s get our canteens topped off so we can get back on the trail. We’ve a long ways to go.”
Ten minutes later they were back on the trail. Kat took lead this time, and James brought up the rear.
When the area around Brown’s Station on Earth Prime got swapped over for the same area on this world during the Rundcutt Incident that had originally stranded everyone from Brown’s Station onto this Earth, all the wildlife came with the town. Some transplanted animals quickly disappeared. Black bears and coyotes were among those while others, like foxes and raccoons, hung on. Some animals, such as squirrels and deer, even thrived and quickly expanded far beyond their original area.
Kat followed deer trails when she could on the sides of the hills that lined the valley. The trails were easy going and often wound along the sides of the ridge, parallel to the river. They usually were not too close to the top or bottom of the steep slope, and the slope was usually heavily wooded with tall trees. That meant fewer raptors which usually preferred more brushy areas or tall grass. And no rexes because the incline was too steep for them.
Kat halted. The hillside turned to the right, and the trail split in front of her. To the right, the trail followed the hillside back into a small valley. The other branch of the trail led straight ahead and down into the small valley. The small valley appeared to go back a mile or two while the open area across the mouth of the valley was maybe three hundred yards of open space between the trees that lined the sides. It was probably safer to follow to the right, but that path would add three or four miles to their journey compared to just going down and across.
Her parents and James caught up, and she explained her wariness of crossing the valley. How it was a natural ambush site for predators. James suggested a compromise. Follow the path to the right for a few hundred yards before turning off and climbing down the side of the hill. The distance across the open grass was less wide there, and rexes were more likely to be hidden in the trees back down near the mouth of the little valley. They followed James’s plan although it meant going down the hillside without an easy trail. The trek was over uneven ground, but they safely reached the valley at the bottom without anyone twisting an ankle.
The tall broad-trunked trees transitioned to shorter thinner ones and then to brush. Finally, the brush suddenly gave way to waist-high green grass covering the low flat part of the valley. When Kat reached the beginning of the grass, she stopped.
“Whoa!” She crouched so only her head remained above the seed spikes. The others crept behind her where they too could see the herd of a dozen hadros grazing on the grass a few hundred yards down from them, about where they would have crossed if they had taken the left path back up along the side of the ridge. Hadros were gentle herbivores that usually walked on four legs but ran on two. Their otherwise dull gray bodies were contrasted by the brilliant red and orange crests on their heads. Kat worried because where there were hadros, there were often predators too.
“Maybe we should just make camp back up along the side of this ridge,” James said. “Wait for the morning. By then I'm sure they’ll have moved along.”
“Maybe,” Kat said. “But I think we should rest here for a bit and see what happens.” Kat knew James worried as much as her about a rex hiding in the tree line across from them, waiting to ambush one of the hadros. If there was a rex, of course, it would be more than happy to settle for anyone foolish enough to walk right up to it. Besides, her parents needed a break from all the hiking. If the situation did not change in the next hour or so, they could hike back a few hundred yards and make camp for the night.
The hadros slowly moved on down the valley toward the river as they grazed. Kat watched the trees on the opposite side of the valley for any sign of movement.
“You see anything yet?” James continued to stare at the opposite wood line as well.
“Only the tops occasionally swayed by the breeze.” A rex jostling a few isolated trees would look different than the wind moving them.
“We should move out then.” James turned toward Kat. “That or turn back and make camp.”
“Dad, mother.” Kat rose to her feet. “We’re crossing.”
James closed behind her and lowered his voice. “When you gonna end this feud with your mom?”
“When she comes to her senses and apologizes.” Kat nearly shouted it but managed to keep her voice low.
“Have you considered perhaps she has a point?”
“Then she should make it.” Kat’s jaw clenched, and she was about ready to tell James to stay out of it.
“I’m falling back to take up the rear.” James left whispering range as Kat stomped forward.
She wasn’t really mad at James. She was still mad at her mother for being so obstinate though. Kat was older than her mother had been when she had married. Why couldn’t she just admit her little girl had grown up and was now leading her own life and had been for quite some time?
The tops of two trees ahead shook. Kat’s eyes went wide, and she chided herself for getting distracted. She dropped into a crouch and didn’t even look back. She knew the others would take her cue and drop down as well. One tree still swayed and then it stopped. Then another swayed. Something big definitely moved in the trees ahead, most likely a rex.
Kat remained crouched with James and her parents in the grass in the middle of the valley watching the trees. All remained silent. She was ready to yell at the first sight of the rex for them to all run back to the trees they had left. But the path of the trees swayed indicated the rex paralleled the tree line, heading toward the river. It still stalked the hadros. The swaying trees became farther and farther away, and then the danger had passed.
“Come on.” Kat waved forward and rose to her feet. “It’s gone. Let’s go.” She confidently marched toward woods ahead. Since there had been a rex where they were headed, and it was now gone, they could be sure there would not be any other surprises waiting for them there.
They did not stop at the wood line. Instead, Kat hurried them forward up the side of the ridge until they found a trail that traced along its side. There they stopped to rest for a while so her parents could catch their breaths before they all continued forward. 
Down along the wood line between 100 to 200 yards below them, the rex hid. They didn’t know if it was below them, if they had already passed it already, or if it was still ahead. They could not see it through the thick foliage, but they all knew it was there somewhere. They also knew it would not be able to climb the steep bank, and they were safe as long as they stayed up on the deer trail. Safe at least from the rex.
The red orb of the sun sat on the horizon when they stopped. Kat pulled four hammocks out of her pack and handed one to James and one to her dad. Then she turned and tossed one to her mother. The hammocks were of the latest tech, weighing only ounces and took up only about the volume of a soda can when rolled up. They had a cover that zipped up and sealed on the outside, providing some warmth and a windbreak. It also prevented rolling out of the hammock in the night.
“You always this prepared?” James eyed Kat as she strung hers up between two low branches of a nearby tree.
“Not the first time I’ve been stranded out here.” Kat thought she would have to be stupid not to be prepared since something like this had happened to her before. A professor had once told her stupid people repeated the same mistakes. Average people learn from their mistakes. Smart people learn from the mistakes of others. And a genius knows what can go wrong before anyone else has even thought about the problem. He then challenged her on what type of person she was. According to his system, she ranked as “average” on this issue. On other issues she vowed to try to be smarter.
Everyone else put up their hammocks while Kat gathered a big pile of sticks and branches. James soon joined in gathering the firewood, and they had a small fire burning before long. They had discussed it and figured the men north of them were not about to be wandering around looking for them with spinos, raptors, and rexes prowling in the dark, but the flames would keep those same dinos away since they all were pyrophobic.
Kat’s mother passed out protein bars to everyone. Kat chewed on one as she stared upward. There were a few gaps in the trees, but she couldn’t spot any stars.
“By now those back on Ridgeback will know we haven’t returned,” her dad said.
“Doesn’t matter.” Kat sat by the fire and poked at it with a stick. She had the first watch, making sure the flames didn’t go out. “They won’t look this far south.”
“My dad might.” James rolled in his hammock. “He won’t give up as long as he thinks there’s a chance.”
Kat had heard the stories of how James’s father had not given up and had relentlessly searched for his wife when she went missing right after their town had first been transported into this universe. That added a new worry for Kat. If his search carried him down to those who shot down their quadcopter, he could end up in serious trouble.
 
Chapter 5

Pop!
Kat woke with a start. What had awoken her sure sounded like a pistol shot. The sun hadn’t yet risen, and only a dim twilight revealed the world around her. She twisted her head toward the orange embers left of the campfire. It took a moment for her to remember James had been assigned the last shift watching the fire. But he was nowhere in sight.
She listened for sounds in the woods. As she peered around, her dad’s probing eyes peeked out from his hammock. He had heard it too.
The sound of leaves rustling came from behind her. She wriggled to glance over her shoulder and was relieved to see James approaching. Not that she thought it was anyone else; she was just wary.
He marched into camp, one arm swinging a greenback by its legs at his side. “Sorry, if I woke you.” He set the small turkey-sized dino down on the ground. “Saw him back up the trail about a hundred yards and thought ‘now there’s breakfast.’ So, I snuck up real close and nailed him.”
“We’ve got a hundred guys chasing after us, and you’re popping caps off into the air?” Kat said.
“Relax.” James tossed sticks onto the embers. “Pistol shots don’t carry that far, and those guys are miles from here, probably still snoozing anyhow.”
“Maybe. But we still need to be careful about drawing attention to ourselves.” Kat unzipped her hammock bag and swung out. “I’ll help with that.”
Between the two of them, they quickly got the greenback defeathered and strips of meat roasting over a resurrected fire. As fat dripped onto the fire, Kat’s parents finally unzipped their hammocks and warmed themselves next to the flames. They all soon started picking at the strips of meat. 
“This feels so good,” Kat’s mother said, waving her hands in front of the embers. “Loosening all my sore muscles.”
“Dang it, mother. When did you get to be so out of shape?”
“When I got old too soon from raising a …” Her mom stopped when her dad put an arm over her shoulder. 
“Someday, you’ll get old too.” Her dad winked at Kat.
“Oh, come on. Neither of you are that old yet,” Kat said. “Just out of shape.”
Her mom glanced at her. “Yeah,” she muttered and went back to picking at the strip of meat in her hand.
Kat peered at her mother. Had she just handed out a concession? “Here.” Kat handed over another strip of meat. “You need to eat to keep up your strength.” She glanced at her dad. “Both of you. We have a long hike ahead us.”
They smothered the fire with dirt, packed up their hammocks and got back on the trail. The air was humid, and moisture stuck to their bodies as they hiked. The wind soon picked up and whipped the tops of the treetops around. The canopy above them mostly blocked the wind from reaching its full force on the ground, but it whistled through the leaves high above like a teapot forgotten on a stove. They caught an occasional glimpse of the sky through open patches in the trees. Gray clouds hung low and whipped past, seemingly almost brushed by the treetops that waved back and forth.
They were about an hour north from where they had made camp when lightning flashed somewhere to the south. Thunder rumbled up the valley, and still more lightning flashed off in the distance.
James stared for a moment toward the south before shouting over the wind, “We need to find somewhere to shelter before that storm gets here.”
Kat agreed. Heavy rain was going to fall soon. She glanced up at the treetops buffeted by the wind before peering up and down the trail. She pointed. “Up ahead, where it bends. We’ll shelter once we get past that.” The winds came from the south. A north-facing slope would at least provide a little protection from the wind.
Kat holstered her pistol and trotted ahead until she spotted what she thought was about as good a spot as could be expected. It had a little less of a slope than the areas adjacent to it, so rain runoff would tend to go around it for the most part. 
She ran a cord between two trees before her dad caught up to her. The cord, tied on one end near the base of a tree, ran downhill to a second tree and tied off higher on the tree, but lower in elevation than the first tree. She set her dad to the task of cutting sticks for stakes. Her mother and James caught up and three of them got a thin transparent plastic sheet draped over the cord and tied down to the stakes. Meanwhile above them, the sky grew darker, and the tops of the trees swayed wildly back and forth.
By the time Kat tied down the last corner to their shelter, scattered droplets of rain splattered the leaves around her. It wasn’t a fine mist. The drops were large balls that fell like mini-water bombs, but they still only came down sporadically.
Kat scooted under the taut clear plastic, joining the others who had already taken shelter under it. They all leaned back on their elbows against the inclined slope and stared upward. 
A strong gust burst over the ridgetop, carrying brown curled leaves and small sticks. Most flew past. A few settled temporarily against the plastic before they too were blown away by yet another gust. The plastic rattled furiously with each gust. If it tore free, they would be exposed to the full fury of the tempest. Above them, the tops of the trees whipped around as if they were streamers caught in the wind. The trunks of the trees creaked and groaned as if in pain.
Crack! A large branch broke free and plummeted toward the ground. It crashed a short distance away, and Kat’s mother screeched in surprise. She pushed tighter against her husband for protection. Scattered raindrops made the top of the plastic wet and blurred the view through it. Still, Kat stared at the blurry tops of the trees above them. If one of the trees (or even a large bough) cracked and fell on them, it would likely crush them.
The first sheet of rain came down like a waterfall, its force causing the cord holding up their shelter to bow under the added weight of all the water. The squall passed, followed a few seconds later by another blast of water pellets against the plastic.
The wind suddenly decreased in intensity. The treetops still swayed above them, but the trunks stopped groaning. The rain transitioned from sheets to a steady rainfall, and soon the wind died, allowing the rain to drop nearly straight down. But it came down heavy.
The uphill side of their shelter became muddy despite the runoff mostly going around the area. Everyone scooted close to the lower mouth of their shelter and sat. From there they watched as the rain pounded the ground and listened as a river suddenly formed and raced down the ravine in front of them. The storm’s intensity let up after an hour. Still another hour passed before the rain finally stopped.
Kat peeked her head out and peered up at the sky, still gray but a lighter shade than before, through gaps in the leaves. Her dad stepped out from under the plastic. He slipped on the muddy bank, and he threw out his arms before falling flat on his bottom.
Kat burst out laughing and stepped forward to give him a hand. Her foot slid forward, and she fell flat onto her bottom too. The others initially laughed at her also, but the laughter ceased when her slide continued. She picked up speed as she reached a steeper stretch. Ahead loomed a long drop.
She flung out her arms. Her hands scraped up mud as still she slid. Then one caught a tree root exposed by the rain. The root held as her slide jerked to a stop. She peered over the edge of the drop below her at the rocks fifteen feet down.
She craned her head back at the others. They were not laughing now.
“You all right?” her mom asked.
“Fine,” she chuckled as her arm caught a new root to pull herself away from the edge.
“Why’re you laughing?” her dad asked. “You could have gotten seriously hurt.”
“Laughing at myself. My own stupidity. Saw you slip, and what do I do? The same damn thing.”
Her mother stared at her with what appeared to be concern as Kat climbed back up to the shelter.
They got the plastic taken down and folded up, and they started back on the trail. The heavy rain made the path muddy and slippery, so they cut up a few of the fallen branches that littered the path to use as walking sticks. In places, the path had been washed out by runoff, and they carefully traversed across or around those sections.
By late afternoon their clothes had dried out, although Kat’s pants, and well as her dad’s, were caked with dried mud. They descended down into a valley with mostly knee-high grass. Charred stumps in places indicated there had once been a woods across the valley which had burned down sometime in recent years. Since even saplings were absent, there must have been a fire in the last year or two, but it was impossible to say whether that was the fire that had burned the woods, or it was just the most recent grass fire.
Kat stopped at the last of the trees that stood on the side of the slope and scanned across the valley. Her parents and James caught up to her.
Her dad leaned against a tree and breathed heavily as he stared across the valley. “Any sign of rexes?”
“Not that I can see. Hadros up that way though.” Kat pointed toward where the herd grazed about a half-mile to the right of the spot straight across from them.
“What do you think? Safe to cross?” Her dad stared at the hadros.
“Yeah,” Kat said. “If there are any rexes, they’re hiding closer to those hadros. As long as they stay where they are, we’ll be fine.” 
 Her mother and James pulled up to the tree line, and her mother sat down on the grass and then lay back.
“You all right?” Her dad kneeled next to her and placed a hand on her shoulder.
“I’m all right,” she said between heavy breaths. She pushed herself back up to sitting. “Kat was right though. I’m definitely out of shape.”
Kat caught her mother’s eye and nodded. “Okay, sit there and rest for a bit then. I’m going to head across and make sure it’s safe.” Kat turned to James. “If I don’t start running back by the time I’m halfway, you can start across.”
James nodded, and Kat turned to the trail. It was a deer trail across the valley. Hadros sometimes made trails through wooded sections, but they didn’t make trails across grassland. They fanned out over it. The trail was less distinct than on the side of the ridge. Apparently, the deer in the area didn’t cross the valley nearly as often as they just stuck to the wooded ridges. Kat glanced up at the sky. It had gotten darker again and threatened more rain. She figured they should stop and make a camp once they reached the ridge north of the valley. The grass along the trail was still wet from the earlier rain, and soon her pants were soaked up to her knees. That was of little concern to her though. Once they got a fire going in the camp, her legs would dry. Maybe they would dry sooner if the sun were out, but it hadn’t made an appearance all day and didn’t seem likely to anytime soon. If anything, there would be more rain.
Kat came upon a stream with a bed cut down below the level of the valley, and she hopped down into it. It appeared the stream level was up as the water was stained brown, but she did not go in deeper than her thighs as she waded across. The bank on the other side had been undercut in the past by higher floods. She wondered if the levels were rising now. Perhaps by morning, the stream would not be as easy to cross.
She climbed up the bank and stared at the wood line in front of her. Mostly small thin willows, barely more than saplings, until the slope got steeper as it rose toward the ridgetop. The willows were too small to hide a rex of any size, so she marched forward. She glanced back and noted her parents and James had started across.
She continued forward until she reached the saplings with their two to three-inch trunks. She had been right. No rexes hid there, nor any raptors. She turned back toward the others and backtracked a bit so that she had a better view up the valley.
“Oh, crap!” She shouted as she spotted hadros charging straight at her. A stampede, and that meant either raptors or a rex had spooked them. If she stayed where she stood, there was a good chance her body would get crushed. She had to move. Returning back to the stand of saplings was an option, but there was no hesitation. She raced across toward her parents and James.
Seeing her run toward them, they halted for a moment until Kat shouted out for them to keep running and waved them forward. She met them about halfway between the stream and the willows. Meanwhile, the fleeing hadros thundered past behind her. 
Kat had hoped whatever had spooked the hadros had ambushed one of them. No such luck, though, as a rex appeared to her left trotting around the bend in the valley. It was not going to catch any of the hadros now that they had been alerted to its presence, but it lumbered in their direction, nonetheless. Perhaps to take up a new ambush position, but then it saw them.
“Hurry up,” Kat urged as she stared back at the monster now definitely coming for them.
They raced for the willows. She held back and urged her mother to run faster. Kat glanced ahead and realized the thin sticks would barely slow the rex down. They would not be safe until they reached the tall trees at the base of the ridge. They weren’t all going to make it in time. 
“Keep running!” she yelled and promptly took a sharp left.
“What are you doing?” James yelled as he continued to run and pull her parents forward.
“Just go! I’ll catch up,” she shouted back. 
“Kat,” her dad shouted, “run for the trees.”
She ignored his warning and dashed toward mouth of the valley and the big river beyond it. The rex continued straight for her. It did not veer for her parents and James. Kat had counted on it. Rexes attacked the stray animals in a herd whether it was because it was easier to track a single animal or because lone animals were often the old or sick of a herd.
Kat ran and realized she was lucky it was not a small rex. A smaller one would have been faster and caught her by now. Still, it gained on her, edging closer. She glanced back and saw only huge jaws filled with long yellowed teeth dripping saliva. The beast’s head was enormous.
Ahead, a line of bushes marked the end of the valley, and the Mississippi flowed past somewhere just beyond. They would provide no protection from the rex, but tall cottonwood trees lined the edge of the river just past and to the right of the bushes. If she could reach the trees, an escape could be found by dashing back and forth between them.
She reached the bushes, and the rex abruptly stopped. Kat saw why a moment later and ducked down into the prickly sticks, scratching her face.
A large spino with an enormous sail-like fin on its back craned its long toothy snout in Kat’s direction. She was trapped between two truly giant monsters. Her hand rested on the holster on her thigh, but her Glock would be useless in the situation. And she knew it.
The spino snarled, squared around toward the rex, and raised itself onto its hind legs. Its long dragon-like tail, now held out rigid, conveyed the anger the beast must have felt. Or maybe it was fear. 
The rex took one last step forward and raised its enormous head high. Spittle flew from its tongue and teeth and rained down on Kat as it roared. The two dinosaurs were squared with each other, each seemed intent on claiming dominance and priority over its prey, Kat, who now hid in the thick bushes. If either dinosaur had been hunting her alone, she would have been sniffed out. But they had to contend with each other.
The spino roared back at the rex in a higher pitch. Neither dinosaur appeared eager to actually engage in a fight though. Although usually not direct competitors, both were apex predators. Yet a fight between them could wound even the victor badly enough to be fatal later. Somehow, they both seemed to sense that, and both showed restraint. Maybe fear. 
Kat stayed low but slowly crept along between the prickly bushes, getting more scratches on her face and hands. The two giants stood tall and roared and screamed above her loud enough, it hurt her ears.
She glanced back. The spino still stood in the shallow water where it was most comfortable. The rex remained on the high ground above the spino. 
Then a buzzing noise came from up the river and steadily grew louder. A speedboat headed downriver, but it suddenly slowed and veered toward her. The men in the boat wore the same camo uniforms as those from the camp on the sandbar, the ones who had shot at her. And these now came toward her.
She pulled out her pistol as the boat slowed and stopped, although their engine still idled. She let out her breath. They had not spotted her. They had veered off to watch the face-off between the two behemoth dinosaurs. She still held her pistol as she peered through the bushes at the soldiers. There was no cellular reception this far from Ridgeback, but that didn’t stop one of the soldiers from pulling out a phone and recording the dinosaurs.
She didn't know how long she could just sit there though. Eventually the spino or the rex would take interest in her again. Even if she escaped them, their interest in her would likely draw the attention of those in the boat.
She slipped her pistol back into her holster and crept to the right, angling toward the trees. She kept making a path deep enough in the bushes so as not to be seen by either of the dinosaurs or the soldiers.
She reached the end of the bushes though. The nearest of the trees were only fifteen yards away, but there was only open space between her and the trees. If she dashed for them, the soldiers would be sure to spot her. She waited and hoped the dinosaurs would forget about her. 
Thunder rumbled off in the distance to the west. It was not an immediate threat of a storm, but it seemed to draw the attention of the spino which craned its head away from the rex. It snarled toward the west—which just happened to be the direction where the boat with the soldiers floated.
Between the spino’s attention on them and the distant threat of another storm, the soldiers apparently decided it was time to get out of there. The boat’s motor roared back to life, and they sped away north back up the river.
The moment they were out of sight, Kat dashed across to the nearest tall tree and dodged behind its trunk. She peeked back at the two dinosaurs.
The rex and spino both craned their heads in her direction. They had spotted her sudden dash to the trees. But then the spino craned its head back toward the rex and screeched again. The rex turned its gigantic head and roared once more at the spino, but then it turned and lumbered off in the other direction.
Kat was already dashing between the trees, heading for the ridge. She glanced back. The spino stared in her direction but did not pursue her. Either the fishing had been good, or it knew it didn’t have a chance of catching her. She slowed down to a walking pace and caught her breath.
Now she just had to figure out where James and her parents had gone before the rain started to fall again and hopefully not run into any more trouble along the way.
 
Chapter 6

The sky rapidly grew darker, and Kat glanced back. The spino had disappeared. They always left rivers or lakes before electrical storms. How did the creatures know they would become lightning rods in the water? Lightning flashed across the river. The distant shore appeared hazy; the rain had already begun to fall over there, but the storm was coming her way. 
She turned her head back forward and drew her Glock back out before she hurried onward. Her pistol would have been useless against the rex or spino, but she was concerned about what smaller dangerous dinosaurs, especially raptors, might lie ahead.
By the time she found the deer trail again, light rain fell all around her, pattering the leaves on the trees and the top of her head. She didn’t think it would matter with her already damp clothes, but it did. Her arms and back began to feel soggy. She turned onto the trail and hurried to catch up.
The trail split several times, but she kept to the most level path leading forward, figuring it was what James and her parents would have done. The rain fell harder, and she wondered why James had not stopped her parents and sought out a shelter—especially since it would be dark soon. Perhaps he had, and she had somehow passed them not knowing it. Perhaps under one of the thick fir trees she had passed. Wouldn't they have called out to her though? 
She stopped and scanned ahead and then behind her. Where could they be? Could they have run into trouble? Surely, she should have seen signs of it. She considered backtracking to see if she had somehow missed them.
“James!” She yelled at the top of her lungs.
“Kat!” James yelled back a moment later. “Up here!”
Kat let out a sigh of relief before she turned and climbed toward where she heard James call out. Twenty yards up, she came upon them.
“In here,” her dad said. “Get out of that nasty rain.”
The three had taken the upper deer path and had found a cave. It only went seven or eight feet back into the sandstone bluff, about the same in width at the mouth, and maybe five feet high at the mouth, but it was more than enough for them to sit back up in it and stay dry.
“Your mom’s idea.” Her dad waved at the path just below them. “She saw the path looked like it went close to these bluffs and thought there might be caves like this up here. We thought we’d hear you go past and could call out to you. But you’re so darn quiet in the woods we’d never have heard you if you hadn’t called to us.”
“Saw a boat while I was trying to get away from the dinos,” Kat said. “With more of them soldiers.”
“Mm.” Her dad stared out at the trees below. “So, they’re still looking for us.”
“Yeah, looks like it,” Kat said. “Doubtful they’d use a boat to look for their own copter. They must think we’re not dead yet.”
“Or least they’re not sure.” James stared at Kat. “You’re shivering. I’m gonna get some firewood.” James stepped out into the rain. 
Her mother handed her a protein bar. Kat gave her a flicker of a smile and accepted the food. A short while later, James returned with an armful of broken sticks and small logs. He split a few with the machete and cut off dry splinters from the interior of the wood. Soon he had a small fire flickering at the mouth of their little cave. Kat huddled up close to the little flames as she stared out at the rain falling just beyond. It fell harder as the sun disappeared, and James commented on how he was glad he had gathered firewood when he did. Her dad commented how he was thankful they had the cave for the night. The fire hissed with the occasional splatter from when some of the bigger drops splashed down near the glowing embers.  
After a while Kat rotated around to roast her other side. She volunteered for the first shift of watching the fire while James and her parents crawled toward the back of the cave and tried to get some sleep. In the light from the fire, steam rose from Kat’s pants, but at least her legs felt warm.

Morning came, and Kat found only her dad, who had the last shift watching the fire, was up before her. Her clothes had dried, and the day already promised to be less damp, at least from the sky. She stretched and tried to work out tight spots in her back and in her legs, but knots remained. The cave may have been dry, but it had not been comfortable for sleeping. 
“Keep the fire going for a bit,” she said and then left. 
She returned a short time later and found James and her mother had woken in the interval. She raised what she had caught out in front of her.
Her mother jumped back in a start. “Get those darn things away from me.”
“What? These scare you?” Kat held them up again and out toward her mother.
“Too early in the morning for rattlesnakes in the camp,” her mother said. “Jeez, you didn’t even cut the heads off of them. Sure they’re dead?”
“Left the heads on so there would be no blood trail for raptors to pick up on.” Kat squatted and beheaded the snakes, flicking the heads into the fire. “Snake meat’s not my favorite either, but anything we can catch and cook, we should.” Kat paused in skinning the first snake and pointed her blade at her mother’s pack. “Your protein bars are not going to last all the way back, and with this lousy weather, we already lost a day.”
“Well, they’re still gross,” her mother said.
“Come on. It’s meat. We all need to get protein in us.” Kat threaded a thin stick through the first snake. “If it bothers you, though, I’ll eat your share, and you can eat one of your bars. All right?”
Her mother made a gesture toward the first snake roasting above the fire. “I’ll let you know once I see it cooked. Maybe it won’t seem so bad then.” 

A short while later, they buried the still red embers, broke camp, and got back on the trail. The path was still slippery, but they had their sticks from the day before to aid in hiking.
The ridge wound northward for miles. At times they came upon valleys, but each was small and wooded and easily crossed without incident. Around mid-morning they came upon a larger valley. It too was mostly wooded and appeared not to be problematic in crossing until they reached the middle of the valley. A river, now brown from flooding, blocked their path forward. It wasn’t actually all that wide, but the current was very swift.
“We can’t cross this.” James hands were on his hips as he stared at the roiling waters.
“He’s right,” Kat’s dad said. “Maybe we should just retreat to higher ground and wait until the level goes down.”
Kat shook her head as she stared at the river. “The river’s going to rise before it goes down again. Could be days before this river’s even back to where it’s at now.”
“Kat’s right,” her mom said. “We can’t wait here that long.”
Kat glanced at her mom. “It’s not that wide. We could toss our packs across and swim.”
“That current’s too strong,” her dad said. “Probably even for you and James. Certainly for your mother and I.”
“If I get across, I can toss a rope—” 
“Kat,” James said, “we should follow the river upstream. Maybe find a better place where we can cross.”
“Fine,” Kat said. She was pretty sure she could make it across, but perhaps there was an easier crossing. It added time to their getting back though. She was going to have to start bringing more than just a couple of snakes to their dinners. “I’ll take lead.”
As she rounded the first bend, she suggested crossing there. James and her parents said there had to be a better spot somewhere ahead. So, she marched onward through the thick grass which grew next to the river. The grass found space next to the river where the trees couldn’t hog all the sunlight, and the blades had reached thigh height.
A thundering roar from ahead suddenly shattered the serenity of the woods. Kat immediately ducked into a crouch and peered through the grass toward the direction of the sound. It had definitely come from a rex, but she relaxed a tad when she couldn’t see signs of it or feel it's footsteps coming for them. Besides, rexes didn't roar when stalking prey. 
She glanced back at the others. They had also ducked into a crouch and squinted at her for answers. She gave a little shrug. They knew as much as she did. She signaled for them to keep down and stay still, and then she turned back toward direction from which the roaring had come. She neither heard nor saw anything further for a while as she slowly crept through the tall grass.
A bellowing suddenly came from ahead which she knew meant a pentatops in trouble. Staying low, she hurried forward until she could see the rex. The monster stood across and upriver from her on a flat grassy area free of trees.
Kat gave a loud whistle to the others to come forward. Rexes did not hear high pitches like whistles, or, if they did, they did not distinguish them from bird calls. The others caught up to her as she eased forward for a better view of what was happening.
The grassy area with the dinosaurs was on the inside bend of the river, and a muddy three-foot bank separated the grass from the river. As she got closer, a second rex became visible.
The two rexes were working together, and they had trapped the pentatops against the fast-flowing river. Pentatops were like triceratops, except they had two extra spikes coming off their shields pointing outward like the hands of a clock at ten after ten. Kat wondered how the beast had gotten separated from its herd. Normally, they traveled in small herds for protection. Perhaps this one was ill or had some type of injury. Regardless, it was now doomed. If it were up against a single rex, it might be able to hold its own. But not against two full-grown rexes. The only advantage it had was the bend in the river which prevented the rexes from attacking from opposite directions as they so often liked to do.
The rex to the left leaned in and snapped its enormous jaws downward. Large sword-like teeth flashed, gleaming like gold, in the sunlight. The pentatops turned its broad shield and two long forward-facing spikes toward its attacker. The rex stopped short and withdrew its snout. The second rex stepped forward, but the pentatops turned its defenses back in that direction, and the rex also pulled up short of the sharp spikes.
The aggressive lunges by the rexes forced the pentatops back, and then a rear leg slipped off the edge of the bank. Its other rear leg fell to its knee while the thick leg over the edge kicked in an attempt to regain a footing.
The rexes saw the misstep and both lunged forward. One of the rexes clamped down with its jaws around one of the forward-facing spikes while the other reached its jaws behind the shield of the pentatops. Its loud squeal reverberated through the low woodlands. Then the rex with a grip on the neck squeezed down with the most powerful bite of any creature on any of the Earths. A cracking noise like that of a large tree branch snapping signaled the pentatop’s end. Its neck now broken, its squealing ceased. One back leg, hanging over the edge and into the river, quivered, and then it too was still.
The first rex unclamped its jaws from the pentatop’s neck while the other rex released the spike, and the head of the pentatops collapsed. The first rex raised its head and craned it one direction and then the other. Then it did what rexes always did after a major kill. It emitted a thunderous roar, deafening even across the river where Kat and the others covered their ears. Whether such roaring was a warning to other predators, telling them to stay away, or it was a celebration of the kill, nobody really knew for sure. But the booming announcement from the rex was going to also attract smaller predators. 
“Come on,” Kat said. “We gotta get out of here before raptors come.” Once the rexes were done, the raptors would sneak in and clean off the meat the rexes would leave on the skull and on the larger bones too big for the rexes to crush. And the raptors would feed on the small pieces the rexes left behind. When it came to large meals, rexes were sloppy eaters.
As she rose, one of rexes raised its bloody snout out from the belly of the pentatops and stared at her for a moment. It grunted and dug into snout back down into the dead dinosaur. Kat was sure it had just warned her to stay away from its meal.
She led as they circled around to the right. Staying clear of the tall grass by the river, they hiked for a stretch across the dead wet leaves on the woodland floor instead. She hoped not to meet any raptors. If they did, they would likely have to use their guns. Even if the group’s exact location weren’t given to the soldiers, it would give an approximate position and tell them someone was still alive in the woods.
Kat stepped soundlessly across the woodland floor. James hardly made a sound either, but her parents occasionally stepped on and cracked a stick or rustled leaves with their feet. Kat halted and waited for them to catch up to her.
She whispered, “Mom, will you please pick up your feet. You’re going to get the attention of raptors if you don’t.”
“Yes, dear,” her mother whispered with a little smile on her face.
Kat turned back and resumed hiking. It hit her that she had called her mother “Mom.” That was why her mother smiled. Kat wondered if she had just inadvertently handed her mother an olive branch. She had no time to think about it though.
A movement to her right caught her attention, and she froze. She glanced back at the others and subtly pointed in the direction of the movement. 
The snap of a stick came from farther back and to the left of where she had spotted the movement. At least two of them. Kat could not yet rule out juvenile rexes, but she suspected the unseen dinos were more likely to be raptors since they moved toward the river where the rexes had killed the pentatops. Juvenile rexes generally try to avoid adult rexes.
After a couple of minutes, Kat continued forward, hoping the raptors didn’t pick up their scent trail. They usually didn’t unless there were dogs along, but sometimes they did anyway. A bigger concern was the raptors would come to the river and be forced to turn one way or the other in an attempt to find a way across. A fifty-fifty chance the raptors would turn their direction.
Around the next bend in the river, a huge tree had toppled over and spanned across most of the river. Although the tree was mostly horizontal, its roots still firmly gripped into the riverbank. A pair of large boughs pointed straight down into the river and supported the weight of the tree. Although ultimately doomed, the tree was still alive and covered with leaves. The tree did not span the whole river, but another large tree fallen a long time before from somewhere upriver had been pushed by the flow, possibly by the current flood, until it had jammed into the gap. The second tree was now long dead, but its bark-free trunk appeared solid enough.
“Come on.” Kat waved her parents and James to follow. “We need to get across before those raptors find us.”
“That’s what these are for.” James waved his pistol.
“Kat’s right,” her dad said. “Only as a last resort, or those men will be on us.”
“I’m not afraid of those bastards,” James said. “Let them come.”
“My dad always told me,” her dad said, “running to a fight is not a sign of courage if its one you don’t have to fight.”
“Wasting time,” Kat said. “Let’s go.” She climbed down the bank and stepped out onto the horizontal tree and walked along it like a cat. Occasionally, she stuck a hand outward to a vertical branch for balance, but she quickly reached near the end where the trunk curved downward into the river. She removed the pack from her back and carefully heaved it ahead to the far bank before she glanced back, checking for any raptors sneaking up on them. Satisfied they were safe for the time being, she lowered herself to sitting on the tree trunk, and then she slid her feet toward the second tree. Her toes dangled for a moment before they caught onto the other tree’s trunk. The trunk bobbed a little as she placed her weight on it, but it stayed above water. Water gurgled as it rushed under the floating log.
“We’re gonna have to do this one at a time,” Kat said. Her parents and James had already climbed down onto the first tree. It dipped a bit but held their combined weight.
Kat let go of the first tree, stretched out her arms for balance, and quickly tiptoed across the trunk to the far bank before she spun around.
“And that’s the way it’s done.” She threw out her arms and took a bow.
“Guess that’s why you’re in show biz,” James chuckled.
Her mother reached the end of the first tree and tried to mimic Kat’s technique. Like her daughter, she tossed her pack ahead but nearly lost her balance with the throw, clinging onto a vertical branch to stabilize herself. Kat caught the pack and dropped it to the ground. Her mother handed the rifle to James before she carefully sat herself down. Her feet stretched out until they reached the second tree. She slid the rest of her weight down onto the dead trunk, and it bobbed down and then back up.
Her first shoe slid off the slippery log, and she lost her balance. Her other foot shot out away from her, and she fell backward upstream of the dead log. She went under with a loud splash. 
Bobbing up on the other side of the dead tree, she yelled out a curse as the current quickly pulled her along. Her hand reached a small branch from the live tree. But the current pulled on her, and the branch broke, leaving her clutching a handful of leaves.
Kat hesitated for a moment in shock, realizing her mother was in deep trouble. Kat scrambled for her pack and pulled out a long thin rope.
Her mother tried to swim to shore. But the current spun her around and carried her swiftly downriver despite her efforts. It was all she could do to just keep her head above water.
Kat dashed downriver in chase. She finally caught up and tossed the rope, but she hadn’t accounted enough for how fast the current carried her mother. The rope landed behind her, and she didn’t even see it. Kat retrieved the rope while the river swept her mother away. 
Ahead, large trees right up against the river blocked Kat’s access to tossing the rope again. She was almost on the verge of panicking as her mother disappeared. The river gurgled somewhere ahead even though the river immediately in front curved to the left away from Kat. It had to loop back. She raced through the woods to get ahead of her mother, receiving fresh scratches from the brush.
Kat saw the river again, and her mother appeared from around the bend, still caught in the strong current. She now thrashed and her head went under water.
Then a roar boomed from across the water. Ahead, the river curved again to the left and partway around the next bend, the two rexes stood over the pentatops. One had craned its head, and it stared directly at Kat. The roar was a warning to her to stay away from their meal, but she had no intention of getting any closer. Then she spotted two gators against the shore below the pentatops. Perhaps, they too hoped to get leftovers. But if her mother went thrashing past them, would she get their attention? Would her head even still be above the river?
Kat turned back to her mother. She was being carried along mighty fast. There would most likely be only one more chance to toss the rope. It had to done right. Kat inched as close to edge of the bank as she dared and swung her arm around in an arc. The rope flew a second time.
“Grab on,” she  yelled.
It splashed in front of her mother as her head came back up. She lunged out and grabbed it. The slack disappeared in a flash, and Kat dug in her heals—surprised by how hard the river pulled on the rope. Rather than pulling her mother toward her, it was all she could do to just hung on. Meanwhile, the current pushed against her mother and swung her toward the shore.
When she was finally against the bank of the river, Kat dropped her end of the rope and raced down to where her mother clung on to the grass of the bank. 
“Grab my hand.” Kat reached out over the bank. Her mother shot a hand up and grabbed onto the outstretched arm. Kat pulled. After a short while her mother flopped up onto the high bank and collapsed onto her stomach. She lay there and panted.
One of the rexes appeared to feel threatened they might be trying to steal its meal, and it took two strides toward them.
“We better get out of here.” Kat grabbed her mother’s elbow and helped her to her feet. By then her dad and James had caught up to them. They all retreated back toward where they had crossed to retrieve their packs. Her dad and James sat themselves on an old pentatops skull which had been picked clean a long time before. Kat noticed her dad was soaking wet like her mom. He had stepped onto the same spot on the log in a rush to help and had fallen into the river too. But he had managed to hang onto the log and had pulled himself across to the shore.
“Looks like you found another one you can put on your map of found skulls.” Grinning, Kat glanced down at the skull before returning to James’s face.
“Yeah,” James said. “If we ever make it back.”
“None of this ‘if’ talk,” her dad said. “Of course, we’re all gonna make it back.”
Kat’s grin faded as she stared off into the woodland to the north. She hoped her dad was right, but they still had a long way to go. 
 

Chapter 7

Kat maintained a slow and cautious pace away from the swollen river and across the rest of the valley. Her mom was exhausted from her near drowning, but Kat primarily held their pace down because she was wary of any raptors that might have been drawn into the area looking to clean up after the rexes were done.
The woodland floor was clear of undergrowth for the most part. There were spots, though, where more than one large tree had fallen close together sometime in the past, leaving openings through the canopy to the woodland floor. Bushes had grown thick in those places; the vegetation vying for the light that had suddenly become available. In a few years, young trees would grow tall, and one or two would eventually emerge king, depriving the rest of the brush and smaller trees in the temporary oases of sunlight. Until then, the bushes were good ambush sites for dinosaurs, and Kat avoided them as much as possible. Her pistol hung loosely at her side in her hand, ready to be used in an instant. 
Kat had led to where the ground had just started to slope up to the next ridgeline when a twig snapped off to her right. She spun in the direction toward where the sound originated and popped up her Glock. Nothing moved there but a few thick bushes which stood thirty yards away. The sound could have been a hidden raptor stepping on a stick in there. Or it could have been just a squirrel or a greenback.
Kat pointed her pistol skyward and spun her head at the same time to scan the other direction. It was a habit derived from knowing raptors, like rexes, sometimes attacked from more than one direction. 
Sure enough, a raptor jumped out from a bush on that side and sprinted straight at James’s back. The dino’s legs were almost a blur. Each stride carried it closer and closer to him.
Kat lowered her pistol out in front of her as she squared her shoulders. Taking quick aim, she squeezed off a round. She released the trigger and squeezed again. She fired a third round, but she knew by the time she had squeezed the trigger, the first one had done its job.
It had ripped through the shoulder and lodged somewhere near the spine. The raptor’s legs did a stutter step and then stopped moving, but its body kept going forward as a second bullet blew through its outstretched neck. With no leg support, gravity dragged the raptor down, and it crashed, sliding forward across the wet leaves littering the ground.
James spun, raising his pistol, to face the raptor sliding toward him. The dead dino stopped short as James pointed his pistol down at the limp dinosaur a few feet away.
Kat raised her sidearm skyward as she scanned around for more raptors. One appeared out of the bushes where they had first heard the twig snap. 
Kat lowered her Glock toward the raptor, but she did not squeeze the trigger as the dinosaur made a sharp left and sprinted away from them. It must have watched the other raptor fall, and it had decided humans were not such good prey after all.
Kat raised her pistol once again and scanned around but did not spot any more threats. She lowered her sidearm to her side and strode back to the dead raptor laying at James’s feet.
“Crap!” James swore. “Think they heard that?” He meant the soldiers.
“Maybe.” Kat bent over the raptor. “Depends on how close and whether they have a boat motor running.”
“We should get moving,” her dad said.
But Kat did not move, a thought having occurred to her. “Not yet. This won’t take long. Three minutes, tops.” She reached into her pack and pulled out the folded-up plastic sheet. Then she kneeled down and pulled out her long survival knife from its sheath at her hip.
“What are you doing?” Her dad stepped next to her. “We need to get out of here before those soldiers show up.”
“Some protein will be good for us.” Kat sliced the first steak off the chest of the raptor, peeling off the skin and tossing it aside. “And if there’s the smell of blood in the area, it’ll draw rexes here.”
“Ah!” Her dad scanned around as he realized her plan. The fresh blood would make it more dangerous for any of the soldiers who might come to investigate the shots.
“Do you think that raptor did that on purpose, breaking that stick?” James stared toward the west, the direction from which any soldiers would come.
“What? To distract us?” Kat laid a second large steak on the plastic.
“Yeah,” James said. “Doesn’t it seem a little odd the second one attacked right after we turned toward the first one?”
“I guess,” Kat placed a third steak on the plastic. “But this one could have just been trying to take advantage of the situation. Us all turning our backs. There. Done.” It was a quick job; essentially, she just hacked away four hunks of meat. She tossed a last steak onto the plastic and wiped her knife and her hands on some of the dead leaves on the ground. Then she wrapped the plastic around and around the meat, sealing in its odor, and stuffed the wrap into her pack.
“All right, can we go now?” James stood over her, still peering toward the west.
Kat sprang to her feet. “Yeah, lead the way. Let’s get the hell out of here.”
They climbed up the steep hillside until they came across another deer trail. James took point, and they followed the trail until it split. They were on edge, and every time they thought they heard a sound, they popped up their weapons. Each time it was only an acorn falling or a squirrel running away.
As they approached a tall healthy pine tree, James stopped and raised a hand.
“Hear that?” he said. “Copter coming. Take cover.” 
“Under here.” Kat’s mom scooted under the pine tree. Her dad joined her. Kat found another nearby pine tree, and James scooted under next to her. 
The buzzing of the quadcopter grew steadily louder until it was right over top of them, but it did not stop. It continued south, following the top of the ridge and then over the valley they had just crossed.
“Little doubt, they’re looking for us,” James said after the copter was past.
“Yeah, little doubt.” Kat noticed James’s shoulder had pushed up right against hers. Her eyes turned and met his for a moment. They both scrambled out from under the tree and brushed the dead needles that had stuck to their clothes. 
“I think we better get going.” James stood up and started up the path.
“Uh, yeah.” Kat clumsily stood up.
Her parents scooted out from under the other tree, and her mother raised an eyebrow. 
“What?” Kat tried to look innocent. After all, nothing had happened.
“Nothing.” Her mother turned. 
Kat was not sure, but it looked like her mother winked at her dad. She thought about defending herself, asking them what they thought had happened. But she decided to let it go. She was getting distracted—by James, no less.
A short while later a buzzing sound came from down by the Mississippi. Although they couldn’t see but occasional peeks of the river through the trees, they heard two motorboats speed past their position heading south. It appeared the soldiers thought their group was somewhere to the south of where are they actually stood.
“We need to stay two steps ahead of them,” Kat said. “Gotta keep moving.”
James who had stopped at the sound of the boats now already marched down the path again. The side of the ridge was steep but supported a diversity of trees and shrubs. There was a lot of cover along this stretch of the ridge. Old tall oaks and Cretacean redwoods rose high above the ridge, but other trees and shrubs hugged the ground and everything in between. Kat kept an eye out and an ear tuned for any more raptors hiding in the bushes.
James slowed and stared down at something. As Kat caught up to James and her parents, she saw what caught their attention.
“Well you don’t see that every day.” Her dad stood with hands on his hips.
Ten yards down the side and hidden between two bushes lay the skeleton of a rex. A juvenile, it was quite a bit bigger than a raptor but nowhere near that of an adult rex. Hidden down there, raptors or other smaller animals had picked it clean of meat, but no adult rex was able to reach it and crush the bones, so they remained.
James suddenly put a finger to his lips and pointed down over the side past the skeleton. Voices came from down below, speaking in a tongue which was not English. There were two or maybe three men somewhere between fifty to a hundred yards below them, and it sounded like they were getting closer.
Kat caught James’s attention and mouthed “Go.” She quickly twirled a finger to indicate fast. Then she put a hand on her dad’s back and pointed at James hustling away. 
“What about you?” her dad whispered as he turned and squinted at her. “I know you well enough to know when you have some mischievous plan.”
“Don’t worry ’bout me.” Kat wagged her finger up the path. “I’ll be only ten steps behind. Now go.”
He frowned, but turned and grabbed his wife by the hand, pulling her along. Her mother glanced back at Kat several times but let herself be dragged away.
Kat watched them for a moment and then made a spur of the moment decision to do more than simply watch their rear. She had to make sure her parents were not followed. She glanced around for someplace to hide where she could keep an eye on the soldiers but not be seen.
A large oak just back up the path appeared promising. It had low boughs that would make for any easy climb. More importantly though, it had a number of thick boughs and heavy foliage to hide behind.
She stared back the way they had come for a moment, and a thought occurred to her. She ran back to the skeleton of the rex and pulled loose a leg bone that must have weighed about three pounds. Carrying it with her, she ran back to the oak and climbed.
She wasn’t even fully in her hiding place when the first movements appeared through the shrubs. Drab camouflage clothing appeared. Then became more distinct as the soldiers grew closer. 
The men looked only left and right and straight ahead. That was good for watching out for dinosaurs. They only attacked from the ground. But a black panther on another world had taught her long ago that hunting can also be done from above.
She watched, hidden by the thick foliage, as three soldiers emerged up onto the deer trail. They panted from exhaustion for a minute as they spoke to each other in their eastern European language. Each carried what appeared to be an AK-47, but Kat would have bet they were copies manufactured somewhere other than in the Soviet Union.
After a bit, one of the men pointed up the trail and then down it while speaking in their tongue. One of the others then followed him as he turned back in the direction Kat and her group had come while the other soldier turned toward where James and her parents had gone. Kat figured that once the two men were out of sight, she would jump down and follow the lone man and take him out from behind if he got too close to her family.
But the man stopped just short of the tree on which she hid, and he stared back at the other two men. After they disappeared, he pulled a cigarette out of a pack stashed in a thigh pocket, lit up, and took a deep drag.
He glanced around at the trees in front of him as the acrid smoke drifted up to Kat. Luckily for her, the man faced uphill. She slowly drew her Glock out of its holster. If he turned toward her and looked up, she was going to use it even though the other soldiers would hear the shots.
But the man turned north on the path, and slowly started walking, still holding his cigarette. Kat slipped the pistol back away and waited. When the man stepped right below her, she dropped out of the tree behind him.
Both of her hands clutched the leg bone as she dropped, the bone in line with the top of the man’s head. The soldier wore only a soft flat top military cap on his head, no helmet. He must have heard her in the tree though because he turned toward her at the last moment. But too late. A loud cracking sound echoed through the trees after the bone crashed into the man’s skull. The man grunted, but he didn't have time to scream or make any other noise. He collapsed and rolled down the steep bank.
Kat lost her balance upon hitting the ground and rolled onto her side, but she quickly popped back up. She tossed the bone aside and whipped out her pistol as she watched the man roll and then smash into a small tree trunk twenty yard below. His back wrapped around the tree, and he did not move after that.
Kat stared at him for a few seconds thinking she had just killed the man. Is this who she had become? A soldier. A killer of men. She glanced back in the direction where the other soldiers had disappeared, but she did not hear or see anything from that direction.  
Then she smelled smoke, but it was not the same odor as when she was in the tree. Leaves burned where the man had dropped his cigarette. She stomped down on the small fire, but it still burned. She stomped down again and again on the leaves until finally smoke no longer rose from the spot. She breathed a sigh of relief; forest fires were easy to start on this world and hard to outrun.
She turned her gaze back to the dead soldier and eyed his rifle laying across his back. They could use another weapon.
But then the other men down the path suddenly yelled something in their native tongue. Kat reconsidered and thought it was time to get out of there. She raced up the path toward James and her parents.
More yelling came from behind her. Then gunshots. Then screams. The other men were being attacked by raptors or maybe juvenile rexes.
When Kat realized they were not screaming because of her, she considered turning around for the rifle but then thought better of it. Running back toward the soldiers and the dinosaurs did not seem like such a smart idea. She hurried forward.
The buzzing of the quadcopter returned. Kat found a large oak tree and ducked behind it, peeking out in an attempt to spot the copter. It was below her, though, and landing down by the river. Their camp was right down there. She left the tree behind and hurried up the trail, wary of running into more soldiers or dinosaurs.
She saw none though. It took her almost an hour before she caught up with her parents and James.
Through the trees she could see the Wisconsin River flowing into the Mississippi where they had stopped to wait for her. The flow appeared strong, and the river was very wide below them. “I suppose you have all already ruled out swimming it?”
“Well, we were all set to,” James said, “but then your dad saw the spinos and chickened out. Decided he didn’t want to chance it.”
Kat spied the dinosaurs, with the sail-like fins on their backs, parked along a sand bar that jutted out forming a barrier between the two rivers for a stretch. All kidding aside, they would have to watch out for spinos when they did cross, wherever that might be.
“I don’t see we have much choice,” Kat said. “We need to put as much distance between us and their camp as we can in what little daylight we have left.”
“And then what?” Her dad stared at her.
“We’ll cross that bridge later,” she said. “After a night’s rest.”
“Great, a bridge. That’ll make it so much easier,” James said.
Kat chuckled and gave him a shove up the path to get him started. They hiked up along the side of the ridge that paralleled the river. But the sun was descending, and darkness was rapidly coming upon them. They found a ravine and hiked down to where it flattened out and then found a spot off to the side not far from the river. Ravines can be dangerous in a downpour when all the water rushing down can turn them into rivers, but they did not expect rain since the sky had been clear before sundown, and above the river where they had a reasonably clear view of the sky, stars slowly twinkled into existence everywhere. They worried more about the close proximity of the soldier’s camp to them. At least in the ravine, they were mostly hidden.
It was already dark down in the ravine, so they quickly got a fire started before any predators came upon their camp. Then they cut the steaks that were wrapped up inside Kat’s pack into strips and cooked the meat over the fire.
As the meat sizzled, and fat dripped down onto the fire, they noticed the stars in the clear night sky. 
“All those stars,” Kat said between bites off the first strip off the fire. “Ever wonder if any beings are there somewhere, looking back up?”
“Don’t know.” James reached for his own first strip of meat. “But if there are, I wonder if they have to go through the same crap with their fellow beings.”
“You mean being chased through an alien woods by alien soldiers bent on killing them?” Kat said.
James chuckled, “Something like that.”
“If anybody’s out there, why don’t we know about them already?” her dad asked.
“The Fermi paradox,” James said.
“When I was at Stanford, there was a professor there that thought he had the answer to that.” Kat grabbed another strip of meat off the fire. “He said that any advanced civilization would eventually discover the multiverse. And once they figure out they can go to all the worlds parallel to their own, they give up on the rest of the universe. Cheaper and faster, and the days and the worlds are like what they are used to. Why go anywhere else? Discovering the multiverse becomes a trap then, and species don’t leave their own systems.”
“Speaking of traps, we seem to be trapped on this side of the crick.” Her dad pointed out toward the river with his stick of meat. “We need to get across, so I assume we are going to build some type of boat or raft.”
“Yeah.” James said. “But do we cross here, or do we go farther upriver?”
Kat’s mother rubbed her calves. “Can’t we cross here?” We’ve been walking so long, my legs are like rubber. And are we even halfway there yet?”
“Not even close,” James said.
Kat’s mom sighed.
“We can’t cross here,” Kat said. “We’re too close to their camp.”
“Sure you’re not just trying to punish me?” her mom said.
“No, Mom.” Kat pulled another stick with a strip of meat from above the fire and handed it to her mother. “Here. Eat this. You need to get some protein into you to make you strong.”
“Isn’t this role reversal? You telling me what I should eat.”
“Yeah, but this is my world. The wilderness, that is.” Kat stared at the fire. “It’s around people that I have troubles.”
 “You just got to let some of them in sometimes.” Her mom slowly rose and put a hand to her backside. “Not even halfway, huh. I’m going to get some sleep. Wake me when it’s my turn to watch the fire.”
“Same here,” her dad said. “I’m beat. Gonna get some shuteye.” He rose and stiffly ambled over to one of the hammocks strung up between the trees.
Kat moved closer to James so she could whisper. “We’ve been really pushing them. I’m going to let my mom sleep while I take her watch.”
“I’ll take your dad’s.” 
“Thank you. You want first shift or the graveyard?”
“I’m up now, so …”
Kat rose and threw her stick on the fire. “Wake me in four hours.” She turned, leaned over, and gave James a quick kiss on the lips. Before he had time to react, she pulled away and rushed to her hammock. She knew she had just left him hanging, wondering what the kiss was all about, but maybe it was a mistake. She was not even sure why she did it. Still sorting things out herself, and maybe this was not the best time to be confusing everyone. 
Chapter 8

“Hey, it’s time,” James whispered. He said nothing concerning what happened earlier, but his tone seemed even gentler than usual.
Kat opened her eyes and then closed them again while placing the back of her hand to her forehead.
James tossed a few sticks onto the fire and went off to his hammock. “You up?” he asked as he slid into his bag.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m getting up.” She opened her eyes again and slowly rotated her body until she was sitting in the hammock in the dark. She had not fallen asleep immediately earlier, and now she was tired on only a few hours rest. She sat there for a while. 
Then she rubbed her eyes with her thumb knuckles and stretched her arms out high and wide, yawning.
Over the next several hours, she did little more than toss occasional sticks onto the fire and exist in a sort of stupor.
In the twilight before dawn, she woke her parents and James. It was not wise to travel before full light on Cretacia since it gave ambush predators an advantage, but Kat knew they needed to get up and moving before the soldiers behind them did. She hid the fire pit under a pile of dirt while the others stretched and then stashed their hammocks back into Kat’s bag.
Once everyone had stretched out, they hiked up the ravine to the top of the ridge where they met the sun. There was no apparent deer trail, so they hiked along the top edge of the slope. Overhead, traces of a few wispy clouds sat unmoving, and the already comfortable temperature likely meant it would be miserably hot later. The tree line ran to the edge of the slope; grass and short shrubs covered the top with a few small trees here and there. The grass was still wet from dew, so they stuck to the tree line. They also knew the trees and the steep bank could provide an escape route if a rex suddenly appeared.
After a half-hour of marching, they spotted a large herd of hadros ahead and a couple of hundred yards from the tree line. They didn’t spot any rexes, but that didn’t reassure them. They took a left turn down a ravine and followed it to the river. Any rex up along the ridge edge was not going to be able to get down the steep side.
They took a short breather while they refilled their canteens.
“Hey, everyone, hold up,” James said. “We can’t go this way.”
Just upriver from them, three spinos stood in water nearly up to their bellies. Their snouts were stuck halfway underwater which they seemed to do whenever the water was too murky to see through. It was as if they could sense fish swimming past with their snouts.
“Mm, dang spinos,” Kat’s dad grumbled. He hated spinos ever since one had almost killed him when he was much younger. Two scars still remained on his belly to remind him of the encounter.
“We’ll have to climb half-way back up and skirt along the side of the ridge.” Kat stood having finished refilling her canteen with filtered river water. Hers was the last to be refilled.
“Oh, you got to be kidding me.” Her mom shook her head, and her shoulders slunk. She peered sideways at Kat. “We just got down here, and now we have to climb back up again? Couldn’t you have just left me somewhere on the side up there?”
“We didn’t know the spinos would be here,” James said.
“She knows that,” Kat said. “She’s just cranky because she’s tired.”
“We’re both tired,” her dad said.
“Yeah, I know,” Kat said. “A little bit farther, and we’ll stop. James and I will build a raft while you two can rest for a spell. Deal?”
Her parents stared at each other for a moment. “Lead the way,” her dad said.
Kat climbed a short distance up the side of the ridge, and they hiked along the side for several hundred yards with James taking up the rear. Then Kat led them down to where it was a little flatter and a lot easier to hike, and they continued onward for another half-hour.
Kat suddenly stopped and stared around.
“What’s wrong?” Her dad glanced around, trying to see what she spotted. “Raptors?”
“No.” Kat took off her pack and leaned it against a tree. “You and mom, can sit and rest now. We’re gonna build the raft here.”
“Here?” Her dad stared around.
“Yeah, here. Is there something wrong with here?”
“It’s as good a place as any, I guess,” her dad said.
“Nothing’s wrong with this place as long as I can sit,” her mom said.
“There’s a stand of aspen trees up there.” Kat pointed at the trees with white trunks not far away. “Straight trunks and lightweight. They will float easily.” Kat could have also pointed out the grape vines next to them, but she didn’t. She planned on using them so she wouldn’t have to use up her rope for the lashings to hold the raft together.
“Let’s get started,” James said.
“You don’t need a rest before we get started?” Kat pointed at the Aspens. “We’re gonna need a bunch of them cut.”
“My legs are tired. My arms are fine,” James said. “I’ll get started chopping.”
“I gonna start by cutting up some vines to lash the logs together with.” Kat glanced at James as she pulled out her knife and stepped toward vines. “I’ll come help you in a few minutes. Keep an eye out for raptors though. Banging against a tree might attract them.”
Fifteen minutes later Kat took over downing the next tree with the machete while James and her parents sat and scanned the woods for raptors. After they had a half-dozen trees on the woodland floor, they stripped them of side branches, cut them into shorter lengths, and dragged the logs over to the water’s edge.
“This enough of them to keep us all afloat?” her dad asked.
“Don’t know for sure,” Kat said. “Thought we should get started putting it together and see how it floats. Then if we have to add more, we will.”
“Guess that makes sense.” Her dad suddenly raised his head toward the river. “Do you hear something?”
“A damn motorboat!” Kat looked down at the logs they had laid out on the shore. It was an open spot to the river which was why they had laid them there. But the logs were going to be easily spotted if the boat came anywhere close. There wasn’t enough time to pull all the logs out of sight from the river. She picked up the machete from where it leaned against a pack and swung the blade through the nearby brush. “Help me with this.”
They each grabbed an armful of the brush and tossed it in front of the logs hoping the leaves would provide camouflage. The buzzing of the motor drew near, and they all ducked behind the brush just before the boat sped past twenty yards away.
It disappeared from sight because of the thick brush and weeds by the shore. But then the boat slowed down, and its motor sounded like it was swinging around. Kat was sure they had hidden the logs well. Did the soldiers spot one of them anyway? She glanced around. It was the aspen stumps behind them, flashing the bright vanilla color of being freshly cut.
“All right, we need a new plan.” Kat quickly glanced at James and then each of her parents. “Anybody got suggestions?”
“We could surrender,” her mom said.
“Serious ideas,” James said.
“Uh, no. That might just work,” Kat said.
“I wasn’t serious,” her mom said.
“Yeah, but it’s what we’re gonna do.” Kat smiled. “Actually, what you’re gonna do.”
“Me?”
“Both of you.”

The boat motor was gunned, and the bow jumped up onto the grass and brush of the shoreline. Two men immediately jumped out of the front and crouched down, pointing their rifles forward. They kept low as they scurried forward to the brush. Then they spotted Kat’s mom and her dad up by the aspens.
“You!” One of the men pointed his rifle at them as he shouted. “Raise your hand and don’t try funny stuff.”
Kat’s dad dropped the machete he had been holding, and he and his wife both raised their hands above their shoulders. The man said something in his foreign language to the other men as he marched forward.
He must have ordered them to search for others because the other soldier and the one who had been at the steering wheel in the boat both searched the nearby bushes and behind nearby trees.
“You have gun?” the soldier pointing the rifle at Kat’s parents asked. “We hear gunshot before.”
“Our rifle’s leaning against that tree.” Kat’s dad pointed with a finger without lowering his hands.
 “Where are others?” The man shook his rifle at them.
“What others?” Kat’s mom asked.
“We know three in quadcopter when it fly over. Maybe four.”
“Yeah, well our pilot didn’t survive,” Kat’s dad said. “It’s just us. We’re just tourists and have no idea what this is all about.”
The other two soldiers joined the first one and said something in their language which must have been their reporting that no one else was found.
The man turned back to Kat’s parents. “You two. In the boat.”
“No, no, no,” Kat’s dad said. “We’re just tourists. We’re not a part of whatever games you’re playing.”
“Games?” The soldier laughed. “We not play games. You go in boat now, or we shoot. Is that game?”
“Oh! Can we at least grab our bags?” Kat’s mom asked.
“No, we grab bags,” the man said. “Now go before I shoot you.”
“Can I at least make one last request for your sakes?” Kat’s dad said.
The soldier in charge straightened his neck and raised his eyebrows. “For our sakes?”
“Yeah,” Kat’s dad said. “You should probably drop your rifles. Otherwise, you might lose your heads since our kids are standing with pistols pointed at the backs of them.”
Kat shoved the first soldier’s head forward with the muzzle of her pistol. “You have until three, and then I put 9 mm rounds into your thick skull. And I tend to count fast when I’m wee bit excited. One.”
“Right behind you,” James said to the other two.
The soldier in charge peeked over his shoulder and stared straight down the muzzle of a Glock.
“Two.”
The man tossed down his rifle and quickly raised his hands to his shoulders and held them facing forward. The other two men glanced at their leader and toss their weapons down too.
“Good,” Kat said. “Now all of you, march forward twenty steps.”
James shoved one of the other soldiers in the back when he didn’t start immediately moving.
The leader said something to the other two in their foreign language.
“You want to say something, say it in English,” Kat said. 
“Their English not good,” he said.
“Then lead by example,” Kat said. “Far enough, now sit on the ground.”
“What you do to us?” The man slowly lowered himself. “You shoot us like dogs?”
“We’re just taking your boat,” Kat’s dad had moved up next to her. “You can walk back to your camp.”
“And your guns,” her mom said.
“We walk through woods with no gun,” the man said, “dinosaur eat us.”
“You should not have shot our copter down then,” Kat said.
“We not shoot your copter down.” The man stared up at them.
“He’s right.” Kat’s mom wore a frown as she stepped on the other side of Kat.
Kat turned toward her mom. “Just because these men weren’t on—”
“I mean about making it through the woods alive,” her mom said. “Not without a weapon.”
“We leave them a rifle, they’ll shoot at us the moment we depart,” James said.
“One rifle, five bullets, down by the river,” Kat’s mom said. She turned toward the soldiers. “And if you want to waste your five bullets firing at us, then you will have sealed your fates.”
Everyone grabbed their bags, and Kat’s dad grabbed the machete as Kat removed all but four bullets from the magazine from one of the soldier’s rifles. She left the magazine on the ground away from the rifle and ejected the round in the chamber of the rifle onto the ground. Leaning the rifle against a tree, she hopped into the boat, joining her mom and James. Her dad pushed them off and then grabbed the rail around the front and sort of flopped over the rail into the front of the boat as it started sliding into the river.
“They’re going to come after us with their copter.” James said, peering over the console.
“Let them.” Kat scrambled into a seat.
“Yeah,” her dad agreed. “We got two more rifles now. They shoot at us, we’ll be shooting back.”
Shouts in their foreign language came from the leader of the soldiers on the shore just as James started up the motor. He put it into reverse and revved the motor. The boat jumped backward farther out into the river.
“There’s not that much diesel left according to this gauge.” James tapped the gauge with a finger.
“So much for plan A,” Kat said.
“Then we get as far as we can,” Kat’s mom said.
“I’ve a plan,” Kat said. “We go up a couple of miles and pull over and get out. We turn the boat toward the opposite shore and push the throttle down and let it go by itself.”
James flipped the shift lever, and they stopped backing out and started to move forward. “Then when they find the boat, they’ll think we’re on the other side of the river from where we’re really at. Genius.”
“Thanks.” Kat relished the praise from James.
 James swung the wheel, and the boat banked quickly around.
“Except we’ll have to walk again.” Kat’s mom moaned. “And here I thought I was done with walking.”
Bullets suddenly pinged the back of the boat.
“Get down!” Kat’s dad yelled. “And get us out of here.”
Everyone ducked down as the boat lurched forward down the river even as more bullets hit the back of the boat. It was one of the soldiers they had just left on shore shooting at them. The boat went for a short distance, far enough to move out of the soldiers’ rifle range, but then the motor sputtered. Puffs of smoke came from under its cover, and the motor quit.
“That was more than five rounds,” Kat said. “They had an extra mag on them. Damn it! Should’ve searched them. So much for being a genius.” 
James sprang back to the motor, found the latch on the back, and popped up the cover. He peered inside. “There’s no fixing this. Carburetor’s got a hole through it.”
“And there goes my plan B,” Kat said. She looked around. “So, what are we going to do? Just float along?”
“I don’t see a paddle.” Her dad’s eyes searched the interior of the boat.
James scanned around too. “Christ! Who has a boat without a paddle? There’s always supposed to be at least one for emergencies.”
“You can complain to them if we see them again,” Kat said.
“We are not going to have to swim for it, are we?” Kat’s mom asked. “Because we’re pretty far from shore. I don’t think I can swim that far.”
“Nothing we can use for paddles in here?” James’s eyes still searched around inside the boat.
Kat looked around for what was available too. There wasn’t really anything other than their packs and the rifles. Not even life jackets. She reached for one of the rifles from the soldiers. “We use these.”
“Rifles?” Her dad stared at her.
“Yeah,” Kat said. “You take one on that side, and I’ll take the other over here.”
“I finally get a gun, and I have to use it to paddle? Unbelievable.” Her dad shook his head and chuckled.
“Take out the mag and the round in the chamber so you don’t shoot yourself in the face.” Kat had already taken them out of the rifle she held. She grabbed the rifle with both hands on the handguard and stuck the stock into the water. Her dad watched her give a stroke before he stuck the rifle he had grabbed into the river also.
“James, try to steer us using the wheel,” Kat said.
“What should I do?” her mom asked.
James’s rifle that she carried had a tactical stock and would be less useful than a hand for paddling. “Keep an eye out for anything coming,” Kat said.
“Right,” her mom said as she turned and scanned ahead.
Kat and her dad paddled, and they made slow progress. They slowly inched closer to the shore, but then the current picked up. They were coming to an inside bend in the river.
“Paddle harder,” James urged.
 Kat feared dropping the rifle and losing one of their new weapons, but she pushed herself harder, nevertheless. Her arms, shoulders, and back all burned. They were within twenty yards of the shore, but the river curved, and then they were swept past the bend by the strong current. The shore quickly grew more distant again. 
Both Kat and her dad brought the rifles inside the boat and panted.
“We were so close,” her mom said. “We can’t give up.”
“We’re just exhausted, dear.” Her dad wiped sweat off his forehead. “Give us a minute.”
“Dad, take the wheel and let James paddle.” Kat still panted.
“I can do this,” her dad said.
“Yeah, I know,” Kat said. “But James has fresh arms to put into it.”
“And I’ll take over for you,” her mom said.
Kat was about to object. She was younger, stronger, and had more stamina. But then she had to admit her arms were sore, and it would be more effective to switch out until they were safely on the shore. She traded rifles with her mom and took up watch in the front.
After they rounded the curve in the river, the current slacked off. The river widened, and they were now far from the shore. Ahead, however, the river narrowed again, and James and her mom were making progress in getting the boat over to the right side of the river. It appeared they should be able to reach the shore this time ahead of where the river narrowed again.
Kat stared ahead, looking and listening for any sign of either the soldiers’ quadcopter or another boat. She heard neither, but then she noticed she no longer heard her mom or James paddling.
She turned and glanced at them. “What’s up?”
“Spinos.” Her mom stared to the right of the spot they had been aiming to land. Two large spinos marched toward the riverbank.
“Dang spinos,” her dad muttered. “I hate spinos.”
One of the spinos lifted itself upright onto its back legs and craned its long snout toward them. But it did not jump in the river after them as they floated past.
“I’ll take over, Mom.” Kat reached her hand out with James’s rifle. “You could use a break.”
Her mom did not object. Kat took the soldier’s rifle.
“Look.” Her dad pointed ahead. The river they were on dumped into the Mississippi some distance ahead. If they didn’t get to the shore soon, they were going to end up floating right past the soldiers’ camp.
Kat and James started paddling hard. They made progress as the current was now light on their side of the river.
“There!” Her dad’s finger stabbed toward tall cattails against the shore. “We pull into those, and it’ll hide the boat. At least from other boats.”
“Mom, Dad, gather your reserves,” Kat said as she continued to stroke the water with the gunstock. “Once we hit shore, we’ll need get out of here as fast as we can. It won’t take long at all before those bastards realize where we went.”
They finally reached the cattails. Everyone grabbed onto stocks or the big broad blades and pulled the boat forward. Then James jumped out into the cattails and sank up to his waist. He pushed forward, parting the green blades in front of him while dragging the boat behind. It reminded Kat of a scene from out of the old movie, The African Queen. The water covered less and less of him as he pushed forward. Finally he stopped and turned around.
“As far as I’m pulling all of you.” He put his hands on his hips and panted.
Kat popped the magazines back into the soldiers’ rifles and handed one down to James. She grabbed their packs and jumped into the cattails. Kat’s mom followed a few seconds later. The water was only a foot deep, but they were still surrounded by a forest of tall cattail blades. Ahead they could see tall trees but they could not see the shore closer to them. James pushed through the dense vegetation, and everyone followed in his trail, sloshing as they marched forward.
Ahead, James finally pushed through the last of the cattails, and then he raised his hands up in the air.
Kat stopped. Soldiers must be ahead. She had to do something, but what? Perhaps she could flank them. She turned to the side. A muzzle stuck through the cattail leaves into her face before she could take a second step. She saw no choice. She dropped the rifle she held and raised her hands to her head too.
 
Chapter 9

Multiple rifles were pointed at her backside as Kat marched toward a pontoon boat beached on the Mississippi side of the woods. James and her parents marched in front of her. She kept trying to come up with some type of plan for how they could escape, but she wasn’t coming up with much of anything she thought really had a chance. She thought about making a distraction, allowing the others to jump overboard. It seemed more likely than anything to get themselves all killed though.
Once they reached the boat, a man there zip-tied their hands behind their backs and then ordered them to climb aboard and sit down. That ended her slim hopes of coming up with a plan that might actually work.
The boat motored downriver and soon arrived at the sandbar. The man who zip-tied them ordered them off the boat. Kat marched off first, surrounded by three men carrying rifles. The soldiers marched her and the others up the beach for some distance, and then they shoved her to the right and marched her across some distance from the front of the tents.
“Far enough. Sit there,” a soldier in front of them ordered, his voice like that of a bear. He wore the same uniform as the others, but black stars had been attached to his shoulders. So, he was the general, and he appeared to be the man in charge of the camp. Kat recognized him from the pier as the one the taxi driver had called Kosinov. She thought it most likely the man had anointed himself the rank he wore. 
“I said sit,” Kosinov said. The soldier behind Kat gave her a hard shove on her shoulder, and she went down to the ground.
Her parents and James marched up behind her and were ordered to sit next to her. They all faced the general and the tents thirty yards behind him.
“Can you at least tell us what the heck this is all about? Why your men were shooting at us?” Kat’s dad asked.
“Silence.” The general stepped forward toward Kat and not her dad. His weathered face partially remained hidden behind a bushy speckled beard while his gray eyes seemed to take in everything but revealed nothing. He was a big blocky man who towered over her, enjoying his power to intimidate. She realized the general had chosen her to question first because he thought her likely the weakest and most easily intimidated by him. “I will be the one asking questions here today, starting with you, young lady. How did your group come across these? They are our rifles.” He held up one of the two rifles taken from the soldiers.
“We sort of took them from some of your guys,” Kat said. “Along with the boat they came in.”
“You killed some of my soldiers?” The general leaned into her face.
“We killed no one,” James said.
“Quiet!” the general shouted. “I am speaking to the young lady for now. You will get your turn later.” His eyes shifted to one of the soldiers. “Vlad, if he speaks out of turn again, show him how we treat those without manners.”
“Yes, General. Gladly.” Vlad stepped behind James and smiled menacingly down at him.
Kat glared at the man but then turned back to the general. “What he said is true. We didn’t hurt any of your soldiers. We even left them a gun to protect them against raptors. Only they then used the gun to shoot up their boat which we took when we tried to get away.”
“So, you did nothing to my men?”
“Well, yeah.” Kat nodded. “Other than leave them in the woods.”
“For all your sakes, those men better make it back here. I’ve had other soldiers disappear too. Are you going to tell me you had nothing to do with any of that?”
“We’ve had nothing to do with any of your men disappearing,” Kat said.
The general whipped out his hand and back-handed Kat hard across her face, his knuckles slamming her lips against her teeth. “Liar!”
Kat’s face spun from the blow, and she tasted blood. Her tongue found where her lip had been split as she turned back and stared at the man glaring down at her.
“Look, if your men are so naïve as to get killed by the local wildlife, it’s not our fault. We’ve been avoiding your men since some of them shot down our quadcopter. We’ve just been trying to get back while not get eaten by the dinosaurs ourselves or shot by your men.”
“So, I suppose you had nothing to do with them in the quadcopter disappearing either?”
“They were shooting at us. Put holes through our fuel tank and forced us down. Then they crashed right after we came down. We don’t know if it was a malfunction or pilot error or what. But it just crashed.”
The general stared at her, and she stared back. She was not about to give any hints that she had just lied her ass off to him.
The general stuck his face closer to hers. “This quadcopter of yours—”
“His.” Kat nodded toward James.
The general stared at her for a second and then stepped over in front of James and leaned in close. “This quadcopter of yours, is it repairable?”
“Ah …” James glanced at Kat and her parents. “I think so. Just need some holes in the fuel tank patched, I think.”
The general straightened himself and turned around as he spoke. “You people may have some use to me after all. A reason for me to keep you all alive.” He turned back toward Kat. “You know where this quadcopter is at?”
“It is my quadcopter,” James said.
The general pointed at Vlad, and the big man kicked James hard in his ribs. James sprawled sideways and gasped for air.
“I was asking you. Not him.” The general stared at Kat.
Staring at James scrunched up in pain, Kat said to the general, “If you want my cooperation, you’re not gonna have your gawd-damned animals beating on us.”
“If you don’t give me what I want,” the general said as leaned toward her, “the consequences will be a lot more severe than what you’ve seen so far.” He straightened himself back upright. “Now, do you know where that copter is?”
“Ah …” She glanced over at James who breathed normal again but had his elbow tucked into his side protecting the bruised or maybe broken ribs. “I don’t know if I could point it out on a map, but I think I could find my way back. They could help me. Put us on a boat, and we’ll lead you there.” And maybe find a way to escape.
“No,” the general shook his head. “You, by yourself, are going to lead me to it. The older two behind you, I’m betting, are your mother and father. I saw the way they look at you. I also see the way you look at the man and he looks at you. If you manage to escape or otherwise cause us trouble, then I will have them shot. No, no.” He shook a finger at the sky, indicating he had a new and better idea. His gaze came back to Kat. “See those cans of fuel over there?” He pointed to his right. “I will pour that over their bodies and throw a match on them. Now, we wouldn’t want that to happen, would we?” He leaned closer toward her again. “Are we clear on what I need you to do?”
The pit of Kat’s stomach churned as she stared the man in front of her. A fiend who would stop at nothing in order to achieve his objectives. He would kidnap, torture, and even murder anyone who got in his way or refused to aid in his plans, regardless of whether they were soldiers or innocents. She saw him for what he truly was, a horrible monster. And all she could do was nod. She would lead him to the downed copter because he had left her no choice.
A wicked grin broke out on the man’s face. “Good! Because I would hate to have to kill all of you.”
Another soldier spoke to the general, “General, we need that copter to capture …” The soldier stopped talking after the general raised a fist above his shoulder and glared in the soldier’s direction.
Kat stared at him too. What was he about to say before he was cut off? What would they use the copters to capture? Then it struck her. They were going to try to hijack one of the interverse ships. But why? Were these people terrorists? Were they going to look for a ransom? What type of plans did they have?
“We will leave first thing in the morning.” The general grinned again before turning. “Turq, get some food for them.” The general glanced at all of them. “It may be your last supper if this one doesn’t deliver.” He pointed at Kat. “What is your name?”
“Kat,” she said.
“She’s Katgirl.” One of the soldiers said. Then Kat recognized Pete, the bearded young man from the flight on the interverse ship.
“What?” The general turned toward the soldier.
“General, she is video star. Do stuff in woods. They call her Katgirl, General,” the soldier said.
“Interesting,” the general said. “Doesn’t change a thing though. Vlad, make sure they get something to eat, but are secure.”
“You got it, General,” the big man said. 
“Time to eat,” the general roared. All the soldiers cheered and started heading toward one of the big tents, except for Vlad and five others. The others were all men, but none were Vlad’s match in size.
He turned toward the prisoners. “All right, on your feet. Don’t make me have to drag you by grabbing your hair.”
Vlad marched them over to where four posts were driven into the sand and said something in his native language to the other guards. “In case you’re wondering, I told them to shoot all of you if any of you try something funny.” He pulled out a large survival knife from a sheath at his waist. He held it up in front of Kat and grinned broadly. “Ladies first.” He laid his other hand on her shoulder and spun her around. Then he sliced the zip-tie and slipped the knife back into its sheath.
He pulled a new zip-tie out of a pocket. “Hands out in front.”
Kat thought about taking the man down with a leg sweep and stealing his knife, but the guards holding rifles pointed at her suggested to her it was not such a hot idea. She placed her hands together out in front of her, and Vlad zip-tied them together.
“Down on the ground,” Vlad ordered.
Kat stared at the man for a moment and then frowned as she dropped her bottom onto the sand. The man put a zip-tie through a chain attached to the post and through the zip-tie that bound her hands. The chain was attached near the base of the post, and it was too short to allow her to stand when zip-tied to it. If it had been her doing the tying, she would have bound their legs too. It was a stupid mistake, and she was not about to mistake these soldiers for geniuses.
Vlad glared down at her. “We used these posts for dogs when we first came here. They were supposed to warn us of dinosaurs.”
The man had told the tidbit for a reason. To insult them, implying they were dogs. Treating them like animals. Kat glanced up at him. “Yeah, where are they now?”
“Oh, it didn’t work out so well for the dogs.” Vlad went and zip-tied her mom to another post. Then her dad. “You seem to like this one.” Vlad stood next to James but had spoken to Kat. “So, I tie him up next to you.” Vlad then laughed as he zip-tied James to a chain attached to the next post over from Kat. 
Vlad turned to the other soldiers. “Vadim, Kiril. You two stand guard over these dogs until we return.” Kat knew he had given his orders in English for her benefit, to further insult her. He had called her an animal as she had called him one earlier. She suppressed smirking from a smidgeon of personal satisfaction. She had gotten under his skin.
As Vlad and two of the other soldiers headed for the mess tent, Kat looked over at James. “You all right?”
“I’ll live,” James mumbled. 
  “No talk,” one of the guards snarled, glaring at them over a crooked nose, like it had been broken a few times and never properly set.
“Too bad. You had it coming,” Kat said to James.
“What?” James stared back at her.
“Which of you is Vadim and which is Kiril?” Kat asked.
“I’m Kiril,” said the guard with a straight nose.
“I said shut up, or you get boot too.” Vadim glared at her before he turned to the other guard and mumbled something in their language. Then he stomped off in the direction of the mess tent.
“Where’s your friend going?” Kat thought Kiril was more likely to let her talk.
“Forgot his smokes in his jacket.” Kiril mimed smoking a cigarette as he explained. He shook his head. “Those going to be the death of him, but he’s hooked.”
Kat laughed. “Aren’t you afraid he left you alone with us?”
Kiril laughed too. “No, since I have gun. Besides, he will be back in ten minutes. So, if you have plans to escape, you better do it soon. And be able to dodge bullets.” He grinned at them. Kat noticed Kiril did not hold the rifle, but rather it was slung over his shoulder.
Kat frowned. “I don’t think we’re going anywhere. And it’s all your fault.” She turned and stared at James.
“My fault?” James screwed up his face in disbelief. “How is our being here my fault?”
Kat lifted her leg and pointed it at James’s face. “It’s your fault for being such a gawd-dang coward back there. We could have shot our way out of the jam were in.”
“And all gotten shot.” James was in the game now. “If it was anyone’s fault, it was yours. You and your lame-brain ideas.”
“It was neither of you,” her mom said, not understanding what was happening.
“No, it was his,” Kat said. “Couldn’t stand up like a man back there. In fact, I going to kick him to show he doesn’t have a pair.” Kat’s left foot lunged out toward James, but she made sure she didn’t kick too hard. He caught her foot with his bound hands.
“That is not nice, Kat,” her mom scolded.
“Hey, knock it off.” Kiril reached down to grab her leg to pull her away. Kat struggled hard, getting the guard’s undivided attention. He did not see James’s hands go up Kat’s pants to where she had a small knife strapped on her calf just above her ankle. Kiril pulled Kat’s leg away from James. “I’m not an animal like Vadim, but so help me if you don’t quit this crap, I will hurt you.”
“You wouldn’t dare,” Kat snarled, trying to further distract him. But his peripheral vision caught sight of James who had already sliced the zip-ties binding him. He swung the down at Kiril, but Kiril caught his arm, and they struggled for the knife for a moment. The guard was bigger and stronger than James and seemed to be slowly gaining the upper hand on the knife.
Then from behind him, Kat’s leg came up between Kiril’s legs. He let go of James’s arm, dropped to his knees, and squealed in pain. James let a roundhouse fly across the man’s jaw, and he crumbled to the ground.
“Coward, huh?” James pulled the rifle off the prone soldier’s shoulder. 
“My hero.” Kat stretched her hands up toward him, and he sliced the ties. He handed her the rifle and slipped over to cut Kat’s parents free.
Kat popped out the mag; it had the weight of a full 30 rounds. She popped the magazine back in and then checked to make sure a round was in the chamber. She looked down at Kiril. They were all stupid fricks if they didn’t know better than to search a prisoner for knives.
“We gotta get to their copter,” James said. “If we can reach it, I can fly us out of here.”
“We’ll never get past all those between here and the copter,” Kat said.
“We should just get out of here,” her dad said.
“Dad’s right,” Kat said.
‘What about one of their boats then?” James stared at the others. “Yeah, right. I get the message. Run for the woods.”
“Come on! We gotta get out of here,” Kat’s dad said.
“Wait just a second.” James spun to face away from them, and he pointed at a row olive green cannisters.  “Over there. He pointed at those and said that was fuel.”
“What are you thinking?” Kat looked from the cans of fuel back to James.
“If we could get a can of fuel to our copter, we could patch it up and fly it back.”
Kat thought for a moment about it. As crazy as it sounded, the fuel might be their best chance. To go north, they still would have to cross the wide Wisconsin River again, and then they would have to hike a distance that was probably double that back to the copter. “All right, we’ll try. Mom, Dad, grab our packs.” She waved at a bench ten yards in front of them where the bags had been left.
Kat followed James over to the fuel cannisters. He hefted one up and set it back down. “Heavy. Feels like 60 or 70 pounds.” 
“You’re not going to be able to lug that through the woods and run from these bastards at the same time.”
“You’re right,” James grinned. “But we need only half of one of these to get us back. Less than that, really.” He unscrewed the cap of the cannister he set down and hoisted it back up. He poured fuel over the other cannisters.
“We have the packs,” her dad said as he and Kat’s mom came up on them. “But our guns are gone.”
“Crap,” Kat swore. “I love my Glock.”
“Nothing we can do about it now.” James started scrambling away, carrying the cannister and leaving a trail of fuel behind him. “Let’s go before someone comes back.” The sun was already setting on the top of the ridge across the river from them. They had maybe half an hour before total darkness.
They trotted toward the bonfire at the head of the sandbar.
“Hey stop!” someone yelled. It was Vadim returning from his smoke break. Bullets kicked up sand near Kat and James.
Kat turned and fired a single shot at Vadim. The man’s head snapped backward, and he crumpled to the ground.
“Oh, my!” Kat’s mom placed a hand over her mouth and stared at the fallen soldier. “You just shot that man.”
“Go, Mom.” Kat yelled. Her mom glanced at her for a moment and turned.
James screwed the cap back on the fuel cannister as Kat said, “I got this.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a small plastic container. Inside were matches and glued to the outside was a strike pad. They had not searched her pockets either.
Other soldiers, having heard the rifle shots, started jumping out from the tent where they had been eating their evening meal.
Kat lit the match and let it fall to the ground. She ran the other direction as a flame burst upward from where the match landed, and then the flame streaked back toward the other cannisters, following the path James had made for it.
When the flames reached the cannisters, a large blazing wall erupted all around them. Men on the other side yelled at one another. Then there was an explosion from an overheated cannister rupturing and rapidly dumping more fuel to the blaze, and then multiple more explosions as each of the other fuel cannisters ruptured in turn. A giant inferno blocked the men at the mess tent from chasing after them.
More shouts carried over the roar of the blaze. Kat hoped the confusion would buy them enough time.
She looked ahead to where the bonfire burned. Two men stood there and raised their rifles. Kat raised the rifle she held and fired two shots as sand kicked up from around her feet by incoming bullets.
The one by the bonfire dropped to his knees and then crumbled to the side onto the sand. The other staggered backward and fell onto the fire.
“Run!” Kat yelled. The others ran and tried to keep pace as Kat pulled ahead. She looked back to see when the general and his soldiers would figure out their prisoners were responsible for the blaze and were now gone. She knew it wouldn’t take them long if they didn't already know.
Kat reached the bonfire. She turned to her dad who was coming up behind her. He had complained the whole time out that he didn’t have a gun. She tossed the one she had held to him. Then she picked up one off one of the dead soldiers. She would have liked to have the other soldier’s rifle as well, but it was too hot near the flames to reach it. James reached the bonfire last. Lugging the fuel container was slowing him down. Still, they needed it if they were to have any chance of getting out of the wilderness.
Shots rang out from behind them. The soldiers had finally spotted them. They were now several hundred yards away. It took a real marksman to hit anything at that distance. More shots rang out from behind them. Kat turned and fired off two shots. Two of the distant soldiers dropped.
She waited until James caught up, and they hurried together across the open strip between the sandbar and the woods. Occasional shots rang out behind them. She wasn’t even sure whether the soldiers saw them or simply fired blindly into the dark because their leader ordered them to shoot. Suddenly the bonfire starting crackling like fireworks. The rounds from the soldier’s rifle had heated enough that they were going off. The other soldiers stopped firing at them, probably taking cover from the exploding rounds.
Darkness was coming as they reached the tree line. Ahead, a path used by deer and the soldiers seemed slightly brighter than the leaf-covered woods. They took to the path for the time being.
Suddenly, a voice boomed out. The general had a voice like a bullhorn and his voice carried in the valley. His yelling was distant, but Kat and the others could make out his words.
“I could have killed you, but no, I showed mercy. Surrender now, and I will again show that mercy. I just want your quadcopter. But if you do not surrender, you are as good as dead. You have ten minutes, and then I send my men out after you. My men will hunt you down and shoot you like dogs. You hear me? Like dogs. You will all be dead. There will be no more mercy for you. For any of you. Ten minutes.”
 
Chapter 10

“So, who’s up for surrendering?” Kat asked as she continued to scan the woods around them. The deer trail which skirted midway up along the ridge was still above them somewhere.
“The man’s a raving lunatic.” Her dad paused and stared back toward the camp for a moment. 
“We need to find a place to hide and hope they don’t find us. We can’t keep running like this through the night,” James said. 
Kat agreed. Staying on the ground through the night without a protective fire was suicide. “I’m working on it.” Kat still had not found a suitable tree. It had to be large enough to hide them, but with boughs low enough and close enough together that even her mom could climb. 
“What about them soldiers? Maybe we should just keep going,” her dad said.
“Doesn’t matter,” her mom said. “We can’t outrun them.”
“James is right about us needing a place to hide, Dad. A pack of raptors is more likely to find us in the dark than them bastards down there.”
“We should get up in a tree then,” her dad said.
“Yeah, that one.” Kat pointed at a large oak tree off to their right. She would have preferred being farther from the soldiers’ camp, but the light was almost gone. The one she picked wasn’t bad except the lowest bough was pretty far off the ground. From there, though, the boughs were close enough together that climbing wouldn’t too difficult. She turned to James. “Stash that can somewhere. We gotta get off the ground.”
James stuffed it under a nearby bush while Kat and her dad helped Kat’s mom into the tree. Her mom jumped up and grabbed onto the lowest limb and just sort of hung there for a bit. “Don’t think this is working,” she grunted.
Kat and her dad handed their rifles to James before grabbing her mom around the legs and boosting her.
“Can you get your hands off my—” her mom said.
“Sorry, Mom.” Kat snickered. “It’s just that I needed something to push on and it is the biggest—” 
“James, hand me that gun,” her mom interjected.
James snickered as Kat and her dad finally pushed her mom high enough she managed to crawl up onto the bough as thick as the main trunks of most of the other trees around. Her dad’s turn came next. He managed to pull himself into a chin-up and got his arms over the bough, but he was unable to pull himself up and on top until Kat and James pushed on his legs. James and Kat handed up the rifles, and then they jumped up and pulled themselves onto the bough. From there, they all climbed a few limbs higher until they felt they were far enough off the ground to be out of reach of any raptors.
Her parents sat on one bough, and Kat and James sat on another nearby. Voices rose up the slope from below them.
“You got to be kidding me,” James whispered. “They’re searching for us in the dark?”
“With flashlights,” Kat said. The dim lights were now visible and getting brighter. The beams danced all over the woodland floor. This was not going to end well.
“Oh, these mothers are dumb,” James whispered.
Two of the dancing beams headed to the south of them. One followed the trail up the slope and headed almost directly toward them. The beam drew closer, and then the leaves rustled. The beam regularly swept left and right, but not upward—at least so far.
Kat had one of the rifles back and now pointed it down at the owner of the light. If he flashed the beam upward on them, she would have to take him out. Hopefully, it wouldn’t come to that. It would be hard to stay hidden in the tree once the other soldiers were alerted by the sound of rifle fire and then found a dead body under the tree. They would have to try to flee in the dark, avoiding both the other soldiers and the dinosaurs.
The lone soldier continued up the slope, and Kat thought about using the stock of her rifle and taking him out the same way she had taken out the one earlier when she had hidden in a different tree. The soldier stomped up the path, but he never came close enough underneath for her to have a chance. He continued upward and then stopped when he reached the deer trail almost level with them in the tree.
He shined his beam to the left and stared for a few seconds, then to the right. He seemed ready to move on when something fell out of their tree and hit the ground not far from him. An acorn. None of them had anything to do with it falling. Sometimes acorns just fall, but this one dropped at the most inopportune time.
The soldier gasped and pointed his light and his rifle at the thud from the fallen nut. Kat held her breath. If the soldier pointed the light at her, she would have to shoot him. 
The soldier pointed the light up into the tree. But not down to where Kat and her family hid. He pointed it up from where the acorn had dropped.
Kat took a shallow breath. Then the soldier danced the beam around along the limbs of the tree. But he had not yet shined the beam down on her. She held her breath and had her muzzle pointed directly at his chest. Even if blinded by the flashlight, she only needed to gently squeeze the trigger.
A twig snapped behind the soldier. He spun his flashlight and rifle around. Then he screamed as he was bowled over by a raptor flying through the air and crashing into his chest. His flashlight flew out of his hand and bounced under the bush where James had hidden the fuel cannister. A little light still shined out from under the bush enough for Kat and James to see the raptor clawing away at the soldier’s midsection. Kat’s parents turned their faces away, unable to watch. A second raptor came from the left and watched. The screaming stopped after the soldier bled out from being disemboweled by the first raptors’ two long sickle claws. Its death claws.
The soldier’s scream seemed a sure bet to bring the other soldiers. They would likely shoot at the raptors and kill them or drive them off. Then they would see the flashlight and the fuel cannister.
Kat listened, expecting to hear the shouts and scuffling feet of soldiers coming to inspect. Instead, the stuttering of automatic rifle fire and other men’s screams pierced the night. Other raptors were attacking the soldiers.
They were ignorant to the ways of the dinosaurs on this world, and they were paying for it with their lives. The dinosaurs were all afraid of fire. Light a torch, and they flee. On the other hand, the predators were attracted by artificial LED lights like car headlights or flashlights. It was an oddity scientists were still trying to figure out, but it meant when the soldiers marched into the woods carrying flashlights, they had less of a chance than if they had carried signs that said “EAT ME” in all big bold letters. 
Two more raptors trotted out of the woods to the fallen soldier. The distant sounds of soldiers retreating back down the slope carried through the woods. The disturbing sounds of feeding raptors was closer at hand. The tearing of flesh, the crunching of bones, and the slurping.
The four of them did not get any sleep during the night. The raptors were not quick eaters. At any given time, one or two were around the soldier, and then one would leave in one direction as a different one arrived from the opposite direction. No one could close their eyes while the raptors lurked below. Kat’s mom warned more than once that she thought she was going to be sick. Kat’s stomach wasn’t so good either. Besides, they were stuck on a tree limb. Not exactly a comfy bed. 
Sometime in the wee hours of the morning, the raptors finally left for good. 

It was a couple of hours longer before twilight first started to reveal the morning. Kat’s dad yawned and stretched out his arms. “We need to get moving before those bastards start looking for us again.” 
“Yeah.” Kat reached for a lower limb. “I figure it’ll still be dark down in the valley for another twenty minutes, and it’ll take them at least that long to get up here. So, we have at least a 40-minute head start on them, and we’re gonna need every second of it.”
Kat reached the ground and stepped over to where the soldier had died. The man’s skull, his larger bones, and tattered bits of clothing remained. And his rifle and boots. Kat wasn’t about to look inside the boots. James climbed down and stood beside her. He placed a hand on her shoulder. It felt comforting to Kat, but they had no time to waste. 
“Better grab the rifle. You’re gonna need it.” Kat said as she glanced at it. Dried blood stains painted the stock, and she was glad James was ending up with it rather than her. She picked up a knife in a sheath and tossed it to her dad. Then she turned and headed for the bush where the fuel cannister lay hidden. She lifted up the foliage near where the soldier’s flashlight now lay dead. The fuel cannister was on its side, most likely knocked over by one of the raptors in the night. She grabbed onto the handle and pulled it out from under the bush. The can bounced against her side as she wrestled it out, and it rested against her pant leg until she realized it was wet.
“Hey this can leaked some of the fuel,” Kat said. “It’s all down the side and on me. I smell like some cross between burnt coffee and yesterday’s French fries.”
James stepped over and lifted the cannister. “Couldn’t have been much. I think there’s still plenty to get us back.”
“But only if we can get back to the quadcopter safely,” Kat’s dad said. “We need to get moving.”
“Dad’s right,” Kat said. “We gotta stay ahead of them.”
James glanced at the rifle in his hand before handing it over to Kat’s mom. Then he grabbed the fuel cannister.
“Do we even have a realistic chance of making it out of here?” her mom asked. “I mean these are trained soldiers hunting us down.”
“As long as we keep fighting, we have a chance,” Kat’s dad said.
“Besides, they’re not that well trained,” Kat said. “They never searched me, or they would have found my knife and the matches in my pocket. Dad’s right. As long we keep running, we have a chance. A pretty good one of making it out of here alive. But only if we get moving.” She turned and marched down the trail. Her dad and mom followed after, and James took up the rear.
They hiked for about an hour with Kat pushing a pretty fast pace. She wished she could have moved even faster, but she had to keep it at a pace her parents could sustain. She let them stop for a few minutes to get some rest.
Distant but loud voices came from ahead.
“Damn!” Kat swore. “There’s no way they could have hiked all the way out here.”
“They must have used their boats to get ahead of us. Have to be others behind us as well. We’re going to have to go that way.” James pointed up the slope. “Don’t see another option.”
“You three, go,” Kat said. “I’m going to lead them back up the trail a ways and hopefully throw them off yours. At least for a while. I’ll catch up.”
“No way,” her dad said. “We need to stick together.”
“We don’t have time to argue.” Kat narrowed her eyes. “If they follow us, I don’t think we can outrun them.” Her parents were too tired, and James now carried the fuel cannister. “I promise to catch up. Now go. There’s no time to debate this. Five miles east and then turn south if you can. Go.”
“Kat’s right.” James turned and lugged the cannister up the slope. “We gotta get moving. Catch up sooner rather than later. And, Kat, don’t do anything stupid.”
 
Chapter 11

Kat resented James’s remark. She never did anything stupid. Okay, so maybe there were times her results were not those she had expected. But still, that didn’t mean what she had done was stupid.
She faced back down the trail, and a twig snapped somewhere ahead of her. She still could not see the soldiers though.
“They’re ahead of us,” she yelled, needing for the men to all follow and believe that James and her parents were with her. “Turn back.” She ran the other direction from them. Hopefully, her parents and James would be up and over the ridge and out of sight before the soldiers got close.
Through the trees Kat spotted a soldier behind her on the trail. He stopped and lowered his rifle. She rounded a bend and disappeared from his sight before he had a chance to fire. It would have taken a lucky shot anyway through the woods at the distance she had been from him. Was this what James had meant by not doing anything stupid? She thought it smarter to put a little extra distance between her and those chasing her.
“Hurry! I think they’re gaining on us,” she yelled. She had to draw them away from the path her parents and James had taken.
As she went around a corner, her foot stepped on a loose rock, and it slid along with her foot. She dropped her rifle as her other foot slid on the loose dirt, and both feet went over the edge of the trail. Below her the slope was particularly steep at the corner. She reached out a hand and caught a root sticking out of the ground, washed bare by the recent heavy rains. Her grip kept her from sliding down the steep slope.
Her boots caught a grip on the loose dirt, and she tugged on the root to pull herself up. As she pulled herself up to her knees and picked up her rifle, she realized how dangerous the spot was. As she stared down on the corner, she realized it would have been far worse for her if the spot had been wet. She pulled out her canteen from the side of the pack and dumped what remained onto the corner, turning the dirt into slippery mud.
She stared at the canteen. It was plastic, her mom’s and not hers. She had grabbed her mom’s bag. She would have to swap later to get hers back, but she had more important concerns at the moment.
 “Faster! Or they’ll catch us,” she yelled out and then raced ahead. Not much more than a minute later, screams and shouts came from behind her. From all the noise, it sounded like two of the men tumbled down the steep slope.
Then her eye caught movement ahead. Damn! Soldiers came at her from both directions, and the ones behind her were going to be particularly pissed even if they didn’t suspect it was her who had wetted that bend in the trail. She was being squeezed into a trap. Her rifle rested in her hands, but that was not the answer. She had to find an escape somewhere, a place to hide or skirt around one of the squads somehow. She would be badly outnumbered if she stood her ground and fought. 
Just ahead and above the trail, a large fir tree stood. She raced for it, needing to reach it before anyone spotted her. She stepped on a twig and a loud snap echoed through the trees. Shouts came from ahead; they had heard her misstep. Knowing she needed to quickly disappear from those ahead, she slipped behind the tree. Peeking around through its sprigs, she saw soldiers march down the path. She crawled under the tree to the trunk and climbed, placing her rifle across branches above her and then climbing to the rifle. Not far up, but off the ground. The needles were so thick the soldiers could not be seen, so no chance they saw her either.
Nevertheless, she held her breath as she heard footsteps from one of them approaching the tree. She could have shot him just from the noise he made, but then bullets would have rained in on her from the other soldiers.
She caught the odor of French fries and was horrified to realize it came off her clothes. She stood motionless, not daring to even breathe. Could the soldier smell it too? She flipped the selector on her rifle to semi-automatic in case she needed to shoot her way out. The odds didn't look good if she had to resort to that though. 
A branch was pulled aside. Other branches swayed in front of her, but she still did not see the soldier. Then the branches stopped swaying, and boots pounded the ground away from the tree. She started to breathe again. She sniffed the air and realized the fir tree’s scent must have covered up the odor from her clothes.
She waited until the sound of footsteps could no longer be heard. Then she eased herself down and peeked through the sprigs. The soldiers who had passed her now marched toward the other soldiers.
Once the last soldier disappeared behind a tree, she climbed back down to the trail, turned toward the soldiers, and stood there staring toward where they had disappeared. Soon shouts erupted as the two groups met up. She could have let them argue for a while, but they would probably split up with the second squad coming back her direction and the first squad turning back the way they had come. Kat did not want them turning back in direction of her parents and James.
“Don’t shush me!” Kat yelled. “We’re past them now.” The soldiers’ shouting grew louder. Kat chuckled. The first squad was probably berating the second squad for letting Kat, her parents, and James to somehow slip past them.
She darted ahead, always keeping just out of the sight of the soldiers behind her. She thought if she kept yelling, they might catch on that she was purposely leading them. Instead, she grabbed onto a branch, put on end under her boot, and pulled up on the other end until the branch broke with a resounding crack.
Then she caught sight of a soldier far ahead. She dove behind a tree and listened for a couple of seconds. There were several soldiers in still another squad coming down the trail.
She quickly glanced around. She swore to herself. There wasn’t any good hiding place—especially considering the groups were going to meet up around where she now stood. And they would be remembering how they had been outsmarted back down the trail. They would turn over every leaf and look up every tree in the vicinity. She had no choice. She had to get out of there and fast.  
She climbed up toward the top of the ridge. Running uphill is always harder, like running with a heavy pack on your back. She glanced back toward the trail and spotted a pair from the third squad. Shouts erupted from down the trail in the other direction, and, then the new group shouted back.
 Rifle fire echoed from below, and leaves kicked up behind her. The soldiers had spotted her, but they had not properly adjusted for the distance when they fired at her. She cut behind a stand of trees to give herself cover before they could adjust. She continued to climb while bullets hit twigs and tree trunks all around her. More shouts came from the soldiers below.
Above, several small boulders marked the top edge of the ridge. She pushed toward them. A bullet hit one of the rocks, throwing up shards as she passed. She dove behind the rocks and then froze. Her situation had not gotten better.
Ahead, a pack of four raptors stared at her from a mere fifteen yards. No more than a step and a leap for them. But they did not instantly jump on her; they only stared. She slowly pulled her rifle around until it pointed at the nearest of them. She slowly shifted the lever from semi-automatic to automatic on her rifle.
One raptor appeared to sniff the air. A second one sniffed as well. Then sounds came from down the slope behind her. The soldiers were climbing up after her.
The raptors’ attention switched from her to the sounds behind her. One of the raptors craned its head toward the others and made a clicking sound. Two of the raptors immediately darted toward her left. She swung her rifle in their direction, but the raptors skirted wide of her. The other two darted to her right. She swung her rifle in their direction, but late. They did not attack her though. Both sets of raptors disappeared into the trees behind her.
Kat felt as if she had just won the lottery, and she wasn’t about to double-check the numbers. She sprang to her feet and dashed from the edge of the woods across the flat top of the ridge toward a grove of trees. She glanced back repeatedly, expecting the raptors to change their minds and attack her. But there was no sign of them.
Just as she reached the bushes surrounding the grove, shouts arose from behind. She ducked behind the nearest bush and peered back. She saw nothing move. Gunfire broke out as well as more shouting. Then a man’s scream.
She hesitated for a moment, wondering what had just happened. Why hadn’t the raptors attacked her? They appeared to have been sniffing the air. Did the smell of biodiesel still on her clothes somehow make her a less attractive meal? And that clicking noise the raptor made. What was that about?
She didn’t have time to dwell on it though. The raptors only attacked the men because they had not seen guns before. They may kill some of the soldiers, but eventually the soldiers would win out. They would either kill or drive off the raptors, and then they would be back to hunting her down. In the meantime, the raptors had given her a chance to get a head start with maybe enough time to lose her pursuers.
She crossed through the small grove and then made a trail northeast through the tall grass on the other side. Hopefully, once the soldiers picked up her trail, they would continue in that direction. As soon as she reached the edge of the next woods, she turned right just deep enough into the trees that she wouldn’t be spotted by the soldiers once they came out of the grove. After a while she stopped to catch her breath before she marched on at a more sustainable pace. She had to find where the others had gone. She hoped they had not run into as many troubles as herself.

Behind her there were soldiers who may or may not have been given the slip. Somewhere ahead of her were her parents and James who may or may not have gotten into their own trouble. And all around her were places where rexes or raptors may or may not be waiting to ambush her. To say that anxiety in Kat was high might have been a bit of an understatement.
She knew the general direction her parents and James had headed when they had split up, but she had no idea of their progress or whether they had deviated from their original direction. The problem was that neither she nor her parents could announce their position without possibly bringing the soldiers’ attention on them. It was like lightning bugs trying to find each other in the night but not being allowed to light up their tails. Just flying around in the dark, hoping not to get eaten by anything.
As she got close to where she thought the others might have gone, she slowed and scanned for evidence of their passing. Of course, there were trails. Hadros made all kinds of trails. No doubt raptors and anklos had passed through as well. She searched for something that was more definitive of a human. A partial boot imprint or a loose thread.
Kat zig-zagged toward the south, staying on high ground when she could so that she could keep an eye looking out over the grasslands she passed. For quite some time, she saw no signs of soldiers. But nor were there signs of her parents, and that was discouraging.
Then her eye caught something. Fresh grass lay on a hadro path. Grass clean-cut by a blade like a machete, and hadros didn’t use blades the last time she checked. She turned and trotted down the path leading out of a high woodland eastward down toward a grass-covered valley. Her parents and James were somewhere ahead, and she needed to catch up. She was sure of it. 
She hurried along the path, keeping an eye out for any sign they had veered off of it, and she watched for signs predators were ready to ambush her. She reached the end of the field and started into another stretch of woods. 
She stopped. In the middle of the path ahead was a puddle. A boot print was stamped along its edge. Something about the print didn’t look right to her though. She put her boot down next to it and realized the size was wrong. It was bigger than what James’s or her dad’s boots would have made.
She burst into a dash down the path, her rifle swinging like a pendulum in front of her. She had to catch up with them before whoever made the boot print did. And she had no idea how far ahead they were. She slowed to a trot. What if only soldiers had gone down this path? Perhaps they had cut the grass with a blade.
The reports of rifle fire echoed through the woods. Her heart skipped a beat before she raced off toward the shots. She worried for her parents. What if they were now dead as she played hide and seek with the soldiers? She would never be able to forgive herself. She rushed on.
The woods ended, and grass covered a small valley spread out below her. A rifle from somewhere off to her right popped off two more rounds. She scanned below and spotted someone hiding behind a fallen tree near the bottom of the slope. It was James, but where were her parents?
She turned toward the rifle fire and sprinted to a large oak. She peeked around the side but could not see the shooter. She dashed forward to a fallen tree. She spied over the trunk and spotted a soldier pointing a rifle down toward where James was trapped.
With no hesitation, her rifle went up, she squeezed the trigger, and a single pop echoed through the woods. The soldier jerked, arched his back, and then slumped forward.
Another soldier jumped up from next to him and Kat put a bead on him. Then he disappeared into the woods before she could pull the trigger. She briefly considered chasing after him, but her thoughts went to James and her parents. Were they all right? She rushed down the slope toward where James hid. She hoped he nor her parents had been shot.
“You hurt?” Kat yelled out ahead as she hopped over a log. She searched for her parents as she scampered down toward James.
“That you, Kat? Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes.” James’s head popped out from behind the downed tree. “Yeah, I’m okay. Thank goodness you came when you did. I was stuck down here with no gun.”
“Where’s my mom and dad?” She reached the bottom of the slope and stood in front of him.
“I don’t know.” He shook his head. “I’d hoped you would have run across them.”
She squinted at him. “What do you mean, you don’t know? I left them with you.” 
“I’m sorry.” He sighed. “They were closing in on us back there. We weren’t going fast enough to keep ahead of them, so I had your mom and dad hide in under a bush until I could lose the son of a bitches. Circled back for them, but they were gone. My pack and the fuel were still there, but they were not.”
Kat felt a sudden spike of apprehension. “Did those soldiers get them?”
“I don’t think so. There was a stick arrow pointing ahead. So, I went in that direction. Then I saw the cut grass on the path that your dad must have left for a clue. But when I got to here, I still did not see them. They must have turned off somewhere, but I couldn’t see where.”
Kat took a deep breath after her initial fear was allayed, but she still needed to know where they were and if they were safe. “We should go back then.” Kat pointed back up the trail. “Find where they turned off.”
“That’s what I was about to do when they started shooting at me,” James said.
“Well, they’re gone now. We should …”
“Hush.” James put a hand over her lips. Faint voices came from above. Soldiers were returning and it sounded like more than one or two. “Come on. We can’t go back that way.” James placed a hand across her back and nudged her forward.
But Kat resisted. “What about my mom and dad?”
“We’ll be no good to them if those son of a bitches put holes through us. Let’s get the hell out of here.”
He had a point, so Kat raced with him across the field toward several huge boulders which sat on a little knoll. If they could make it to the other side of those, the soldiers would not have a clear shot at them. Then they could race for the woods beyond.
James did not move as fast as her. He still carried the fuel cannister which was not that heavy, but it was clumsy to carry. Kat considered asking him to abandon it, but she knew the fuel was their only chance at being able to get back anytime remotely soon. She watched their backs to make sure the soldiers did not suddenly appear and start shooting at James. If he needed cover fire, she was ready to provide it.
She reached the boulders first and stopped. Turning around, she pointed her rifle back up the trail. The first soldier appeared from the trees behind James just as he reached the boulders. He squeezed behind the first boulder next to her as she fired off a shot at the first soldier about two hundred yards away. The soldier stumbled and clutched his thigh. Kat had been off on her shot, but it didn’t matter. It would keep the soldiers from advancing too fast.
She ducked as bullets zinged off the boulders around her.
“Crap!” James swore. “Ahead of us. Look.”
Kat turned. Just ahead of them, a herd of half a dozen pentatops grazed on a few low shrubs. Although herbivores, they were hardly docile creatures.
“Crap! Not again,” Kat swore.
“Again? Again what?”
Kat glanced back at the soldiers. “Second time today being caught between the fricking soldiers and dinosaurs.” She ducked again as bullets ricocheted off the boulder. There were at least eight of the soldiers, and some were slowly advancing while others provided cover fire.
Kat peeked at the pentatops lazily chewing the shrubs. “What do we do now?” They were trapped with only one rifle between them. Going left or right would turn them into easy targets for the soldiers. They couldn’t dare march toward the pentatops—their chances were better against the army behind them.
James peered around the boulder in front of them at the pentatops. “I’m reminded of a story my mom and dad used to tell.”
Kat squinted at him. “Not that I don’t like to listen to you, but I don’t think this is a good time for a story.”
James ignored her. “They went with some guys to try to hunt pentatops.”
“Hunt pentatops, huh? That sounds pretty crazy.” Kat glanced over the boulder at the advancing soldiers and ducked again as bullets zinged off the rocks by her head.
“Yeah, I agree, pretty crazy all right. But the point is when they shot at a pentatops, all they did was make it mad, and it charged straight at them.”
“Oh.” Kat saw what James suggested. She grinned. “So, maybe we should go pentatops hunting right now.” 
“Exactly what I was thinking.”
Kat  moved around to the other side of the boulder that had been between her and the pentatops; she raised her rifle and fired off six quick shots at the animals. The animals raised their heads, and some turned their snouts towards Kat and James, but all still held their ground.
She fired off three more shots. Two of the pentatops facing her suddenly bolted forward. 
“Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all,”  Kate mumbled as she stared. The rest of the herd now followed the first two, and all six charged toward her and James.
Kat ducked back behind the largest of the boulders and pushed her back up against it, the two of them now hidden from the beasts. The thundering gallop was felt as much as heard. The pounding grew in intensity. Then rifle fire cracked above the din as the first pair of pentatops rumbled past them. The others passed them seconds later.
Kat rose and stared for a moment at the chaos behind them and then turned. “This is our chance. Let’s go.” She sprinted away from the boulder and the soldiers, and James was right behind her. Kat’s mind never stopped wondering about her parents. Were they having any easier of a time than her and James? 
Chapter 12

Once they reached the trees, Kat and James turned right and headed south, always within sight of the woods’ edge so they could watch for trails entering the woods. Each trail they spotted, they crept up on it and examined along it a ways for any sign people had been on it. Boot prints. Grass or twigs cut by a blade. A thread caught on a thorn. They saw no such evidence.
After several miles of hiking from where they turned south, a buzzing sound came from the sky off to their right and behind them. Faint at first, it grew. Kat scurried behind a particularly large tree, and James followed right behind. The buzzing grew louder and louder until the quadcopter was almost on top of them, but it flew over and off toward the southeast.
Kat peeked out from the side of the tree as it departed, recognizing the copter as the one belonging to the soldiers. James was right behind her, and she felt his warm breath over her shoulder. His hand rested on her shoulder. She longed for him to hold her and tell her everything was going to be all right. 
He stepped away from the tree instead and walked through the woods lugging the fuel cannister at his side. The moment had passed, and she followed behind him as they continued hiking.
They heard the copter return, but it passed to the east of them by some distance. It appeared to be flying in a zig-zag pattern, no doubt searching for them. They marched on.
After a few hours of hiking, the woods suddenly ended as the land in front of them gently sloped down into a valley. Other than a narrow zone of shrubbery next to the woods, the valley was mostly covered by grass. Only an occasional bur oak dotted the landscape below. Through the middle of the valley ran a river. The same flooded river that had nearly drowned Kat’s mom, only they now stared at a spot upriver from where they had crossed earlier. At the edge of the woods, a tall oak tree, leaves still green and with roots still clutching dirt, had fallen across crushed shrubs that had neighbored it. Probably all victims of the recent storm. 
James sat on one of the Oak’s thick boughs and stared out across the valley. He pulled out his canteen and took a large swig before holding it out for Kat. Hers was empty, and she now regretted having poured the water out on the trail around the treacherous corner above the soldier’s camp. James handing her his water was a reminder that her water filter pump was now in the bag her mom carried. And that made her wonder once again whether her mom and dad were safe.
“I don’t like our options here.” James frowned and stared to the left and then the right. “River’s too wide and too fast to cross ahead. We could go to the right, but we know what’s back there. Left, on the other hand, takes us further away from the copter, and we’ve no idea how far we might have to go before we can cross.”
Kat didn’t like their options either, but she had made up her mind already. “We’re going back west.”
James turned and stared in that direction as if he could already see the future there. “Back toward the soldiers trying to kill us? Was sorta leaning the other way.”
“My mom and dad are back that way.”
“Maybe. Or maybe we just missed their trail.”
“If they are out beyond us, then they are probably safe for now. But if they are back there …” Kat’s voice trailed off as she jabbed a finger back toward the west. She couldn’t bear to think about the possibility of the soldiers having caught her parents.
“Okay, I get it. You’re worried about them. But there are a lot of soldiers back that way. Not to mention, we’d be exposed when we cross that wide-open field.” James pointed a finger across the field.
Kat turned and stared at James. “What would you do if it were your mom and dad?”
James sighed, and his eyes turned to hers. “All right. Let’s do this. But what if the copter returns while crossing?”
Kat stared out across the grassland. “Those brontos. If we’re caught in the middle and we hear the copter, then we head for them. Keep one of ’em between us and the copter so they never sees us.”
James chewed on his lower lip, thinking it over for moment. “What if we’re half-way to the brontos when we hear it coming?” If that happened, there probably would not be enough time to either reach the brontos or return to the woods where they now sat before being spotted.
Kat shook her head. “Yeah, it’s risky. But that’s going to be true no matter what we do. Just different risks. At least back that way, we know a spot where we can cross the river.”
“All right, we go back toward the Mississippi.” James frowned. Kat knew he didn’t like the decision, but he was willing to go along with it since the other options were not much better. He chewed on his lip again. “What do you think? We have an hour, maybe an hour and a half of daylight left.”
“After last night, I doubt those guys much want to be out here after dark. They’re probably starting to head back to their camp already. So, unless their copter returns, we’re probably safe from them until the morning. To be honest, I’m more worried about a rex showing up.”
“Yeah, that occurred to me too—but who’s keeping count of the dangers. All right then, let’s get across before the sun goes down on us.” James rose to his feet and hefted the fuel cannister. He marched in the general direction of the brontos, and Kat followed a few steps behind.
The sky was still blue with only a few billowy clouds off on the southern horizon. It was not for the clouds that Kat watched the sky though. Actually, she knew she would hear the copter before she saw it. Hopefully, long before, but she searched the sky anyway. The only sound, though, was the occasional grunt from one of the brontos. Or maybe they weren’t grunting. The air stank of manure, and it only got worse the closer they got to the huge eating machines until Kat and James were practically next to the nearest one. They were going to skirt so close to the animals, they would be able to stroke the last one’s tail.
“Better watch our step, or we’re gonna smell like this for a week,” James said.
Kat laughed. “It’s not like we’re gonna not see their—” 
“Get down.” James dropped to his belly.
Kat dropped down as well and scanned ahead. She spotted what had gotten James’s attention. Movement across the valley on the other side of the brontos. More of the damn soldiers. Why had they not already headed back toward their camp? These soldiers were in the category of not learning from even their own mistakes.
“Did they see us?” Kat whispered.
James peeked up. “No, I don’t think so. What was it you said about them all being back at their cozy camp by now?”
“I guess we really pissed them off.”
“You think?” James belly-crawled left, dragging the fuel canister with him, toward the tail draped on the ground behind the behemoth.
Kat followed, and they both pressed up next to where the tail as thick as a tree trunk, her head next to James’s shoes. The tail smelled bad too. She peeked over the top and spotted seven soldiers. They marched slowly from her left to right, but there was no indication they had seen her or James. However, Kat did not like the direction the soldiers were headed. Their current course would take them closer and behind the brontos.
“If those bastards don't change course,” Kat whispered, “they're going to get to where they see us.” 
James peeked to assess the situation for himself, but then the tail which hid them suddenly twitched. A moment later it slid forward. The bronto had taken a step. Kat pounded on James’s boot, and he belly-crawled to stay with the tail. By the time the tail stopped moving, they were four yards from where they had started. A single step for the behemoth.
James kept crawling though, and then he went around a large bronto pie the tail brushed up against. It wasn’t the first pile the tail had brushed against. She scrunched up her nose and tried not to breathe as she followed James.
She lay next to him once they reached other side, and they both faced toward the end of the tail, their noses practically buried in the two-foot-thick pile of dung. But she had to breath, and she thought for a few seconds she was going to pass out. As her head started to clear enough for her to think again, she realized the bronto pie might not be high enough to hide them if the soldiers were too close. It looked like they would be.
Kat scooted back a bit from the fuel cannister wedged between them. Then she slid over the top of James.
James tensed. “Whatcha doing?”
“Don’t get too excited. I just need to get to the other side of you.”
“Okay.” James turned his head toward her. “But why?”
“You’ll see.” She reached down and pulled the knife out of the sheath strapped to her calf. She glanced back at the bronto’s head. “Sorry, girl.”
Kat rose onto an elbow and peeked at the soldiers. None seemed to be looking in her direction at the moment. She swung her knife up and down into the giant tail next to her. The blade was buried for just a instant, and then she pulled it out and dropped down as low as she could go.
“Don’t move.” Kat stared at James’s open mouth.
The bronto was so long, it took a second for the pain signal to even reach the giant’s tiny brain, although it didn’t take long for its tiny brain to process pain. The tail stiffened and rose. The long neck and head craned around to its right until it stared at the soldiers.
Then it swung its head hard to its left. The thing about a bronto is that whichever direction its head is going, its tail is heading in the opposite direction.
The tail which had swung over Kat’s and James’s heads when the bronto peered back at the soldiers now swung back over their heads again.
The soldiers did not pay attention to the tail until it was too late. The closest soldier was hit in his rib cage by a section of the tail still thickness of a man’s leg. The man’s arms and legs wrapped around the top and bottom of the tail as he was carried along, all his ribs no doubt already crushed, lungs collapsed, and internal organs critically wounded. The guy would have been better off getting hit by a truck. When the tail eventually stopped, he was flung forward to crumple into a heap. Kat was sure the man was already dead.
The middle of the tail was already returning, but the end of the tail still flew toward the other soldiers, and the tip was accelerating. One soldier still stood in the way; the tail came at him so fast, he had no time to react. A bronto’s tail is nature’s biggest weed wacker, and the soldier was the weed.  The tail whipped past him, and his head rolled away from the rest of his body. Finally the tip of the tail reached its end, and since it was traveling faster than sound, a shock wave formed. A loud crack split the air like a gunshot.
The other soldiers finally realized how dangerous the bronto’s tail was to them. Even though they were already beyond its reach, they scrambled to what they thought was a safer distance and then stared back at the bronto and their now dead comrades. For a minute they all seemed to be in shock. Then they started yelling at each other. After several minutes, the shouting subsided. One of the soldiers pointed out toward the dead soldiers, and the other four crept forward to retrieve the bodies once the bronto’s tail stopped swinging. The tail was still held stiffly aloft by the bronto as they rushed in and dragged the two dead soldiers away.
Kat and James lay hidden until they were sure the soldiers were out of sight before they left the bronto behind. By then the bronto had settled down, and its tail rested on the ground once again. They quickly checked the spots where the soldiers had died in case anything useful got left behind. Kat had hoped for a spare canteen, a second rifle, or even a magazine with more rounds. Hers was down to about half. But nothing was found, so they continued toward the slope ahead with its tall trees. 
Near the base of the slope, water seeped out of exposed limestone from where it dripped down and formed a small pool. Green moss grew over some of the wet limestone. The pool itself had no outflow but slowly seeped into the ground instead. Kat and James filled their canteens from the pool, drank their fill of the cool water, and then refilled their canteens.
The sun sank into the trees in front of them as they skirted along the side of the slope. They stopped at a small ravine and gathered up sticks for a fire. As the twilight disappeared, they got a small fire burning and sat down next to it, exhausted.
Kat leaned back against an old log and dug into her mother’s pack. “Want a protein bar?” She waved it in front of James until his hand shot out and snatched it away.
“What do we do now? We can’t just keep looking for your parents.”
Kat ripped open the packing on her own bar and tossed the wrapper onto the fire. “Yeah, I know. We have to head back to your copter and hope they do too. I don’t see another choice.” She took a bite out of her bar. “My mom has my pack, so they have my water filter, hammocks, matches, and a knife.”
“And two rifles with nearly full magazines,” James said. “They’re better equipped we are.” James stopped munching on his bar. “Do you hear that?”
The distant buzzing of the copter taking off was unmistakable. “Crap!” Kat stuffed the rest of her bar into her mouth and started shoveling dirt onto the fire with her hands as she tried not to choke on the mouthful of chocolate and granola. James joined her until the flames were smothered.
It was dark except for where a bright light shined down out of the copter that flew over the ridge just to the north of them. 
“Man, that general guy must be totally pissed if he’s sending them out looking for us after dark,” James said.
“Yeah.” Kat sighed. “I have that effect on guys. Some guys are just irritated by me. Others want to kill me.”
James chuckled. “I never found you irritating.”
Kat smiled in the dark woods. “Awe, that’s the sweetest thing anyone’s ever said to me.”
“Never said I didn’t want to sometimes kill you.”
Kat tossed a stick at him before turning back to their buried fire pit. “I’m going to get the fire restarted.” Kat picked up the stick and poked it at the dirt, revealing a few glowing embers.
“What if they come back around?”
Kat dug up a few more embers. “We have to get this fire restarted. Otherwise, we’re raptor chow. We’ll keep it low, and if we hear them coming back, we’ll put it out again. It’s either that or climb one of these trees in the dark and sleep on a branch all night.”
“All right, then,” James said. “I’ll take first watch, and you can get some shuteye.”
“Remember, my mom has the hammocks, so we’re sleeping on the ground tonight.”
 “Great! With all the bugs.” James tossed a stick on the small flame which had blossomed from the embers.
“If you don’t bother them, they won’t bother you.”
“No, doesn’t work that way.” He slapped his neck where a mosquito had found the gap above his collar.
Kat used her hands and raked a bunch of dead leaves into a pile. Then grabbed her mom’s pack, now hers, and used it for a pillow. She raked more leaves over the top of herself as a blanket against the bugs. She hoped her parents were all right. She glanced at the fire. “James?”
“Yeah?” He turned toward her.
“I’m glad it’s you that’s here with me.”
“Ooh … What do you wish on those you don’t like?”
She giggled. “Wake me in three.” She rolled onto her side but did not fall asleep easily. Her parents were still on her mind.
 
Chapter 13

Kat smothered the fire and woke James at the first hints of twilight. It was still too dark to see the smoke which hugged the ground, but its acrid odor filled the air. 
As soon as they could see ten yards ahead, they began hiking. A thick fog hid the sunrise and painted the early hours of the morning gray. Kat led, carrying the rifle, while James trudged behind carrying the fuel cannister. He switched from one hand to the other to give each arm a rest. Kat had mixed feelings about the fog. It did a great job of hiding them from the soldiers, but dinosaurs could use it to hide as well. Their chances, if they came face to face with a rex, were not much better than fighting the soldiers with only one rifle.
“Hold up. I need a rest.” James set the can down and stretched his arms.
Kat turned back and stared down at the can for a moment. “There’s got to be a better way.” She snatched the machete hanging off James’s pack and slashed a sapling at its base.
“Whatcha thinking?” James peered at her.
 She cut it to a six-foot length. “We’ll put this through the handle, and we can put the weight on our shoulders. Split the weight between us and not on our arms.”
James squinted at her. “That’ll leave you only one hand on the rifle. This fog’s still thick. If raptors appear, you need to be able to react fast. There’s got to be a better way.” He took off his pack. “It won’t fit inside, but perhaps we can attach it to the outside.”
Kat stared at the pack for a moment. “Can you hand it over?”
“Whatcha thinking now?”
“Gonna put all your stuff in my pack.”
“Yeah?” James was looking for the rest of the plan.
“Then gonna convert your pack to carry the fuel.” Kat explained her plan as she pulled stuff out of James’s pack and stuffed them into hers. She left out a roll of duct tape on the ground next to her. Her knife easily cut slits down each side all the way to the base. Then she cut the sides away from the base.
“Give me a hand,” she said. “Grab the can and stuff it in here.” James did as she asked, and she clipped the buckles on the top. The fuel cannister was now in the pack but stuck out both sides. Kat wrapped duct tape a few times around the pack to make sure the can stayed in place. “There, give it a try.”
James hefted the modified bag and place arms through the straps. He adjusted its position a bit and nodded. “Not bad. Sure beats carrying it the way I was before.”
“Here.” Kat handed him the machete. “And you can use the stick I cut for walking.”
They went back to hiking, and Kat was pleased they made better time. The fog was lifting, so they were able to see farther to spot rexes or spinos more easily. But it was still thick enough above them to hide them from the copter.
They came down from the side of the ridge as they reached the spot where Kat had shot the raptor on their way north. There was no sign their earlier encounter had ever happened, not even a skull or some bones. That meant a rex had been there. Possibly one of the two they had seen earlier, although those two should have been too busy with the pentatops. It appeared likely there was a third rex which roamed the area. A disturbing realization.
They treaded carefully through the woods of the small valley, stepping quietly and avoiding possible raptor ambush sites. The woods had been mostly dry when they had passed through earlier. Now it held many small ponds in low spots with dark water that appeared ominous under the thick woodland canopy, even though no motions were detected in any of the ponds.
Eventually they reached the spot where they had crossed coming north. The fallen tree on the other side still spanned across three-quarters of the river. But the older tree that had provide the rest of the bridge was now gone. It must have been taken by the same flooding that created all the small ponds. Kat noted the banks of the river were wet a few feet above the current river level, another sign the river level had been higher since they had crossed earlier and had come back down.
Kat stared at the gap and estimated it to be about eight feet. She could easily jump that far with a running start. She took a few steps back. She would jump upriver of the tree so she had time to come back up. Then she would catch the tree branches as she went by and pull herself up.
James stepped in front of her and grabbed her arm. “Don’t.”
“I can make it.” She stared back into his eyes.
“That current’s too strong. If it pulls you under those branches, and you get caught up in that, you’ll drown.”
She tugged herself free of his grip and glanced back at the river. She hated to admit it, but perhaps he was right.
“Look,” he said. “We can do this another way.”
She turned her head toward him.
“That tree over there.” He pointed to it a few yards upriver from them. “If I notch it right, I think I can get it to fall right on the other one. We’ll have a bridge all the way across.
Kat relaxed and nodded. “All right. I’m gonna look around. See if I can find us something to eat.” 
She popped the magazine out and counted the rounds left. Fourteen, including the one in the chamber. They couldn’t afford for her to use those for hunting food though. At least not yet. They needed those for fending off any raptors that appeared, and, if they faced a juvenile rex, they might go through the rest of the magazine. Not to mention what they would need if any of the soldiers reappeared.
Kat found a long stick and went hunting for whatever she could poke or clobber with the stick. Most likely snakes or frogs, maybe a small gator if she were lucky. She crept upriver along the shore for thirty yards and then turned left into the woods, circling around where James chopped at the tree.
She came upon a pond in the woods and saw movement in the dark water. Likely a small gator or a large fish stranded from the receding flooded river. She stayed very still, hoping that whatever had caused the swirls hadn’t noticed her and would swim within reach of the stick.
“Kat!” James screamed from back at the river. “Help!”
Kat instantly dropped the stick, turned, and dashed for James. She swung the rifle off her shoulder as she ran. A fallen tree blocked her path. She leaped over the trunk and dashed between two tall cottonwoods. 
Ahead, James held out his walking stick and swung the machete around as a raptor lunged toward him. The raptor pulled back just out of reach of his swing. Another lunged at him from the other side.
Kat flicked the selector to semi-automatic as she lowered the rifle. She was about to fire at that one, but then it was too close to James. James turned his stick at that one and poked it in the belly.
A third raptor was about to take advantage of James’s attention being diverted. Kat put the sight on that one and squeezed the trigger. The pop of the rifle firing echoed through the woods while the raptor staggered forward and collapsed at the back of James’s boots.
The other raptors turned toward her as she stepped forward toward them. Their heads swiveled to their fallen companion, twitching on the ground. The other two raptors turned and darted off toward the woods. Kat had her sights on a second one but, instead of squeezing off another round, only watched it disappear into the woods. James turned and swung the machete down on the prone raptor’s head. Blood splattered everywhere, and the raptor stopped twitching.
She lowered the rifle and trotted toward James. “You all right?”
“Yeah, I’m okay.” His eyes had been on the woods where the raptors had disappeared. They shifted to Kat and narrowed. “Next time don’t leave me alone. I almost got killed here.”
“I said I’m sorry.”
“No!” James threw his arms up into the air. “No, you didn’t. You asked if I was okay. Not the same thing at all.”
Kat dropped one arm down to her hip and shook her head. “I just fricking saved your life, and now you’re yelling at me?”
“Damn right I am.” He pointed emphatically at the ground between them. “You should have been here.”
“I was off getting us something to eat.”
“Meanwhile—” He jabbed a thumb into his chest—“those raptors were trying to eat me.” 
Why was he being so damn stubborn about this. She felt she needed to just yell at the top of her lungs and get it all out. “I wasn’t that far. I didn’t know the raptors had come.”
“Kat, I love you, but sometimes you’re just impossible.”
Kat opened her eyes wide. “What did you just say?”
“Well, yeah. As a friend.” James turned and raised the machete to continue chopping the tree.
Kat didn’t know how to respond as the moment turned awkward. She stared at him as he chopped on the tree and realized his arm was bleeding. “Your arm,” she blurted out.
James was about to swing when he stopped and twisted his arm to peer at the back of it. A slash in the sleeve of his shirt was red with blood.
“Let me look at it,” Kat said, stepping toward him. After a moment's hesitation, he held his arm out to her, and she took it. Pushing up his sleeve, she examined the wound, a three-inch gash across his forearm. 
“Yeah, one of those raptors did that. I guess he got me better than I thought.” James looked down at the wound. “Still, it’s nothing.”
“I’m gonna clean it anyway, tough guy.” Kat let go of his arm and rummaged through her mom’s pack. Besides protein bars, it contained a first aid kit. She pulled out a gauze pad and tape and set out to bandage the wound.
“There. How’s that?” she asked, stuffing the kit back in the pack.
“It’s fine,” James said. “It’s barely more than a scratch, really.”
“Okay, but my biggest concern is germs,” Kat said. “Raptors’ claws are not exactly all that clean.”
“Not much either of us can do about that now, can we?” James picked up the machete. “We can do something about getting across this river though.”
“Give me the blade.” Kat reached a hand outward.
James held the machete up instead of handing it over. “I’m fine. I can do this.”
“You have an injury. Here.” She held out the rifle. “You keep guard. Let it heal while I do the chopping.”
James relented and reluctantly handed over the machete. Kat grabbed it and swung away on the tree. She was worried and upset because her parents were missing. She was angry with herself for letting them both down and James as well. She took it out on the tree, giving the trunk hard whacks until it started tilting. Then she stepped around to the back of the tree and pushed hard on it until the trunk cracked, and the tree splashed into the river where they had hoped it would.
Kat turned toward the dead raptor. James stepped up next to her. “What’ll we do with it? That’s a lot of meat to just leave here with both of our stomachs growling, but it’s too heavy to carry.”
“Wish I still had the plastic sheet from my pack. It would have been nice to have a few steaks tonight. Maybe we should just start a fire back in the woods and cook a bunch of the meat right now.”
“That’s a bad idea,” James said. “No matter how careful we are, the smoke is going to give our position away. If nothing else the smell of burning wood will find its way all the way down to the big river. We save any fires until it gets dark.”
“Yeah.” She hated to admit it, but he was right. She stared down at the raptor for a bit longer and then raised the machete. A quick downward stroke severed the tail off, and Kat held it by its end as blood dripped from it.
“All right. Makes sense,” James said. “Not the best meat on the animal, but at least it won’t drip as much that way.”
“And still way better than snake,” Kat said as she whipped it around over her head as if it were a lasso, letting it fly off to the opposite bank. “Let’s get going.”
As they crossed the trees, Kat thought about how her mom had fallen the last time they had crossed. No one fell this time though. Kat grabbed the raptor tail from where it had landed, and she led the way up the bank.
She turned back toward James to see if his arm was really all right for climbing. “Frick!” she muttered. James peered over his shoulder to see what had gotten her attention, and then he scrambled up over the bank.
At the edge of the woods on the opposite side stood a rex, just about where Kat had stood when she had shot the raptor. The rex craned his enormous head one way and then the other, possibly looking out for rival rexes. This one was an adult but not nearly as large as the two who had taken down the pentatops not far from the spot. The rex snorted once and then again. Kat knew it was catching a faint odor, the odor of blood. Rexes were drawn to the smell of blood seemingly almost as fast as flies. The banging of the machete against the tree probably also helped the beast home in on them. 
Kat and James slid back into the tall grass for cover as the monster marched forward with its huge strides until it stood over the dead raptor. The rex craned its head again in each direction, maybe still looking out for the other two rexes. Then it bobbed its head as if it were a gigantic robin bobbing for a worm. The rex came up with the raptor gripped in its front teeth. It jerked its head upward and tossed the raptor farther back into its maw. Its jaws immediately snapped together, and half of the raptor tumbled to the ground. The rex chewed and swallowed the hunk of meat it had in its chops.
Kat nudged James and pointed toward the woods behind them. Even though the rex was on the other side of the river, it was time to make their escape while the dinosaur was busy with its meal. Kat followed James as he crawled until they reached the edge of the tall grass, and then they quickly darted behind a large cottonwood.
Kat felt uneasy in the woods. As if behind every thick growth of trees stood a rex ready to ambush them. They still traipsed across the flat valley floor of the river, and it was prime territory for another rex to claim as its hunting grounds. Would one smell the blood from the tail she held? Flies certainly had found it as she kept having to swat away the buzzing insects. If flies could smell it, then so too could a rex.
 
Chapter 14

They did not follow the same path as they had taken going north. Instead they headed straight for the slope on the side of the valley.
As they crept through the trees, Kat thought the shadows behind a stand of trees was suspicious, and she led James wide of the area. Then a rustling of leaves off to their left disturbed the otherwise tranquil stillness. Kat swung her rifle in that direction, but it was only an acorn which had fallen from the tree and rattled into a pile of dry leaves below. She chastised herself. Jumping at falling nuts. 
She glanced at the raptor tail still in her hand. They had just seen how the last rex they had encountered smelled the blood of the raptor from a distance, and she wondered if subconsciously she worried another might track them down. Perhaps it was also a sense of guilt she felt over having left James unguarded while the raptors had come, and now she wondered if she put him in further danger by carrying the tail. On the other hand, they need the meat. A long hike was going to burn through a lot of calories. She tried to relax a little but found it impossible until they reached the steep slope and began to climb. Only then could she let some of the adrenaline drain out of her system, and she could breathe like normal again. Once on the slope, they no longer had to worry about rexes, and raptors didn’t hunt by their sense of smell the same way rexes did.
Kat and James skirted along the side of the slope until they came across the deer trail they had used earlier. Then they followed the trail south for many hours. Near dusk, they came upon the cave that had sheltered them during the rainy night.
Kat gathered firewood, leaving James to skin and prepare the tail for barbequing. He got a fire started at the mouth of the cave, and she gathered more wood for the night. When she returned with her last load, they sat next to the fire and ate meat off of sticks. They sipped the last swallows of water that had been transferred to Kat’s canteen while James’s canteen sat on the fire. He had refilled it at the last stream they had come across, but now it had to be boiled before they could be sure it wouldn’t make them sick. Kat’s canteen was plastic, so there was no boiling it.
“You do think they are all right, don’t you?” she blurted out.
“Yeah, I do.” James tossed into the fire the stick that had skewered the meat he had eaten. “They lived on this world since the day Professor Rundcutt had his accident and transported your parents and everyone else here. You know their stories better than I, but I know they can take care of themselves around the dinosaurs.”
“I suppose,” Kat said. Her worries, though, were more about the soldiers. She felt the comfort of his touch on her shoulder blade.  
“You should get some sleep.” James removed his hand. “I’ll take first watch over the fire.”
“Yeah, sure.” Kat wished his hand had remained longer, but she knew he was right. She needed rest after the long day. Sleep did not come easy though. She could not help but wonder where her parents were and if they were safe.

The next thing she knew, James’s hand was on her shoulder again. “Your turn,” he said and then sat down next to her.
It had not seemed long enough. She stretched out her arms and sat up. She yawned and scooted over next to the fire while James grabbed her pack and used it for a pillow.
Kat turned her head slowly to the right and decided there was plenty of firewood before turning back to the fire. She stared at the flames dance and the embers glow a reddish-orange, but she saw them only for a short time. Staring into a fire’s flickering flames is a good way to get hypnotized and lost in thoughts. Kat’s thoughts were on her parents again. She worried, not knowing where they were and if they were safe. If only there was a way for them to send her a message. Like the message she never sent when she had been other-world for the past six months. No wonder her mom had been so angry. It was her merely covering up her worries over her daughter.
Somehow, Kat managed to stay awake through the dark hours of the early morning until it started to turn light. It was probably her worries which kept her awake.
She tossed a few sticks onto the fire and scooted over next to James. “Hey sleepyhead, time to get up. I’m gonna run down to the river and refill the canteen. Be back in a bit.”
“Wake me when you get back,” James moaned.
“You okay?”
“Just tired. Bit of a headache.”
Kat peered down at him. Dehydration could be the cause of the headache, so she fetched his canteen and had him drink some before she left.
“I’ll get up before you’re back,” he promised.
Kat filled up her plastic canteen from his and left it next to him. Then she tossed a few extra sticks onto the fire, grabbed the rifle, and headed down the trail.
Forty minutes later she returned with a full canteen which again needed to be boiled, so she again removed its covering and stuck it on the side of the fire. 
James finally rolled over and sat up, rubbing the back of his head.
“Headache still?” Kat peered at him. Then she pulled half a dozen small bulbs from her pack.
“What are those?” he asked.
“Arrowhead bulbs. Gonna roast them over the fire while we’re waiting for the water to boil.”
“They’re edible?”
“Oh, yeah. Even taste good.”
Kat set the bulbs over the fire and then turned toward James as she held up a stone she had found at the river. “I think we should leave a message in the cave. Just in case my mom and dad come here after we’re gone.”
“Okay, but what’s it going to say?”
“Just sit back and watch.” Kat used a sharp edge on the rock and etched out a straight line across on the right side of the cave. She carved out a half circle on top of the line and then gouged out two dots inside the circle. She made two much smaller half-circles above the line, one on each side of the bigger half-circle. Above it all, she etched out Kilroy was here. “If they see this, they’ll know we were here ahead of them.”
“What if they’re already ahead of us?”
Kat shrugged. “There are no signs of them here.”
“They might not have left any, or they might not have stopped here. Hell, they might even be taking an entirely different path than us.”
“Should probably get going then.” Kat pointed out of the cave. “As soon as your canteen is cool enough to handle.”
“Way ahead of you. I took it out of the fire while you were still creating your masterpiece here.” James waved his hand over Kat’s drawing.
“Kilroy’s masterpiece, you mean.”
“All right, Kilroy, let’s hit the trail.” James gingerly picked up the still warm canteen and slid it into its covering.
After smothering the fire, they were back on the trail. While hiking, they ate the roasted bulbs which tasted like a cross between sweet potato and corn. They soon descended down into the valley where Kat had led the rex away from the others and right to the spino.
A light breeze rattled the leaves as they reached the end of the willows and the beginning of the grasses that stretched out in front of them. There was no sign of the rex as they stared up and down the open valley, but it was a long way across, and they both hoped the rex which owned the valley was truly far away.
Kat went first, and James followed close behind. They crossed slowly at first, intending to race back to the woods at the first sign of trouble. As they got closer to the middle, Kat picked up the pace since they were now too far from the trees behind them to make a run for them. They needed to get across as quickly as they could.
A small herd of brontos became visible off in the distance to their left. Kat wondered if a rex watched the herd as they often did. They did not attack adult brontos though unless the bronto was injured or sick. Juvenile brontos tended to stick in the middle of the herds. However, occasionally one would stray a bit from the adults, and rexes viewed that as an opportunity. If a rex indeed stalked the herd, at least it would not be bothering her and James.
Still, they kept an eye out for the rex. Instead, it was their ears that warned them, and it wasn't the rex. A buzzing sound. A quadcopter headed their way.
Kat turned and quickly scanned the sky to the north. It was still a ways off, but it was headed their way. She glanced at the willows they had left, but they were too far.  The opposite tree line was even farther, and the grass around them was too short to hide them.
“We have to make a run for it,” James yelled.
“It’s too far.”
“Not the trees. The creek bed.” James pointed ahead.
Kat turned and ran. Behind them the buzzing grew louder. It sounded as if the copter were going to appear over the ridge to the north at any moment.
She reached the stream first and hopped down into its bed. “Come on!” She waved for James to hurry. Running with the fuel on his back was apparently harder than it seemed it should be.
James reached Kat, and he turned around and crawled down into the bed next to her. She searched for where the buzzing came, but still did not see the copter. That was a good sign. They had not been spotted yet. 
The bank was more vertical ten feet downstream from them and would provide better cover. “This way,” she said as she crawled toward the spot. James followed, and they pressed up against the bank.
Kat peeked over the top. The black quadcopter of the soldiers flew toward them from over the ridge they had hiked. Kat ducked and stared at James pressed against the bank. He stared back.
But then the buzzing stopped growing louder. After a moment Kat peeked again. The copter hovered over the willows they had left. Kat wondered if she or James had dropped something. Something that might tell the soldiers they had been this way. She doubted it though, and then a new thought crept into her mind. Perhaps her mom and dad were back there and had just been spotted. The longer the copter hovered there, the more convinced she became until she was ready to jump out of the creek and charge back toward their position.
But then the buzzing grew louder again with the copter heading toward them. Kat hoped those in the copter were only looking ahead. If they glanced down or back, they would spot the two hiding in the creek bed. The copter flew straight over their heads, and Kat waited for it to stop and hover over them. It kept going, though, and she breathed a sigh of relief. She raised her head to peek at the copter and saw it disappear over the ridge to the south of them. 
“Crap!” she exclaimed after she turned her head toward the brontos and saw a rex coming down the valley instead. 
James popped his head up to see what she swore at. “The copter must have gotten its attention.”
“It's not the same one as before. Our luck. This one’s a middling.” Kat wished it were a really big one instead like the one that had chased her earlier in the same spot. Big ones were slower, and Kat and James would have been able to outrace it to the woods to the south of them. This one they would likely not outrace. If they had gotten an earlier start on it, then they might have been able, but it was too late now. And if it were smaller, they could shoot it, although that would have used up most of the bullets they had left. But this one would only be stung by the bullets, not stopped.
“We should make a run for it before it gets even closer,” James said.
“Too late for that,” Kat said. “Just stay low. If it turns this way, we stay low and out of its sight, and we go up the streambed as fast as we can move our little legs.”
James glanced at the streambed and the path they would have to take before peeking back over the bank. The rex had reached the trail and stopped. It bobbed its head down low. “What’s it doing?”
“Looks like it’s sniffing the trail,” Kat said.
The rex raised its head back up and craned its head away from them. Then it craned its head in their direction and Kat and James ducked. The rex had sniffed their trail as if it were a bloodhound. It just couldn’t tell which way they had gone. Kat was set to race up the streambed in a crouch the instant the rex turned toward them. She peaked back over the bank once again. 
A buzzing noise came from their left. Faint. At first Kat thought the copter was coming back around. But the pitch was a little different and sounded like it came from out on the river. She couldn’t see the river but knew it had to be a motorboat.
The rex pointed its head straight ahead of its body and marched toward the buzzing down by the river.
Kat took a deep breath. “This is our chance. Let’s go before that boat passes, and he decides to turn around.” Kat did not have to ask twice. James immediately turned and climbed out of the streambed, and Kat was right behind him. As the two trotted for the woods to the south, Kat kept checking back over her shoulder to see if the rex had returned and to make sure those on the boat couldn’t see them through the brush.
Once they reached the woods, James stopped and leaned up against a tree, breathing heavily.
“You okay?” Kat asked.
“Yeah, just tired.” James turned and sat, his back against the tree. “Carrying this fuel is tiring me. Just need a few minutes to catch my breath, and then I’ll be good to go again.”
“All right.” Kat sat facing him so that they didn’t have a blind side. Kat had not known him to tire so easily. But true to his word, James rose after five minutes. 
They climbed until they reached the deer trail and then hiked south. At one point, Kat heard running water below them. They left the fuel cannister pack on the trail and hiked down the slope to find a spring, possibly fueled by the recent rains, gushing out of the rocks. They emptied their canteens onto the ground, preferring to drink the cold and better tasting spring water. Their canteens were refilled before getting back on the trail. As dusk approached they found a large pine tree to crawl under. Kat built a fire a short distance away and took first watch. James seemed to need the rest, so Kat let him sleep an extra two hours before waking him. He did not want to wake, but eventually rose and sat by the fire while Kat tried to get a couple of hours of much needed shuteye. But she could not stop thinking about her parents. And James. Why had he suddenly seemed to have lost his endless energy?
 
Chapter 15

The snapping of a stick woke Kat from the dream she was having. Her eyes popped open. “James, that you moving around?”
There was no answer. Kat raised her head off her pack and turned toward the fire. Except there was no fire. James lay on the ground next to the ashes.
“James!” she yelled.
His head jerked up and he stared straight ahead. Kat then saw the raptor no more than twenty yards away. It stared back at James and then turned its beady eyes toward Kat. It made that clicking sound they sometimes made while James raised the rifle and fired a single shot into its chest. It immediately dropped.
Kat jumped up into a crouch and scooted over to James. Leaves rustled in the woods in the same direction as the raptor, but she could tell the other raptors of the pack were scattering as was not unusual for them when one of them was shot.
“What happened?” Kat asked as they both rose to their feet together.
“I don’t know.” He glanced around as did Kat. “Guess I fell asleep.”
She stared at him. His eyes had dark circles around them, and his cheeks were sunken. His face was moist, and he seemed to move in slow motion. She reached out a hand.
“What you doing?” He recoiled his head away from her.
“Feeling your forehead, dummy.” She grabbed his shoulder. “You don’t look so good.”
He gave in and let her hand settle on his head. “Don’t feel so good.”
Kat pulled her hand away. “You’re running a temp. I think that scratch on your arm from the raptor got infected.”
“I thought it was just a lack of sleep.”
Kat took the rifle and let James rest on the ground for a while as she went to work restarting the fire. Then she cut strips of meat off the dead raptor and cooked them over the flames.
“Here.” She handed a stick of meat to James. “You need to keep up your strength. Drink plenty too.” 
After filling him with protein and water, she left him by the fire which would protect him from the raptors. Then she backtracked, carrying the rifle, and refilled their canteens. By the time she returned, it was a good hour and a half after sunrise. 
“How are you doing?” she asked as she covered the embers with dirt.
“Better, I think.” James stared down in front of his boots where the fire pit had been. Smoke no longer rose from there. “I’m sorry.”
“You couldn’t help it. We have to get back to the copter.”
“Yeah, I know. Lead the way. I’ll mange.”
Kat knew the food, water, and rest would only carry him so far. He was going to tire easily, and he really needed medical attention. Antibiotics. She put the pack with the fuel on her back and gave him her pack which was easier to carry. She walked in front but kept a close eye on him. They stopped frequently so he could rest, and she forced him to drink every time they stopped.
One of the times, as they rested, the soldiers’ copter flew past almost overhead. Kat and James crouched, hidden behind large trees and a thick canopy at the time, and she felt confident they had not been spotted. Her real worry was that their quadcopter had been found by the soldiers since she was sure James and herself were getting close. Her only assurance was that their copter could only be spotted if the soldiers flew straight over the top of it. Otherwise, the trees would keep it hidden.
“Come on,” she urged. “It can’t be much farther.” James rose slowly and followed as she again led them through the woods. 
James stumbled and fell to his knees. Kat turned and ran back to him. “Just sit down and rest for a minute.” She pulled out his canteen and held it to his lips. He drank some, but a lot just dribbled down his chin.
She considered leaving him somewhere and scouting ahead, but his current condition was the result of the last time she had left him alone without a fire for protection. She couldn’t build one here. It would be like shooting off a flare for the soldiers.
“We should get moving.” Kat rose to her feet. “I think we’re getting close.”
James stared down at his boots and gave a half-hearted attempt at waving her on. “Go on without me. I’ll catch up.”
Kat wasn’t buying it. “You’re getting up.” She grabbed his arm and tugged on it until he rose to his feet. “No chance I’m leaving you behind.” She slung the rifle over her shoulder and then placed his arm across her shoulders. James stumbled forward, using her as a crutch. Their progress was slow through the woodland. They had come down off the ridge and were now in a valley. Kat watched and listened intently as they marched. Anything could be in the woods. Raptors, rexes, or even soldiers—and she would need extra time getting the rifle off her shoulder.
They made slow progress, but at least they didn’t run into any dinosaurs other than an anklo which they gave a wide berth. Don’t bother anklos, and they won’t bother you is what everyone always said about them.
Kat stopped. A gurgling noise came from ahead somewhere not far away. A river. All the rivers they had crossed going north had already been crossed coming back. This had to be the river near where their copter went down, but which way? She looked to her left and then her right. The Mississippi was too close for the spot to be to the right.
She turned left. “This way. Almost there.”
James moaned, but his feet moved along with Kat’s.
“We gotta be close. Just hang with me,” she whispered. She kept moving forward step by step with James leaning on her shoulder. His weight there seemed to keep getting heavier and heavier, and still they seemed no closer to the copter.
Then she spotted an opening in the trees ahead. Light streamed down through a hole in the canopy. “I think I see the spot,” she said, trying to give James encouragement. “I don’t see the copter yet, but this has got to be it.”
Then a shout, in the eastern European tongue of the soldiers, echoed through the woods. Kat ducked down and pulled James down with her. She unslung the rifle from her shoulder and popped out the magazine. There was still no visual on the copter or whoever shouted ahead. She peered down at her magazine. Twelve rounds left.
“Stay here,” she whispered, glancing at James. She hated the thought of leaving him, but he did not look like he was going to be of much help in dealing with whoever was ahead. She would just have to come back for him.
Creeping forward, she used the trunks of the many large trees in the woods for cover, and then she darted forward to a half-rotted fallen tree. The clearing was just not far ahead, but bushes blocked her sight. She crept up to the bushes and peered between the branches.
Then she got a glimpse of James’s copter. At least it was still there, and that gave her hope. She removed the fuel pack, not wanting to be encumbered by it if she got into a firefight which was seeming highly likely. 
More bushes stood off to her right. She followed the bushes. Stepping lightly along their edge, she came to a stump, the grave marker of a long dead tree. No more bushes beyond it.
Over the stump, the copter was visible. Between her and the copter, a soldier stood with his back to her, and she started to raise the rifle but then stopped herself.
Directly behind the soldier was the copter, and she worried of further damage to it. She also needed to know more about the situation. How many more soldiers were around? Voices came from behind her. She turned but did not see anyone.
She peered back at the soldier once more and then crept in the other direction away from him. She glanced back to make sure the soldier by the copter hadn’t spotted her as she nestled herself between the trunks of two fallen trees. Then she peeked over the log and the low bank down toward the river.
Two soldiers sat in a small boat fifty yards in front of her while a third soldier laid his rifle in the boat and picked up a tool chest. He tottered as he stepped out of the front of the boat and then started marching up toward her.
She was running out of time. She needed to come up with a plan—fast. She glanced back toward the soldier behind her. She had to get him away from the copter. She did not want to get caught in a crossfire nor further damage the copter.
She glanced around and picked up a nearby stick. Tossed it high into the air to her right. Before it even came down, she picked up a rock and whipped it in the same direction as the stick. The stick landed with a loud thud while the rock rolled along and rustled leaves in the same vicinity.
The soldier by the copter took a few steps forward away from the copter just as Kat had hoped. But he stopped with a large tree directly in line between him and Kat. She did not have a clear shot.
Suddenly shouts rang out behind her. Kat spun her head, and her eyes locked with those belonging to the man carrying the tool chest. Recognition flashed in her head. Pete from the interverse flight. He recognized her too but did not stop pointing at her and yelling.
Kat swung her rifle toward him as thuds sounded from bullets hitting the logs around her and shots rang out from behind. She ducked down and glanced back. The soldier who had been by the copter ran toward her and fired on automatic. Bullets thudded against the downed trees and whizzed through the air over her head.
Kat swung her rifle back in his direction and squeezed off two quick rounds. The soldier dropped to his knees and fell forward. Kat pivoted toward Pete and those in the boat.
Pete planted himself face down into the sand. One of the soldiers in the boat fired rounds at her. His rifle stuttered on automatic and bullets flew around Kat, some thumping the log in front of her.
She popped up long enough to fire one round at the shooter, but he and the driver had ducked behind the console in the middle of the boat. Kat popped up three more times and fired shots into the console.
The motor on the boat hummed, and then a soft k’chink sound carried into the woods as its shifter was shoved into reverse. Water, thrust up away from the back of the boat, washed against the shore, and the boat backed out away into the river.
The driver slammed the shifter into forward and the boat spun toward downriver. That left the two in the boat more exposed. Kat popped up and fired three shots quickly into the one holding the rifle. He slumped over the railing on the side and, as the boat straightened back out, tumbled overboard along with his rifle. Kat fired three more times at the driver speeding away, but he had kept low, and she did not think she hit him. The boat hummed downriver, and there was nothing more she could do about it. The driver would alert others. If there was a radio in the boat, perhaps the other soldiers had already been alerted.
“You!” She pointed her rifle at Pete. She had just used her last round, but he did not know that. 
His head popped up and turned toward her. His eyes went up to the rifle muzzle pointing at him.
“Get your ass off the ground and march back to our copter,” she said. After he hesitated, she shouted “Now gawd-dammit and leave the fricking toolbox.”
Pete did as he was ordered and slowly marched toward the copter.
“Not so close to your comrade, there,” Kat said. “Or I’ll put a round in your backside.”
Pete gave the fallen soldier a wide berth whereas Kat stepped straight toward and over him, picked up his rifle, and dropped her old one on the ground. Pete craned his neck when he heard the rifle hit the ground, and he squinted. Then he smiled and shook his head. “Rifle have no bullets, hey?”
“I have bullets now.”
James appeared and had the two packs with him. Somehow, he had found a second wind. Perhaps it was adrenaline from hearing the rifle fire. Perhaps he just needed a short rest and was not as bad off as she had feared. 
Kat wished her mom and dad were with her, or she, at least, had time to wait for them. But she really was out of options. James and herself would have to fly to Ridgeback alone and have help sent back. She stared north and wondered for the umpteenth time where in the woods her parents were. Were they safe? 
Chapter 16

Kat ordered Pete to sit on the ground. Then she popped the magazine out and popped it back into the rifle. It was a solid mag, unlike those in the U.S. military rifles she had used several years back. The mags on those had been solid on three sides but with translucent backs and numbers so the number of rounds could be instantly seen with a quick glance. This magazine felt like it was about two-thirds full, about twenty rounds.
“Pete, does the guy in the boat have a radio?” Kat continued to point the rifle at him.
“He not have radio.”
“You came out here with no radio?” Kat squinted at him.
Pete’s eyes darted to the side. He would not make for a good politician.
“You’re lying.” Kat lowered the muzzle of her rifle until it pointed at Pete’s leg. “One more chance, and then I blow out one of your kneecaps.”
Pete’s lip quivered as he answered, “You not nice lady like on video. Radio is in box. Not want it to get wet.”
“The toolbox over there?” Kat nodded her head toward the box.
Pete nodded.
“How long ’til they return with reinforcements?”
“Don’t know.”
Kat squinted. “Which leg is your favorite.”
Pete put his hands over his knees as if that would protect them. “Don’t know. Could be half-hour. Could be hour. Could be two hour. Depend on where is copter.”
Kat looked at James. “All right, we’re going to have to hurry. Keep an eye on this guy while I fix the copter, and if he so much as much as sneezes, you can put a round through him.” 
Kat handed James the rifle. He sat on a nearby log as she grabbed the pack with all their stuff. She reached inside and pulled out the roll of duct tape. She glanced over at their prisoner as she walked toward the copter.
“What you do with me?” Pete asked.
“Bind your hands and feet with this tape.” Kat waved the roll. “Take you with us and turn you over to the authorities.”
Pete softly nodded as his gaze went to his boots, seemingly resigned to his fate.
Kat turned and examined the fuel tank on the copter. There were actually two bullet holes, but one was up high and would not be a problem unless they were flying upside down. No plans for doing that. She worried about the duct tape holding though. Her chemistry teacher in college had said “like dissolves like,” and she wondered if the adhesive on the tape was like the fuel. If it had the same properties, it might dissolve the adhesive and the tape would fall off. How about that? She actually got something out of her college science course.
She left the roll of duct tape on top of the tank and trotted over to where Pete had left his toolbox. She pulled out the radio and then rummaged for anything that might be better for sealing the hole on the tank. Her eye caught nothing obvious though. She settled on a flat razor blade and returned to the copter.
She set the razor blade flat against a piece of the tape she tore off and stuck the tape over the hole with the razor blade directly over the hole. Fuel would leak around the razor, but perhaps it would slow the leaking down so that the seal would hold long enough for them to get to Ridgeback. She tore off another piece of the tape and stuck it down over the first. Then she tore four more pieces and slapped them over each edge of the tape already covering the hole. After another round of placing tape over the edges of the tape already on the tank, she leaned back and examined her work.
She had thought about the flight back. James wasn’t in good enough condition, so she would have to pilot the copter even though she had nowhere near his experience. Her plan was to head directly west across the Mississippi for maybe ten miles and then fly north, keeping as low as she dared. With any luck, she would find a north-south valley she could follow. The soldiers’ copter would be on this side of the Mississippi, and she hoped she could avoid it. Then it would just be a matter of whether they had enough fuel to make it back. Even if there wasn’t enough fuel, they should be able to get within radio range.
She turned to check on James, but then she froze. The barrel of the rifle pointed directly at her chest. Pete held the rifle. James lay on the ground.
Kat’s face twisted up. “What did you do to him?”
“I do nothing to him. He just fall over. I grab gun. But now you do as I say, or I put bullet in your leg.” Pete waved the rifle toward her legs. “Sit down by him.”
Kat didn’t see she had much of a choice. She slid over to where James lay and put a hand on him. He burned with fever.
“What are you going to do to us?” Kat asked.
“Nothing,” Pete said. “I keep you here until other soldiers come. Where are other two?”
“Other two?”
“Your mother and father.”
So, her parents had not been caught yet. “Haven’t seen them since leaving your camp. I think they went north.” 
“Big river up that way. They cannot cross.”
“They were going to try anyway.”
“No matter. They be caught. We have soldiers everywhere.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Not supposed to tell plan.”
Kat brightened with a big smile.
“Joke? Did I say something wrong? My English still not too good.”
“No, that’s not it,” Kat replied. 
“Why you smile then?”
“I’m just happy to see my mom and dad.”
Pete jerked as a rifle muzzle poked him in the back. He turned his head only to see another muzzle pointed at his nose. “Drop guns, or I shoot girl,” he threatened.
“That would be the biggest mistake you could ever make.” Her mom pushed the muzzle of her rifle against his ear.
“Don’t be so damn stupid,” Kat said. “You shoot me, what do you think happens to you? Either we both die, or we both live. Which is the better option for you?”
Pete sighed as he lowered the rifle. Kat stepped forward and snatched it away. “Over there on the ground.” She pointed at a tree ten yards away.
As Pete plodded over to where she had pointed, Kat turned and hugged her mom. “I was so worried over you two.”
“Yeah, I know.” Her mom hugged her back. “We were worried about you too.”
“Did he do that to James?” Her dad still pointed his rifle at Pete. “So help me if he—"
“No,” Kat said. “He was scratched by a raptor and now has some type of infection. He passed out.”
Kat’s mom let go of her and rushed over to James. She put a hand over his forehead. “Oh, my! We have to get him back as soon as we can.”
“I know, Mom. I’m on it.” Kat rushed over and grabbed the fuel cannister. “Get James and yourselves into the copter.”
Her parents slung their rifles over their shoulders and carried James. Kat kept her eye on Pete as she poured the fuel into the tank.
“What about me?” Pete asked.
“Sorry, we’re overbooked,” Kat replied. “You will have to stay here.”
“But the dinosaurs. Have to leave me rifle.”
“Sorry can’t do that,” Kat said. “Last time we left your comrades a rifle, they shot up the boat we were trying to get away in.”
“Then you leave me to die.”
“How’s that different than you holding us here until your general came?” Kat asked. “You think he was going to let us live? Besides, climb a big tree and you’ll be safe until your friends come to get you.”
“And if they don’t come?”
“Then I guess you should have gotten better friends,” Kat said. 
A familiar buzzing filled the air. A copter headed their direction.
“Mom, Dad, in the copter. We got to get the hell out of here.”
Kat hopped into the pilot seat, but her dad hesitated. “You can fly one of these things?”
“Dammit. Get inside,” she yelled at her dad.
“I never knew,” he muttered as he scooted around to the front passenger side. Kat slid her rifle into the back between James and her mom who was already buckling behind her.
“I never knew before this trip that you swore so much,” her dad said as he slid the last door closed.
“It’s not like I’ve never heard either of you two swear,” Kat said as she flipped switches and started up the generator motor.
“That’s different,” her dad said. 
“How the hell’s that different?”
“We’re your parents.”
“Jeez! I’m twenty-four,” Kat muttered.
“At least she didn’t use the ‘F’ word,” her mom said.
“Not yet, but I’m working up to it,” Kat said to shut them up. “Now get your helmets on.” Helmets protected in a crash—there was a good chance this was going to end that way. She powered up the rotors as her dad buckled.
Then the black quadcopter flew past almost right overhead. Their own rotors’ pitch and volume rose before they lifted off, up through the opening in the canopy.
The black copter just started to bank around to the left. Had the soldiers spotted them, or were they simply coming around for another pass to find them? It didn’t matter. The soldiers would spot them any second now.
Kat steered their craft hard to the right and dove back down until they were just above the river. She banked the copter left as the river changed direction. She hoped they hadn’t been spotted yet, and this was their best chance of escaping unseen.
She navigated the twists and turns of the river as she stayed below the tops of the trees. James would have had no problem navigating the winding river, but its tight corridor challenged her. At times she flew under the canopy of overhanging trees. “Mom, look out the back and see if they’re after us.”
“I don’t see them anywhere,” her mom said after a moment.
Kat worried. Had they really lost the soldiers in the copter for the moment, or were they just above somewhere where they could not be spotted?
Ahead, the river they followed dumped into the Mississippi. Kat slowed the copter and banked it hard to the right. She wanted to keep as close to the trees on the right as she could. The trees hid them for the moment, and the longer they remained hidden from the black copter, the greater their chances of getting away clean.
Suddenly the black copter buzzed high across their path a few hundred yards ahead.
“So much for escaping unseen.” Kat kept her eyes on the other copter as it banked to the right. It had spotted them and came around to head them off. Kat banked to the left to cross behind the other copter. The black copter crossed their path and then also banked to the left to match course, but it had lost momentum and now trailed them by a hundred yards.
“Get those damn windows open,” Kat yelled, “and shoot ’em if they get too close.”
Her dad stuck his rifle muzzle out his opened small semi-circular window, but he didn’t have an angle.
 “They’re getting closer,” her mom yelled. “Can’t you make this thing fly any faster?”
“What do you want me to do? Flap my arms?” Kat yelled back.
“They’re shooting at us,” her mom said. Just then they heard the ping of bullet hitting the roof.
“Cripes! You don’t think I know that? Shoot back,” Kat shouted.
“I’m on the wrong side,” her mom said.
“I don’t have the angle,” her dad said.
“Knock out that rear window,” Kat said.
“How am I supposed to do that?”
“Use your butt.”
“My butt?”
“Of your rifle.”
“Oh, of course.” Her mom unbuckled as another bullet pinged off the copter somewhere. She grabbed her rifle and smashed the butt of it against the back window. Her rifle fired and put a hole through the middle of the windshield.
“Frick, Mom!” Kat cried. “Put the damn safety on first.”
“And there’s the ‘F’ word,” her dad said. “They’re coming up on my side.” Loud rattling filled the cabin as he fired his rifle on automatic.
“Sorry.” Her mom opened the window on James’s side, and more loud rattling sounded as she fired as well.
The other copter fell back. Ahead, the soldiers’ camp appeared. 
“Darn, I think I missed them. All those bullets, and I couldn’t hit them,” her dad said.
“We are going 160 miles per hour,” Kat said. “Did you account for that as a wind factor?”
“Dang!” her dad said as they buzzed over the sandbar with several soldiers pointing their rifles up. Kat was sure they were shooting at their copter, but the bullets were not hitting them. They were not leading their target. 
Then they were past the camp and approaching where the Wisconsin River joined.
“Oh dear Lord! I think they just fired a missile at us,” her mom said.
Kat banked hard to the right, and an instant later the missile flashed past on their left. Her mom, not buckled in, flew into the side door. Kat straightened their course.
“Oof!” her mom exclaimed as she flopped into her seat. “Warn me next time.”
“No time,” Kat said. “You should probably be buckled by the way.”
“You think?”
Meanwhile the missile hit the trees in front of them and exploded. They flew past as a tree just started to topple over. Kat veered the copter to the left. Her mom fired again at the other copter through her window. Empty shell casings bounced off the back of Kat’s head. Then her mom fired yet again, and the black copter veered away. Apparently, some of those last few bullets had struck their craft.
But they had not downed the craft. It crept forward toward them once again.
“Dang!” her mom swore. “Only got one bullet left.”
“I’m all out,” her dad said. 
“Switch to my rifle,” Kat said.
“This is your rifle.”
“Frick,” Kat muttered. How could they fire all those rounds and do so little damage?
“There’s that ‘F’ word again,” her dad said.
“Mom, you need to make that last one count. You have to hit that damn pilot. Same maneuver we used to take out the other copter. You up to it?”
“Let’s do it,” her mom said.
“He’s coming up on the wrong side,” Kat said as she spotted a warning light suddenly flashing on her console. They were almost out of fuel. They shouldn’t be running out already. Either her plug did not hold, or their tank had been hit again. “You’ll have to shoot him through the window on the right.”
“I got this,” her mom said.
“I know you do, Mom. Here we go. Now!” Kat veered their copter hard right. Looking past her dad, she saw the other copter and the pilot. His eyes were almost as wide as his mouth. The general sat in the passenger seat. His face was screwed up tight and his lips wore a scowl.
A shot rang out as her mom fired off her last round.
The glass shattered on the other quadcopter, and a hole formed to the right of the pilot. Her mom had missed both the pilot and the shooter though.
 
Chapter 17

Everything happened in slow motion. Kat realized they had just expended the last of their ammo in a futile attempt to take out the pilot. If she had time to think about it, she would not have blamed her mother for missing her target. It would have been an extraordinary shot had she been able to pull it off. But everything happened too fast.
The black copter dove as its pilot tried to avoid the collision. The pilot and the general disappeared downward.
But the rotating blades above the black copter became visible. The blades were so close. They looked like they were going to slice into their copter where her dad sat.
Her heart skipped a beat because that was all the time that had passed. Then the blades were below them. 
But they were still close. The tip of at least one blade caught the landing skid under their copter on her dad’s side.
“Ahh!” he yelled, thinking he was about to die.
Kat flinched, in anticipation of the disintegrated blade’s pieces flying through the cabin. Of course if they had, her flinching would have been after the fact. They did not pierce the cabin, though, and her dad did not die either.
They still flew, and Kat continued to bank the copter. Nothing but trees against the shore of the river. No place to land. They had to come down someplace, though, and soon. Or the copter was going to come down on its own without her controlling it.
She peered around through the window past her dad. An island was up that way with a several trees on its southern tip and a few more trees farther up . She continued to bank around.
She fumbled for the radio. Found its ON switch. She didn’t know if they were within range of Ridgeback, but she had to try.
“Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. This is Kat Faberley, along with my parents and James Spechright. We’ve been shot at by men dressed like soldiers. We’re out of fuel and going down. We’re an hour south of Ridgeback and attempting to land on a long sandy island. Repeat. We are out of fuel and going down in the Mississippi.”
“We’re outta fuel? I thought James said we should have enough to reach Ridgeback. We’re not even close,” her dad said.
“Our tank must have gotten hit again,” Kat replied. She wasn’t going to admit it might have been her patch job failing. At least not as long as there was another possible cause to blame it on.
The black copter was going down fast. Then someone jumped out and plunged into the river. Kat was pretty sure it was the general.
Then a second body jumped out of the black copter. He had not timed his jump well though. He plummeted to the island and crashed onto a rocky section.
The black copter crashed into the river west of the island. It floated for a short time as it was carried downriver. No time to watch to see if it sank.
She focused on getting them down. She brought the copter down just above the river, figuring if they suddenly ran totally out of fuel, the copter could be ditched in the water. Their chances would be better that way than if they plummeted from up high.
They flew just over the tops of the trees at the southern tip of the island, and then they flew over the body of the soldier. He did not move.
Kat stopped their forward movement fifty yards past the dead soldier and hovered the copter before two large trees. She was wary about the landing. The landing skid on the right side had no doubt been damaged, but she had no idea to what extent. She lowered the copter down as gingerly as she could, lowering them to the sand below. She dreaded suddenly running out of fuel, and the copter dropping like a rock. Dust erupted below, and vision out through the windows became hazy.
A slight jolt alerted when the landing skid on the left touched down. The right side kept going down, though, and the copter leaned. Kat realized the skid on the right was gone. At least for all practical purposes.
She cut the engines, and her eyes flicked to the spinning blades to the right. They had to stop spinning soon, or their situation could turn catastrophic. She was in a copter once before when the propeller frame had crumpled over rocks, deforming the frame, and causing two of the propellers too close together. The blades had exploded, shooting off fragments that had penetrated through the cabin and narrowly missed impaling her and others along with her at the time.
But the blades this time had not exploded. At least not yet, and they were slowing down when the compartment under her dad’s legs crumpled. His body stiffened as his hands clutched hard onto the console. He grunted in pain.
“It’s crushing my legs,” he yelled.
Kat popped her door open and ducked as she raced around the front of the copter. The blades had almost stopped spinning by the time she reached his side. She slid the door open and tugged on his legs along with him. Her mom was slower, but she came around too and pulled. But his legs were wedged in tight and did not come free no matter how hard they all tugged.
Something was needed to get down in there so they could pry upward. A bar of some sort. Kat scanned around, but there was nothing nearby on the island. Perhaps there was something like a crowbar in the bin mounted on the other side of the copter. She took a step away from the copter and stopped.
Fifty yards away a sopping-wet man tramped in from the shallow waters. The general. He had survived his jump from his copter, swam to the shallows, and now he marched up to and stared down at the man who had plummeted to his death on the island. The general bent over and tugged the dead soldier’s rifle away. 
He stared at Kat, grinned, and then pointed the rifle straight at her. 
Chapter 18

“Take cover.” Kat yelled as she dropped to the ground. She poked her head up when she realized no shots had been fired. The general seemed to be having trouble with the rifle. He tugged on it before tossing it aside. The rifle was apparently damaged when the soldier crashed to the ground.
Kat dashed to the back and reached over James body. So hot he radiated heat to her hand. She pulled out the machete from the sheath clipped to the back of her pack. She stepped around to meet the general.
He pulled out a pistol from a holster attached to his thigh and marched forward, carrying the weapon loosely at his side.
“Frick!” she muttered. She was about to die. Never bring a blade to a gunfight was the old saying. She had a gun. Three, in fact. But no bullets. She could only stand there as he marched toward her.
He stopped ten yards away and frowned. “You bring only that at me?” He squinted. “Ah, you are out of bullets.” He placed his pistol back in his holster. “You have been—how is it you Americans say it—a big thorn in my side. You have set my plan back months. I am going to kill you slowly so you feel it and know you are dying.”
“Actually, we say pain in the ass,” Kat said.
The general chuckled and pulled out a big knife from a sheath at his hip. The blade, nearly as long as Kat’s machete, caught no light and remained dark like carbon despite the bright sunshine. “I’m going to really enjoy slicing you up good and letting you bleed out slowly. Then as you bleed, I’m going to let you watch me slice up the rest of your family. Where are they, the two men?”
Kat left his question unanswered. Best to leave him wondering about them.
“They’re not already dead, are they? Because that would be a shame if I am not the one to kill them.”
Kat glared at him.
Her mom suddenly charged forward and planted herself between the madman and Kat. 
“Mom, no!” she screamed.
Her mom ignored her and planted her legs apart and waved a finger at the man. “You fricking leave my family alone.” Kat couldn’t believe her mom was being so stupid. She had no weapon in her hand. And she used the “F” word.
The general raised his non-knife hand and swung it backhanded hard across her mom’s scalp.  The blow sent her flying off to the side, and she lay dazed on the ground as the general stepped over her toward Kat.
Her mom had been knocked silly, her dad was pinned in the copter, and James was delirious. It seemed it was all up to Kat. She was fast, but the general appeared to be quicker than she had first guessed. He was definitely bigger and stronger than her. If she let him get too close to her, it would be all over.
She swung the machete sideways toward his midsection. He jumped back out of the way and countered with his own slashing swing. She jumped back too, but his blade came closer to slicing than hers did. He had a quick powerful stroke. Her blade was a little longer than his, but he had longer arms that more than made up for the difference in blade length.
She swung back the other direction, and he again leaped back out of reach. She twisted to the side as he thrust his knife toward her mid-section. Then he pulled back before her swing could sever his wrist.
Kat needed every advantage she could find. She turned away from him. Darted back next to the copter. The general strode toward her. She spun and faced him again.
“Can you at least tell me before I die,” Kat asked, “what this is all about? Why have you assembled a small army here? I can’t believe it was just to hunt me down.”
The general chuckled. “You were nothing until you started to be such a … pain in the ass, as you put it. My comrades are here to take back my homeland from the traitors who now sit in the capital.”
“In Transylvania?”
The general scowled. “Transnistria.” He swung his blade again at Kat’s midsection.
She easily stepped back out of the way. She had positioned herself so that in order for him to get close enough for a good swing at her, he would have to duck under a beam leading out to one of the rotors. He would be less nimble in that position, and she planned on attacking him then.
“So, you need the quadcopters, to somehow capture one of the interverse ships. Then you plan on using it to jump to Prime and catch those in your capital by surprise.”
“Something like that. We were all ready to go, but you ruined our plans. We need two quadcopters. And now thanks to you, we have nome.” He took another swing at her mid-section. Then he ducked under the beam before Kat could take advantage of his stooping.
Kat stepped backward. Ducked under another beam. “Your plan went south when your soldiers shot at us as we flew past. And then you sent the copter after us.” Kat swung the machete at him again, but he stepped back. “Your plan would never have worked anyway.”
“You don’t know our plan.” He swiped at her.
“No.” Kat jumped out of the way. “But I know some of the security features that protect the interverse ships that you probably don’t know.”
“I don’t believe you, and I’m going to slice you up anyhow,” he said.
At that moment Kat jumped up and planted her arms over the beam. She kicked out with both legs hard into the chest of the general. She had caught him by surprise. But he still caught one leg with his free arm and yanked her before he rolled backward onto his rear.
She crashed hard on her back against the ground and grunted. A sharp pain shot up through her spine, emanating from her tailbone. She lost her machete on the way down, and it took longer for her to recover than for the general.
The general rose to his feet. No choice. She willed herself to roll to her feet too despite of the numbness of her buttocks. She reached for the machete but had to jump back before she could grab it as the general swung his knife in an arc across her middle. The blade slice through her shirt. The tip just nicked the skin above her navel.
He stepped toward her. She turned away from him and stumbled back toward the two trees behind the copter.
The general marched toward her. “You can run, but you can’t hide from me. This island is too small. Besides, even if you could, you would have to watch from hiding as I killed each of your family.”
She turned toward him. The knife thrusted at her. She twisted away from it and behind the tree. He stepped around the tree and swung the knife in a downward angle across at her. She stumbled backward to get out of the way. Fell on her behind.
The blade hit the tree and stuck in the trunk. The general had to wiggle the knife to pull it back out. 
Time enough for her to get back to her feet. As she rose, her hand grabbed onto a thick stick. She swung it around at his face.
He stuck out his arm to block the blow. Winced as the wood cracked across his forearm. But he twisted his hand and grabbed onto the end of the stick. Yanking it toward himself, he jabbed upward with his knife.
Kat spun away. Stumbled and had to let go of the club. She was now closer to the copter than he was. She turned and sprinted toward where she had dropped her machete.
She reached down, and then something banged against the back of her knees. Her knees buckled, and she sprawled out and rolled until she lay face up in front of her dad. The general had whipped the club he had torn out of her hands into the back of her legs as she ran.
He trotted up. She attempted to rise, his knee pressed down across her middle. Her back collapsed back to the ground under his weight. She tried push his knee off and twist her body out from under him. To no avail. He was too heavy. Too strong.
“Get off my girl,” her dad shouted. He pulled hard on his legs. Somehow, he managed to pull one free. The other remained stuck despite his tugging so frantically it looked like he was going to tear his foot right off.
Kat struggled to breathe. Sharp pains throbbed from her stomach as it seemed her innards were being crushed by his weight.
The man towering over her glanced at her dad before turning his attention back to her. He cocked his head slightly and grinned down at her, holding his knife a hands-length away from her face. “You really got spirit. I will give you that. Doesn’t mean I will take any less pleasure in gutting you. In fact, it will make it all the more satisfying.”
“As soon as I get outta here, I gonna kill you,” her dad screamed.
The general turned and sneered at him. “Watch. You got a front row seat as I slice up your little girl.”
While the madman described what he was going to do to her, Kat slipped her hand down to her calf and pulled out the knife she had in a sheath strapped there. As the man turned his face back toward her, she plunged the blade directly into his chest just below his sternum.
The general dropped his own knife and straightened up, pulling himself off her blade. His eyes were wide as he collapsed backward, hands on chest.
Kat coughed, rolled over onto her knees, and coughed some more. Her forehead still pressed against the ground as she took several deep breaths. She raised herself onto her elbows and slowly stood, bloody knife still in her hand. The blood dripped down onto her hand. She dropped the knife as she stumbled over to her dad.
The general groaned behind her, and she turned toward the man. He had risen. One bloody hand pressed against his chest. The other loosely held his pistol by his side. His teeth clenched not from pain but from his loathing of her.
Kat realized it was her pistol he held. Taken while she was a prisoner in his camp. And now he was going to shoot her with her own gun. 
“You really are a pain in the ass,” he spat at her. He slowly raised the pistol toward her. Kat scowled. The bastard took his time because he savored the moment.
A shot rang out.
It did not come from the pistol though. The pop came from her left, and the general’s head jerked to the side. Kat stared in disbelief as the man slumped to the ground.
Kat found herself, without even thinking about it, springing toward him. She pulled away her pistol before turning toward where the shot had originated. Her mom still held a rifle in her arms fifty yards away, next to the dead soldier. Kat realized what her mom had done. The soldier’s rifle may have been damaged, but the bullets in it were not. Her mom just had to transfer the magazine or bullets to her rifle.
Her mom dropped the rifle and ran toward Kat. Kat took two steps toward her mom and stopped. It hurt too much for her to walk, so she let her mom come to her.
“Good shot, Mom,” she cried as her mom reached her, and they hugged.
“I made my shot count. There was only one bullet in that gun.” Her mom sniffled. “But I just killed a man. I don’t think I will ever call that a good shot.”
“But he would have shot me if you hadn’t,” Kat said.
“I know. I did what I had to, but …” She struggled to find the words about how she felt. 
“I know, Mom.” Kat kissed her mom on her forehead.
“Can someone help me get out of here?” her dad yelled.
Kat let go of her mom. “I’m gonna check the storage bin. I think there might have been a crowbar.” 
“I’m going to check on James,” her mom said.
“I’ll just … hang around here, I guess,” her dad said.
Kat found a bar and returned to pry the interior of the cabin by her dad’s foot and provided enough relief of pressure that he was able to pull his second foot out.
“Can you stand?” Kat asked.
“I …” he said, attempting to stand but flopping back into the seat with his jaws clenched. “I don’t think so. I think my left one is broken.”
“Let me look at it,” her mom said.
Kat scooted out the way. “How’s James doing?”
“Not much different. He’s burning up. Gave him the rest of my canteen, but he needs something to cool him down.”
Kat picked up her knife and cut her shirt, turning it into a midriff. Her middle still hurt, but the pain was slowly easing. She carried the wide strip she had cut down to the river and soaked it. Bringing it back to the copter, she placed it across James’s brow.
Then her mom helped her drag James out of the copter, and they laid him in the shade of one of the trees. Afterward they helped Kat’s dad hop to the same location. 
Kat peered around the island and wondered what they were going to do. There was enough wood from the trees to construct a raft. The problem was it would take a day to make it and several more days to reach Ridgeback Island upriver by raft. James needed more immediate help. Maybe she could swim across and go it alone back for help. She could probably get back in half the time, but it was a long swim. Perhaps with a log for floatation. She worried about not getting help back soon enough for James though.
Her thought process was interrupted by a buzzing sound. A motorboat coming from the south. That could only mean more soldiers.
She popped the magazine out of her Glock. The general had reloaded; she had a full mag. She popped it back into the handle, but she didn’t relish facing the soldiers. They would have automatic rifles.
“Stay down,” she yelled back to her parents.
 
Chapter 19

Kat’s advantages were she had the high ground with some cover, and the element of surprise. The soldiers’ advantages were their number and their automatic weapons. Her plan was to use the sand or trees to hide behind and pick off the first couple of soldiers before they even came ashore. Then she would use the top of the sand on the island for cover as she scooted to a new position to fire on them before they could reach any cover. She had a total of sixteen rounds, so she had to make each one count.
She considered announcing to the soldiers that the general was dead. That might be enough to get them to just turn around and leave, but if they did not, she will have lost her advantage of surprise. If she were alone, she might have taken that chance, probably would have. But with the lives of her mom and dad and James on the line, she couldn’t risk it.
In fact, she realized they needed to capture the boat. With it, they could get back to Ridgeback in a couple of hours. But that meant taking out the soldiers. Everything seemed so obvious—except for the outcome. Could she really pull it off?
The boat veered toward their island, the soldiers obviously had spotted the downed copter. The boat slowed while its wake rolled ahead and crashed against the shore. One of the soldiers pointed toward the shore, right where the dead general lay. They argued between themselves in their foreign language while the boat still remained a distance offshore. Kat wondered what they were saying. Whatever was said, there seemed to be disagreement. She just wished they would get on with it and come close enough so there would be no doubt her shots would count. She did not want to throw them away, pinging the side of the boat.
Then one of soldiers pointed up toward Ridgeback and said something. One of the other soldiers yelled out what sounded like an order, and the boat turned. It sped out away from the island, back toward the south.
Kat stood, one hand loosely held her pistol while the other shook a fist at the boat speeding away. “Come back here and fight, you fricking cowards,” she yelled. Her plan for getting James and her dad back to Ridgeback had just slipped away like some slimy fish back into the river.
She dropped to her bottom and laid the pistol on the ground. Her hands covered her head. She was never a crier, but her eyes were moist, tears came, and she could not stop them. Her best chance for saving James and the rest of them had just disappeared, and she felt helpless. 
But the motor buzzing was getting louder, not quieter. And it came from the other direction. She lifted her head and sprang to her feet. A copter was coming. She turned and spotted it over the river to the north. She picked up her pistol off the ground, stuck it into the waistband behind her back, and waited. Then she waved her arms over her head once the oncoming copter drew closer. Kat recognized the pilot as one of the others who also flew tourists around Ridgeback.
The quadcopter set down on the sand just to the south of where James’s downed copter sat. The first to hop out of the craft was Joe Spechright, James’s dad. They had heard the radio message she had sent earlier.
There was room in the copter to carry only three and the pilot, so James and Kat’s dad went along with James’s dad. Kat and her mom waved as the copter departed toward Ridgeback.
The two sat on a sandy beach and watched the river flow. Javier, the copter pilot, had said another copter was on its way. They would only have to wait another thirty minutes at the most. Kat stared up at several dactyls circling in the pale blue sky. They circled like vultures, but they actually were looking for fish, not for Kat and her mom to keel over. “They’re gonna be all right, aren’t they?”
“Your dad will need a cast, but he’ll be fine. James is young and strong. A round of antibiotics should knock out whatever got into his system, but we’ll have a better idea by the morning.”
Kat worried about James as she stared at the head of pleo popping above the surface not far away. The aquatic animal was of a small river species that fed on fish and were harmless, sometimes even playful around people.
“So what went on between us before,” her mom said, “I am sorry about that. It was my fault.”
Kat shook her head. “No, Mom. It was more mine than yours. I can’t change how I behaved, but I promise to be a better daughter in the future.”
“Does this mean you’ll give up—”
“Uh, uh, uh,” Kat interrupted. “It only means I’ll write more often. Call when I can.” Off in the distance, she heard the buzzing of another copter. “Jeez, I’m starving. The first thing I’m gonna do when we get back is get some food.”
“You mean after a shower, right?” her mom said. “You’re smelling pretty ripe.”
“You’re smelling a bit like a bronto yourself, Mom.”
Her mom laughed. “All right. After showering, we can grab some grub from the food carts along the path on the way to the med center. We should probably grab something for your dad too.” She glanced back downriver. “You don’t think those soldiers are going to cause more trouble, do you?”
“I don’t think so,” Kat said. “They are without their leader and in disarray. The police have already been notified. Tomorrow, when the interverse ship arrives, a message will be passed on to authorities on Prime. They’ll send military to deal with them.”
A copter, their ride home, appeared off on the northern horizon. 
Chapter 20

A week later James, Kat, and her parents were on Prime. James was still on antibiotics but felt much better while Kat’s dad wore a cast and leaned on crutches. They had just gotten off the ship at the Rundcutt National Interverse Port in western Wisconsin and then ushered one at a time into a conference room at the port. Kat went last. Inside, she faced a man and a woman, both dressed in business attire, who sat across the table from her. The woman explained they were federal attorneys, and they just needed some additional details about what had happened so additional charges might be filed against those detained. Kat already knew this since it had been explained in a message to them before they had even received tickets aboard the interverse ship. The attorneys asked questions, and Kat answered them as best she could. 
The questioning seemed to take forever, but finally the man turned to the woman. “Well, I think that about covers everything. Do you have any more questions for Miss Faberley?”
“No more questions,” the woman replied and turned back toward Kat. “Of course, we may have more questions later. I hope that we can continue to count on your cooperation.”
“Of course,” Kat replied. “I may be hopping around a bit, but my parents will know how to get in touch with me.”
The man said, “We appreciate your time here. It’ll help put away these guys for a while.”
Kat wasn’t sure if all of the soldiers that had survived deserved to go to prison for as long as was likely, but she didn’t feel too bad for them. They all should have known what they were getting themselves into. The two attorneys stood, shook her hand, and saw her to the door.
As the door closed behind her, Kat noticed a man, dressed entirely in black except for a white Oxford button down shirt, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. He seemed to have been waiting for her and lifted his head as she stepped down the hallway in his direction.
“May I have a few minutes of your time, Miss Faberley?” he asked.
“I’ve already told them in there everything I can remember.” Kat squinted at the man.
“I know you did, but I am not with them. Please! This won’t take long.”
“Who are you?” Kat asked.
“Mr. Jones. If you could just step in here.” He waved his hand at the door next to him.
Kat stopped and stared at the man for a moment, but his eyes gave no hint of his purpose. How did the man already know what she had told the attorneys? “You know this is keeping me from a date?”
“Yes,” the man replied. “Mr. Spechright will still be there after our meeting. I promise to keep this brief. Now, please.” He again gestured toward the door he held for her.
How did he possibly know about her date with James too? Had James talked to this man? Who was he? Kat slowly stepped past him and into the room, but she kept him at least in her peripheral view. She did not trust him, but she was curious. Her eyes did a quick scan around the room. A single small table with an ultrathin monitor set on it. Other electronic gear also covered the table. The man followed and gently closed the door behind himself.
Kat spun around to face him. “What’s this all about, Mr. Jones?”
The man stepped past her and sat in a chair. He waved at another chair for her. “Please have a seat.”
“I’ll stand, if it’s all right with you.”
He nodded. “If you it makes you more comfortable. We’ve been following your exploits with interest for some time.”
Kat narrowed her eyes. “We?”
“I work for the U.S. government.” The man sported a thin smile. “You have many special talents, Miss Faberley. And your job allows you to move around a lot. You could be a very valuable asset if we could count on you.”
“Just like that?” Kat snapped a finger. “You want me to be a spy for the CIA?”
The man chuckled. “No, not the CIA. I represent the ISA, the Interverse Security Agency. And we would want you to undergo some training. You have two months before you are filming again. We would ask you take that time for the training. After which you would coordinate your activities with us.”
“And what would you have me do for you after this training is over, Mr. Jones?” She put an emphasis on Jones since she doubted it was his real name.
The man laughed again. “Same thing you’ve done a couple of times now. Stop the bad guys. Of course, there’s a bit more to it than that. But for the most part, you will just continue to travel around with your film crew.”
“I will have to think about this.”
“The pay isn’t much, but I don’t think money is an issue for you. Mostly, you’d be doing this for your country. I’d like to say take your time, but if we don’t start soon, there will not be enough time to get your training completed before you go back under cover with your film career. Go ahead and sleep on it. But I’ll be looking for an answer soon.”
“What about the rest of the crew?”
“Mr. DeMooney and Mr. Cardenas would have to be brought into the loop after they are vetted but would only be told what was necessary.”
It was her turn to laugh. “And why would George agree to this?”
“We can get you an ISA interverse ship to use as needed and access for your crew onto a lot of worlds that will otherwise be impossible. Think about it, Miss Faberley. We know how you like to see new worlds.”
“What about Ricky?”
“Do you really think he will be back after your break?”
Kat knew the answer but was surprised Mr. Jones already knew too. “It’s a lot to think about.”
“Of course. Here is a card with a number for you to call.”
Kat accepted the card and peered at it. “How quaint.”
“More secure than an electronic card these days.”
The man put a hand on the doorknob but did not open it yet. “One last thing. This must all be kept secret. Do not tell anyone we have met. Even, Mr. DeMooney or Mr. Cardenas at this point. If you decide to work for us as an agent, you will have to keep that a secret from everyone else including your parents and Mr. Spechright. This is not a request. Well, I have kept Mr. Spechright waiting long enough. Enjoy good date, Kat.” With that he opened the door and held it for her. 
“I’ll let you know soon, Mr. Jones.” Kat stepped through the door wondering if she will ever get to know the man’s real name. 
She had actually already made up her mind about the offer, but she had a date first. And for that, she had been waiting a long time.


—  THE END — 


If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review at your favorite retailer and/or Goodreads, and tell your friends about it. Even if the review is as short as “greatest dino book ever” or “stunk like bronto doodoo.” I read all reviews, and your opinion matters to me.


SNEAK PREVIEW

Want more? Here is the first chapter of the next book in this series:

Chapter 1

“She fought rather than ran from the monsters” would probably be the epitaph on her gravestone someday. With both wild animals and the human variety, Kat already had dealt with more than her fair share of them in her relatively young life. On this day, however, she ran.
“Shit, George, you can’t move those fat legs of yours any faster?” Kat yelled ahead. “My grandma runs faster than you.”
“Yeah, right! I’m ahead of you two.”
“Language.” Ashe, their pilot, said as a reminder to Kat. Ashe was also her ISA training officer, and he seemed determined to get two words out of her dictionary. Two of her favorite words. But if this was not the situation in which to use one of the of two, she didn’t know what was. 
She ignored him and replied to George, “Only because we’re hanging back to protect your ass. You should be running as fast as Jose.” 
“Give me a fricking break.” George could use the other word. He wasn’t an agent being trained by Ashe. “I’m twenty years older than that young buck. And unlike you, I never had a runner’s body.” 
“Well, that body better pick up the pace if you want to see another twenty years.” 
“We’re in this mess because you cut those beautiful tails and made your hair brown. Bad luck, you know.” George was still sore about her cutting her pigtails, sure her fans equated Katgirl with the girl with the tails.
“Pure superstitious poppycock, and you know it. In addition, my hair’s brunette, not brown.”
The crack of a stick sounded behind Kat. She spun, swung her Glock, and fired at the creature which had just skittered out from behind a tree. The black and white zebra-striped animal took two more steps and then collapsed, all four legs splayed out.
“Maybe if you hadn’t shot that one with a tracker, they would have left us alone,” Ashe muttered to Kat.
“He’s got a point,” George yelled, having overheard the comment.
“Just shut the frick up and run,” Kat yelled back at George. She couldn’t yell at Ashe like this, but George was only her boss, and they had bantered with each other almost since the beginning.
“Faberley, watch the language,” Ashe yelled. He turned and fired twice with his pistol at a spideroid which had been trying to flank them. Not a clean set of shots, but one bullet ripped through a tendon in the creature’s front left leg. The creature fell back, unable to keep pace with them. It let out a call sounding as if it were blowing hard on a kazoo. The sound might have seemed silly had it not come from a dangerous wild animal.
Kat wondered about the point Ashe had made. Not the one about her language. The one about riling up the wildlife. Maybe their filming the wildlife of this parallel Earth had not been worth the risk. The thing was they had just not realized how dangerous the araneaquaterpedes, as the biologists called them, actually were. Life here had taken a very different turn with creatures that, with their legs out at angles that put their knees above their oval bodies, appeared at first glance to be giant four-legged spiders. But their heads were more like that of predatorial reptiles, and DNA analysis had confirmed their reptile ancestry according to the scientists studying them. Kat and her group decided on simply calling them spideroids.
About the same weight as a large man, they were animals she had thought she could handle. They weren’t particularly fast unlike the raptor dinosaurs on her home world, but they were faster than she could run. Much less George’s plodding. What the scientists had failed to tell them, however, was that the animals hunted in large packs. Having only studied the wildlife on the world a short time, perhaps they didn’t know. Nonetheless, nine or ten, maybe more, of the creatures now chased her and the guys from behind through the forest. 
Two more of the creatures appeared over a small rise in the forest floor behind her. She stopped and turned. Her pistol leveled on the one to the right, and she squeezed the trigger. The bullet blew a hole through the reptile-like head, and the spideroid’s already low body plummeted to the ground. Ashe’s pistol barked next to her, and the second creature dropped to the left of the first.
Kat and Ashe both turned and raced to catch up to George.
“Maybe next time I pick the world we film on,” Kat shouted.
“Maybe …” George huffed as he ran. “… when you wear the title of film director.”
“If you don’t get moving faster,” Kat yelled, “you won’t be around to be the fricking director much longer.”
“There’s that “F” word again,” Ashe muttered. Kat ignored him but knew she might hear about it later.
Ahead of them, George’s tired legs did not lift as much as they should have. His foot caught a low branch blocking the path, and he went down to his knees.
“Now’s not the time to be resting, George,” Kat said as she and Ashe pulled him back to his feet.
George charged forward again, too tired or perhaps too embarrassed for a retort. Kat glanced back, looking for any more of the creatures to appear. The loud kazoo-like sounds behind them left no doubt the creatures were still coming.
The gurgling of the river ahead meant they were close to the crossing. A large fallen tree spanned the river. They had crossed the same tree on their trek out. If they got back across, they should be safe. Kat doubted the creatures, with their wide leg stance, could cross on the narrow trunk, and the swift current of the river would provide a safe barrier. Ahead, Jose was already half-way across.
Then leaves rustled off to Kat’s side. She raised her pistol as a spideroid leaped out from the bushes. This one had flanked them, and it was close. Heading straight for George.
Kat squeezed the trigger, released, and then squeezed again. The first bullet lodged behind the shoulder of the creature, the second ripped through its chest. 
The spideroid slumped to the ground, but not before its front right leg reached out and jabbed George in the thigh just above the knee with one of its long, pointed nails. He stumbled and fell. Ashe was on George and pulled him back to his feet again.
“You all right, George?” Kat asked.
“Just a flesh wound. Barely feel it.”
“Good to hear, but only if you get across that tree.” Kat turned and fired at another spideroid which had just appeared behind them. Wounded, the animal turned and limped out of sight.
George climbed up onto the large base of the tree and extended his arms out for balance. Then stepped one foot in front of the next across.
“Hurry!” Ashe said. “Faberley, you’re next.”
“No, go!” Kat yelled, turning, and squeezing off two more rounds.
Ashe shook his head, but he jumped up and followed behind George. Kat fired at two different spideroids before leaping up behind Ashe. She kept her eyes on the trees and bushes that hid the monsters as she stepped backward along the tree trunk. Kat reached the midpoint, feeling like the danger was mostly likely behind them now.
 “What you doing, DeMooney?” Ashe yelled over the roar of the rushing river. “For chrissake, don’t slow down.”
“My leg feels funny. Numb,” George replied. “I think I’m going to ”
Then a thumping sound came from behind her, and Ashe shouted, “George? Crap! Man down.” 
Kat twisted around to see George had fallen off the log. Past the river by then, he came down on the rocks which lined the side. Ashe jumped down to his aid as Kat rushed across the log. 
A kazoo sound behind alerted her to another spideroid approaching. It charged out of the trees and raced to the top of the riverbank. Kat turned back to face it. With two small reptilian eyes, it stared at her a moment and then seemed to gaze down at the river. Then the creature skittered over to the fallen tree. To her surprise, it next slowly climbed up onto the log. Its legs pointed inward as it slowly put one leg on the log and then another. It stepped slowly forward one leg at a time. A second spideroid skittered out from of the bushes. It raced forward to the log, and it too climbed up right behind the first one.  
Kat put a round into the top of the lead one’s skull. It slumped down onto the log, blocking the path for the second one.
Kat glanced down at Ashe and George. “How is he?”
Ashe glanced back at the spideroids on the log before catching her eye. “Not good. He hit his head on the rocks, and he’s groggy. Looks like a broken leg too. We gotta get him to help.”
Kat peered at the second spideroid on the log. It slowly inched backward. Several spideroids now lined the opposite bank, stomping their front legs but not attempting to cross the river. Their loud calls, though, was like a bad out-of-tune kazoo band.
Jose had returned and was now down on the rocks with George and Ashe. “We’ll get him out. Just keep them diablos off us.”
Kat lowered her pistol but stayed alert. Below her, Ashe had a grip under George’s armpits, and Jose grabbed his legs. Together, they struggled with George’s weight but managed to slide him up over the rocks and onto the top of the bank.
Kat watched the opposite bank. The creatures suddenly stopped their racket, turned, and disappeared into the brush. “Where are they going?”
“Perhaps to find something else to eat.” Ashe helped George stand. 
George rubbed the side of his head. There was blood on his hand when he pulled it away but not enough to worry about. “What the frick? Did I take a fall?”
“Don’t worry,” Ashe said. “Those creatures are gone, and we got you.”
“As long as they are not trying to find another way around,” Kat said. “We shouldn’t wait around for them in case they do.”
“I can’t feel my leg.” George’s hand went down to where he had been stabbed.
“Probably some type of nerve toxin,” Kat said. “It’ll most likely wear off in a bit.”
“Most likely?” George said. “Now that’s comforting.”
“Come on. You’re gonna need a ride.” Jose stepped in front of George.
“What?”
“That leg of yours is broken, Boss, and you can’t walk on it even if it weren’t. What are you gonna do, hop all the way back to the ship?” Without waiting for a reply, Jose raised George’s arm, swooped under him, and lifted him up onto his shoulders. A fireman’s carry.
Kat admired Jose’s strength. There was no way she would have been able to carry George like that. George was not light. But Jose was almost as big as Ashe who was a big black dude. Kat swore Ashe had to have played power forward in the NBA, but he swore he was never into basketball. Regardless, he was her training officer which was why she couldn’t yell at him. Her life was complicated.
Jose started hiking toward safety with George on his shoulders. “You two just keep them diablos off our rear. I can’t see what’s behind us.”
Kat popped out the magazine from her pistol and popped in a full one. There were still a few rounds in the first mag, but it was better to be changing it out now than in the middle of an attack. She didn’t break stride as she and Ashe followed Jose.
George’s head started to clear as he mumbled something about the animals that had attacked them. Suddenly he lifted his head and stared at Jose, inches away. “Where’s your camera?”
“Left it when I picked you up.”
“You fricking lost my camera?”
“Would you rather I drop you and go back to get it, you grateful bastard?”
“Well, yeah!”
Jose shook his head and laughed as he trudged forward.
“I was serious,” George protested. “There is a load of great footage on that camera. Now all we have are the drone cameras. I can’t see up. Tell me they’re at least still with us and filming.”
“They’re still there,” Kat said. The two drones were semi-autonomous with smart eyes. When not given commands, they would follow and keep Kat (or whoever had the transmitter pinned to them) always in focus from different angles. 
“I’m not stupid, Boss,” Jose said. “I pulled out the data chip before leaving the camera.”
“Thank goodness! You’re a good man, Jose.”
“You barely escaped with your life, and you’re worried about whether we saved the footage? Unbelievable!” It was Kat’s turn to shake her head.
“That footage is my life,” George mumbled.
There were fewer trees on this side of the river, and then the trees ended. Thigh-high grass covered the rest of the way to their ship which waited a thousand yards away.
“You couldn’t have parked the Rimor any closer to the trees?” It was Jose’s turn to complain. Carrying George’s weight tired him.
The Rimor et Mundos, Latin for Explorer of Worlds, was an airship. Sort of like a dirigible, but without complete buoyancy. A lightweight fission reactor provided ten kilowatts of power, most of which was stored in ultracapacitors. The ultracaps were needed to provide the fast large spike of energy needed to jump start the Rundcutt drive, transporting the ship between universes. Airships were typically used for interverse travel because they could land in any large enough open space or could even hover indefinitely. Useful for most of the rugged worlds beyond Prime.
“It’s not my fault we’re running from the local wildlife,” Ashe said. He didn’t see Kat roll her eyes.
“Yeah, well, it’s sorta the norm when around me. Always running from some type of trouble.” Kat spun around. “Guys, something just moved back in the trees behind us.” She had been staring over her shoulder at the trees as she followed Jose. Then she saw three spideroids at the tree line for a moment before they disappeared into the tall grass. They had dark brown and white stripes instead of the black and white of the earlier ones. Were they a different species? That was something for the scientists to worry about. Her immediate concern was that these appeared to be just as aggressive as the black and white version.
The creatures themselves were now not visible, but grass flattened in three paths toward Kat and the men. Then multiple more paths of flattened grass began to form at the edge of the woods.
“Jose, if you have another gear, now’s the time to use it,” Kat yelled, but the man already rumbled as fast as he could move.
Kat could not see the creatures themselves, but the grass flattening betrayed their positions. Kat fired three rounds into the nearest one. The grass stopped flattening. She turned to a second target and freed three more rounds, letting them do their business. The creature’s path did a U-turn and grass was slowly flattened in a direction away from them. An injured creature making a retreat. Meanwhile, Ashe fired five rounds into where a third creature hid in the grass before it stopped moving. He popped out the magazine and loaded a fresh one.
They were getting closer to the Rimor, but not fast enough. If they could just run, they could get to it before the spideroids, but they couldn’t leave George. There were many more new paths being created toward them through the tall grass. There had to be at least a dozen of the beasts. Maybe more if some were using the same paths as others.
“There are too many of them. We gotta move faster.” Ashe saw the same thing as her. “Here. Don’t screw this up.” He handed his pistol to Kat and then ran to Jose. “We do this together.” After setting George down, each threw one of George’s arms over a shoulder and grabbed a leg. George screamed in pain. Together, they carried him now at a faster pace than when it was just Jose doing the heavy lifting.
Kat again rolled her eyes at Ashe for his comment before she turned and fired at the nearest two hidden spideroids. Those two stopped flattening grass. But more came, and they were closing on them.
Jose and Ashe finally reached the steps leading up to the hatch and carried George up one step at a time.
Kat stepped immediately behind them. She fired at where she thought two others hid. As she climbed backward up the steps, the grass no longer hid the creatures. From above, she now clearly saw her targets when they got close. They were so many of them though. She fired the last round left in her Glock and dropped it into the holster on her thigh while still firing Ashe’s weapon.
She reached the top step, jumped inside and slammed the hatch closed as a spideroid had just started to climb the steps. She stared out the hatch’s window as she punched the button to retract the steps. As the steps straightened and morphed into a ramp, the spideroid slid off and crashed to the grass below. It righted itself and scurried away as the ramp retracted into the ship.
Kat pulled the holster off her left hip and set it in a bin. That holster carried the gun that shot the special trackers into the animals, and it would have to be returned to its owner when there was time. The owner being a scientist studying the strange wildlife on this world and who had given an interview for their show. He then asked her to tag one of the spideroids for him, but the tagging of the animal had been a mistake. That was when the creatures had turned on them.
George chuckled from where he had been laid on a couch. “Tell me you got all that recorded.”
Jose pulled the e-pad rolled up into the thigh pocket of his cargo pants. He punched at it. “Yeah, it looks like the drones kept rolling. Returning them to their bays now.” 
“Here, let me see.” George reached for the e-pad from where he lay on a couch in the main cabin area. Jose handed it over and George watched the scenes of them running, him being carried, and Kat and Ashe firing out into the grass. “Beautiful. Oh, my! I don’t think I’m feeling well. Feeling kinda … ” 
His head suddenly rolled to the side. Jose bent over and lightly tapped George’s cheek as Kat rushed to him. “George?” 
Kat turned toward Ashe. “Reddecker, get us back to a hospital as fast as you fricking can. George’s in real trouble back here. He just lost consciousness.”
“Hang on. Taking her up,” Ashe called from the control cabin in front. He had to get them to one of the designated air spaces where they could jump to Prime. A jump from any random location ran the risk of an aircraft collision right after jumping or even sending a plane over to this universe in their stead.
“Is he breathing?” Ashe called back.
“Yeah, but hurry!” Kat kneeled next to George and held his limp hand. “We’ll get you to help, but you gotta hang in there. You hear me, George? Hang in there.” 

Predators and Prey (Book 2 of the Dinosaur Country Series) will be out soon.

From the Author
If you enjoyed this book, great! If you are interested in hearing about my upcoming novels (including the next in this series), what it is like to be an author, or would love to know when deals are available and other cool stuff, join my newsletter. Note that your email address will only be used by me to send you my newsletter. Nothing else.

Join My Newsletter

As of the time of this writing, the next book in this series has been written and is in the process of being edited. The book after that has been plotted out, and even though no words have yet been typed, the book will be completed.  However, there are only 365 days in the year (most years), and I have to choose on what to spend my time writing. Whether I continue with this series or write in a different series depends upon your feedback.

Also, if you have not already done so, check out my earlier books. The Displaced Series is set in the same universe(s) as this one. Kat features prominently in the third book of the series. 

If you have comments about the book you would like to send directly to me, you can always shoot me a note. I always enjoy fan mail, whether to tell me how much you enjoyed (or didn’t) the book or to tell me I misspelled “doodue.”

michael@mjkonkel.com

Also check out my website for lnews and blogs at
http://www.mjkonkel.com.

Thank you and ROCKet ON!


About the Author
M.J. Konkel was born and raised in rural western Wisconsin. He had a brief military stint in the U.S Army and then went to school in Minnesota where he earned a B.S. and Ph.D. in chemistry. After living in New Jersey for a while, he is back in western Wisconsin with his wife, two kids, and assortment of animals. While the backwaters of the upper Mississippi certainly look like they could hide any sort of dinosaur, M.J has yet to spot one.

M.J. is currently the author of 8 science fiction and/or fantasy titles.

The Displaced Book 1: No Road Out
The Displaced Book 2: Roar of the Rex
The Displaced Book 3: Between Time and Space
Dangerous First Step
Boots of Oppression
Under a Cretaceous Sun
Dinosaur Country Book 1: No Mercy in Dinosaur Country
Dinosaur Country Book 2: Predators and Prey


You can find him on Goodreads or send messages to 
michael@mjkonkel.com

His website for news and blogs is at
http://www.mjkonkel.com.
