NOVEMBER SEED
Every November, in the northeast, when the air is crisp and strong gusts sweep against a quilted sky, Phragmites will jettison their seed in one spectacular and wondrous event that can easily be mistaken for the first snow flurries of the season.  But their legions are on the move, quietly increasing their ranks.

November Seed

Copyright 2014 by David Nadas

The right of David Nadas to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with section 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.  All rights reserved.  Except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval systems, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted, without written permission from the author.  You must not circulate this book in any format.
This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locals is entirely coincidental.

Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Find out more about the author and upcoming books online at www.davidnadas.com

November Seed

“Shit!” Matt said under his breath as he reached blindly into the dark, his fingers almost knocking the chirping phone from the nightstand.  Swiping the screen cast a dim light into the bedroom and connected to a voice on the far end that spoke rapidly.
“Whoa!" Matt cut in, trying to rub the haze from his eyes. "Dan? Is that you?" He asked recognizing the voice.
"Of course it’s me! Who else would I be?"
Dan's alertness was pulling Matt from his sleep. "What time is it?”
“I don't know," Dan responded.   “That’s not important right now.”
Laurie, Matt’s wife, began to stir at his side. She was half asleep with her cheek buried into the pillow, her voice sounding like the vocal fry of so many young girls these days.
"Who is that?"
Matt held the phone away from his ear but could still hear Dan's frantic voice.
“It's Jake.  From State Farm."
"You're such an asshole," she half laughed. "It’s Dan, isn't it?" 
"Yeah."
"Is he okay?"
"He's sounds frantic, but I think so.  Go back to sleep,” he whispered, and returned the phone to his ear.
“Dan! I haven't been listening to a word you were saying. Slow down.” Matt sat up and draped his legs over the side of the bed where the crisp November air was dense at his feet.  Laurie liked to sleep with the window cracked open, but on Matt’s side of the bed.  The murderer’s side she called it, the side closest to the door. It was freezing, so he pulled the duvet cover up along his shoulders and squinted his eyes, finally able to see the time on his phone.
“It’s three in the morning Dan!  This can’t wait a few hours?”
“Matt, you need to get to the President of the United States!” Dan shouted into the phone.
Laurie rose up on her elbows. “Is it really three o’clock?” 
Matt pushed the phone into his lap to muffle the volume.
“Yes, but try and go back to sleep.  If it’s important, I’ll wake you.”  Content, she sank beneath the covers with only a tuft of blond hair poking out.
“Dan!  Dan!” Matt's harsh whisper silencing him for the moment.  “You woke Laurie.”
“Tell Laurie I'm sorry, but you need to get to the President, Matt!  We don’t have much time. I checked the weather; we have a day, two at best.  It might already be too late.“
“Too late for what? What are you talking about? I don't think being a field manager qualifies me to get in touch with the President of the United States.  Are you stoned?”
“Matt!  The Phragmites!” Dan shouted through the phone.
“Oh Christ,” Matt yawned. "You woke me at three in the morning to tell me about your alien invasion? Dan, it was funny two nights ago and you almost had me there," Matt whispered, cupping his hand around the phone.  "But we were both stoned and it’s not funny right now.”
“No, no, no. It’s not what I originally thought!  It’s different.  I've got new data.  It's more than--” Dan managed to say before Matt swiped the phone, disconnecting the call.  He sat there, shaking his head in disbelief, then threw the phone back onto the nightstand, his jellyfish screen saver rippling a dull green throughout the room.  Matt plucked his feet from the cold and slid them beneath the crisp cotton sheets; his eyes were wide open, his head resting on the palms of his hands behind him.  He almost started to laugh. Two nights ago, Dan pulled out a vaporizer and some Mango Krush— “medicinal”, Dan contended and began to spin his hypothesis that Phragmites was not brought to the US from Europe, as early botanists had thought, but was an aggressive alien species spreading along brackish waters of every shoreline in the Northern and Southern hemispheres, working its way inland.  Dan's basis was that Phragmites was seeded by a distantly traveled probe terraforming Earth ahead of an invading entity.
Matt's phone began to chirp, and the trill of the MP3 told him it was Dan calling back. Groaning, he sprang up in time to answer on the second loop.
"Dan! I’m up now. So is Laurie.  I am going to get dressed and will be there in half an hour.  Have some fresh coffee for me--I mean that!" He ended the call before Dan could say another word.
Laurie was sitting with her knees drawn up under the covers.  There was concern in her voice. "Is it serious?"
Matt’s chuckle eased her concern. "I can’t think of the last time Fish & Wildlife of South Jersey was ever serious, but when he gets excited like this, my phone will keep ringing. I promise to call you if it’s anything to worry about.  Now please, go back to sleep.  No reason both of us need to be up right now,” he said through a yawn.  “You still have four hours, so enjoy it." He leaned over and placed his dry lips against hers. She purred and slid beneath the covers then peeked back at him with a smile, his screen saver shutting off, plunging them both into darkness.  Sliding once more to the edge of the bed, he threw back the duvet and placed his feet onto the floorboards.  They were cold. He rushed toward the bathroom, his naked body in full isometrics, his arms crossed in front of his chest.  Colder still were the bathroom tiles as he flipped on the light switch expecting to see his breath.

Matt and his wife Laurie lived in a bungalow on the south end of Ocean City, NJ, where the view every morning of Corson's Inlet was a welcome site.   But the night's freezing rain, like a heavy tablecloth, had weighted the bayberry branches to the ground and the sound of frozen sand crunching beneath his feet made for an unwelcome walk to his truck. It took some effort to open the frozen door and then start the engine before getting on his way. Backing out of his driveway he drove up West Avenue, hunched forward with knots in his back and the cold air from the vents stabbing at him, but grateful the traffic lights were in winter mode, giving him a clear run without having to stop every hundred yards. Ten minutes later he was merging onto the Parkway North. There were no taillights to follow and no headlights approaching from the southbound lanes.  The temperature outside of his vintage Land Rover was 21 degrees, while the heater inside continued to blow cool air and the frost from his breath fogged the windshield.   Even the sign for Exit 29 seemed a wish for the day's high as he veered off and followed the ramp, the left blinker dimming as he slowed.  He stopped, looked both ways and felt the solitude before turning left onto May's Landing Road.  A few minutes later he arrived at Somerset Cove Marina where a sign hung on rusted chains, stenciled with NJ Fish & Wildlife, Tuckahoe Branch Lab.  Matt turned right onto the gravel road, the tires picking up anything they could to assault the wheel wells.
Dan could see Matt heading toward the lab as the headlights from his truck bounced along the ruts and potholes. 
When Matt pulled into the lab parking lot, Dan yanked open the passenger side door and jumped in, rubbing his hands together for warmth. He looked terrible, with dark circles under his bloodshot eyes and his sparse facial hair giving him a Fu Manchu look.
"Dude! You look like shit." Matt remarked.
Matt, it’s incredible.  You have to see this!”
“Can we get out of the truck? I'm freezing."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah." Dan said, nodding with thought as he bolted from the passenger side, leaving the door open for the cold to take his place.  Dan was back in the lab before Matt could turn off the key and wait for the engine to cough out a few misfires in protest. He grabbed his pack, circled the truck to shut the passenger door and climbed the stairs.  He was glad to see Dan had stacked some wood outside the door and could smell the burning oak in the air.  Inside was paradise; the wood stove glowing in the corner next to the tattered leather couch he often studied on and the smell of freshly ground coffee was worth the early ride in.
"Fresh ground Sumatra, half & half poured first, coffee second, right?" Dan recited, handing Matt his first cup.  Guilt quickly set in as Matt put things in perspective. He would never want another partner or be in need of a better friend.  They were college pals from Stockton in South Jersey; MARS majors taking a surf break between classes when they met on an empty street in the north end of Atlantic City back in the late nineties.  It was a November day just like this, west wind, ebbing tide and shoulder high barrels peeling off the jetty.  Matt and Dan had arrived at the same time, racing to pull on their wetsuits, when a squad of police cars flooded onto the street, the officers jumping out, guns drawn, running toward them.  Matt and Dan faced off, reasoning the other was the cause, only to see the officers rush between them and up the stoop into the building, shots firing.  They grabbed their boards and coolly walked to the beach, like this happened every day, neither willing to show they were scared shitless.   By the time they hit the water they were the best of friends.

Back in the lab, Dan led Matt to the negative pressure hoods with several glass slides scattered about.
"I need you to check this out.  I've got a live culture going, but have no idea what I'm looking at.  I'm hoping you've seen this before.” Dan said as he ushered Matt to the scope.
"How long have you been here?" Matt asked, reluctant to surrender the warmth of the mug as he placed it onto the table; his hands were just starting to warm. 
"Oh, I don't know, Saturday morning?" Dan responded, not sure himself.  All Matt could do was gesture with a nod and peer into the eyepiece.  He was confused by what lay before him.  Highly magnified were parallel rows of crystalline structures, resembling marine plankton.  Unlike plankton, these intricate structures were replicating with agility and no sign of mitosis; the way a 3-D printer forms something, layer by layer. Lifting away from the eyepiece, Matt looked at the magnification setting.  The structures were just under 1 mm wide. He returned to the scope and observed the elongated horns of the crystals locked into one another like an Escher drawing. There was a latticework of filaments weaving through the hollow cavities, as if they were nerves passing through vertebra. Matt pulled away from the eyepiece to look at Dan.
"Dude, I have never seen anything like this?  Where did this come from and what's the petri medium?  It looks like blood!"  
Dan handed Matt a pair of gloves and a mask. "Here, put these on. And it is blood."  That got Matt's attention.  He led Matt to the far section of the lab and walked him through the necropsy of a pair of American Bitterns, common along the estuaries of the east coast.  They were splayed out on dissecting trays under a set of hoods.  Each bittern had a twig-like growth, attached to the base of the cranium, just below the occipital plate.  Each twig curved outward along the skull, then shot straight up, like antenna with elaborate branching, each unique.  Dan pointed out the small bladders at each bifurcation of the twigs.  He had carefully cut away one of the skulls to reveal the growth inside.  There was no mistaking that the twigs had punctured the cranial cavity, from the inside out, while a chord of tendrils had branched into specific areas of the brain.
"I see that the cranium is intact." Matt said tapping the area around the base of the twig with surgical tongs. "Where the twig comes into contact with the bone, it looks dissolved, fused to the twig itself." Matt continued to describe, turning the skull slightly from side to side.  "No visible bloodstains on the epidermis.  No trauma to the surrounding brain tissue."
"Good catch. I hadn't noticed that." Dan commented.  "Keeps the host alive for some time.  Nice."
"What do you notice about the tendrils?" Dan asked.
Matt could tell Dan already knew the answer, but answered anyway. "The tendrils originate in the superior sagittal sinus and reach into the motor cortex." Matt replied.
"Exactly. The rest of the tendrils seem to be distributed throughout the cerebellum and optical plate. So, this thing makes its way up the arteries and settles into the sagittal sinus where it begins its gametic lifecycle.  Whatever this thing is, Matt, it controls the vision, motor skills and reasoning areas of the brain.  That is mind blowing."
"What’s in the bladders?" Matt asked. "The crystals I saw under the scope?"
"Yeah."
“Where did you get the birds?"
"This is the weird part." Dan began. "I found them together at the end of the dock late Saturday afternoon.  I was waiting for the interns to return from my sampling grids, when I saw these two bitterns.  One male, one female. At first I thought they were mating, but when I started toward them, I saw the weird antenna.  Then I thought, ‘wow!  I discovered a new species.’  The closer I got I realized they were not moving.  Both were alive when I found them, barely.  I went back to the lab and got some gloves and a mask.  Something just didn’t look right— aside from the antenna, I mean. They had their bills clamped onto the dock cleat.  Weird, huh?  Have you seen anything like that before?" Dan asked.
"No.  Never. Any idea of the vector?"
"Possibly," Dan replied."
"Is this where the Phragmites come in?" Matt reasoned.
"That's what I was trying to tell you on the phone earlier this morning. Here, follow me." And he led Matt back to the hazmat hood. Putting his arms into the sleeves, Dan placed a slide onto the stage of the scope and set the focus.
"Have a look." Dan said, removing his hands from the sleeves and stepping aside.
Matt leaned in and looked down at a sample of Phragmites.  A single plume, each floret encased with crystal beads in the upper and lower glumes. 
“You're telling me that inside of these beads is the contagion that produced those twigs?"
"That's exactly what I'm saying." Dan said.  "Now look at this one." And he replaced the slide and adjusted the magnification.
"Collected yesterday morning by the interns, from one of my sampling grids."
Under the scope, Matt could see a highly magnified view of the black dots within the beads.  They were geometric in shape, transistor-like.  Dan replaced the previous slide back into the scope.
"Look at the seed stems.  They're close to releasing."  Dan commented.  "I think we got lucky with this weather clamping things down these past few days, but we have a day or two at best.   They're ready to release, Matt.  As soon as the weather breaks, off they go.  November Seed." 
Matt stood up and rubbed his eyes.  "What are the chances this thing can jump to humans?"
"I thought about that. I am thinking the probability is very high because of exactly what we see here.  These pathogens do not look like something nature can kick out.  So I can't imagine they would be selectively going after bitterns." Dan stood there, arms crossed and hands folded neatly under his armpits.  A posture Matt knew well when Dan was absolutely convinced of something.  Something you would not want to bet against and expect to win. 
"What do you make of the twigs?” Matt asked.  “That they remote controlled the bitterns to the metal cleat?"
"Exactly."
"Any idea why?"
"That I don't know.” Dan replied.

It would be another three hours before the sun came up.  They sat on stools, the red leatherette worn thin at the edges.  Dan spread out a large marine topographical map before them with a series of overlapping red circles.  The largest was approximately one hectare, with three smaller circles, two of the three overlapping.  The epicenter of the largest circle was in one of the tributaries off the Tuckahoe River where the river flowed into the bay.
"Why does the pattern look so familiar?" Matt asked as he studied the circles Dan had mapped out.
"Promise you won't wig out on me man?  I think alien ships came in and seeded this area." Dan stated, connecting his hypothesis to each of the circles. Matt rolled his eyes.
"See!  You just wigged out on me." Dan said defensively.  "You saw those things! No one on this planet has the bioengineering skill to pull off something this advanced. Those beads are structurally integrated into the seed’s glumes.“
"You’re going to have to show me the little green men before I buy into that Dan. I admit, what I am seeing here is— well— I've never seen anything close to this.  I’ve studied a lot of marine pathogens in dinoflagellates, which these seem to resemble, but nothing like this.  I need to use the NIRS to run some tests on the crystals.  The things in that petri dish look inorganic, but what has me confused are the twigs; they're organic, alive, and I have never seen a pathogen that is inorganic."
"There you go.  Alien!" Dan surmised. 
Matt returned to the scope and isolated some crystals from the petri dish and placed them between a set of salt plates in preparation for the NIRS.  After the sample was run, Matt retrieved the printout and brought it back to the bench.  
"This makes no sense." Matt stated.  "Is the NIRS working correctly?"
"You're the only one who knows how to use that thing." Dan replied.  Matt logged into the NJFW site and pulled up the lab's maintenance logs.  The NIRS had been recently calibrated with no reported errors on this unit. He retrieved a new set of salt plates and ran a sample of Dichloromethane. The calibration was perfect.  All the overtones were exactly where they should have been, indicating the NIRS was working correctly.
He ran another sample on the crystals, and again, the graphs made no sense.  The transmittance and wavelengths were like chicken scratch.
Matt looked back at the circles on Dan's maps.  They reminded him of a shotgun pattern.  He got up, walked to his desk and retrieved a surgical magnet used in removing metal slivers from the eye.  It was something his father carried in his medical bag.  Holding the magnet in his hand, it reminded him of his father, having the answers to everything; exactly what Matt needed right now.  He walked back to the hood and slipped his hand and the magnet into the sleeve. Looking through the eyepiece, he edged the magnet near the petri dish and the crystals began to curve toward it. That gave Matt an idea and he ran a sample of the blood from the petri dish through the NIRS.  There was very little ferrous oxide showing up on the graph.
"Do we have metal detectors here?" Matt asked.
"Somewhere, but I haven't seen them in awhile.  Not sure they even work. Why?"
Matt placed the magnet in the center of the largest circle and spun it like a top.
"I want to take the skiff out. Right there." Matt said, tapping his finger near the bank of the Tuckahoe. "Did you notice any holes in your sampling grids?"
Dan squinted.  "No, I wasn't looking for any but I see what you're getting at. Landing gear markings!  Man, I hadn't thought of that!"
"Seriously dude," Matt chuckled. "You need to read something other than sci-fi. Like in meteorite impact channels.  The crystals are magnetized and appear to be extracting the iron from the blood. That may explain why the bitterns were seeking out greater deposits of metal by clamping down on the cleat."

Beyond the bay, the sky was brightening.  The horizon was a striation of orange and cobalt blue and the air was still.  The temperature had risen to 29 degrees, cold enough for a thin collar of ice to form along the banks as they traveled across the bay toward the Tuckahoe River.
"I hope no one sees us in these hazmat suits!" Matt shouted over the whine of the outboard as their skiff glided full-throttle across the mirrored surface of the bay.
"We might run into some duck hunters when we get closer”, Dan shouted back. "They tend to use the Phragmites as a blind."  Approaching the Tuckahoe, Dan dropped the throttle and the stern wave rode past them into the bank, lifting apart the thin sheets of ice.  When their GPS indicated they were at the center of Dan’s largest grid, Matt lowered the metal detector into the water.  They traversed from bank to bank for half an hour with no hint of metal below them.
"Let’s try your second coordinate." Matt suggested and pulled the detector from the water.  As they motored up the Tuckahoe, they heard a series of shotgun blasts, but none close enough for concern.
When the GPS indicated they were near the center of the second grid, Dan cut the engine and raised it from the shallow water, allowing them to nudge the bow into the bank.  Matt hopped out and secured the anchor into the black mud and waited for Dan to hand him the second detector and a fiberglass channel marker.  They walked into the thrush of reeds, Matt looking up at the purple plumes of Phragmites, which stood a good two feet above their heads and thick with seed.  His handheld GPS indicated they were near the center of the grid.  
"Lots of trampled reeds here, Dan."
"The interns.” Dan replied.
"Shit.” Matt noted.  “Remind me to check up on them when we get back to the lab."  They began their inspection of the area. 
"I’m not picking up anything," Dan said, sweeping the head of the detector from side to side. Matt pulled a collection bag from his waist and sampled the mud.
"If there was a breakup of meteorite carrying this stuff and it wasn't recent, we won't see any markings." Dan stated.  "This area was flooded from the nor’easter a month ago so any holes would have been filled in by the silt."  He was about to place the detector down when a sharp loop came through his headset. "Something here!"  He waved the detector side to side to pinpoint the exact location.  Matt poked the fiberglass pole into the mud until he hit something just below the surface.
"Got it!" Matt said, kneeling into the mud and carefully cutting through the rhizomes until he could lift the sample core and turn it over.  Tangled beneath the rhizomes was an old tin beer can.
"So much for that." Matt said, as he bagged the cutout and labeled it with its GPS coordinates. "Let's move to the next one."  Over the course of an hour they still had nothing but continued to collect soil samples and Phragmites plumes before heading back to the skiff.
The wind had started to pick up as they rode back across the bay, listening to the whine of the engine and dodging the spray as the flat hull slapped the surface of the water.
Back at the dock, they washed down the boat and gear, rinsing off the black mud that was everywhere. It already felt like they had put in a full day's work as they placed the collection bags under the hoods and started the process of cataloging.   An hour and a half later, they were prepping new slides for analysis.  The NIRS graphs of the soil indicated typical methane and other organics; nothing looked out of the ordinary.  However, the plumes they collected seemed swollen with black beads and the seedlings were on the brink of releasing.  
"Not good." Matt said, letting out a full cheek of air in frustration.  “There’s nothing in the mud, so it's not coming up through the ground.” 
"Yeah.   Forecast for tomorrow is not good either." Dan said, reading from NOAA's weather site.  "Clear skies overnight, morning temperatures in the mid-thirties with strong gusts out of the east.  Perfect conditions. They would have lifted today had it not been for the light west breeze.  Tomorrow's the day."
"What if this thing can jump to any living thing?" Matt said with defeat in his voice.
"You need to call this in." Dan said, much more rational than he was earlier in the morning.
"And say what to Andy?  We've got a couple of twigs sticking out of a pair of bitterns and have traced the vector to an alien spore symbiotically living on Phragmites that turns their hosts into zombies that seek out metal in hopes of erecting an antenna to contact their buddies in space?  Oh, and we think the alien spores can jump to humans,” Matt said sarcastically.  "Do you want to make that call?"  
"Just use the excuse that it's above our pay grade and dump it on Andy." Dan replied.  "And I like your theory of the twigs setting up an antenna.  Makes sense now.  
"Dude.  You are like no help with this alien thing. Knowing Andy, he's not even in the office yet, so can you put together some images of your slides and the bittern dissections and save them to the N drive in temp for me? I'll start drafting the write-up and analysis for Andy."  An hour later the phone rang.
"Nice photo-shopping." Andy said, his tobacco voice rasping through the speakerphone.  "Write up was good too." His laugh transitioning into a ragged cough.
 Matt was not sure how to start.  "Andy, you might want to come down here and bring the CDC gal with you.  It's no joke Andy.  Dan found something."  Matt paused, searching for the right words. "Hate to say this Andy, but it's possibly extraterrestrial."  He could hear Andy trying to gain control of his amused cough.
“Andy, you know me.  I’m the straight guy in the act here.  The contagion jumped.  The crystals in slide 3A are lithotropic, extracting the ferrous iron from the blood.  We can't quite put all the pieces together right now but it might explain why the bitterns were locked onto the dock cleat, as if searching out greater deposits of iron; for what reason I have no idea.”  Andy was quiet.
“God help you if you’re pulling my leg, Matt.” Andy said much more seriously.  “If I get down there, and drag the CDC chick with me, and this is your nut-job idea of a surprise retirement party.”  Which got Andy to thinking.  “It's not that Matt, is it?”
“Andy, it’s not. I’m serious.  We might not have much time here Andy, especially if Dan is right about the time frame. The Phragmites are going to release their seed within the next 24 hours.”  There was no sound on the other end of the phone.
“Andy, you there?”
“Yeah.  I’ll be there within the hour.  Who else have you called Matt?  My wife, kids, neighbors?”
“Andy, I promise, this is no joke.”  And the far end of the phone clicked off.
An hour later, Andy walked in, taking up most of the door.  He was not a fat guy, just big. Standing at six-six, a former center for Stanford.  His girth obliterated the CDC scientist behind him. 
Dan jumped up from his chair.  “Surprise!  Come on out everyone!” Dan waving his arms, ready to usher out the guests from the back hallway.
Andy instinctively half dropped into a defensive position, his eyes pivoting, and the attractive CDC scientist behind him clutching her iPad like she received the hike.  Matt turned to Dan in disbelief.
”What?” Dan said.  A Cheshire grin only he could get away with.  “You didn’t think that was funny?” his arms out, palms up in surrender.
Andy was relieved not to see family and friends pouring out of the back room in a cloud of confetti and balloons.  
“Ferrigno!” Andy said, hiking up his suspenders.  “The one thing I am looking forward to in my retirement is not having to deal with you.”
“I promise to call you every day to make sure you have everything you need, Andy.   Hot soup, spare batteries for your TV remote and a subscription to Field & Stream.”  Dan said, his sarcasm not winning Andy over.
“This is Asha.” Andy announced almost forgetting she was there. Matt shook Asha’s hand and introduced himself.  She was buxom, more than pretty and her skin was the color of mocha.  Dan slid in.
“Dan Ferrigno.  Pleasure to meet you.” He said hanging onto her hand maybe just a second too long.
“I understand you have something unusual to show us.” Asha said in lilted English, the ends of each word clipped.
“Ah yes.” Dan responded, letting go.  “Over here.” And he led Andy and Asha through the observations and dissections of the bitterns. 
Forty minutes later, Andy was plopped down on one of the stools.  The research Dan and Matt had put together was first rate, well documented.  A safe pair of hands as it was known in the trade. The main focus was on the vector and the timing of release looked imminent. While Andy was on his cell phone to Trenton, Asha looked highly concerned and was on the phone to Atlanta, her singsong voice now a series of tangled sentences.
 “Gentlemen.” Asha began.  “We have a serious problem here.”   Something Dan and Matt already knew.  "I took my superior through your observations and data.  We have a linked a case reported from Staten Island, New York.  A human infection, but we have not confirmed this.”
Andy sat there, trying to assess the latest developments, his eyes thoughtful. He took a deep breath.
“Asha. Would you mind staying behind to give Matt and Dan a hand to identify the origin?  I need to get back to Trenton and brief the Governor.” After Andy left, Dan walked Asha through their analysis once more.  If anything, it seemed to cement the fact that the contagion’s origins were extraterrestrial, and Phragmites was phase one of the dispersal.  
Asha sat down at the table looking over the paperwork and Dan could see she looked nervous. He tried to make small talk, something he was not good at, but got her talking about herself.  He was pleased to learn she was single.   
Matt's cell rang.  It was Laurie.  She was on her way to work.  
"Good morning," she said with a laugh.  "How's the President?"
"Not good actually.  Dan discovered something rather serious.”  Matt replied.
"Like how serious?”
"Like in potential pandemic."
"Pandemic like in H1N1?" 
"No.  Pandemic like in something much more alien.  Dan found these two bitterns with twigs growing out of them.  Made them into zombies."  The phone went silent.
"Laurie, you there?”
"Yes.  I really thought you were kidding until you mentioned twigs.  I'm heading into work early today to fill in for Cindi.  She cut her hand and can't make it in, but told me a really weird story. Yesterday, some woman came into the pharmacy and asked Craig, the pharmacist on duty, what he suggested for removing a small twig she found stuck into her scalp.  She doesn't remember slipping or falling or how she got it.  Anyway, Craig looked at it and said it was deeply embedded.  He had one of the cashiers take the woman to OC Medical. Then, when the cashier got her to OC, he had a hard time getting the women to let go of the car door handle.  He had to pry her fingers from it. Isn't that weird?"
"Laurie, do not go to work.  Come straight here."
"I can’t, Matt.  Who’s going to cover?  It's only Cindi or me at the moment and Cindi can't use her hand. Craig left for vacation after work yesterday."
"I'm dead serious, Laurie!  You can't go there.   This thing we are dealing with— I can't go into detail but the CDC is all over this. The pharmacy could be a hot zone. I don't want you there."
Matt, I can't just bail on them."
He cut her off, "Laurie!"  Drawing the attention of Asha and Dan, "You need to come directly here."
Matt, you're scaring me."
"Good!" He said slightly relieved. "Now promise me you'll come directly here.  Call work from your car and tell them you have an emergency; and don't get caught up in the guilt, this is nothing to joke about, especially if what Cindi reported is connected.  And call Cindi and tell her not to go near the pharmacy, then find out who the cashier was and where Craig headed for vacation, flights, everything.  I need you to call the hospital and find out where that woman is.  If she’s still there, tell them to treat her as highly contagious.
"Matt?"
"Laurie.  Don't worry.  Just promise me you will come directly here.  Turn off the outside vents and do not stop anywhere or open your window for anything or anyone."
"I promise."
"Get here quickly.  I've got to go deal with a few things right now. I love you,” Matt said and hung up. 
"Asha, my wife just told me we have another possible infection reported yesterday from Main Pharmacy in Ocean City.  The patient was taken to OC Medical.  Elderly woman. Twig.  I think you need to tell your people there was a cashier at the pharmacy that escorted her to the hospital and the pharmacist who assisted her has left for vacation.   Finally, we had a few interns from Stockton in the Phragmites fields conducting the sampling and they should be checked on.  Dan has their contact information.  I hope they didn't have classes this morning."

Asha contacted her field office in Trenton, while Dan and Matt sat at the table and checked over their work looking for more clues.
"We should see how widespread this is." Matt stated.  "What other Phragmites fields are nearby?"
“There’s the one along Mays Landing Road, a little way up by the boat yard."
Laurie arrived, stepped quickly to Matt, dropped her pocketbook to the floor and threw her arms around him, Matt returning the gesture with the relief of her safely in his arms. 
"Dan, sorry," Laurie apologized, pulling away from Matt and hugging Dan, who stood stiffly, blushing, with his hands in his pockets.  "Thanks for waking me this morning."  Laurie whispered for only Dan to hear, and placing her hands on his cheeks. "Nice Fu Manchu."
Asha was off her cell; she stood and introduced herself to Laurie.   Laurie looked to Matt with raised eyebrows.  Matt returned the gesture, which drew a response from Laurie that it was OK for her to notice Asha's curves, but not him.
"Dan," Asha said.  "Could we go to a nearby Phragmites field where I could see these spores in vitro for myself?  We will need to wear the hazmat suits.  The spores appear to be of very small particle droplet nuclei that can quickly become aerosol.  It’s most likely they can be breathed in."
"Good idea." Dan said.  "Would you mind helping me with the gear?"

Descending the steps cautiously with their wrists, ankles and masks taped tightly, they looked like a reenactment of the landing on the moon. Dan and Asha got into his rusted Bronco, the doors taking two hands to pull open from the freezing rain that had settled into the seams. They turned right onto Mays Landing Road and drove toward the boat yard in silence. Dan stopped the truck when he saw a small patch of Phragmites and bagged a couple of samples, labeled them, and sealed the bags into a hazmat box before returning it to the back of his truck.  He repeated this process a couple more times.  Further up, as they rounded the bend near Phish Rigs & Bait, Dan slowed down and stopped in the middle of the road.  Ahead they saw people along a fence, grouped together in lines of two: some with no shoes, others in nightgowns and one fully dressed in hunting gear.  All were clinging to one another.  The front two people were standing and clutching onto the cyclone fence.  Dan put the truck into neutral.   Even from this distance, all appeared to have the telltale twigs reaching up and over their heads.  He and Asha were startled when another person came from behind a parked car and clasped onto the last person in the far row.  He settled down on his knees and stared off in the distance.
Asha gasped beside Dan.  She was pressed into her seat, her left gloved hand clutching the console. 
"We should go see if they are ok." She managed to finally say.
"They don't look too good." Dan said, pressing down the lock on his side and instructing Asha to do the same before shifting into first gear.  He rolled forward until they were within ten yards of the fence, the nose of his Bronco pointing outward in case a quick exit was needed.
"Let me take a closer look.  Don't come out yet,” Dan said. Asha’s large brown eyes focused on the scene outside.  She seemed to be ok with his suggestion of staying put. “Be right back.”
Not taking his eyes away from the five souls clasped to each other, he popped the door open and stepped out.  Walking along the shoulder as if it were a balance beam, he looked around, making sure no one was going to charge out from the brush.   He approached the five and leaned over trying to get a better look at their faces and noticed that their mouths, ears and noses were dusted with a gray powder. Grabbing onto the cyclone chain-link, he gave it a good shake.  Their bodies moved slightly back and forth, but there was no reaction.  All appeared alive, zombie-like, the same as the bitterns.  He stepped forward and could see their expressionless faces, all focused in the same direction.  Dan followed their gaze but saw nothing himself.  The woman in the nightgown had both hands clasped tightly around the steel pole that anchored the fence into the ground while the others were tucked in closely, their raw hands clasping onto the person before them.  Dan heard his truck door open and saw Asha stepping out with a tackle box of equipment in one hand and a camera case in the other. Behind her was an SUV traveling rapidly and weaving toward them.
"Asha!" he yelled out, as he began to sprint toward her.  "Look out behind you!" His voice was muffled behind the Plexiglas of his hooded visor and she could not make out what he was saying. 
The SUV continued to barrel toward them.   Dan got to Asha in time, grabbing her suit around the shoulders and yanking her hard enough so she dropped the toolbox and camera case. He pulled her past the front of his truck as the SUV careened into the back of his Bronco and exploded into flames. The SUV and Bronco spun off the shoulder and came to a sudden stop in the chain-link fence, like hockey pucks into a net.
Asha and Dan were both flat on the tarmac with Dan on his back and Asha on top of him.  The event happened so fast Asha had no idea what was going on. She glimpsed out the side of her visor to see the five bodies lifting off the ground but holding on as they came down in a tangled mess, managing to keep their focus on the distance.
She looked at Dan, her face in shock.  He placed his hands on her shoulders.
"Are you ok?” Dan asked, their visors bumping up against one another. She did not move, her large brown eyes blinking.
"Asha!"  He said more calmly, giving her a slight shake of her shoulders.
Asha collected herself and quickly rolled over onto her back, her gloved palms flat on the ground. Dan sprang quickly to his feet, pulling her up with him. She hugged him.
"That was close. Are you ok?"  Dan asked, trying to bring her back into the moment.
"I'm... I'm ok.  You saved my life, Dan."  Asha said looking into his mask.
"You saved your own life.  It’s a good thing you didn't stay in the truck like I told you to." Dan remarked with a smile, an attempt to lighten the situation.  They looked back at the burning Bronco and mangled SUV.  There was a hard banging from within the SUV as the driver’s side door kicked open and a body, bloodied, stepped out and started toward the others, falling onto one knee then into a crawl, grasping both red hands onto the last woman in the line.  What happened next was alarming.  The last people in each line reached toward each other and clasped forearms, forming a ladder rung between them.  Dan looked back at Asha, who seemed troubled by this.  He turned her away and she buried her mask into his shoulder and began to shake. “What’s happening here?”
They needed to escape from the horror before them. After they had walked about a hundred yards, a white truck appeared in the distance, heading their way.  When Dan stopped, Asha looked up.
"Oh my God!  Not again!”, she shouted, clutching onto Dan's arm.
"It's ok! It's Matt.”  
Matt pulled over and jumped out of his truck.  He and Laurie were in their hazmat suits.
"What happened there?" Matt questioned, looking beyond at the billowing black smoke and fire that had spread to the Phragmites field behind the boat yard.  The wind was blowing away from them as a flurry of seeds rocketed upward into the sky.
"I hope the heat is enough to kill those things." Dan said looking back.  "But I get the feeling it's only aiding their flight."
"I’m thinking the same thing.” Matt said.  "Come on.  Let's get you two into the truck."  Matt removed a canister from the back of his Land Rover and sprayed them down with chemical bath used for contaminant exposure. They peeled the suits off and traded them for some lighter Tyvek suits and filter masks until they were all safely in the truck, Laurie swapping seats to sit in back with Asha while Dan rode shotgun.
"Where to now?" Dan asked.
"I think we head north, to the camp.  You okay with that?" Matt said looking in his rearview mirror at Asha.  "Is there anywhere you need to be, or anyone you need to call?" Asha shook her head no.  Laurie reached out and clasped her hand into Asha’s giving it a slight squeeze to say everything was going to be okay. 
"Were there any new developments while we were out?" Dan asked.
"Yes.  More reports.  Lots more up in north Jersey, around Carlstadt, behind the stadium.  They found twenty employees clinging onto one of those electrical transformers behind a warehouse.  No one found them for a day. Freaky, they were in lines of two-"
Dan cut in. “Some were holding onto each other’s arms like rungs on a ladder."
"How did you know that?" Matt asked.
"We just saw that happen here.  I have no idea why they did that, but that antenna idea of yours seems logical."  
"There's more to this.  The twenty they found were like husks.  From what Andy told me, in confidence, one of the officers on-site told him that the string of bodies were precisely aligned, but in some weird, twisting portrayal of a helix.  Their skin had transformed into a light shell, their bodies partially hollow and covered in a gray powder."
"Seriously?"
"Yeah, but I haven't been able to reach Andy since.  His voicemail is full so I can't even leave a message.  I tried texting and emailing him and got a 502 back; inbox has exceeded limit.  Must be a clusterfuck going on in Trenton."
"Oh God." said Dan, as if forgetting something.  "The Meadowlands.  The concentration of Phragmites in the Raritan is far more massive than almost anywhere on the east coast.  There are millions of people surrounding that zone. This thing is alien Matt.  I'm right about this."
"Hate to admit it, but you might be.”
"Back there," Dan said, looking sideways at Asha and trying to keep his voice low.  “There were only six bodies," he mouthed.  "There are 23 million people in the tri-state area.  What would that look like?" 
"Can't imagine that right now." Matt replied.  "I just want to get out of here."
"Any PSA's from the state or national level yet?" Dan asked.
"Good point." Matt turned on his Sirius radio to talk news and pressed scan.  They caught a talking head that sounded official, but no mention of any public safety announcements.
"We told all our friends and family in the area to get out. Cindi, Ed, their daughter Jen and dog are heading up to the camp. They will call and let us know if the routes are OK.  I had them head west into PA and head north from there.  I don't think the turnpike is a good choice right now.” 
"What's in the back of the truck?" Dan asked. There were boxes obliterating the back window.
"Lots of supplies.  Bottled water, canned food, and a box of the Tyvek gloves, boots and tape.  We also drove to the pharmacy and stocked up on some major drugs.  Not that we think Tamiflu or Cipro will help, but who knows.”  

After many hours, it was dark when they pulled onto Fish Creek Road in Upper Saranac Lake, NY and followed the tire tracks in the light snow toward the camp.  The camp in the Adirondacks was left to Laurie by her parents, along with a small trust for the upkeep.  Laurie and Matt would never have been able to afford this place on his salary or her modest income as a pharmacist. She and Matt used it almost all year, typically spending some fall weekends and the Christmas holidays and for a couple of weeks in August to escape New Jersey's summer heat.  Dan had been there many times and would disappear for days at a time in one of their kayaks, chasing after some illusive amphibian or plant species.  Laurie's parents had purchased the camp in the seventies, not knowing the adjacent camp to theirs was the famous resort now known as The Point. When they found out, they had appropriately named their camp Beside The Point. There was nothing camp-like about it.  All the homes there were called camps; they were typically grand, five plus bedrooms, each with en suite bathrooms and multiple fireplaces, sitting on acres of waterfront property.  Although their camp was far from modest, it retained much of its original charm.
"These are pretty good digs to sit out a pandemic.  You married up, dude!" Dan said as he looked up through the windshield at the tall firs towering above.
Laurie reached between the seats and flicked Dan's ear, gaining a laugh from Asha, who had been quiet for most of the trip.  They passed the turn-off to the local Fish & Wildlife post on the same road as the camp, which could provide Matt, Dan, and Asha access to equipment that might come in handy.  Matt pulled into the top of the driveway, the lights of the camp already on. Cindi, Ed, their daughter Jen and dog Oscar had arrived safely.
 Matt was the first to open his door and step out into the cold air.  It felt good.  The others soon followed and for the first time in hours, they did not fear inhaling fresh air.
“Why don’t you girls go in?” Matt said to Laurie and Asha. “Dan and I will start to unload the truck.”  As the girls were walking toward the house, Matt called out.  “Hey, and send Ed out to help us.”   
“And tell him don’t forget the beers.” Dan added. "I forget how beautiful this place is." Dan commented, looking around at the tall birch trees, lit from below, and the porch railing made from tree branches was a work of art.
“I know.  At times I pinch myself and forget we own this place.  I will forever be grateful to Bill and Gail.  We might be here for a while.”
The front door opened and Oscar came bounding out, his tail as thick and hard as a billy club, knocking over the stacks of water and boxes Dan had unloaded.
“Ed!  You have got to do something about Oscar’s tail, man. I get bruises on my shins every time he sees me.”
“Oscar!" Ed called out.  “Come on, boy!”  Oscar eagerly padded back into the house.
“Hey guys.” Ed said handing Matt and Dan a Negra Modelo. "No problems getting here?"
Matt and Dan looked at each other.  "We’ll tell you about it when we get inside.” Matt said.  
“It’s a little freaky, Ed.” Dan added then changed subjects. “At least someone’s got nice taste in beer,” he said, giving Matt a solid punch on the shoulder. “I usually get Bud in a can from Matt.” 
“Dude, you’re lucky you get anything.” Matt said, twisting off the cap and the three men clinked bottles.
“How was your ride up, Ed?”
“No problem.  It got a little squirrelly on route 50. We saw a lot of flashing lights near Corbin, so I took route 46.  Not much traffic after that.”
“How’s Cindi’s hand?"  Matt asked. "What did she do to it?”
“She was opening a can of dog food for Oscar and the can opener broke.  So she decided a chef knife would work instead.”  Both Matt and Dan winced.  “Five stitches in her thumb, but she was lucky, no tendon damage.”
“Yikes.” Matt said.  “Have you seen anything on the news about the contagion?”
“President’s speaking at 9 o'clock.”
“Can’t be good.” Dan said looking at his watch.  “We have about 10 minutes before he comes on.”
“OK, then.  Let’s get this stuff into the garage.” Matt suggested, and once more, they clinked their bottle and drained their beers.

“The President is about to come on.” Laurie said, as the three guys entered the family room, a warm glow in the fireplace inviting Dan to stretch out on the rug in front of the couch where Oscar, tail wagging, padded over to Dan for some love and attention.  
“Incoming!” Dan joked, covering his head with his arms, as Oscar’s tail batted Dan’s side and he jokingly groaned as if in the ring with Mike Tyson, taking his punches. 
“Come here, Oscar,” Asha offered in sympathy. “I’ll show you someone loves you.” Oscar, realizing he was not going to get any attention from Dan, padded over to Asha as she leaned down to rub his ears and head.
Dan called out, "There's Andy, check it out!  To the left of the screen."
"No wonder we couldn't reach him." Matt added, and he sat on the end of the couch near Cindi. "How's the hand?"
"Not as bad as I thought it would be," said Cindi, holding up the bandage for inspection. “Until I forget and try to use it."
"Here he comes," said Ed, as they watched President Obama walk down the hall to the podium.
“Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, my fellow Americans.”  Then he stopped, looked down at the podium, both hands holding onto the sides for support.  He shook his head slightly as if what was set before him, a script, was not going to work here.  Not this night. Not ever again. More slowly this time, with his hands forming a steeple below his chin, he continued. 
"My fellow Americans.  Citizens of the world.”  He was off script and looking directly into the cameras.  "Today, I bring you news.  Unfathomable news."  He placed his hand briefly over his mouth, searching his soul for the right words.  "It was almost seventy-three years ago that Franklin D. Roosevelt delivered his Day of Infamy speech.  On that day, President Roosevelt announced that America would be forced to enter into war against another nation. But unlike that day, today— our nation and every nation on earth," his head moving from side to side in his classic style, "has entered into another war.  A war against an invisible enemy."  There was a gasp from the press corps.
"Hold on now, hold on." He continued.   "Early this morning, a discovery was made by two research field scientists in southern New Jersey."
"Dude! That's us!" shouted Dan, turning back to Matt.
The President continued,  "A deadly and rapidly spreading bio-contagion has become airborne and is traveling among the seeds of native grasses common along the coasts throughout the world. These grasses are called Phragmites.  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in conjunction with the World Health Organization have determined that this contagion appears to be extraterrestrial in nature," holding up his palm in advance to ward off questions.   "I have been in contact with British Prime Minister Cameron and we are continuing to reach out to other world leaders.  Our Military is standing by and we are working with leading medical research institutions around the world to combat this contagion."  The camera flashes erupted once more with white house reporters screaming out questions and advancing toward the podium.   The President could hardly be heard over the eruption as the Secret Service stepped forward to block the podium.
"Are the Russians part of this?”, shouted a reporter.
"No. It is true that the Chinese, North Koreans and some Middle Eastern nations believe the United States and Russia have co-developed a military grade virus and have released it,” The President continued.  "They believe the International Space Station was involved in this release."
Another shout came from the crowd. "With the increased frequency of military launches from Wallops Island lately, is there truth to that, Mr. President?” 
“We want the truth!" another voice shouted, causing a stir of rapid-fire questions and flashes.
"Settle down.  Settle down, now,” The President said, more swagger and command in his voice. 
"In answer to your question: no, there is no truth to that. We have reached out to President Putin and others who know the truth. For now, we advise you not to go outside.  Shut your doors and tape any gaps in doors and windows to make them airtight.  Wear masks if you have them, but do not," and he emphasized with his chin slightly raised and finger wagging, “do not rush out to buy masks if you do not already have them.  By going outside, you risk the danger of exposure. If you are in your cars listening to this broadcast, put your windows up, shut off your vents and get to a safe place and stay there.  Our National Guard and military will be front and center.  Keep your TV and radios turned on and listen for emergency broadcast announcements.  Do not panic.  This great nation will not go down without a good fight, but to win, we must cooperate with each other. I will now turn this over to our Director of the Center for Disease Control, Washington bureau, Dr. Tom Frieden, who will provide greater detail.  Thank you."
The calls for 'Mr. President' were deafening and it took a minute to quiet everyone.
"Thank you, Mr. President.  Our Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the CDC, has identified the carrier of this contagion, but its origin is unknown at this time.  However, theories that the contagion is being delivered by meteorite are realistic and are being looked into. We do not know how long the contagion has existed here on Earth, but at the rate of propagation and dispersal, we believe it has been present for several years and has been lying dormant.”
"That is so not true!"  Dan shouted.  "I've been studying the propagation of Phragmites australis for over ten years and have never seen this until this past week.  They are holding something back."
"The initial vector of dispersal has been identified as Phragmites, a common, aggressively spreading reed-"
"At least he got that part right." Dan muttered.
“…which grows mostly along the concentrated marshlands in every state and country throughout the world.  This species of reed releases its seed this time of year.  It is a natural, timed event, with all seeds releasing in a matter of hours.  Among field biologists who study this plant, the event is known as November Seed.  It can appear like the first snow flurries of the season in colder climates.  Our latest findings show that the contagion, carried by these seeds, is highly infectious and has a gestation period of less than 24 hours, where it travels through the blood system to the brain.  Once there, it will replicate, and protrude through the back of the head, careful not to harm its host.  There is a distinctive twig-like growth emanating from the back of the head of its victims.  Internally, the contagion spreads into the brain, where it gains control of motor skills of the infected individual, setting them on a course which, as of yet, we do not understand.  What we do know is that the infected individuals will seek out concentrations of metal, collectively, forming a distinctive cluster.  At this point, the individuals remain alive, but in a zombie like state.  There is nothing to fear from these individuals except the continued spread of infection in the form of a gray powder.  If you see them, just stay clear. They will not harm you. We also know that all those infected face toward a certain declination in the sky, but again, we have yet to determine why.  The infected have a high concentration of ferrous oxide and become magnetic in nature, setting off an electrical field concentrating toward the declination identified, for reasons unknown."
The shouting started with one clear question rising above all others.
"Have we been contacted by an alien race?"  The room went silent.  Dr. Frieden was speechless and turned to the panel behind him.  From the ranks, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel stepped forward to the lectern, allowing Dr. Frieden to step aside to evade the question. 
"Thank you Dr. Frieden.  Mr. President.  No.  We have not been contacted by extraterrestrials."
The same reporter shouting, "But you expect to be! " more of a statement than a question, the stage before him was silent.
"We do not want to jump to conclusions.  Until we have additional, concrete information, we ask you to treat this as a terrestrial contagion.  It has been the president’s wish to be frank, truthful, and when we know more about how this contagion spreads, where it came from and how to contain it, we will let the world know.   We understand this is not a time to withhold information and for the first time, the government will leak information before even Mr. Snowden does," which drew nervous laughter from the gallery.
Without announcement, the presidential address cut back to its regular program, mid scene of a Mike and Molly episode with canned laughter in the background.  The situation and scene seemed surreal to everyone in the room.
"What the fuck!" Dan injected.  Cindi gave him a stern look as she placed her hands over her daughter's ears.
"Dan!  We have children here."
"Oops, sorry." Dan said apologetically and could see Jen grinning with laughter from above her iPad.
Jen spoke up. "Hey, on Twitter, New York has been cut off.  No one can get out and the bridges and tunnels are closed.   They're calling the people ‘Twigs.’
They all had been so preoccupied by the President's speech that they forgot about checking social media. Most of the adults in the room took out their smartphones.   Jen continued to read out more tweets until Cindi reached over and shut off her daughter's iPad.  "I don't think you should be reading that, Jen."
"But Mom!”, she protested.  "I'm the one who thought of checking!"
"I know, but I don't want you to read those." Cindi looked to Ed for support.
"Yes, your mother is right.  Time to get ready for bed, kiddo."
"But Mom! I'm not tired."
"Do as your father says.  I’ll come up and tuck you in."
Sulking, Jen got up from the couch and started to walk away.  Her mother garnered her attention with a commanding cough.  Jen hunched her shoulders and returned to give everyone a kiss and hug before heading upstairs, Oscar at her heels.
"Nice breeding." Matt said, elbowing Cindi.
"Who do you think taught me?" Cindi confessed, focusing her attention on Laurie.  
"No! Don't stack the dishes!" Ed chimed in.
"Mable, Mable, get your elbows off the table.” Dan added.
"Would someone pass me a serviette please," Cindi rounded out the jabs in a haughty accent, everyone laughing but Laurie.
"Sure. Pick on poor Laurie.  You can laugh all you want." She reached for the stem of her wine glass and tapped the base three times on the coffee table.
Matt immediately knew she needed a refill and left for the kitchen, returning with her chardonnay.
Everyone watched this unfold and almost simultaneously, tapped their glasses or bottles three times on the table.   Their laughter stopped abruptly when an emergency crawl and series of beeps came from the TV.  The President was speaking before he and his family boarded his helicopter, Marine One.
"My fellow Americans.  Citizens of the world.  Five minutes ago, the Chinese launched three intercontinental ballistic missiles at our International Space Station, claiming that the release of this bio-contagion was orchestrated by the United States and Russia. Our attempts to persuade them to the contrary fell upon deaf ears. Both the U.S. and Russia were unsuccessful at intercepting one of the three missiles.  All aboard the Space Station, including three Russians, two Americans and one Japanese have been killed.  Russia, in retaliation, has threatened China with a counterattack by launching tactical nuclear warheads at Beijing and Shanghai.  If China exhibits any further aggression, Russia and the United States will have no choice but to retaliate, with extreme prejudice.   I promise you, there will be accountability for this atrocity, but our primary focus at this time is to deal with this contagion.  As President of the United States, I speak the truth to the world that this was not a military operation of any kind. The attack on the International Space Station is unforgivable. Invaluable resources and innocent lives were lost.  This was the act of a paranoid and cowardly government."
As the President was speaking, an aide leaned into his ear and whispered.  There was a look of shock on the President’s face and the TV went dark.
Asha, who had been half listening while focusing on her tablet, spoke up.
"They discovered something at the declination.  Well, not exactly.  More like what is not there.  I am seeing posts from my astronomer circles on g+.   They have been focusing their telescopes on the area of the sky where the Twigs have been aligned.  Multiple posts are coming in.   They can no longer see stars that should be there, just emptiness." 
Dan got up off the floor and squeezed between Cindi and Asha, leaning in to see her screen.  Matt stood, and picking up some empty plates from the coffee table, signaled for Laurie, with the jerk of his head, to join him in the kitchen. 

“Laurie.  We are in deep shit here.  I'm glad we're pretty isolated, but things are going to get bad in a hurry.  I’m sorry I mocked all those people on doomsday preppers and thought your dad was crazy with all..." And then he stopped himself.
"What about Bill?" she asked.  "What does my father have to do with preppers?"
"Nothing.  It was a joke we had between us.  I'll tell you later.  I can’t believe this is really happening.  First thing in the morning, I will head out with Dan and Ed to pick up some supplies, but I have a feeling we are going to be affected even around here.”
“I wonder what’s going on at The Point?” Laurie asked.  “I can’t imagine the help sticking around for all those guests.  I wonder if anyone will stay there?”
“Good point, no pun intended.” Said Matt. Laurie was shaking her head at his ill-timed sense of humor, but was grateful he still had one to keep her calm.  “We're OK on the water." He continued.  “The lake will dry out before our well does.  Food could be a problem.  We don’t have much in the house.  I think you and the girls should do a little fishing tomorrow.  Take the boat to the end of Fish Creek.  I had good luck there with brookies, although I have never tried this time of year.  We can freeze or dry them.”
"I'm scared, Matt."
"Me too.  I won’t let anything happen to you.  I promise." They stood in the kitchen, looking at each other.
“Come on, let’s go see what's going on.” Matt said and led his wife back to the family room.
“Looks like all hell is breaking loose.” Dan said, leaning in close to Asha.  “There are Twigs being reported all over New York, New Jersey and up and down the coast.  Washington looks like a war zone.  It’s chaos.  The military has a lock down on anyone coming in or out of the Metro area.  They have already turned back dozens of ferries and Otters in New York Harbor with water cannons and the Coast Guard rammed one of the Otters, capsizing it.  People are in the water and the military is throwing life vests out and telling them to swim back to shore.  People are tweeting images of Twigs holding onto almost every light pole as well as a few bronze monuments near Columbus Circle.  It's happening fast.”
“Hey, all." Matt spoke up. “It’s been a long day and we’ll need to be up early in the morning.  Dan, Ed, we’ll head out at daybreak to pick up what we can.  The girls will try their luck at fishing.  Take the shortwaves with you in case the cell towers go out.  Try and get some sleep, everyone.  We’ll see you in the morning.”  On their way out, Laurie turned to Asha and Dan. 
"Asha, there is a room upstairs at the end of the hall for you.   “Dan, you have your usual room, off the kitchen.   Good night, all."
“Yes, it's getting late.” Cindi added. Ed turned to her asking,
“You’re not going to make me hug everyone, are you?”, everyone getting in a final laugh at Laurie's expense.
Dan and Asha remained downstairs in the family room continuing to monitor the posts on twitter and g+.  Nothing was good news and all of it was the worst-case zombie apocalypse, without the flesh-eating part.

It was still dark when Matt awoke; he was lying on his back and gazing upward.  “How long have you been awake?” Matt asked, not having to look over toward Laurie.
“I never really got to sleep.  I heard every chime from the clock downstairs,” she replied, sounding very much awake.  “I can’t believe this is really happening.  I thought I would just go to sleep and when I woke up, everything would be as it was.”
“Yeah.  Hard to believe what has happened in the last twenty-four hours.  Especially being up here.  Seems like a movie we all found ourselves in. So surreal.”
They were both lying in the stillness with enough starlight filtering through the window to cast a faint glow around them. The heat from the fireplace downstairs had made its way up and felt good. Laurie rolled over and straddled Matt, the sheets slipping down along her back, the ambient light enough that he could see her above him.  She was wearing an old muscle tee; one of his that she had cut into a tank top that hung low and offered plenty.   Neither was wearing anything else.  Matt reached up under her top and she began to move.  He peeled up the shirt and lifted it above her breasts.
"So perfect they could fit into a martini glass." He said, leaning up on his arms.  She looked beautiful and he wanted to remember this moment forever. For however long forever was going to be.

Matt had finished making coffee when Laurie entered the kitchen, her hair slick after a shower.  She stood on her toes to kiss him, then holding him tight, pressed her cheek against his chest.
"Have you checked the news?" She asked, both anxious and reluctant to hear of civilization’s further decline.
"No.  Not yet."
"I'll go turn on the television and see if it’s working."  Laurie offered, and walked through the dining room, opening the French doors into the family room.  The embers glowed in the fireplace and it felt warm and cozy.  Laurie was about to flip the lights on when she noticed Dan on the couch.  He had pulled the ottoman up for his feet and was asleep, his head leaning back on the cushions and Asha, lying on her side, her head in his lap on a pillow.  Dan had found a quilt from the chest and had tucked it in around her.  They looked peaceful, and not wanting to disturb them, she quietly closed the doors and retreated to the kitchen.
"Anything on?" Matt asked.
"Don't know.  Dan and Asha are asleep in there.  They never made it to their rooms."
"They are sleeping together?  Got to hand it to him."
"Pig." Laurie said, slapping him on the arm. "Dan is sitting there on the couch, in his clothes and Asha is sleeping with her head in his lap, clothes on, thank you.  Looks like they were up late."
Matt knew not to fix her coffee.  Laurie was particular about that, like a chemist getting the right amount of half & half and Splenda, shaking the packets and tearing the tops three at a time, then sipping between careful additions until it was the perfect color and sweetness.  He never got tired of her ritual.
"What?" Catching him staring at her.
"Nothing," he commented, adding this scene to his memories.
Dan walked into the kitchen.  "Morning." 
"Dude, I thought you looked like shit yesterday morning but today wins the prize.”  Matt reached into the cabinet to take out another mug and poured him a cup of black coffee. 
"He's right, Dan.  There are clean towels in your bathroom.  Go shower."
"And you might want to shave,” Matt added.
Dan reached up to his chin and stroked his partial facial hair.  At 42, he looked youthful.  His skin was taut and there was not a line on his face or an ounce of fat around his waist.
"I don't know. I think Asha sort of digs it."  He shuffled past them into the back hallway, coffee in hand, grabbing a banana on the way.
Matt looked over to Laurie.  Her eyes were glassy and tears began to flow.
"What's wrong?" Matt asked with concern.
"Nothing.  It's just that I can tell Dan really likes her and he’s never met anyone.  I can see it in his eyes, and now this... this..." And she began to cry.  Matt put down his mug and taking the cup from her hand, placed it down on the counter. 
"Shhhh... Come on now.  It's not that terrible.  Besides, no matter what happens, we are all together and as for Dan, well, better to have loved and lost than not to have loved at all.  Isn’t that what they say?"
"But it's so unfair.  It sucks." she said, wiping her eyes and releasing his hold.  "By the way, it’s ‘Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all’.  I'm okay.  I just feel sorry for Dan.  I hope nothing happens to either of them.  I really like her."
"Good morning," Asha said from behind Laurie as she raised her arms up and yawned.  She had taken off her blouse and was in an army green sleeveless tee shirt, tight fitting across her chest.
Laurie looked back at Matt, who was raising his eyebrows. "Asha, would you like some coffee?" Matt offered.
"If you have tea, I would prefer that instead.” Asha replied.  "We were up so late, watching the news.  The TV was in and out for most of the night, but there is a lot happening on the web.  These Twigs. They are not harmful, but they are highly contagious.  The gray powder is a concentrated form of the crystals that can become aerosol.  That is why it is spreading so rapidly."  Asha went on to update them about the reports of the CDC and WHO.  It was a global pandemic with no cure in sight.  The national guard were sent into cities to burn the Twigs, but burning them only seemed to spread the contagion further and they were met with resistance by mobs trying to protect the Twigs.
"There is now real evidence that something is out there, stationary, inside geosynchronous orbit. There are multiples of these around the planet--not just one.  From what the astronomers can tell, these objects are three dimensional, geometric in shape and appear to be a rip in space.  The government has acknowledged this.  No contact has been established.  Every observatory around the world is trying to determine if a signal is there.  So far— nothing."
The teapot began to whistle and that got Asha off the subject.
"Would you like anything in your tea?" Laurie asked.
"Just some lemon."
"I have lemon juice?" Laurie apologized.
"That is more than perfect.  I use that too.  Saves time.  Having to squeeze those lemons."
Dan walked out from the hallway with a towel draped around his waist.  Like his sparse facial hair, he was hairless on his chiseled chest and ropey arms.
Laurie looked at Matt and raised her eyebrows. What really got Laurie's attention was the gaze between Dan and Asha.
"Matt, do you have any spare clothes I can borrow," Dan asked.  "Mine are a bit rank."
"Sure, follow me." Matt said and led Dan up the stairs. Asha was glancing at Dan in his towel. On their way up, they passed Cindi and Ed.
"Nice threads, Dan."
"Hey Matt, Dan." Ed said right behind his wife with Jen giggling at Dan in his towel.
Everyone was up and dressed; the sun was rising over the lake and they could see the water and floating platform through the bay windows of the dining room.  There was a light cover of snow on the ground and it looked like a perfect day until a series of shotgun blasts rang out, followed by distant screams.
Matt and Dan jumped up, their chairs sliding back along the planked floors.
"Everyone, down!" Matt called out.  "Dan, follow me." Matt led Dan to the mudroom off the kitchen.  He pulled open a small seascape oil painting on hinges, revealing a combination lock countersunk into the wall.  Matt calmly dialed the combination, and then pulled up a latch, revealing a hidden door in the cedar paneling.  As he opened it, a light turned on automatically as they entered the chamber.  
"Whoa!" Dan said taking it all in.  The walls were stocked with shotguns and ammunition, some of the firearms not so legal. A display of fully automatic rifles was the main attraction, with a white Bushmaster arc in the center of them all.  In the corner stood a bench with mounted ammo loading mills and a short-wave ham radio on a shelf above that.
Matt could read Dan's mind. "Yeah, Laurie's old man was a bit of a prepper.  Go figure."
"Bill? A prepper?  I'll be damned.”
"It used to skeeve me knowing it was all right here.  He showed me this room one day while Laurie and Gail were in town for lunch and shopping.  We were only married two years.  For three hours, he gave me an instructional lecture on every piece, where it was made, by whom, how to use, maintain, and what color coded drawers the ammo was stored in.  He had me memorize the combination and quizzed me on everything until I got it right. Then he said to me, 'Hope you never need to use any of it.  But if you do, use it and protect my daughter.'  He shut the door and that was the last time he ever spoke about it.  This is the first time I've been back.  Neither Laurie nor her mom knew this room existed.  Laurie still doesn't.  She would freak if she knew these were in the house."
Matt handed Dan a Moss modified over-and-under .12 gauge with laser spotter and a sash of cartridges, the blue cartridges being solid stock. Matt removed a 9 mm FN Five-seven semi-automatic pistol and fully automatic Bushmaster arc assault rifle from the wall and a duct taped end to end magazine in addition to the one already loaded, then shut the gun room door behind him but left it unlocked.
Returning to the dining room, Matt handed Ed the FN Five-Seven.
"Ed, here." And he demonstrated how to pop the magazine out and back in, before loading a fresh round into the chamber.  Ed looked like he was gripping the head of a rattlesnake.
"Matt, where did you get those?" Laurie questioned.
"Remember the story I was going to tell you about your dad. Well, your dad was a prepper and I’ll fill you in later but right now I need all of you to stay put. Dan and I are going to scout around a bit.”  
"Matt you can't go out there!"
"Laurie, we're just going to look.  It might only be hunters.”	 
"It sounded like the shots came from The Point." Dan reasoned.
Before he and Dan left the room, Matt instructed everyone to lock the doors and not to open them for anyone, no matter what.  
"You hear anything other than from Dan or me, you fire through the door."
"Matt!" Laurie cried out.
"Laurie, we'll be OK— I promise we won't use these weapons unless we have no other choice.  You know me.  You’re much better at killing flies than I am. Trust me."
Matt led Dan out to the side porch where they crossed the backyard through the trees and entered the garage.  Inside, Matt removed a couple of the white Tyvek suits and masks they had brought with them.
"Put these on.  It will help us blend into the birch and snow and who knows about the air quality."  They exited the back of the garage and followed the deer trail along the water toward the Point.  Ahead were the private cottages and they crouched down along a stand of birch.  
"No tracks, and the nearby branches are still holding snow so no one has been here in a while." Dan observed.  Matt was grateful for Dan's hunting and tracking skills.   Dan had ventured into many a sleeping bear’s den to perform husbandry on black bear while attaching tracking tags.   He was crazy to do things like that, but that sort of crazy was just what might save them.  They eased their way closer to the first cottage and into view of The Point.  At the base of the lobby steps face down in the snow was a body with blood splatter and steam rising around it.  Matt flipped the safety off his Bushmaster as Dan chambered a round into the lower barrel of his Moss.
They heard a single shot from inside the lodge and more screams.  In the driveway was an early model tan Ford pickup, raised on lifts to compensate for its oversized tires.  They could see someone dressed in camo standing on the far side of the truck and holding a rifle.
"Looks like locals." Matt said.  I think they figured The Point would have supplies.
"I'm thinking the same thing.” Dan replied. 
Another two figures came out through the front, each with a large duffle slung over their shoulder, one carrying a sawed-off shotgun, the other with pistol in hand.
Dan had started to raise the Moss when Matt placed his hand on the barrel for him to lower it.
"Let's not get into a gun battle here.  Hopefully they’ll just leave."
"You're not worried about them coming back?" Dan stated.  "They already killed at least one person; the houses around here will be easy picking for them.  Trust me, I hunt with these types all the time."
Matt was taking that in.  These were not ordinary times. "What's your plan?"
"I think we can ambush them by the road.  We can take out the truck.  We don't need to kill anyone but we can take their guns and show them we mean business.  They won't fuck with us after they see our gear."
"We have to be crazy, but I get it,” Matt said, blowing out a quick breath from behind his mask.  
"Follow me." Dan said, as he moved out in front of Matt.  They ducked behind the string of cottages and made their way to the road.  
"I'll stay here behind this oak,” Dan said, laying out his plan.  "You cross over and up the other side to that outcropping.  That will give us both good coverage and you a better vantage point. As soon as you hear me plug the grill of the truck, take out the right side tires, and then level your sites on the windshield.  I'll talk them out.  If you see them trying to get out too quickly, rake the backside of the truck. Ok?"  Dan was looking at his best friend, whose eyes were wide open.  "It'll be okay, they’ll be feeling a bit cocky after a kill and won’t expect anything.  Trust me. They'll shit in their pants at the site of us."  And he huffed.  "They might even think we're the aliens in these suits," Dan said, patting Matt on his shoulder and sending him on his way.
Dan stayed low and could see the pickup making the bend through the trees.  He stood up with his back against the trunk of the oak, his Moss ready in his hands with the safety off.  He listened to the driver's nervous foot on the gas as it got closer and closer, then stepped out and braced himself sideways to reduce his exposure, leveling the Moss to the grill and firing.  The recoil of the solid slug was hefty, much greater than he anticipated.  The slug slammed into the grill and sounded like a wrench being thrown into a turbine, grinding the engine to a halt.  Dan kept the Moss leveled at the tinted windshield and began to move forward when the burst of Matt's automatic erupted, the first burst falling short and kicking up snow.  The second longer burst shredded the front right tire and raked along the truck's chrome running board, sparks flying, the tracers guiding Matt to the rear right tire and the truck listing abruptly on its side. In the dead silence of the aftermath, Dan flipped his mask onto his head and shouted.
"Out of the fucking truck! Now!  I want to see your hands in the air!  Any guns and we light the fucking world on fire, you fucks!  Out of the truck, now!"
It was quiet, except for the pulsing sound of blood rushing into their ears.
The passenger side door fell open.
"Don't shoot!  I'm coming out!"
Dan could see a boot edging out and touch the ground, then another.  It was the guy in the camo.  He stepped out with his hands up.  There was some arguing in the truck and the guy in the camo was nervously looking back into the cab, then back to Dan.
Dan had a bead on the guy.
"Don't shoot, man. I'm not armed."  He stood outside the passenger door, as as he heard the two inside arguing.
"Put your hands behind your head and kneel down in front of the truck." The guy in camo was frozen in place.
"Do it!" shouted Dan.  The guy moved cautiously in front and bent down on one knee.
"Don't kill me, man.  Please."
"Both knees!" Dan shouted and leveled the Moss at him.  The guy dropped onto the other knee and Dan returned his attention to the cab.
"You two in the truck.   Get the fuck out now!" Dan shouted.
Matt was focused on the movement in the truck, the site of his Bushmaster centered on the windshield.   
 The driver's side door opened quickly and a hand holding a pistol in the air came out at the same time a rifle barrel pointed from the passenger side at Matt.
"Drop the guns!  Drop the guns!" shouted Dan.  The pistol   was leveled at him and a shot rang out. All hell broke loose as Matt held his finger on the trigger and the windshield exploded; Dan pumping round after round into the cab, the guy on his knees diving face first into the ground as glass and shrapnel rained down.  Matt let go of the trigger when he heard a dry click and looked down at the hot empty shells sinking into the snow. He snapped the magazine out, flipped it, slapped it into place then leveled the site back onto the hole that was a windshield. 
There was no movement in the truck and aside from the ringing in his ears, it was dead silent.  Dan had circled the driver's side, the end of his smoking barrel prying open the door.  That's when Matt saw a rope of deep crimson dripping from the cab and coiling onto the white of the road.  Dan let the door shut and dropped the Moss to his side.  He signaled for Matt to come down.  

"That didn't go so well," Matt said.  They were standing apart; the guy in the camo between them, his hands behind his head and nose to the ground.  He had pissed his pants.  Dan tapped the barrel of his Moss on the guy's elbow.
"Come on.  Get up."
"You're not going to kill me, are you?  It wasn't me.  I didn't kill no one.  It was Stu.  I told him I didn't want anything to do with it.  I wasn't gonna kill no one...."
"Shut the fuck up.” Dan said, remorse in his voice.  "Get up." The guy unlatched his trembling hands and slowly got to his knees then stood as the pebbles of broken glass fell from his jacket.   "Start walking and don't turn around.  Turn around and I'll fucking blow your head off.  You tell every one of those low life fucking bottom feeder friends of yours that if they think they can come up here and murder innocent people they’ll have to deal with us!” Dan looked crazed.  "Those helpless souls you killed didn’t deserve that!"  There was spittle coming out of his mouth and his eyes looked wild.  "You tell them this is just a trial run.  We own this fucking mountain!" Dan screamed out, his Moss raised above his head. The guy took off running in baby steps, trying not to slide on the snow-covered road.

"Dan. What are we going to do about this?” Matt asked, turning toward the truck and watching the slick of blood pooling on the ground.
"Nothing.  We leave it.  As is.  A warning."
"We can’t just leave everything like this! What if the cops come out here?"
"Then they find them."
"Dan.  They can also trace our tracks back to the camp."
"They aren't coming up here, Matt.  They aren't coming anywhere near here and if they do, they won't be arresting anyone. Not today, not tomorrow, not for a long time."
"I hope you're right about that." Matt remarked and started to walk down the road to the camp. 
Matt didn't know what to say.  "The girls and Ed have to be totally freaked out with all that shooting."  He pulled out the short-range radio.
"This is Matt.  We're OK and heading back. Over."
"MATT!" Laurie's voice was frantic.  "What happened out there?  There was so much gunfire!"
"A lot.  We'll tell you when we get there. Over.”, and let go of the talk button.
"I killed someone, Dan,” Matt said.
"We both did.  They had the option not to come out shooting, and they chose the wrong option."
"Why would they do that?  All they had to do was leave the guns in the truck and get out.”
"You can't blame yourself, Matt.  They did the math and maybe they know more than we do— that no one gets out alive and we did what they couldn't do for themselves."
They walked back in silence.  It was peaceful, but eerily quiet.  No birds, no deer, no raccoon tracks in the fresh snow.  Maybe they know something too, Matt thought. 
Arriving at the camp, Matt pressed the button on his radio. 
"We're just outside and coming in."  The door swung open and Ed stood with the pistol in hand, Laurie pushing past him.
"Matt." is all she could manage to say, as if the chance would never again be there for her.  Behind Ed were Asha, Cindi and Jen, with Oscar squeezing out among everyone, tail wagging and a greeting filled with joy.
"Oh geez," said Dan retreating behind Matt as Oscar now had his game plan and pranced around Matt toward him.  "My shins can't take another beating."  It was what the moment needed, a laugh to push away what had just happened. To forget about the bodies in the truck or those lost to the contagion. Looking up, the sky was cobalt blue and strung with contrails high above, oblivious to the life being extinguished beneath it.   
Back inside, Matt and Dan recounted the events at The Point and explained the cache of weaponry to Laurie, who was shocked that her father had this secret.  It all seemed so far removed as they stood around the kitchen island, carving off pieces of cheese and drinking coffee and tea.  At any other time, their deeds would have seemed barbaric, unforgivable.  But the instinct to survive trumps all, and collectively, they felt justified in their actions.   
"I think we should stay put for a while."  Matt said.  "I'm not sure how safe anything is out on the water either, especially because there’s no cover out there."
"Dan, I never thought I would say these two things," Laurie said, "but I am so grateful for you in our lives." And leaning over, kissed him on the cheek.
"What's the second?" He asked, feeling a bit awkward.
"Laurie looked up and placed both palms on his cheeks. "That I actually let you convince me to store that venison in the garage freezer."
"Oh my God." laughed Matt.  "I forgot all about that."
"What is venison?" Asha asked.
"Deer meat!"  Jen shouted.

Matt always knew Dan was the guy you wanted around in a life and death situation.  He just never thought that day would come.  Ironically, there were guns involved on that first day they met and hopefully this would not be their last day together. For the remainder of the day, Matt checked out the backup generators and levels of propane in the holding tanks as Dan collected some fallen trees nearby and chopped them into firewood.  The girls took inventory of the cabinets in the kitchen and discovered a cache of dried food in the garage guesthouse. All in all, they could survive for quite a few months on what they had; with the lakes not yet frozen solid, they could still catch some small fish off the dock. 
The sun was getting low and would be setting over the mountains soon.  Everyone was in the family room.  Cell reception had disappeared along with internet.  Television infrastructure was crumbling.  Then they saw and heard it: the flicker of a desk light and the low rumble of the generator off the mudroom kicking on. Matt asked everyone to check all lights in the bedrooms to make sure there was no unnecessary use of electricity and to unplug all cellphone and iPad chargers.  They swept the house and met back in the family room.
"The generator will only run when the draw is greater than what the solar inverters produce. The panels on the roof should cover us during the day. We'll need the generator at night to keep the food cold and pump water from the well, but that should be minimal.  Try not to use the hot water unless you have to.  All the suites have their own tankless hot water heaters, so the draw there should be small.  We have enough wood to keep us warm."
"Has anyone seen Oscar?" Cindi asked. 
"I let him out back earlier." Ed replied.   I'll go check."
Ed walked into the kitchen and opened the back door.  "Oscar!" followed by a sharp whistle. "Here boy!"
Ed returned to the family room, "Could he be up in Jen's room with the door shut?"
"I'll go check." Jen eagerly volunteered, and scampered out of the room and past the kitchen to the back staircase, even though the main staircase was closer.  Any excuse for her to tread up the narrow wooden steps that twisted around like a secret passage.
She returned to the family room, winded.  "He's not upstairs."
"I'm sure he's outside somewhere. " Cindi said.  "’I’ll check the front door, he could be sitting there waiting to get in."  She returned without Oscar.
"I'll check outside again,” Ed offered.
"I'll go with you,” Dan added, grabbing the Moss on the way out.   He could tell Ed was relieved, as were Cindi and Laurie. Ed was the stereotypical computer geek that could get lost in his own driveway, but could hack into any corporate network, as well as play a mean ukulele.
The sky was bright and the low sun was filtering through the trees as Ed and Dan stood outside.
"Oscar!" Ed called out. "Come on, boy!"
"Ed, I'll check the garage and guest house in case he got locked in there.  You okay to check down by the dock?"
"Sure.  No problem,” he replied and headed down the path, nine mm in hand.
On his way to the garage, Dan was looking in the snow for tracks but could not see any dog prints.  If fact, there were no prints of any sort.  As he approached the back door to the garage, he heard the faint call from Ed.
"Dan! Dan, come here.  I found him!"
It was more frantic then Dan cared to hear as he sprinted back through the yard and down the path, scaling the rocks until he reached the bottom of the trail where it opened up onto the dock.  He could see Ed on the other side of the boathouse, standing with his back toward him.
"Ed?"
Ed half turned.  There were tears running down his face, his hair a mess, as he rubbed his mouth repeatedly with his forearm.  As Ed stepped aside, Dan could see Oscar at the end of the dock, his jaws clamped firmly onto the oversized boat cleat Laurie's father had salvaged from the local Coast Guard station. From the back of Oscar's head, Dan could make out the Twig and his heart sank in his chest. 
Dan walked over to Ed and placed a hand on his shoulder. Dan looked down at Oscar and could hear the slow deep breaths beneath his shaggy coat.  He was still alive, a sigh now and then, his eyes focused on the distance.
"Yesterday morning," Ed began.  "Before we knew anything, I took Oscar down to the end of the street by the bay like I always do.  He loved to run in and out of the reeds.  That's where he got it.  Isn't it, Dan?"  Ed looked up.  "Oh God!"  He said, running his hand through his hair, checking the back of his head. "I don't want anything to happen to Cindi or Jen.  Oh please God." And he began to sob. "It's my fault.  It's all my fault."
"Ed. Come on.  You said it yourself.  It was before anyone knew anything. It's not your fault." 
Ed was trembling.  He dropped the pistol onto the dock and crossed his arms, holding in the pain, and began to tremble as he looked down at Oscar once more.
“Dan.  You know how this will end.”
“Yes, I do.” Dan replied, knowing very well that it was game over, for all of them.
"Please God.  Don't do this!” Ed cried out, tilting his head upward.
Dan placed his arm around Ed's shoulders.  "Ed, there's nothing you or I can do here.  We need to go back to the house.  Come on.  Take a few deep breaths.  You need to be strong about this, for Cindi and for Jen.  Hold them, Ed.  Tell them you love them."  All Dan could think of was how Oscar had padded over to Asha and was licking her face. And now he was going to lose her.  
"Come on." Dan said. "Take a deep breath.  It will be important for them to see you looking in control."
Ed was nodding, still looking down in despair.  He blinked clear his eyes and took a few deep breaths.  
"That's good,” encouraged Dan.  "For now, let's not say anything about Oscar.  No need to panic everyone.  I'll tell Matt.  He's much more—“ and he placed his fist up to his mouth searching for the right words and stifling his own dreaded thoughts, —“he’s much more diplomatic than I would ever be at this sort of thing.”
"When they returned to the house, Dan opened the door to the mudroom and stepped in, shaking the snow from his boots.  "You ready, Ed?"
"No," Ed nodded.  "Not really." And they stepped into the kitchen.
Matt, Laurie and Asha were standing around the center island.
"Any luck?" Laurie asked, popping a grape into her mouth.
Dan responded before Ed had any chance to falter. "No, but I'm sure wherever he is, he'll remember who feeds him," gaining a laugh from even Ed.  But it was the laugh from Asha that pierced his heart.  
"Matt, can you help me with the generator outside.” Dan asked.  “Looks like a loose bolt." 
"Sure.  Let me grab my coat and toolbox." He followed Dan outside.
Dan stood there with his hands in his pockets looking into his best friend's eyes.
"It's not about the generator, is it?" Matt asked.  I can see it in your eyes.  Is it about the truck thing, because I'm ok with it?"
"Matt.  We found Oscar.  He's down by the dock.  He's a Twig, Matt." And saying aloud what Matt was now thinking, "That's not good news. All of us have had close contact with Oscar, and each other."
Matt looked visibly ill.  He dropped the toolbox to the ground and placed his hand over his mouth.  He was at a loss for words and was shaking his head with his eyes closed tight.  He then looked back at the house.  "Laurie,” he muttered, and walked inside, leaving Dan where he was.
A minute later, Asha stepped out into the cold air with only her tee shirt for warmth.  There were tears in her eyes.  She stood on the porch stoop and as Dan started toward her she leapt into his arms, kissing him passionately.  He peeled off his jacket and draped it around her shoulders, then reached for her hand and led her inside.  Matt and Laurie were not there as he led Asha through the kitchen and into his room.  Inside, she threw herself at him once again, backing him into the pine-slatted door and closing it tightly. Still kissing her, he raised her off the floor and walked her to his bed, gently laying her down.  Like lovers separated for years, they tore at each other's clothes.  Dan on his back, his shoulders up against the headboard, as he watched her unhook the clasp of her bra and toss it to the side.  The setting sun splashed upon her golden skin, intensifying her beauty, and he lay motionless watching her mount and guide him into her, never taking his eyes away from her own.  She leaned down and moved toward his lips, her breasts brushing against his chest as she kissed him gently, her tears rolling onto his cheeks.       

It was dark when Dan and Asha entered the family room. Jen lay with her head in her mother’s lap as Cindi stroked her daughter’s hair, while Ed sat at the other end of the couch, defeated.  Matt stood by the fire, beer in hand, iron poker dangling from the other as Laurie rested her head against his shoulder, both her hands clasped around Matt's arm.  It felt like a room for the condemned.
Dan coughed to announce their entrance and the room seemed to go from pause to play; Matt stirring the wood that sent sparks up the chimney, Ed getting to his feet and asking if anyone needed something to drink as he exited to the kitchen, Cindi asking if there was music to put on, Jen offering her iPhone’s playlist, and Laurie facing Dan and Asha, her eyes glassed over with tears and feeling genuinely happy for them. Matt addressed the elephant in the room.  There was no avoiding it. 
“I think we shouldn't interfere,” pausing.  “We don’t know what happens in the process.”  It was getting too difficult a subject to address.
“Are we going to turn into Twigs?” Jen asked, the pitch of her voice innocent.
Cindi started to answer, ready to convince her daughter that no such thing was going to happen, but reached down and kissed her forehead. “Mommy and daddy love you and we will always be together.  I promise.” 
“Will Oscar be with us too?”, asked Jen, her child-like eyes looking up at her mother.  Cindi could not hold back the tears.
“Yes, honey.  Oscar too.”   This comforted Jen, who closed her eyes as her mother smoothed out her hair.  She looked so peaceful with the steady rise and fall of her tiny chest, so fragile. That’s when Cindi felt it, a slight bump on the back of her daughter’s scalp and she gasped.
Ed rushed over and sat next to his wife and reached down gently, feeling around his daughter’s head beneath her hair. 
He stood up quickly and began to pace, then walked out toward the kitchen, the burden of guilt too much to endure.  Dan sensed this and followed Ed out.
“Ed, you can’t blame yourself for this.  Be strong for Jen and Cindi.  They need you now more than ever.”
“Dan.  I can’t.  I can’t watch this happen.  To Jen, Cindi, any of us!”
“Ed.  We’ll make sure she’s comfortable and we’ll stay with her.”
Ed collected himself and returned to the family room and sat by his wife as Jen dozed.
In a matter of hours, the bump had grown into the ornate Twig Dan and Matt had seen on every Internet page before the net went down for good.  The Twigs seemed as unique as fingerprints, never two the same. 
When Jen awoke, she looked beyond the faces of her mother and father and sat up.  Her head moved from side to side as if honing in on something, then standing, Jen headed toward the door.  Cindi grabbed and held Jen in her arms, crying out in pain.  Jen did not fight her mother but kept trying to look over her shoulder as if being called.  
“Oh God!”  Cindi cried out, sobbing uncontrollably.  “I won’t let her go!  I can’t!”
Laurie reached into the blanket chest and removed a quilt that her mother would drape over her as a child when she fell asleep on the couch.  She placed it around Jen’s shoulders. 
Matt reached his arms gently around Cindi, resting his hands upon hers.
“We have to let her go. We don’t know what happens if we stop her.  We’ll stay with her, I promise, through it all.  She will not be in any pain.”
“I can’t let her go, Matt!  I can’t!”  She was on the verge of hysterics.
“Matt’s right, Cindi," Ed said, stepping up.  We can’t stop her, but we can all be together.” Ed grabbed some coats and blankets as Matt eased Cindi's arms away from her daughter.  
"No!  No, no, no, I can't!" Cindi broke down as any mother would, having to watch their child surrender their life.  She began to wail as Matt eased her away.  Ed’s eyes were rimmed in red, but he seemed to have reached acceptance.  Laurie and Asha surrounded Cindi and held her.  Jen, now free, began to walk with purpose toward the door in her acorn slippers and quilt draped around her shoulders.  The twig above her head, like a crown of thorns, guiding her beyond what anyone could see.
Matt held the flashlight ahead of Jen while Dan cleared a path through the snow.  She walked down the trail to the dock as if she were walking in her sleep.  Ed and Cindi were behind Jen with Laurie and Asha following.  Jen's face took on a vacant expression of calm as the procession led to the edge of the dock where Oscar lay still.  The sliver of moon and the brightness of the Milky Way above were enough for all to see clearly.  Jen approached Oscar and sat with her knees tucked beneath her side. Her final act was to reach out to the cleat and grip it tightly, as Cindi cried out, blind with tears.  Jen raised her eyes toward the declination and was content.  
It was a peaceful scene filled with sadness. Cindi and Ed wanted to stay, so Matt and Dan pulled some Adirondack chairs from the boathouse and placed them beside Jen and Oscar.  It was cold, but the air was still and the water took on a primordial calm. Not a ripple, not even the sound of loons in the night. All decided to stay, so Laurie and Asha went back to the house and collected sleeping bags and more blankets, while Matt and Dan pulled out two more double lounge chairs and a small mushroom heater, placing it near everyone, giving enough warmth to take the edge off the night.  
Matt awoke in the predawn light, wrapped warmly in his sleeping bag and blankets with Laurie at his side. The mushroom heater had extinguished and the chairs around him were empty. 
“Laurie.” Matt whispered into her ear and nudged her gently.
She stirred.  Then her eyes sprang open, the reality flooding into her.  She was relieved to still be alive, that her husband was beside her.
“Matt.” Laurie said.  She yawned and placed her hand over her mouth and stretched out her legs in the sleeping bag.  
“Laurie. They're gone.”
She pushed on her forearms to see the chairs.  They were empty, and beyond them at the edge of the dock, were Cindi and Ed and Dan and Asha, aligned in pairs behind Oscar and Jen, side by side.  She sank down with her head resting upon Matt’s chest.
"Matt?"
"Yeah."
"What do you think happens?"
"I don't know." Matt replied.  
"I'm afraid, Matt.  I don't want to die like this."
Matt did not have an answer for her.  All he could do was squeeze his hold of her a little tighter.  Laurie reached up with her fingers to twirl his hair, a habit of hers when they watched movies at home on the couch.  Matt's eyes began to blur.  He would miss that about her, about their life together.  He never imagined not being with her and she felt the same.  She reached around his head to pull him tight, and breathed in sharply.
Matt placed his hand over hers.  Slowly he edged along her fingers to his scalp where he felt a slight bump. He tilted his forehead down to hers and looked into her hazel eyes.
"I'm sorry." Matt whispered.
Laurie reached up with both hands around his neck and held him for a moment.
"It's ok.  I have one too." Laurie took his hand in hers and guided it to the back of her head.  Her Twig was already an inch or two long. "I just didn’t have the courage to tell you." 
"Do we have to always do everything together?" Matt said, which got a sobbing laugh from Laurie.  They kissed.
"When the time comes," Laurie said, “promise me you will be with me."
"You know I will." Matt said, the tears running down his cheeks.  "I love you so much," and kissed her passionately.
They sat bundled in blankets and watched the sun rise over the lake. Their hands clasped together.  It was as if the entire Earth had stopped moving.  No birds chirping.  No breeze through the pines above them.  No ripples on the lake.  They seemed to be the last living things on Earth.
"I can feel it, Matt," Laurie said calmly.  "It's like seeing everything yet seeing nothing."  Her speech was starting to slur.  "I... l... lov... ew.... " And her grasp relaxed in Matt's hand.  He had been watching her.  The twig above her head was ornately branched and the early morning light was refracting through the crystals, giving it a life and beauty of its own.   She sat up, still looking straight ahead and then swung her legs off the side of the chair, and stood.  Her head moved slightly from side to side, fixing her bearing as Matt stood beside her.  He was not sure she could hear him, but he said it anyway.
"Laurie.  I will never stop loving you."  
He stayed a few steps in front of her, moving the chairs out of her way.  She stood briefly behind Asha, then kneeled down on the dock and placed her hands firmly along Asha's sides and looked up to the declination.  She was gone.  A shell.  
Matt took a blanket and draped it over his shoulders.  He sat in a lotus position behind Dan, facing Laurie. It wasn't long before he felt what Laurie started to describe. A warming from within and no sense of the cold around him, then a tingling behind his eyes, and, not remembering when he crossed the threshold, he felt something.  It was textural from all directions, without sight, sound, or smell.  It was something else entirely, something infinite, the knowledge of others around him.  
Laurie?
Yes Matt.
Am I dreaming?
No, Laurie streamed.  
We're moving, aren't we?  Matt streamed.  Through space and time.
Yes.  There are so many others; Laurie's thoughts streaming into his.
Dan?  Asha? Cindi? Ed? Jen? Oscar?
Yes, streamed Laurie.  Ahead of us.
He could perceive the image of Earth, shrinking in size as they moved at great speeds away from it.  There was something else, a sudden impact from a colossal asteroid sending out a seismic shockwave enveloping the entire planet, debris radiating into space, destruction on a global scale.
Was that really happening? Did you see that, Laurie? 
Yes.  We all did.
Where are we going? Matt streamed.   
A place, far from here, she streamed, sharing images with Matt that had been shared with her.
It's beautiful.  Why?  Matt streamed.
In time, Laurie streamed.  In time. We have much to learn from them.

From the Author
I hope you enjoyed reading this short novella as much as I enjoyed writing it.  I would love to hear your feedback and will answer your questions, so please take the time to write a quick review and let me know what you thought.  I am getting many requests to continue November Seed, so your reviews may make that happen sooner than later.  Thank you again and I hope to keep your interest in future reads. You can keep up with what I am working on by visiting www.davidnadas.com

Why I wrote November Seed:

Growing up at the Jersey shore, I would run for hours along the estuaries in the tall thrush of Phragmites.  I suppose it was the same for kids in the Midwest running through fields of corn.  What I remember most about those times were the Phragmites plumes in late fall, when running through them left us covered in white.  The seeds were everywhere: in our hair, mouths, and clinging to our clothes.  As a student of Marine Biology at Stockton College in South Jersey, I began to appreciate the biology behind these remarkable plants.  They are resilient to say the least, bothering few because they thrive in soil not suited for anything else.  One day, my wife and I were driving through upstate NY, into the Adirondacks where this story ends, and all along the highways were patches of Phragmites in places I did not expect to see them growing. Now having read November Seed, you know what they are, and you will see; they are everywhere.

