




Oak


By


Angela B. Mortimer






From A Midsummer-Night’s Dream
By
William Shakespeare

Oberon:
“Then, my Queen, in silence sad;
Trip we after the nights shade;
We the globe can compass soon,
Swifter than the wandering moon.”






Copyrighted Material

Oak

Copyright © Angela B. Mortimer 2015

ISBN 9781311331540
Published by Smashwords

This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales are purely coincidental.
The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.






Dedication:


Mum, for her family’s pain, on both sides, giving her back one ancient church, if imaginary.

And

To Peter Brook, for his 1970 RSC Stratford version of Midsummer Night’s Dream.
I’ve never forgotten the First Night.
Not only for the best version of any the Dream I have ever seen, but also at the party afterwards, for Peter Brook was off to Broadway. Going against my father’s parting words on my first holiday with friends at the RSC Summer School; he warned me about red wine - I had 2.
Hope I wasn’t drunk when I spoke to Peter Brook.
Worse, I threw-up over the fountain in the garden. Next morning my friends and I, being good citizens, borrowed something to clean up my mess – but it had gone.
Since then the Dream lives in my memory.


And
Wiltshire Police.
Thanks for your help.





OAK



Chapter 1

‘Rufus. Come here boy,’ Simon Stone yelled at his ever-curious Red Setter. But the dog refused to come to heel, three more high-pitched barks ending with a tortured whine was his response. ‘Rufus, here now.’ Another bark, meaning no you come here.
Simon gripped the lead hard and strode off to grab Rufus, and pull him away from the stream. He was never this disobedient, Simon felt dread and hurried faster.
When he reached the bank he knew his apprehension was justified, a girl floated face upwards. A face as pale as the sunless autumn sky, her long, dark hair spread out, or sometimes entwined in the mesh of floating twigs, which held her body fast to the shore. Forgetting his arthritis Simon scrambled down the steep and muddy bank, sliding most of the way he landed knee-deep in the water, he hardly noticed the cold. He grabbed at the girl, he had no hope she was alive, but he had to find out.
‘Helena, Helena, not you too, not you sweetheart.’ He shivered, but he couldn’t leave her and she was too heavy for a man of seventy-five with arthritis to lift. ‘Rufus, go get Mark, go get Mark, go boy.’ Rufus gave another whining bark, waited, but at the second. ‘Rufus, get Mark now, good boy,’ the dog understood and ran off in the right direction.

‘So where’s this St Aethelstan, if it’s not on the map or that bloody thing?’ Detective Chief Inspector Michael Campion, of Wiltshire S.O.C.I.T., shoved a finger at the sat nav.
He hadn’t had breakfast, nor his heart-starter coffee, hoping for a lay-in on Saturday. The lovely Wiltshire countryside was still too big for the ex-London copper, finding it hard to come to terms with the greenery. Even in Devizes, it was if he were alone in a great sea of grass and trees.  The town would have to spread out a few more miles in every direction before he felt at home.
He’d married a local girl, and so knew one day she’d want to come back. Her mother needed help with her father. He understood that, agreed it was best for him too. Another few years and he’d retire, but after three months, every day he still longed for the madness of the capital.
From the back seat, Detective Constable Mary O’Brien navigated. ‘Funny place sir, spread out on a long, flat area along a brook. The actual village is the pub and Norman church, and a few homes. Everyone else lives in hamlets up and down the stream. There’s a manor too, two miles out this way. And there’s an old forest along one side, the village owns it - if it was the manors they’d have sold it.’
‘How do you know this O’Brien?’ asked Detective Sergeant Rob Collet. He wasn’t comfortable driving along a narrow, country lane with high hedges, following and being followed by several other police vehicles. ‘And what the hell with this bloody, narrow lane that looks like it leads to a farm?’
‘Mum likes to go to mass here, I go with her when I can, the church is ancient and has a great atmosphere. Not sure how true it is, but I’ve heard the villagers are all Catholics, and St Athelstan saved them from both Cromwells - amongst others. Great place, kind of mysterious.’
‘So why constable, aren’t they crawling with Catholic tourists on this cold Saturday morning,’ this was way out of Michael’s comfort zone.
‘Not on the map sir,’ she gave a cheeky grin, ‘besides they come on Sundays.’
‘They would. I thought Aethelstan was the first English king, and he’s popular in Wiltshire, is he the same?’ Michael asked, confused.
‘He was sir, but this is a different Aethelstan, not sure of dates?’ O’Brien checked her phone. 
‘Do either of you know who runs this area?’ asked Michael.
‘Yes sir, so do you sarge, it's David Wilsher.’
‘Oh yeah, good bloke, has two kids, twins,’ Rob was glad he knew something.
‘Turn right here sarge,’ instructed Mary.
To Rob’s annoyance, the lane was even narrower.

The girl Helena Mayne must have been a beauty, Michael felt annoyed, he always did when the victim was young, and she looked younger in death than her twenty years.
‘Anything yet doc?’ he asked the usual question and got the usual answer. Doctor Steph Caldwell gave Michael one of her famous withering glares.
‘Not until the P.M. - it is very hard to drown oneself in a shallow stream unless you are drugged or drunk, so you must wait for those results, and the girl was face up. I will admit there’s bruising on her neck and shoulders, and I’m told she didn’t die here, had to be upstream. It’s being searched, check with Wilsher. I will make sure it gets priority, the coroner’s informed, we have a suspicious death.’
Michael, dismissed, checked on Collet and O’Brien. O’Brien was promoted a few months before he’d moved here. Of the two detectives on the team, he found her faster and more intelligent than Collet. She thought ahead. He didn’t make an observation until he had the facts. Both of their methods worked, but best together. She interviewed the Stone family.
Simon was still there, sat in a folding chair, covered in blankets, he looked cold, his still dripping wellies, upside-down beside him.
O’Brien smiled as Michael came over. ‘Sir,’ she indicated the sitting man, ‘this is Mr Stone, his dog found the body.’ She introduced her boss, to Simon and his son Mark, standing behind with another person, Father Christopher Briant, the local priest, whom she knew. They were upset, but Simon was the worst affected.
‘Who could kill a lovely, gentle soul like Helena, no-one from this village?’ Simon Stone didn’t look his age, a handsome man with white hair and blue eyes. His son, well-built with black hair, and the same startling eyes, had his hand on his father’s shoulder. Father Briant stood behind, sandy-haired, but with those same bright, blue eyes. Michael drew some very unscientific conclusions.
‘You think Helena was murdered Mr Stone?’ queried Michael.
‘What else? Be hard to drown in there, without being murdered, it’s barely a foot deep in most places. Besides, she wasn’t the type.’ His son and the priest nodded at this.
‘What type was she?’
‘Good, you know, pure of soul, helped everyone, especially the sick and old, and any animal wanting nursing, wild or otherwise, they always brought them to Helena.’
O’Brien interrupted, speaking softly, ‘She’s been working at the pub, and doing a degree on-line. Lost her grandparents not that long ago, and her mother Catherine was murdered in a similar way when she was ten.
‘We know who did that too, that mad Damon Percy. But William Percy lied for him, gave him an alibi. Trouble is, he’ll do the same again unless you find something concrete,’ Mark was angry.
‘Who was Helena’s father,’ Michael noted what they were saying, but felt it necessary to move onto something else.
‘Catherine, her mother, was a teacher in Swindon. She boarded there, coming home weekends and school breaks, while her daughter stayed with her grandparents,’ Mark said. ‘She never married, but when she was about forty she had Helena. Most here reckon it was the elder Percy raped her. Bastards, all them Percys, utter bastards.’
‘Not keen on the Percys?’ asked Michael, in his softest voice - not his safest.
‘They’ve wanted the village back since the winds destroyed their house, and took away their wealth and lives. Lady Percy, the widow, was a good woman, she gave us the village and the wood after the disaster, and left. Her elder sons were killed, no-one to inherit but a young child. They hadn’t the money to rebuild, so they sold the land for farming. Then these bastards bought it back after the industrial revolution, so you can imagine where they got the money from,’ Simon sounded as if he were quoting something.’
‘When were these first destructive winds Mr Stone?’ asked O’Brien, looking at her bosses face.
‘We all know that,’ Simon said proudly, ‘October the 29th 1539.’

 It was nearly midday before Michael and Mary left Rob, and David Wilsher to collate the findings from the murder sites. The Marlborough doctor insisted that Helena was one of the most sensible beings he had on his books, and he couldn’t believe she’d commit suicide. But Michael left nothing to chance, he told the doctor he’d call in, and have a chat. Right now Michael’s stomach had to have food, and the only place he had any hope of that around here was the pub.
Mary was right, the village was charming. The ancient Norman church still in Catholic hands was a rarity, and the pub looked as old. Michael was fond of the country pubs, better than the ones in the smoke. He wondered if his wife Christine would consider renting out the cottage and help him run one? Of course not, the kids might be gone at last. But now there were her parents to assist, not to mention his mum in London.  And the house, pardon, houses and gardens, and she wanted to further her psychology doctorate. Plenty of psychology in a pub he thought.
Mary always used her good looks, and charm to best advantage. She was beautiful in that dark-haired Irish way, and her green eyes were usually laughing. Trouble was he was fifty-one, and he felt old, another four years and he had thirty up in the force.  His wife was the same age as he, and she made him feel old, and one-step behind everyone else. Mary set to charm the stressed pub-owner into providing food.
She didn’t have to, as soon as they got to the bar in the Oak, Mark Stone asked. ‘Would you be ok with just steak and chips, we’re behind because of Helena, and to be honest we are not in the mood for cooking.’
On the house too, and a glass of good bitter. Michael felt better. Should have paid, but Mark refused. So he put the money in the church collection box, conveniently right by his elbow on the bar, to salve his conscience. Mark nodded as he did so.
‘How many people live in the village, Mark?’ He asked, ‘I notice it’s spread over a larger area than usual.’
Mark made an odd face, ‘This is the village proper, not many here, just Father Christopher, me and my wife, and my youngest son. The other two are at university in Exeter and Southampton.  John Payne has the cottage over the road. He helps out when we need it. His wife helps too when we get busy, and she’s the housekeeper for Christopher. John does odd jobs, he’s an electrician by trade, but he’s known best for his carpentry. Mrs Ward lives next door to him, she’s widowed, no children, her husband used to work in Swindon at the railway station, years ago. Most around here work in Swindon nowadays, or in Marlborough, Devizes, and some travel as far as Reading, even Bristol. Most of our children settle elsewhere, but remember their roots and like to visit.’ The smell of cooking made Michael hungrier. ‘The Barlow’s live in the Priest’s house - there’s a few of them, and the Morse’s are next door. There are another forty families or so spread out along the river and six local farms. I can give you a list, but I must fire up my computer.’
‘Great Mark, if you would, and give to list to Detective Constable O’Brien, if you don’t mind. If the Barlow’s live in the priest’s house…?’
‘Not been the priest’s house for what… at least since the war, Father Chris lives in a smaller cottage back of the church.’
Mary chipped in, ‘My phone’s dead, not been able to get a signal for about ten minutes.’
‘It happens a lot, you have to go in any direction for about a mile or two, sometimes more, it depends. Use the pub’s phone any time you need to, and everyone in the village will help if you can’t get reception, we loved Helena. Oh, I forgot Colin Derwen, he lives in the old wood. There’s a gate about a half a mile left, the way you came in, and then a rough road through the woods to his house. He’s a professor of some kind of biology, he went to Oxford but he guest lectures all over the place, even America. He comes in when he’s home, but haven’t seen him for a while. The wife might know, when she comes out with the food you can ask her, she keeps an eye on his place when he’s away.’

Michael did, and regretted it, thinking he should have waited, because his chips were getting cold. Teresa Stone loved to talk. He noticed O’Brien forgetting her manners and cutting into her steak. ‘Not seen Colin for about four weeks, no doubt he’s off globetrotting, not that he’s up himself mind. Nice man, funny he’s never married…’ she looked puzzled, and then her face cleared. ‘Remember his dad too - he retired to somewhere in Cornwall. His wife died soon after, and a couple of years later he got pneumonia, poor man.’ She looked puzzled for a moment until she saw Michael hadn’t touched his plate. ‘Don’t wait on me,’ Teresa said, pointing at it, and carried on talking. Michael cut off a piece of steak, stabbed a chip, and tried to concentrate. ‘Father Christopher knows most about the village, there are old books at the church, you should read those. The last priest, Father Wells translated lots of stuff from Latin. Father Christopher was born near here too, our priests are always locals…’ she would have carried on, but for a phone ringing, ‘Must get that, excuse me, Inspector…’
Michael made a valiant effort and was nearly finished when Teresa rushed back, her blue eyes sparkled with excitement. ‘Call for you inspector…’
He came back with a strange expression on his face. ‘Eat up O’Brien we’ve got to leave…’ he went up to the bar. ‘Thanks for the lunch. This investigation may take a while, do you have accommodation if we need it?’
‘Yes chief inspector, we’re not too keen on the press poking around, making up stories, they’ll turn poor Helena into a drugged-up hippie.’
‘Neither are we, I’ll get back as to how many rooms we’ll need, thanks, Mark.’

Once back in the car O’Brien asked ‘What’s the rush, sir?’
‘That was Steph Caldwell - the morgue rang her, Helena Mayne’s body has disappeared.’



Chapter 2

When Michael and O’Brien arrived at the hospital morgue in Swindon, the place was in an uproar, police everywhere, including his superior, Superintendent Walsh.
‘What the hell’s going on Campion?’ he hissed.
Sir, might be the appropriate term right now, Michael surmised, ‘I know less than you do sir. When did it disappear?’
‘Where more like, I’m told at three minutes past one exactly, a foot from where you are standing.’
‘And?’
‘The place has been searched top to bottom and no-one’s admitting anything. Unless you think today’s high wind took her?’
‘What high wind sir?’
‘What’s the wind got to do with it?’ Walsh snapped
Michael looked over at O’Brien, she looked nervous and Michael felt nauseous.
Walsh realised he was being hysterical and calmed. ‘I can’t explain it, we can’t let this get out, and you must keep the investigation going.’
‘Yes sir, we must.’ Even without a body. Not a new occurrence, but they usually go missing a little later than just being delivered.
‘Nothing obvious, no new staff, everyone has a good alibi. Security hasn’t been compromised as far as we can see.’

Michael wanted to get back to the village, and so suggested a few police stay at the pub. It was a long drive, and the light would fail soon.
‘Agreed,’ said Walsh without arguing, ‘do your interviews here, and get back to the village, and keep me informed. How can I explain this, any suggestions Campion?’ Michael shook his head, ‘What about you O’Brien?’
‘I think we should find out if her mother was autopsied here, the locals say the deaths were very similar.’
‘Good, very good,’ Walsh looked even more pressed, ‘you said she was bright eh Campion? I’ll get back to the office, leave Sergeant Smith in charge here when you are done, he’s a good man, thorough.’ He marched out, the space felt suddenly bigger and brighter.
‘Did you say that, sir?’ asked O’Brien mischievously.
‘Your head is big enough already young woman,’ he smiled. ‘We’ve got a lot to do, we’ll get Smith to check out the old notes, and we’ll interview the GP. See if he’s available in about half an hour, although I doubt we’ll hear anything new. Ring the Oak too please, four rooms, and ask if we can have wireless access if that works. And please, don’t say can we go ahead without the body, we got the ok. So until they pull the plug, that’s what we do, carry on plugging.’

A fast call into homes to get a bag packed, and interview Helena’s doctor. Who insisted Helena was rarely ill and always cheerful, and as far as he knew, no boyfriends, and he didn’t know her father.
They drove back to St Aethelstans. Michael noticed that even in the dim light, O’Brien drove with more confidence down the narrow lanes, than Collet did in the daytime.
‘Thoughts O’Brien?’ asked Michael. ‘You’ve been quiet for you.’
‘Sorry sir, just thinking how pleased the Sarge will be we picked up a bag, and explained to Meredith. He’d hate driving back along these lanes when it’s dark,’ she laughed.
‘He would. Tomorrow we’ll get a good uniform to stay too and help with the interviews, Evans would be best, got a polite, gentle way about him, if you’d organise that? I’d like your thoughts, O’Brien?’
‘No you wouldn’t sir, I feel like a teenager telling ghost stories, in an old graveyard in the dark.’
‘That bad?’
‘Sir, you’re lapsed aren’t you?’
‘I believe that’s the term. Why it is obvious?’
‘Small things only a Catholic would notice, and your name Campion.’
‘The brave Edmund, he’s not a relative as far as I know. Yes, I had the works O’Brien, you?’
‘Same, I’ve lapsed a few times meself, I still think a lot of it is rubbish, but strange things have happened over the years. I’d still argue like mad about the church having no women priests, or accepting gays. And the ridiculous things they made up to get money, including celibacy. As for the disgusting cover-up of rampant paedophilia, I’ve no words to describe my disgust.  I’m not even convinced of the virgin birth or even the resurrection. But I feel safer sometimes as if I am being looked after by something. My dad’s worse, he’s Irish, hence the name. Mum’s like me, she doesn’t believe everything she’s told either, we’ve had a few arguments in our time I can tell you. I went to St. Annes.’
‘I went to St Aquinas, you won’t know it, it’s in West London. Wasn’t so bad, no girls though. Dad wanted me to board somewhere, but my mum wouldn’t have it.’
‘Lucky you, after what went on in some of those places. What did your dad do, if you don’t mind me asking sir?
‘Civil Service, at Whitehall, we never got on. Mum’s great, she’s a psychologist, always grateful for that. She managed my dad beautifully, why I studied it, thought I could learn to manage anything in life if I did. Everything is black and white when you are eighteen.’
‘Why the police?’
‘I often wonder, in my younger days, like most of my friends, I wanted to be an astronaut or failing that a fighter pilot. I had no idea, my mum’s elder brother was in the Met, and it seemed as good as a career as anything else I could come up with. I’d had a few jobs after getting my psychology degree and not using it, my wife got the first, not me. I worked in insurance, dad wasn’t pleased about that either. Thanks to my mum, once dad came to terms with me demeaning myself, by stooping even lower than the office stooge, he then got a bee in his bonnet I should make commissioner one day.’ Michael laughed, ‘I’m not a political animal, can barely put up with all the crap a chief detective inspector has to. So O’Brien you still haven’t answered my question?’
‘Hamlet sir.’
‘Hamlet?’
‘You remember… “There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.” I considered a life upon the boards, but like you, I couldn’t do the grovelling required to get a decent part. So I did twelve months, and the next year changed my degree to history instead, and gave up on the sleaze.’
‘The police aren’t exactly encouraging to women’s rights either O’Brien, even if they say they are.’
‘Different kind of bullies wouldn’t you say, sir?  Besides, it’s improved a lot since you started. More obvious intimidation I can cope with, besides I can be Irish at times, a bit of a bully meself, if it’s called for, I try to avoid it.’

The Oak looked welcoming. It was nearly seven o’clock when they pulled up in the carpark.
Rob Collet was relieved to see them. He looked exhausted, but like the good man he was, he was still listening and taking notes. ‘Meredith’s sister is having a girl’s night in, so I doubt she’ll miss me. I hoped for a meal at the local Indian. And it’s very annoying the phones keep cutting out. How long are we staying?’
‘As long as we are needed.  I take it no-one else knows the latest news yet?’
‘Not even Wilsher, but it will get around, even if we’re told to keep mum for now. You can’t keep something like this wrapped up for long, and then the press will turn up in hordes, as they always do with missing corpses. I’m surprised they aren’t here now,’ Rob surmised.
‘Not on the map, perhaps? We’ll get a bite, go for a walk and swop ideas before returning for a few pints and a good night’s sleep. What are the rooms like?’
‘Fine, share a bathroom though,’
O’Brien groaned.

It was cold, so the best place for a talk was in a car. They drove a little way from the pub.
‘You first Collet,’ said Michael as he admired the stars. Nothing like this in London, then he looked over at the darkness of the forest a few yards away, it didn’t feel welcoming.
‘Mark Stone was great, printed out a village list. They’re all pretty chummy here. I did the fifteen houses up from the pub about half a mile. Mostly families, three old couples, an old bloke, two elderly sisters, and a widow. All very eager to tell me Helena was an angel, her grandparents just as perfect. And very eager to talk about her mum and mad Damon too, or some blame the father, William Percy. “He what murdered her”. Depending on which one they blame, and, “now he’s done for Helena too.”
Father can’t be a Percy, Helena was too perfect, and when I asked who her father might be - blank stares. Nothing new, except the old widow was a bit creepy, going doolally I’d guess. She said Helena was a child of the wood and her dad would never put up with it, not this time, the Percy’s would be flattened.  When I asked who her dad was, she said the wind, and he’s coming soon, apparently – on October the 29th. Next, they’ll be telling me the trees can walk like Lord of the Rings. And as it’s October the 26th we may be still here when it hits?’
‘If the trees do walk’ said Michael, then I’m taking an early retirement and running a pub. As for wild winds, not uncommon are they, this valley must act as a funnel.’ He then told Collet they’d found nothing useful at the morgue.
‘Hell, I’ve heard of it happening, but not just after being dropped off, they are usually in the wrong drawer. I thought it funny we were given leave to stay here. I know it will speed things up, and get us out of god knows what at London Road. But this costs sir, and we are always being told how broke we are. No leads at all?’
 ‘No, nothing - weird as,’ suggested Mary, ‘and you should have seen the super, never seen him so worked up, he’s usually calm in a crisis…’
‘Ok, enough supposition,’ Michael interrupted, ‘we need to work fast and get a search, and maybe dogs. If we get the basics done quick smart, while Superintendent Walsh is on our side, we’ll have a better chance, but he may be reined in from the top. We’d better get back, it’s nine o’clock, time for a couple of pints before bed, I want us up ready for breakfast for the first sitting.’

Next morning, after a surprisingly good sleep, Michael was up and eager to start. He still looked tired he thought, as he looked in the mirror. Sandy hair and blue/green eyes might have looked well enough on a younger man, but now his colouring looked washed out. Unless it was cold, and then his nose went bright red. He went downstairs looking forward to a non-healthy breakfast.
Collet and O’Brien were already there, both looked fresh. Michael wished he had Collet’s dark hair and eyes. He’d just go elegantly grey, and his brown eyes keep their shine longer. It was time I retired and took up fishing if I can’t talk Chris into a pub. No, not fishing, he’d never been fishing, not his dad’s thing. As for his son running a pub, his father would turn in his grave. The pub wouldn’t do much good for his complexion either, but there again fishing would turn his nose red.
‘Thought I’d be first up, did you sleep well?’ He was a policeman again, no time to muse on his unknown future. Both answered in the affirmative.
‘Sir, Evans will be here any moment, I suppose today it’s interviewing the rest of the locals?’ asked O’Brien.
‘And the Percy family, I’d better take that. O’Brien, you with me again, Collet, you with Evans, ok?’
‘Fine sir,’ said Collet, who’d already borrowed the pub copier to do another list. He put it down on the table. ‘If you are visiting the Percys, probably best you do the farms too.’ He put down another map. ‘This is a copy, original was done over a hundred years ago. Nothing has changed, hardly surprising. Evans and I will do the other hamlet, East St Aethelstan, it’s very spread out. There are two bridges, here and here, narrow, but will take a car. I’ve contacted SOCO, they are coming back early. They’ve checked the girl’s cottage and possibly where she went in, because of hair caught in low branches. But they can’t be certain because the ground shows nothing remarkable. There’s grass, no mud or sign of her going down the bank - so perhaps her hair snagged on a small branch as she floated downstream. So they don’t think it’s the main incident scene, especially if it’s murder, too clean. They’ll look around the forest, check the other bank and the stream again. They should be finished today. We should call in dogs, tomorrow?’ Michael nodded. ‘What about the Percys, should they have a sniff around there too?’
‘Tricky, those sorts don’t like us interfering at the best of times. The grounds maybe, if we get anything, we’d need a warrant for the rest. They’ll most likely make a fuss if we enter, so a quick look before we get thrown out. The locals may be convinced they are the murderers if a murder was committed. But unless we find the body, we can’t say for sure, perhaps it was suicide, doubtful as it is. They might well be evil-doers, but we have to come up with a better reason to search the place, than the villager’s dislike. No need to tell you, if anything else serious comes up, we will be pulled off this because of the missing body. It will be put in the too-hard basket, and eventually forgotten, so we need to work fast. No Constable Wilsher this morning?’
‘Dislike for the Percys is putting it mildly, and Wilsher has a car crash to sort,’ chipped in O’Brien. ‘Sir, first mass is at eight, don’t you think we should check out the worshipers first, we won’t get a second chance? It’s possible this murderer was an outsider, perhaps a Sunday visitor. ’
‘Good one Mary, how many masses are there?’
‘Just as you are dreading, three. Locals at eight and nine o’clock, and outsiders like me at eleven. The pub’s usually overflowing for lunch, so I’ve ordered sandwiches we can take with us.’
‘Do you two need me?’ asked Michael.
O’Brien again, ‘Yes sir, to carry the can because we haven’t a single clue yet, we need her mother’s case notes.’
‘Get hold of Sergeant Smith, and see if he’s found anything, I’d say he’d be working today.’
‘I’ll do that before we go to mass,’

Evans arrived and joined in breakfast. O’Brien rang the station and spoke to Smith, who was working hard.
Once outside she said ‘Smith’s done a good job, but you won’t like it.’
‘Why not?’
‘The notes on her mother are gone, and all the evidence too. And there’s a final blow. There’s a story going around that Catherine’s body went missing too. Don’t know if they got it back, no notes to tell us, and nothing on-line either, so do we assume they did, because there is a grave here with her name on it? Perhaps the same will happen this time too, and they’ll find her?’ She didn’t look convinced and watched her bosses’ face carefully. ‘However, someone remembers the case very well, and Smith and he are driving over later. I’ve suggested meeting at Helena’s cottage…’
 ‘You are right about something Mary, I will be carrying a very large can indeed.’

It was like stepping back to a simpler time. The church was small and already full. Mark Stone and his family were watching out for them, he gestured for them to sit in his pew, and they moved up to make room. O’Brien knelt on the embroidered kneeler, praying they find the killer, while Michael looked around the church interior.

It was nothing like the one he went to as a child. The 1960’s Ecumenical Council stripped it of its uniqueness. His gran was angry about it all her life, even his free and easy mum, said it was better before, whatever that meant. His parents drifted away, and he’d drifted even further. Here, however, he felt something, it was ancient, deep in his being, and it scared him. It wasn’t like he remembered - his school and church were nothing like this. It was a warm, nurturing feeling as if looking at your child for the first time.
The hand-carved Stations of the Cross were embellished with leaves. The pews too had similar carving at the ends, and the sculpted altar and tabernacle picked out with gold leaf. Huge candlesticks looked like tree trunks covered in ivy, and looking down at the kneeler he saw the embroidered velvet cushions covered in flowers.
No wonder Father Briant did three masses. No wonder Mary’s mother came here. There was something ancient infusing the tiny church, no sane person could fail to feel it. He wanted to sob, bright sunlight poured in from the tiny windows, he forced himself not to cry.
The Mass started, and for a moment he thought he was dreaming, but he wasn’t, the Mass was in Latin. He went through the movements with everyone else, omitting the communion. The sermon was in English and ended with a prayer for Helena. Michael felt confused and exhausted. Mary almost dragged him outside to talk to the people saying hello to Father Briant, and chatting to each other.

‘Sir, you look as if you’ve seen a ghost.’ suggested O’Brien, with an odd look on her face.
‘That was unusual,’ said Michael, side-stepping the query, ‘surely the Latin Mass is as good as illegal now?’
O’Brien didn’t get a chance to reply she didn’t know, or grab her phone to check, for the congregation realised who they were. Telling the two police officers to ask for any help and it would be given. Helena was an angel. Again there were veiled, and some very forthright, nasty comments about the Percy family, the churchgoers were locals.
Michael took Mary aside as soon as the crowd dispersed. ‘I’m going to ask Father Briant for a look at those old books before we go to the farms, and the Percy house. But I can’t sit through another Mass without a break, may I leave the next ones to you? I’ll get back for after the 11 o’clock Mass with the outsiders, and help get names and addresses.  I’ll drive up the road and have a look at this Colin Derwen’s place, see if he’s home, ok?’
O’Brien’s face was stoic, but her eyes sparkled. ‘Understand sir, it is different here isn’t it, the church and the service make you feel whole again. All the bad things you’ve seen and know, disappear, you feel washed clean somehow. I’ll see you outside after the last mass. Don’t get lost in the woods sir.’



Chapter 3

As he walked the short way to the car, Michael noticed the many colours of the falling leaves, and how they drifted into piles. He’d known autumn in Regent Park, and other parks around London, but the leaves had never looked so bright. He’d no idea why the Mass disturbed him so much, missing his old gran perhaps, she often looked after him when he was a child.

Colin Derwen’s gate was a short drive, he could have walked. As instructed by his country wife, he was very careful to close the gate. After that, he was glad of the car, for the drive was a good mile long. Didn’t look as if he’d wasted a journey, for parked outside the house was a newish, Land Rover. A visiting professor must pay better than a country cop.
The house was ancient in parts, apart from the more recent areas of the building - the rest was many centuries older than his country cottage. A tall, dark-haired man came out of the house, ‘I’m Colin Derwen, I take it you are a policeman? Teresa called me about Helena, so I drove back early this morning.’
‘I’m Detective Chief Inspector Campion, may I ask where you drove back from Professor Derwen?’
‘Got back from a conference in China day before last. I’d left my car with a colleague in Slough, we compared notes on the conference and I stayed the night. I drove back after Teresa phoned. Call me Colin please, Professor Derwen makes me feel old.  Just about to make a coffee, may I interest you in one?’

Colin left Michael in what looked like it was once an ancient chapel, but now a very comfortable sitting room. It was fascinating - old pieces used with modern. And more of those wooden carvings, similar to those at the church. Not as monumental, except for a large, wall-screen, depicting more Pagan rites than Christian. Colin brought in two large, steaming mugs.
‘Amazing room, looks like an old chapel?’
‘It was, the earlier St Aethelstan’s chapel, well part of it, the walls and roof were redone about the tenth century. My family have lived in this house for a long time. The details are at the church. I should remember, but I’m hopeless at dates.’
‘Beautiful beams and these carvings are similar to those at the church, who did them?’
‘I am good at names, Phillip Line, but it was seven hundred years ago, or thereabout.’
‘Amazing, they look so new, not a worm-hole anywhere. Well preserved, must have been restored?’ suggested Michael.
‘Must have.’

Colin put the mugs on a low table, another carved masterpiece, but modern. Michael noticed Colin had the very, blue eyes of most of the locals, only his shone brighter than the other villagers. He can’t have been young, as he was an eminent professor, but the man opposite looked not a day over thirty. He was handsome, tall, slim, and had dark brown, slightly wavy hair, more a celebrity than a professor of “some kind” of biology. And those light blue eyes bored into Michael, so much so he forgot what he was about to say.
However, as everyone else in the village did, Colin had a good idea about what might have happened. Michael had an uneasy feeling he was not the one in charge here.
‘We all loved Helena,’ Colin said following the usual line, ‘I suppose everyone is saying, it’s the Percy’s again.’
‘Just about, they can’t decide on which, the older, or younger?’
‘They are as dreadful as everyone says. In the late nineteenth century, they tried to take back the woods, given legally to the village by the last Lady Percy. It was assumed they’d win because it was the gentry against the peasants.’
‘What happened?’
‘Justice, as we say here, their legal team had a lot of bad luck, one died, murdered in a lane in Cheapside. Another lost his wife in delivery, and then the two eldest Percy boys died, younger one at sea, when a navy ship was wrecked. The other was riding to hounds somewhere in Somerset, his horse threw him, according to the story. After that, the then Percy’s wife made him give up contesting the deeds, or this ancient wood would no doubt be long gone.’
‘I’m a London man, my wife’s local, and as yet I can’t get used to wild places.’
‘Then let me take you on a walk?’
‘I’d like that, but another day. I’m on a tight schedule, trying to get interviews finished. Oh, and I must let you know as you live in the middle of the forest, we are getting dogs in tomorrow, checking out the woods. Would you mind if they looked around here, Colin?’
‘Not at all, but thanks for the warning.’
‘Everyone describes you as a biology professor?
‘Yes, more accurately I specialise in genetics. I work for a company Genicus, main head-office in Switzerland. I’m a consultant and mentor for several teams. I also guest lecture and look for the best new blood to bring into the fold. We have a small lab, and the main British office this side of Reading, my base.’
‘Makes good sense, I wondered how you could afford the smart new car on a professor’s salary?’ Michael felt comfortable with Colin, as if he’d decided he liked him.
‘I’ve been very lucky, perfect job. I don’t like being tied to one university and the political drama, and as you say the money is much better.’
‘Well Colin, I will take you up on that walk soon, but I must get back to my colleague and see who turns up for the outsider mass,’ Michael stood up to leave. ‘I will need to check your alibi.’
‘Of course,’ Colin scribbled a name and phone number on the back of one of his cards. ‘I’m sure you’ve heard - The Night of the Winds is due Tuesday night and you’re probably thinking everyone is exaggerating. But, if you are still here, I can’t urge you enough to seek cover indoors. Park cars under shelter too. Ask anyone for help.’
‘You are a scientist, I find it difficult to believe that you…’
‘Hamlet, inspector?’
‘So I’m told, thank you Colin…’ then his mobile rang, ‘What the… they’ve been dead all morning.’
‘Sometimes they work, no idea why, we keep asking.’

‘Where have you been? I didn’t mean for you to get lost in the woods, sir,’ O’Brien looked more worried than annoyed.
‘I’m sorry have I missed something?’
‘Yes, the interviews, if Father Briant hadn’t helped me, I’d never have got through them. I showed them Helena’s picture, I didn’t tell them her body was missing. I’d seen most of them here before, which helped too. Didn’t you know the phones are working? I rang you several times - to be honest, I nearly rounded everyone up to go looking for you.’
Michael looked at his phone, turned to silent, and saw the messages and then checked his watch. He’d lost nearly three hours. His colour drained and he went inside the church and sat. The sun no longer shone through the windows, and it felt slightly threatening as if the spirits had left. As if figures carved on the Stations of the Cross were angry at him.
‘Sir, are you ill?’ O’Brien looked worried, ‘you’re very pale, should I get a doctor?’
‘Just give me back three hours of my life. O’Brien, keep this to yourself. I could swear all I did was have a cup of coffee with the very charming Professor Derwen. Perhaps I fell asleep, and I don’t remember.’ He was going over the drive there and back, and his chat with the Professor, trying to find the missing time.
O’Brien looked even more worried, ‘That’s it, sir, you must have fallen asleep, the phones came on about two hours ago, does that make sense?’
‘If we assume I fell asleep, then yes, I suppose that could make sense…’
‘We need to go back and ask Colin Derwen if you fell asleep, and if you didn’t, I will tell your wife, so you will have to go and see your doctor.’
‘Cruel woman,’ his colour had returned. ‘So what next Derwen or…’
‘Father Briant is waiting for you to look at the documents. He can’t let you take the originals away, but he has copies previous priests translated. He says you can borrow those. And at three, Sergeant Smith is bringing a retired Detective Inspector Webster to see us, about the Catherine Mayne case.’
‘Very well, first Father Briant so he can have lunch, which I could also do with. Then the professor, before the detective inspector.  In between all that, I’d love a sandwich.’

The books weren’t just old, an illuminated manuscript, the next plain, but still handwritten, there were several very old parish records too, in Latin. Well protected, locked in the small sacristy - the older books stored in a carved wood locked cabinet.
‘Even the parish registers are copied, many of the parish priests worked hard at copying and translating the books, and a few copies are hidden in local homes. But the times being what they are, my work has been in scanning the information,’ Father Briant handed Michael a flash drive. ‘It’s not for passing around, we want to keep our secrets and our village from being invaded by tourists, or worse. But as a Catholic, you probably know our faiths difficult history in England and Wales, so I feel I can safely let you borrow this.’
Michael didn’t deny his past, nor why Catholic’s “always knew”. They said their thanks and once outside Michael asked. ‘Well, that went faster than I thought, did you tell him I was a lapsed Catholic?’
‘No, as I said, you can always tell.’

‘Sorry to disturb you again Professor Derwen, I didn’t leave you my card. I thought after getting copies of old books from Father Briant, and this being the original chapel, you might have something here too?’ Michael had no idea how to bring up the ridiculous notion he had fallen asleep for three hours. ‘This is Detective Constable Mary O’Brien?’
‘Haven’t we met?’ asked Colin, a little too predatory for Michael, who was apt to forget O’Brien often aroused the sexual appetites of many of the men she met. She was fussy, and any relationships were on her terms. Maybe it was the look in O’Brien’s eyes too, which disturbed him, both glances were far too long.
‘Perhaps, I often come here for Sunday Mass.’ No, can’t have, I’d have remembered you. She thought.

Derwen then saved Michael from any embarrassment about his unremembered sleep. ‘You look much better after your nap chief inspector. I’m sorry I didn’t wake you sooner. I left you in peace thinking you’d soon wake. I was going through the notes from the conference, and didn’t notice the time passing,’
He led them into a small dining room with a huge Inglenook, where his computer, several opened books, and small piles of scribbled notes, showed he’d been working. Then into a spacious kitchen, an old beamed room twice the size of the dining room, and what must be a later addition with a higher ceiling. This newer part had a door leading out into a sizable open garden, and then the woods. A sofa and chairs in front of a large sash window overlooked the garden, books on different subjects were piled up on an old plain, wooden box. Outside fallen leaves swirled into drifts of brown and orange.
‘What a lovely house Professor Derwen,’ murmured O’Brien, and smiled, one of those smiles she used to get whatever she wanted.  Michael hadn’t seen the smile used on a man she liked. He’d noticed she was beautiful, but not just how much. He felt concerned she used her charm on Derwen, and he responded. 
‘I hope you’ll show Detective Constable O’Brien the lovely sitting room too,’ Michael felt compelled to break the spell.
‘Of course, I’ve just made a pot of tea, would you like some? And please won’t you both call me Colin, everyone calls me Colin.’

They sat down by the window, and in typical male fashion, he brought over mugs of tea, after asking what milk and sugar they took, and if they wanted a biscuit?
Colin sat on the sofa opposite O’Brien. Michael was feeling more uncomfortable as the handsome professor glanced at O’Brien, in much the same way she might be looking at him.  If he asked her for a walk in the woods, Michael decided he would go too.
‘As I said, the dogs will be out tomorrow, perhaps a walk around your woods on Tuesday, if you are free?’
‘Good idea, it will have to be early. The village gets nervous and busy before the winds. I help with the farm animals, get them settled, the birds fly away, a wondrous thing to see.’
‘You are a man of science Colin, surely you don’t believe the winds are from God, and he used them to save the village?’ O’Brien said and took a sip from her tea.
‘I’m not religious. But I’ve lived here most of my life, heard the winds and if it’s not the Christian God, then perhaps it’s more likely a Pagan one.’ He smiled as if he’d made a joke. ‘There’s an oak in the middle of the wood called St Aethelstan’s Oak.  Legends say was here in Saxon times, Roman times too. I’ll take you to see it. There’s another legend that once a strange man stood in a hollow in the tree, and when approached he disappeared. I expect you’ll read those stories if Father Christopher gave you everything, and I expect he did.’
Michael drank his tea quickly, he needed to leave, he felt uncomfortable and didn’t know why. ‘Thanks for the tea Colin, must make tracks, press on and visit the Percy house.’
‘Good luck with that. Why not meet me here at eight on Tuesday for a conducted tour of the highlights of the wood.’
‘Great,’ Michael nodded, ‘I suppose the woods are called St Aethelstan’s Forest?’
‘Almost - St Aethelstan’s Wood.’ Colin corrected him. 



Chapter 4

‘You were in a rush to leave, sir,’ was O’Brien pouting?
‘We’ve got to fit the Percy’s in before Sergeant Smith and friend arrive. Doubt we’ll get around the farms today, how’s Collet going?’
‘Nearly finished, they’ve split the list. Sarge said Evans knows what he’s doing. Besides, it’s the same story again - the evil Percy’s did it, and if they’d seen anything they’d have done something, etc, etc.’
‘I’ll see if can get them to do the farms too. Ah, I’ve got a message from SOCO, they’ve found what might be the primary site. Funny how the phones are working again.’

As Mary was driving, Michael rang and arranged for Collet and Evans, to talk to the farmers and their families.
And one, if not both of them have to read the history of a village that doesn’t officially exist. And it’s a big stick too - 32 GB’s, hope it’s not full. Better talk to Walsh tonight, someone will have to go to the station tomorrow early. Chasing up what they’d found out, that would have to be Collet. Chris too might like to hear her husband was fine, even if she was used to infrequent calls when he was working on something this big.

The Percy house was a Victorian gothic monster, not that large, but built to impress. The now grey autumn afternoon did nothing to soften its ugliness. 
‘To be honest sir, you could guess the personality who’d build this awful place.’
‘I’ll lead, I doubt your charm will work here.’

They had to ring and knock several times. Finally calling “police” as loud as Michael could. The creaking door was opened by a fair, young man. Not a Percy, he had an accent, Polish perhaps? His English was excellent.
He left them in the creepy hall filled with stuffed animal heads, as well as cases of equally stuffed birds and small mammals. He came back a few moments later and led them to a small, dark sitting room. Michael surmised the Percy’s were poor, and couldn’t afford to heat much of the house.
An old man sat by the fire reading under the light of a standard lamp. The room looked as if it hadn’t been touched since the last war, or maybe the one before that.
‘Yes, heard about the girl, and we are to blame again, I suppose,’ he said before Michael made the introductions.
‘I’m Detective Chief Inspector Campion, and this is Detective Constable O’Brien,’ Michael smiled and left his card on the table. ‘Just you, your son, and the young man in the house sir?’
‘My son’s not here, he’s visiting his uncle.’
‘Where might that be?’
‘Lakes, Windermere, his uncle's name’s Charlesworth. Before you ask, I haven’t left the house for a week, had the flu. Ask Doctor Fitzgibbon in Marlborough. Anything else, if not…’ He rang the bell, and the young man came in and showed them into the hall.
Now for O’Brien and her charm. ‘We must talk to you too, sorry what’s your name?’ she had her pen poised.
‘Stefan Prabucki.’
‘Mr. Prabucki, I am Detective Constable O’Brien, and this is Detective Chief Inspector Campion, and we are investigating the accident involving a girl from St Aethelstans. Did you hear about it?’
Prabucki looked nervous and licked his lips. ‘No, I don’t go into the village.’ He moved closer to the front door and added in a near whisper, ‘Mr. Percy doesn’t like me to go, or I’d go to Mass there, he is not a Catholic. I have been into the pub when Mr Percy is not here. It is a good place.’
‘When did the younger Mr Percy, his name is Damon isn’t it, leave to visit his uncle?’
The young man nodded and looked miserable. ‘Tuesday, ten in the morning,’ He answered quickly. ‘The old Percy has been sick and not gone out.’
Michael wandered into one of the reception rooms looking for a photograph. He found one of father and son. Stefan glanced at the photo Michael wasn’t hiding.
‘Alright if we borrow this?’ The young man was too scared to say no, and scared of Michael taking it.
‘And the names of the cleaning lady and gardener?’ O’Brien interrupted.
‘Mr and Mrs Howell, they live in Hungerford.’
‘Stefan, Stefan!’ An angry voice shouted.
‘I must go, please.’
Michael handed Prabucki a card and thanked him before he practically pushed them out of the door.

‘Poor kid,’ said Mary with feeling, ‘fancy having to put up with that old man. Must be a better way to earn a crust.’
‘He was lying.’
‘I know, I’m hoping he’ll contact us, I don’t think he likes lying for the Percy family.’
‘I’d place a bet on it, he must need the job, I’d make a swift exit.’
‘Yeah, I would too,’ Mary agreed.

It was getting colder as they reached the first bridge over the stream, not far from the Percy house.
Patrick Bale from the forensic team was waiting. ‘Here you are detective chief inspector, drag marks from her heels.  The girl was probably already dead, or at least unconscious. Looks like she slid in down the bank here, and we have fresh tyre marks. Whoever it was had a cold, because we have a used tissue, probably fell out from a pocket, genetic material, a nose hair with a root. Maybe the girls, but more likely male.’
‘Brilliant Doctor Bale, at last evidence.’
‘You are smiling sir.’ O’Brien said, shivering.
‘At last a break. We got more from Percy, and forensic in the last few minutes, than days interviewing the villagers. I can phone the super with something. And lots of work for those doing the hard stuff at a desk, we’ll need help from Swindon too. We need to see if Damon Percy left when Prabucki said, a lot of trawling through cameras to find him. And we’ll need Cumbria to help too. Can you make a note of everything that needs follow-up and let me have it ASAP before I contact Walsh?’
‘Yes sir, been working on it. I could have just scanned that photo, if the old man finds it missing…’
‘I know, I’m old school. Next time you wander around and take pictures. I took the frame too, as there were so many of them, I’d doubt he’d notice.’ Was O’Brien swearing under her breath?

It was freezing outside the Mayne cottage, so everyone was grateful when Michael suggested they find a quiet corner in the pub, and have a pint as they talked.
Teresa asked a few people to move out of the small room at the end of the bistro. No one grumbled, instead offering encouragement to get those Percy devils.
Sargent Smith looked nervous, which surprised Michael, as he wasn’t much younger than he was. Retired Detective Inspector Ray Webster and he kept glancing at each other.
‘Would you mind if we just spoke to you, sir,’ asked Smith.
‘I’ll work on that list for follow-up,’ said O’Brien. Trying to close the rarely used door to the little room over the carpet was difficult. Michael helped, hoping they’d get out with less effort.

They sat around the table. Smith sipped at his orange juice, no doubt jealous of the pints of real ale, the others drank with relish.
‘Smith told me what’s happened, we both worked on the Catherine Mayne case. To be honest neither of us was happy with the cover-up, because that’s what it was - a bloody cover-up. She didn’t commit suicide, as finally reported, she was most likely murdered, and they didn’t get the body back either, and no assistant put it in the wrong drawer.’ Webster was angry.
‘How did the body disappear?’ Michael wished he was back in London.
‘Exactly the same. I didn’t see it, but I remember speaking to Clarke who worked there, he was shaken up too,’ Webster took another long draught of beer.
‘What did you tell the family?’
‘Lies, all lies, the doctor, Monty Finn, who was in charge of the mortuary, and the then Chief Officer, Stuart Long colluded. They used an unknown female body, a junkie, for the family to bury in the churchyard. That was what the morgue assistant Clarke said, he left soon after, don’t know where, he conveniently disappeared. I believed him, we both did.’
Smith nodded.
‘Didn’t the parents see her?’ Michael was deeply shocked. If this was true, and not a made-up ghost story, then this was serious. And it meant they might not find Helena either.
‘Yes, they agreed it was her. Finn said her face was in bad repair, lies again, the girl they used had the same colour hair, and they cut her so she was unrecognisable. Viewed through a glass window, confused, stressed and grieving, the parents agreed it was their daughter, somehow they got away with it.’
‘I won’t insult your intelligence by asking why you didn’t take it further?’
‘I just made Sergeant,’ admitted Smith, his voice cracked with emotion, ‘and I had two young kids, we were struggling on two wages, never mind one. I’ve not lived easily with what we did.’
‘Me neither,’ agreed Webster. ‘I didn’t tell my wife, daren’t, she’d have made me go above their heads. But where, how do we know how far up the corruption went? How can you be sure you wouldn’t have done the same? How many of us had had to look the other way? Sometimes, for the safety of our families.’

Michael nodded, it was better now, but many still took the view, keep my job, or even keep my life, keep my child’s life, instead of the “right” thing. He’d been lucky, he’d avoided any conflict of interests as far as he knew, and he didn’t despise the two men sat opposite, he pitied them. Michael was just about to ask who was your immediate superior, when there was a knock at the door, and mild swearing as the door stuck on the carpet again. Michael pulled at it and in walked Superintendent Walsh.
They pushed the door closed again before he said ‘Smith called me. I thought I’d better come and admit to asking them to commit a crime, by not reporting the probable theft of the body, because it was inconvenient.  These men did what I asked them to do ten years ago. And like them, I’m not coping with another body disappearing, and Catherine Mayne’s little girl at that.’

An hour later, they were gone. Michael felt it was all too much. How to get through another four years of lies, and secrets before retirement? Walsh was convinced the cover-up finished with Long and Finn, no-one higher, and both were dead. Long’s car skidded on black ice and hit a tree a few months later, and Finn died of inoperable brain tumour, two years after that.
He couldn’t tell Collet and O’Brien yet and get them involved too. He’d agreed to leave things as they were until this case was almost complete, if it didn’t take too long. Then Walsh would tell the assistant chief constable, but no doubt it would go all the way up. Imagine the pain this would mean - not only to this village, but the good cops caught up in the usual politics. He felt an overwhelming need to visit the church and pray, or maybe a good cry. But decided he needed a whisky instead and to read the history of St Aethelstan, might help him forget. First though Collet and O’Brien, Evans too, they mustn’t find out yet.

‘I couldn’t believe it when Superintendent Walsh walked in,’ said O’Brien, quietly. ‘I gave him the list, he said he’d organise the search himself, no need for one of us to go into the station. I’ve never…’
‘Ok, O’Brien, no need to put your foot in it further. Collet, did you get anything new today?’
‘No sir, same.’
‘Evans?’
‘Be back soon, calling his girlfriend, he reported nothing new. Sir, we have to ask, what was Walsh doing here?’
‘He was Webster’s boss for Catherine Mayne’s investigation, just giving an old friend a hand.’
‘Kept that quiet,’ muttered O’Brien.
‘Now the notes can’t be found. There is, however, a signed death certificate recorded, so we can move on from that story for now.’
‘So what about the story the mother’s body went missing too?’ Collet wasn’t taking anything as gospel.
Michael felt as if he’d let not just himself down, but his colleagues too, as if he were another unwilling partner in a dreadful conspiracy. And again, an overwhelming desire to go to the church.
‘So sir, we won’t be digging up Catherine any time soon then?’ asked O’Brien, and her eyes were not smiling.
‘That is not being considered at present O’Brien.’
‘Tell him Sarge.’
‘Tell me what?’
‘Wilsher said he wasn’t here because a car crashed into a tree, killing a journo and photographer, and he thinks they might have been on the way here.’
‘That is all we need. I’m going for a walk before we eat and then I’ll get on and read the parish books. You two take a break, tell Evans.’ O’Brien must have forgiven him a little, for she gave him a knowing smile as if to say - know the score boss, you can’t fight city hall.

Michael walked into the graveyard at the far side of the church. He looked again at the tombstone marked Catherine Mayne, and felt sad for her late parents and her daughter burying a stranger.
Father Briant was in the church. There were several villagers there offering candles. And new candles ready for burning in those magnificent tree-like candle-holders. He stood on the threshold, not knowing whether to go in or run away.
Father Briant saw him and called out, ‘Michael’, and hurried down before he could escape.
‘Not another mass father?’
‘Angelus, a service for a few who like to feel they deserve a drink at the pub afterwards,’ He joked and then stopped. ‘Michael, you need to talk to me?’
‘I think I do… no schools in the village?’
‘No, the children are bussed to Catholic schools, mainly in Marlborough, but that isn’t what you want to talk about is it? Not here, come back to my cottage.’

Once there, Michael told him everything, including his three missing hours.



Chapter 5

Michael admitted everything. Confessing to Father Briant, knowing it would go no further, helped his state of mind. And, if it hadn’t been for the Angelus, they’d have discussed it further.
Evan’s wasn’t in the bar and Collet and O’Brien looked guilty when he came back, they must have been whispering about Walsh and a cover-up, hoping they didn’t get dragged into something similar. Walsh would eventually tell the truth about the missing bodies. They had to solve this case, to take the heat off the body going missing.
Why didn’t Sargent Smith let that story lie, because he wanted it off his chest? He’d done his best to condone for his sins. And if the truth ever came out, and he hadn’t mentioned it in this investigation, he would be the scapegoat again. At least this way Walsh was the only one who would carry any can. Such a convoluted lie was now even more complicated.
He felt better after talking to the priest. Back at the pub, he put on his usual smile.
‘Cold out there, good for the appetite. What’s on the menu?’

He went to his room and read the stick, borrowing Teresa’s little-used laptop. And what was supposed to be a double whisky, but Mark had been very generous with the measurement.
He left the whisky on the sink for later, took off his jacket and shoes, and sat on the bed and put his feet up. First were the parish registers, probably fascinating reading, but at present not what he was looking for. He was interrupted by his door opening a little, he expected Collet, but he’d knock first. A large, long-haired tabby cat jumped on the bed purring loudly. It was the larger of the two pub cats, named Lordy. He was determined to settle at the end of the bed and gaze at Michael, with the usual cat expression, as if assessing him.
‘Fine Lordy, stay if you like, but please knock next time,’ he could have sworn the cat answered thanks in his meow.
Next was the early history, taken from what must have been the beautiful illuminated manuscript, and the old handwritten book. Only his Latin grammar had vanished into the mists of time. Firstly an accurate translation, which was hard work, but every few pages there were notes and then a modern version which made reading much faster.
The town was originally Dercoombe, when St Aethelstan came here in 424ad, after studying to become a priest in the north lands. He built a wooden church. Aethelstan saved them from terrible invaders, who wanted their food and lands. He and the villagers prayed to the one God, who vanquished the Pagan invaders into the sky, to fall again to earth.
Made a saint, after his death in 456ad, and the village, or small town as it was in those days, took the name of its patron saint. A few more miracles attributed to him listed - most curing people. After his death, they had his few possessions placed in a wooden carved box, and if they touched it, many were cured of all kinds of ailments.
More invaders from various places were repulsed, by other parish priests praying over the box. Then not much of interest. Until, 29th October 1539 when Thomas Cromwell’s reformation army, came to destroy the church and village. The village’s hardened Catholic reputation must have been known. The 638 men, who tried to attack the defenceless people, were destroyed by terrible winds - throwing the army into the air and letting them fall to earth from a great height.
It happened twice again, first town people from Marlborough. They wanted to burn the Catholics out and came with torches and pitchforks, and again thrown into the air.  Last was Oliver Cromwell, his roundheads were likewise dealt with - the end of that section.
By this time Lordy was sat right next to Michael, warming his leg and purring even more

The rest was the usual lists of people leaving to go to America, as many Catholics did, or Europe, France and Holland, later Australasia.
Then another part - what happened to the Percy family. It was Sir William Percy who betrayed the village to Thomas Cromwell and paid the price. His house was destroyed by wild winds and he, his three sons, two of their wives, and a daughter were killed, as well as most of the servants. Lady Percy and three grandchildren survived. She returned to her family in Derbyshire, but came back a few years later, and gave the village and woods to the villagers so who remained of her family would be kept safe. It was said she was of the old faith and prayed in the church with the villagers.
Then the Percy’s fortunes improved, and they bought back the land, used as grazing by a rich farmer from another village, and built the new house. But the hatred for the Catholic villagers lingered, and Percy was determined to get the village farms and lands back. Then copies of many assorted legal documents, and old maps.
Michael was tired and closed the laptop. Lordy jumped off the bed and ran out of the door. He went to the bathroom, then changed for bed. After the whisky he fell into a deep sleep.

Next morning Michael, Collet and Evans had a quick breakfast to meet up with the Dog Squad. And to try to get on Percy land before they were forced to retire back into the wood and fields.  Once they had some DNA back from the tissue, he could insist old man Percy give him a sample. But right now he’d refuse and send in his lawyers.
‘O’Brien liaise with Walsh, and see if they’ve found Damon Percy yet, and anything re his car, where and when etc. And I’d like you to read through Father Briant’s notes too, and see if you come up with anything. I rushed through most of it, but the history, which was odd in the extreme.’
‘Yes sir.’
‘We’ll be back hopefully for lunch, and a briefing.’

As Michael expected, they were on the edge of the Percy land, close to the woods for no more than ten minutes, when an old Landover approached from the house and Percy got out, his face red with anger. ‘This is my land and unless you have a warrant, you can get off now.’ He was doing his best not to lose his temper, and give the police any reason to question him farther, but it was an effort.
‘Didn’t realise, there’s no boundary on the map Mr Percy, and we found evidence not far from here. Helena Mayne was dumped in the stream by the bridge near here, so this seemed a good place to start.’ Michael said, smiling pleasantly.
The old man was taken aback for a moment, and now controlling himself with an effort said, ‘I repeat leave this land now!’
‘Fine, we’ll look in the woods today, and I’ll get a warrant if we need to extend it.’ Michael smiled again and walked after the dogs disappearing into the woods.

It was too easy, and Michael was suspicious when he asked. ‘What is it?’
‘Garbage bag, sir, with another bag inside and from the smell of it, it’s come from a rubbish bin. A woman’s jacket and scarf.’ The young constable was surprised at the ease of the find. ‘It wasn’t well hidden either, looked as if it hasn’t been here long.’
‘Get it to forensics,’ he wasn’t sure what it meant, it was far too easy unless it was the Polish boy trying to help. There wasn’t much rubbish in the woods. It might be what they looked for, but it was too easy.

After four hours, they left the dogs and the men, to take a break and headed back to the pub for O’Brien to brief them. The thought of another good lunch was also in mind.

The door on the small snug was being fixed by John Payne, so they could have privacy.
‘Very kind of you Mrs Stone.’ Michael smiled at his hostess.
‘One of those jobs we kept forgetting. What’ll ya have for lunch? We’ve got nice steak and kidney pies nearly done?’
‘Lovely, just what we need, cold out there.’

The door was finished, and when closed O’Brien had a lot to report. ‘They’ve found Damon Percy’s aunt and uncle and his car, but he’s missing, went out for a walk early and not returned. The aunt and uncle said he arrived late Saturday. Mrs Charlesworth, the sister, said Mr Percy, asked them to say he’d got there late Tuesday, but they weren’t happy about it and told the truth.’
Collet gave a huge sigh of relief. ‘Can’t be this easy, can it? What with the tissue, hair, bag of clothes, and now this.’
‘Bag of clothes?’ asked O’Brien.
Michael explained what they’d found.
‘Stefan perhaps?’ O’Brien suggested.
‘Just what I was thinking, anything else?’
‘Superintendent Walsh wants the Sarge and Evans back. He’s talking of sending you up to Cumbria, Sarge.’
Collet groaned.
‘It’s ok Collet, lunch first, and you’ll have to get a lift back with Evans and pack another bag.’ Michael knew they’d soon have to leave too, but he was determined to experience the winds.’
‘My wife will love this.’ Collet made a face.
‘She’ll be having a great time,’ joked O’Brien, ‘no sport on the tele, and watching the soppy stuff you hate. And going to the movies with those talkative girlfriends, who drive you potty.’
‘Thanks, O’Brien.’ Collet grimaced. ‘It’ll be bloody cold up there this time of year.’
‘We have a sighting on the M6 of his car late Saturday…’ said O’Brien, but she knew too, a good lawyer could make mincemeat of their case as it stood at present.
‘What we need now is forensics to get back with positive results, and we’ll have a case. I’m sure now he did it.’ Michael was confident they’d get a result. ‘Are they searching for him?’
‘Yes sir, it’s freezing up there, if he’s lost he could die. They’ve sent tyre-tracks so we can compare them with what was found yesterday.’
‘Fingers-crossed it works our way,’ said Michael with a half-smile. ‘To be honest, I was expecting a body to turn up, maybe two, buried in the woods.  I’ll ring Walsh after lunch and say we need to stay a bit longer. O’Brien, I want to see if these winds exist.’
Collet tutted, ‘How can they, from what you say it’s impossible, what did you read O’Brien?’
‘I’ve read the history and went through the parish records. Same names as all over the country now, and many went overseas too.  Odd it’s documented, worth a small fortune this information sir.’
‘We can’t make copies or send it on O’Brien, I promised Father Briant.’
‘I know sir, shame though.’

A knock at the door, the meals arrived, and the door closed again.
‘Lordy what are you doing in here again,’ said O’Brien, Collet made a move to shoo him out, but the others stopped him.
‘He’s not allowed around food,’ said Collet, rather primly.
‘He’s lovely, been with me all morning,’ insisted O’Brien, ‘purring away. Don’t you like cats, Sarge?’
‘Yeah, I like cats - ok, Lordy stays.’ Collet was defeated.

They left O’Brien to continue her research, and Evans drove Collet back to the station for his trip up north. Michael went back to the search, when he asked if anything else turned up, he was surprised by the answer.
‘The dogs went bonkers.’ the constable explained, ‘in this big clearing with a very old tree in the middle. There was nothing we could find, nothing. We put it down to perhaps a dead animal inside, it has a twisted trunk, we looked in as far as we could.’
‘Show me, constable.’

It was beautiful in the large clearing, a huge, ancient oak spread out branches as thick as large trunks. Fallen leaves underfoot raked through after the search, were spread around evenly, until a breeze got up and swirled them into chaos again.
Around the edge of the ancient oak, as if standing sentinel, were other oaks, younger, but still ancient. There was a peaceful silence here, and Michael felt oddly labile again, as he had in the church.
‘How beautiful,’ he said aloud.
‘It is sir, very. I think I’ll come back in the summer and see it in leaf.’
‘I think I might too.’



Chapter 6

It was late, the weary dogs were loaded and driven back. Michael was glad to get to the pub, but he was surprised to find Colin Derwen talking to Mary, stroking Lordy who sat on his knee. He didn’t like the way Mary looked at the professor. Why? He didn’t rightly know, after all, he liked Colin Derwen, and he liked Mary. Lordy jumped down, and Colin asked if he’d like a drink.
‘Don’t mind if I do, thanks, Colin. The last pump to the left.’
‘Mary?’
She looked at Michael. ‘Off duty constable, you’ve worked hard and long enough today.’
‘White wine please, Mark knows which one.’
Michael sat next to her, ‘Cosy?’
‘Sir, Colin only just got here,’ she was slightly ruffled.
‘Oh yes?’ Michael was half teasing, realising his odd feelings about Colin Derwen, were probably his fatherly concern, for a woman only a little younger than his daughters.  ‘You like him?’
‘Yes, I do, he’s different from the usual.’
‘In what way?’
‘Civilised, doesn’t just talk about football, and has read books and likes art.’
‘Wasn’t aware I talked about football.’
‘No, you’re not bad either.’
‘Thanks, I suppose. Has he asked you to have a meal with him?’
‘Sir, now Sarge and Evans have gone, how could I accept, I thought you’d like my company for dinner?’
‘Accept constable, a direct order, I’ll find a quiet corner and think.’
Mary smiled, ‘Yes sir. Looks like we may have got the murderer?’
‘Only if we are lucky, and the forensics are kind. How is this a win in any sense?’
‘Two missing bodies, and a cover-up?’
‘Hush.’
‘Yes sir.’
‘I’ll help the prof bring the drinks, stay for the pint to be polite, and then get lost.’

Michael had a lot to think about - he found a quiet corner and started his pint.
Damon Percy was still missing, making his guilt look even more likely if the jacket was Helena’s and it had something of Damon on it. Then the bridge samples, again if it were his car and his phlegm, they’d have a better case. If this murder was to be solved, then it would help Walsh, when he admitted the cover-up of his superior. He said he’d take the can, and fight for the others. Walsh only had a few months before he could retire, and with luck, they’d let him. Everyone knew you did what you were told. Only the very brave ever shopped their boss - even now it often meant the end of your career.
And that would mean digging up the girl in Catherine’s grave, and soon someone would ask about Helena’s burial too. He’d told Father Briant, for a man who didn’t believe in God, it made him feel a lot better. But he was too calm, he shouldn’t be sleeping well or eating, just downing half a bottle of whisky a night, anyone normal would be.
Strange man Father Briant, wise eyes boring into you - just like Colin Derwen, yet making him feel able to cope. He’d never felt that way at confession when he was a kid.

Mary laughed, making him smile, and no doubt the rest of the pub too. Colin’s laugh was quite as musical, he often judged a person from their laughter, and his constable and the prof were making beautiful music.
His phone rang, it was Collet.
‘Just arrived sir. They’ve found Damon Percy, dead, at the edge of Lake Windermere. They’re sending him for P.M... The doc isn’t sure he drowned, he possibly walked into a branch, knocked himself out and fell in the shallows, maybe dazed. It’s very cold, perhaps hypothermia finished him off. The tyre treads are a match.’
‘Damn, could it be suicide?’
‘Could be, but I doubt it, on the evidence it looks like an accident.’
‘Right, I’ll have to go and tell his father. Can you ring the super and get him up to date. When will you get back, tomorrow?
‘Yes sir, and no real need to stay overnight now, everything will be sent to London Road. Starting back soon, the roads will still be busy, but past Birmingham, the traffic should improve. If I get tired on the way, I’ll find a motel, if that’s alright?’
‘Fine, report to London road tomorrow.’
Michael had to see Percy, but he’d had a pint and a bit. He’d see if Mary was up to driving.
‘Colin, have you ordered yet?’
‘No, just about to, what’s wrong?’
‘If you could hang fire a short while, we’ve got to take a drive to the Percys. Can you wait Colin?’
Mary looked expectant.
‘Not a problem, any idea how long?’ asked Colin.
‘I’d say half an hour. Mary…?’
‘Only had a few sips,’ she interrupted.

It was freezing outside the pub. Mary jumped in the driver’s side and rubbed her hands together.
‘What is it, sir?’
‘Sorry to drag you away.’
‘Lousy timing.’
‘Collet phoned - they’ve found Damon Percy.’
‘Dead?’ she looked at him, Damon Percy had to be dead or injured, as her boss wouldn’t be making her drive to, no doubt the Percy house, not this late.
‘Very dead, and they can’t be sure of the cause of death yet, which opens up this case even further.’
‘Great, that awful house again. We’ll both need more than a glass, or pint or two after this.’
It was a short drive to the farm gate that led to the house. It looked broken at an angle as if it couldn’t be closed.
‘Funny name,’ mused Mary, as the headlights hit a rundown wooden sign, ‘Cromwell House. Didn’t notice the sign in the day, it was so faded.’
‘For getting up the villagers noses I’d say. Deep breath, O’Brien.’ They pulled up beside a new BMW.

A pale Stefan Prabucki opened the door, they felt sorry for him, he mustn’t have anywhere else to go, if he were still sticking this out.
He spoke first. ‘Mr. Percy heard about his son from his sister, and is unable to see you, sir, the doctor is with him. He expected you, and asked if you could leave it perhaps a few days until you speak to him, he is very unwell.’

Michael had an overwhelming desire to take the poor boy for a pint. ‘Before you go, Stefan, earlier we found a rubbish bag in the woods, do you know anything about it?’
‘No sir,’ he looked very nervous, ‘please don’t say anything like that to Mr Percy,’ and he quickly closed the door behind them.
They hurried back to the car.
‘Do you think the boy put the bag in the woods?’ asked O’Brien.
‘Yes.’
‘This is the strangest case ever, I don’t feel as… stressed as I should. I like it here, if I could afford a cottage, if one was vacant, I’d buy it.’
 ‘I was thinking the same thing earlier, not about buying a cottage, the Mayne’s cottage will be up for sale one day, must be relatives somewhere. But I like it here too, and why am I looking forward to my steak and kidney pie, and not swilling down that half a bottle of whisky?’
‘Exactly, though in my case, it’s wine, not into the hard stuff unless it’s drowned in something. What did you think about the woods? Don’t forget Colin is taking us for a walk tomorrow, I thought we’d have to leave after that.’
‘No, a special dispensation from the super, we are staying for The Night of the Winds. I have to see for myself, and why aren’t I laughing my head off? A wind so fierce that it destroys, yes I can imagine that, but every year on the same date is….’
‘Crazy sir?’
‘Exactly. Oh well, we didn’t have to see that unpleasant man, so my steak and kidney will taste just as it should. Be careful with the handsome professor.’
‘Sir, I am not your daughter.’
‘I am never this polite with my daughters, although they do wear a father out, as my son never has.’
‘Usually the other way around, my brother was hopeless at school. He finally got a job as a butcher, with his best friend’s dad. While his best friend, went to university and became a scientist.  My brother Brendan was lucky to get a job, hard to get an apprenticeship now,unless you join the army.’
‘My son is clever, takes after his mum, she’s a PhD in psychology, never knew how she found the time with three kids. He’s doing his doctorate in “some kind of physics”, I only vaguely understand, and only on a good day. As you know my daughters are in America.’
‘You must miss them, and the grandkids?’
‘Worse for my wife, and since we’ve moved here, her parents need her so she can’t get over there as much as she did. Thankfully, my daughters are married to friends, live close and can help each other. Eldest married a good man, over here, then he gets a post at Stanford and they leave. Then my other daughter visits, and she falls for her brother-in-law’s colleague. Haven’t seen my grandkids for a year, next leave we’ll go over again.’

Colin was waiting for Mary, so Michael found a quiet place by the fire. Most of the regulars were missing, he assumed to get ready for tomorrow night, he’d be disappointed if the winds didn’t turn up as promised.
Teresa Stone bought him his steak and kidney pie, ‘You’ve missed the news and terrible it is. They say fifty thousand people in China died in a week of some new bird flu - very few get better with this one, terrible shame. I suppose they don’t have the health system we do over here. Always something terrible on the news, sometimes I’m tempted to turn it off and live in ignorance, I know a lot do just that.’



Chapter 7

Michael had another good night sleep, despite missing bodies, police corruption and a dead murder suspect, even the new flu epidemic. Mary followed him down the stairs.
‘Morning sir, sleep well?’
‘I always do here, no matter what. Mrs Stone…’ he stopped at the bar, ‘you mentioned kippers yesterday?’
Teresa Stone smiled.

A hearty breakfast for Michael, consisting of not just the kippers, but also his usual bacon, eggs and sausage, and they were soon driving to Colin Derwen’s house.
‘Sir, I take it you are driving so I have to open and close the gate? I’m thinking about telling your wife the amount of unhealthy food you are enjoying.’
‘Got me on both counts, constable. I’ve got a long walk this morning, and my shoes might be as comfortable as I can manage with this suit, but they are not my hiking boots.’
‘Not under the impression you hiked, sir - look at those crows flying away.’
‘I’ve noticed. Didn’t your Colin say the birds flew off before the winds?’
‘He’s not my Colin sir, but yes, we talked a lot about the winds last evening.’
‘He’s a top-flight scientist, how does he condone his science with fierce winds that blow on the same night every year?’
‘Hamlet, what else? He says he finds the concept of a God, the way we describe him, as unlikely, and finds reality, as we see it, unsatisfactory,’
‘Um, vague. Good grief…’
They stopped, a mob of deer were hurrying across the narrow lane through an open gate and headed to what looked like a large barn three fields away. They waited a few minutes while they crossed the road.
‘I suppose they can’t hide in the trees to avoid the winds or burrow like some animals,’ mused Michael, almost to himself.

Colin waited for them. They declined his polite offer of a cup of coffee, and set off following the professor, as he led them out of the kitchen door.
‘Colin,’ asked Mary, ‘we passed a large herd of deer, it looked as if they headed for an old barn.’
‘You will have noticed more barns hereabout than usual, necessary for sheltering the animals tonight. They’ve been doing it so long, for many, it’s now instinct. After this, I’m going to help get sheep down from the far pastures. Most men from the village stay home from work today, to help the farmers. The children don’t go to school either.’

The woods felt a little expectant today, thought Michael. ‘This is a lovely wood Colin, even now with most of the leaves gone, must be glorious in the spring and summer.’
‘All the seasons are beautiful in their way.’
Michael still couldn’t work out his relationship with this strange professor, a man of the woods it seemed, more than a man of science.
Mary and Colin were wearing their professional hats today, no laughter, somehow that didn’t suit. They saw more birds flying off, and rabbits hopping, unconcerned at the walkers.
‘The rabbits don’t seem worried Colin?’ Mary queried.
‘Their burrows aren’t far, burrowing animals are safest.’
Michael didn’t recognise any of the paths they’d taken yesterday and was surprised to find they’d arrived so soon at the ancient oak. ‘That was quick, this place seemed a long way into the wood yesterday,’ was Colin laughing at him? The thought disappeared, not to be remembered. ‘This place is so peaceful, so old, yet new too. Should I say renewing, as if the rest of the world doesn’t matter?’
Mary smiled, and looked at him, ‘Never had you down as a poet sir.’
‘You’d be surprised constable, I can still quote a few lines.’
‘Are you staying tonight?’ Colin asked, why did Michael sense he knew the answer, he always knew the answer?
‘Yes, the church is the place to be I’m told. Full of pets, and those too frightened to stay home alone.’
‘The younger children are scared until they get used to it. The farmers usually stay put, everyone else gathers at the church or the pub. More for the company than fear and we insist the older ones do, and we have a doctor if anything goes wrong.’
‘I can’t imagine winds would frighten so much,’ admitted Mary.
‘The sounds the worst, you can’t hear yourself think, never mind talk when the peak hits,’ said Colin.
‘Sergeant Collet is cross, he has to stay at the station as all the interviews are finished,’ said Michael.
‘He’ll always be welcome next year. If you have nothing pressing, perhaps you could help later? Most of the older people take refuge, in the church or pub, including pets, a helping hand would be much appreciated.’
‘Anything we can do, we will.’ Michael nodded.
‘Father Christopher and Mark coordinate the move if you ask them what they need. The electricity goes out almost at once, so they turn it off early to avoid problems, setting up alternative energy sources can be time-consuming.’
‘We will help in whatever way we can.  Might I ask how a man of science believes in something that seems impossible, fierce winds on the same day each year?’
‘Hamlet, chief inspector, I expect you remember the conversation.’
‘Indeed I do, the constable here is constantly referring to it.’
‘And I’ve lived here all my life.’

 The lunch menu was down to a few items, so Michael had to eat steak and chips again, not that he minded. Mary asked for soup, but the soup was the only warm thing available that evening because it could be heated easily on the gas in dim light.
Michael had misgivings about wanting to stay in the church. As if he could read his mind, Mark said the church was well provided with food and drink. Mary helped set up lamps and bedding in the pub, and Michael loaded up with blankets, was sent to help Father Briant.

‘Thanks, Michael,’ Father Briant was as calm as ever. He pointed to a bench already full of pillows and blankets. Several women were helping make the church comfortable. Michael noticed an open door at the back, he thought it was part of the old carved confessional, but the door led down stone stairs.
‘I’d better show you where everything goes…’ he led Michael down the ancient worn circular set of steps. Michael found the descent difficult, but Father Briant had the sure foot of a teenager. ‘We are organised as you can see, comes with lots of practice.’
At the bottom was an arched-roofed ante-room, boxes of soft drinks and water, and what looked like dried pet food, stacked at one end. Michael was ushered into a much larger room full of shelves and a large sink. On one of the shelves were modern-looking lamps, the kind used for camping.
‘We have plenty of water but the electricity goes out, we thought of a generator, but the lamps do just as well, for less effort. We have conveniences,’ he showed Michael through another arch, ‘very necessary, must have been awkward in the old days, and finally.’ he led Michael into the largest space. ‘We keep the smaller animals here.’
‘Very impressive father, where does that corridor lead?’
‘The old priest’s house. There’s a door at the other end in the cellar, usually kept locked.  Before that, it branches off to the pub, and there’s a newer branch that leads to my cottage.’
‘Isn’t the church a bit miffed you don’t use the rectory?’
Father Briant gave a brief smile, ‘I don’t think they know, seemed logical to swop a large house for a large family, and a small one for a man on his own. Any trouble and we can just swop back.’
Michael gave a small nod - this was getting more and more surreal. ‘I’m no expert but this place looks ancient.’
‘Roman. The filled-in window arches once would’ve been open to the air, not underground as now. The church is built over an old Roman house, under the flagstones are mosaics, we carefully covered them to avoid damage.’
‘Father, if anyone in the archaeology field knew about this place…’
‘I don’t believe you or the constable will tell on us, and as I keep saying my name is Christopher, and most call me Chris.’
‘No, I don’t suppose we will tell on you. This is no creepy cellar though, the air is fresh, and it’s not damp, not even a cobweb. What else is it used for?’
‘It’s used as a party room, mostly for youngsters, even the odd, what do they call them nowadays, not discos anymore.’
‘Not raves, I hope?’
‘Not quite,’ Father Briant smiled, ‘just a few young people playing in a band or a DJ. We have little trouble here with drugs, and it’s a worry when they go elsewhere. And perhaps it would be better if the church doesn’t know about the cellars either.’
‘They won’t hear from me. No Halloween parties, even if this place is perfect?’
‘By that time, we are ready for a good sleep.’
‘So I would imagine, and what can I help with first Father?’
‘We have folding beds for the older people, they’d get stiff if we asked them to sit on the pews, or lay on the floor all night. Would you mind helping me up the stairs with them, not heavy, just awkward? Most of the younger men are out checking the animals are safe for the night, so your help is greatly appreciated. Are you staying at the pub or here?’
‘Here, I’m not sure about O’Brien, we haven’t discussed it.’
‘Good, the stairs are difficult for the older people, another strong arm is always useful. I have to admit the younger men tend to take the pub over the church, can’t imagine why?’ Father Briant joked. ‘And don’t worry, Teresa and her volunteers are making us plenty of food so we won’t starve, and we have wine and beer.’ He pointed to boxes with the soft-drinks.
‘You make it sound like a party?’
‘In a way it is. I think of it as a renewal, every year we blow away the stale and let good fresh air in instead.



Chapter 8

It was nearly three pm by the time Michael and Mary helped organise the move of food and blankets and started ferrying the older villagers and their pets. It was smooth, no arguments, just cheerful thanks. Even the animals took it in their stride. In their travel cages, set side by side in the cellar, the cats either ignored each other or renewed acquaintance with old friends. Underneath the stone and wooden shelves were trays of litter. It was these trays of litter that made Michael feel as if he were dreaming. He imagined cats taking turns, politely nodding at each other. Facing them on other shelves were birds, pet rats, mice, gerbils, hamsters, the odd snake or huge spider. It looked as if they were used to this strange night, a few days before Halloween, would they still be friends afterwards?  Two pet goats, a sheep, and as yet, small pet pig, were getting on as if they knew each other. Upstairs in the church, dogs lay comfortably, or grinning inanely and wagging tails.

The evening was coming. Michael stood with Mary outside as they watched the sun sink.
‘You’re staying here in the church I take it, sir?’
‘Plenty of food will be coming, and a few bottles of a nice red, or a bottle of good ale, are stacked with the bottled water downstairs. What more could I want, the pumps will be off anyway, yes constable I’m staying here?’
‘Then, I’ll stay in the pub?’
‘Why, stay here.’
‘Yeah prefer to, Sarge would have chosen the pub, but I really should stay over there. Sir, are we dreaming about this?’
‘You know since I’ve moved out of the smoke, I feel as if I’m dreaming everything.’ He felt a movement on his leg. It was Lordy purring away, the cat accepted a stroke and then went to Mary who did the same before he ran into the church. ‘Well looks like Lordy opts for the church. You moved the car, O’Brien?’
‘Yep, Colin is right, they’ve more barns here than the rest of the county put together. People arriving too, relatives I’d say for - well, not exactly a celebration is it?’
‘Haven’t worked that out yet, let’s see if we are any the wiser in the morning?’
‘See you later sir,’ Mary impetuously reached up and gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
‘What was that for Mary?’ she smiled at his use of her first name. ‘You’re ok sir. When we heard you were taking over, we thought you’d be a right tough, bastard, mean as they come, and you are so not, see you later.’ Mary ran off and into the pub.
Michael smiled, and walked inside the candlelit church, everyone was inside, and Father Briant waited to close the heavy door.

When Mary ran in, Mark went outside and rang the bell hanging up inside the porch, and then he waited. Mary saw a man she didn’t know at the bar, a handsome, middle-aged Indian.
He smiled broadly. ‘Now, you have to be Detective Constable O’Brien, how do you do? I’m Amil.’
‘I’ve heard Teresa talk of you, you are Mark’s brother-in-law, you and your wife, his sister, are GPs near Bristol.’
‘The same, may I get you a drink?’
‘Is that wise?’
‘As it’s your first time here on this night, I’d say yes. And you are asking what are these people doing here? Why are two elderly Asians, Mr and Mrs Ong over there, sitting with their daughter and her St Aethelstan family, and, a nice Indian doctor, doing in this Catholic bastion on such a night? One which smacks of utter paganism - from a world long gone.’ His smile was infectious.
‘Am I?’
‘Well, I hope you are? Any conclusions?’ Mary shook her head. ‘Nor have I, and I’ve been here most years for the last twenty-three.’
‘Hamlet?’ suggested Mary again.
‘Wise man Shakespeare. The Night of the Winds is very frightening, I’ll admit that. Especially when it peaks, a hurricane and an Earthquake combined. Only when you walk outside tomorrow, not a tile will have fallen off a roof, no window will be broken….’
The door closed with a slam, and lamps set down and lit. Mary barely heard Amil finish. 
‘The fallen leaves gone, and broken dead branches will need to be tidied true, but nothing else. The birds will come back as if they’ve never been away. The farm animals will find their fields again, and the deer return to the forest. And we will feel renewed, as if we have been on a quest and found what we are looking for, and yet we can’t remember what it was. Then we will return to our homes, and carry on with our lives as if nothing happened. I doubt you will find any answers, and if you must have them, then you will feel let down and perhaps never recover. I doubt anyone here can answer those questions, you or the inspector have, for we can’t answer them for ourselves, Mary. Just accept it.’
‘Was that sound medical advice Amil?’
‘It was,’ he smiled gently, ‘and now what can I get you?’

Mary said her hellos to many of the regulars who’d made her welcome, and met villager Anne Reynold’s mother and father, the Ongs. Once she’d said hello to the forty, or so taking shelter in the pub, she took her drink and sat next to Simon Stone and his daughter Clare, Amil’s wife, a pretty, dark-haired woman, with the family bright, blue eyes.
Rufus snoozed in front of the fire, carefully ignoring the other dogs, ignoring him.
‘Amil had a great deal of trouble with the whole concept of St Aethelstan, for quite a few years,’ she smiled. ‘I take it his words were not of much help. I often think my husband would have been happier as a poet than a doctor. However, like the majority of his race, he feels he must earn a good living for his family.’
‘I think he suggested I just accept and not try to rationalise it, or my mental health might suffer?’
‘It’s much easier for us who are born here, yet most of us leave the village and marry outside it, but for our new family members, it’s hard. Not everyone admits to their partners the reality of our village. Some go as far away as possible and try to forget us, but I’d say that isn’t easy either. Our children love coming,’ she pointed to two children in their teens, who sat down at a table doing what looked like homework. ‘Luckily it’s often a school holiday.’
‘Constable, any news on Helena’s murder yet?’ asked Simon, patiently waiting for the right moment to ask.
‘I can’t say much at the moment, as nothing is finalised. However, it may be as you believed. That is only my interpretation of the present facts. Until everything is finalised, and any charges laid, I can’t be clearer. Shouldn’t be long.’ The police speak sounded even more ridiculous than usual, a lot of muddled words that conveyed very little.
‘Poor Helena, I supposed the Percy’s killed Catherine too, something wrong with them, the men anyway.’ Simon frowned.
All Mary could think was, what are they going to do when they realise Helena’s body is missing. And Catherine’s grave held an unknown young woman, who’d overdosed, and they must dig her up, and try to find her family?

Then it felt as if they were on a boat and hit by a wave. The solid, ancient building shook and there was a brief, loud wail. It couldn’t be the wind, it sounded as if something huge was in terrible pain.
‘What was that sound?’ Mary had the oddest feeling a whale, as big as the whole of Wiltshire, was about to swallow them whole.
Clare touched her arm. ‘Just the wind, it’s started. We’ll get a few more bumps and noises like that, and then the wind starts screeching. A bit like a hurricane. You can feel the building shake, then it dies down and repeats at irregular intervals.  Until about midnight, when everything happens at once. The ground shakes until you imagine it will crack under your feet, and the walls will fall in, at least the windows will shatter. Winds buffet and shake us too and at intervals even louder, deeper wails, so deep your head, and ears ache. That lasts about an hour until it slowly dies. It stops about four in the morning, but we don’t go out, we wait until daylight. The electricity comes back on, and we have a large breakfast. Mark opens champagne. We see everyone safely home, clean up, close the pub and sleep. Or try to, and later that day, my family and I drive back, and back to work the next day, as if we’d been for a breakaway at a spa, and feeling like it too.’
‘Aren’t you afraid?’ asked Mary.
‘Not of the wind, just not knowing what it is.’
‘We are all frightened of that,’ admitted Mrs Ward, from the cottages close by, ‘but we also know we are looked after very well by whatever the wind is. And if there’s a mystery, then we must accept it, if we don’t, then this small, magic place will disappear as so much of this country has. They will develop it,’ she added darkly, and everyone listening nodded vigorously.

Michael helped those who needed it, to navigate the tricky stairs down to the conveniences. It went on for about an hour until everyone settled. He decided the teenage brother and sister helping too, were perhaps better suited to constantly climbing up and down the uneven and shallow stairs than he. He helped a lady, younger than his wife, who had dizzy turns.
With all the time and effort expended on the cellars, perhaps they should get rid of the beautiful, but very inefficient and worn stone, spiral staircase and get a sturdier wooden one. One which didn’t send Agnes, and her friends dizzy, and me too for that matter. He fantasied how it might be done. Perhaps the top part could be just covered in wood with a rail, and as it reached the anteroom the wall could be removed and the steps straightened. Concentrate Campion, this lady might fall, and you too.

There was no service, all Father Christopher did was to put an ancient, wooden statue of St Aethelstan on the altar. Some prayed silently, those with children entertained them with old board games brought down from lofts. It reminded Michael of his family Christmas, at least those with his mum’s family. His father’s side tended to ignore the needs of the younger ones, without his mother, those Christmases would have been unbearable.

He looked for a place to settle when the church shook and a terrible wail, filled with the pain of aeons, sounded. No one seemed perturbed, but most of the dogs lay down as close to their owners as they could, and two babies started to cry and then calmed. Michael was shaking more from the alien strangeness of the sound, than anything else. He’d expected winds, but not the demons of hell.
 He found the spot Father Briant saved for him, the hard seat had an outdoor cushion, easing what might be a long sit. It was cool but not as cold as he’d imagined, everyone had jackets and coats, many added wool hats and gloves. The car was safe in a barn somewhere, with his gloves nestling comfortably in the glove box, waiting patiently for use that seldom came. He’d never take them for granted again.
Many candles burned for heat as well as cheer, the church looked more beautiful without the electric light. It felt like Christmas - he was surprised they weren’t singing Ding Dong Merrily on High.
Then the church shook, and a wail as if the very Earth itself was screaming, erupted. Most looked up, but then carried on with what they were doing.
Father Briant was suddenly close, making him jump. Like Clare Nardel, he explained what to expect.
‘That was no wind Chris,’ Michael tried to say, his sane, sensible protestations sounding hollow. Lordy, still roamed free, jumped up next to him and purred, Michael stroked him. Father Briant seemed to shimmer slightly, no-one else noticed, he had to be imagining it.
‘We must just accept it, Michael, if we went looking we’d never find the truth of it.’
‘But you are a Catholic priest Father, how can you believe all this. A wind sounding as if the very Earth were screaming, and if anyone else mentions Hamlet.’ His voice was high and squeaked, a large, black lady beside him, gave him a motherly smile, as did an elderly Asian lady in front, she turned to him.
‘We should not forget the old gods either,’ she said in a matter of fact voice, ‘assuming we know everything, when we don’t,’ and went back to her prayers.
Father Briant then made a fantastic admission that made Michael feel nauseous as if his life was based on some lie or another. ‘Mrs. Lau is wise Michael, we should never assume we know anything at all.’



Chapter 9

Michael and Mary both felt the weight of the knowing. As if the supposed staunch Catholics of St Aethelstan’s were something else entirely. As if everything from their childhood they’d analysed, and come to varying conclusions, was a convenient lie.
They’d sought the truth and fallen far short, there was no truth, perhaps never would be. The storm grew, it was as if the church and pub would never stand the onslaught, and at midnight the one scream, multiplied until they thought they’d go mad.
Still, Rufus slept, how, wondered Mary, and it helped calm her, was it an illusion, no, it wasn’t, but it wasn’t meant for Rufus.
Lordy sat on Michael’s knee, and he stroked him, trying to ignore the buffeting and shaking, and the whining, booming, screaming.  Above it all Michael could hear Lordy purring away contentedly, calming him.

Once the worst was over Michael was on convenience duty again. When another wind came as he walked down the steps again, he noticed although he could hear it, the ancient cellar was firm and didn’t shake. The animals too were calm like Lordy, and a young girl opened up her cat’s box setting her large, grey, tabby down by the litter trays.

Then Mary suddenly appeared, followed by an Indian man with a large doctor’s bag.
‘Ah, Doctor Nardel I presume.’ Michael blurted out.  Did I say that?
‘How’s it going sir?’ asked Mary, with one of those rare, motherly, how are you coping looks, she usually gave to victims’ families, not her boss.
‘Detective Chief Inspector Campion, I presume also,’ Amil answered, with a smile that looked a little too professional to Michael. ‘Perhaps we can leave Kate and Tom here to help the dizzy up and down those silly stairs eh? They’ve younger legs, and nothing the wind does will surprise them after twenty years.’
‘It might be a good idea to change the steps?’ suggested Michael.
‘As I have been saying for a while. With care, we can dismantle those ancient, very worn, and treacherous steps, and reinstate them somewhere so they are not lost. Then get John Payne to build a sturdy wooden set. There again sometimes Father Chris uses it as an excuse to get strangers to mix with the villagers - yes, I’m joking. Michael, let’s get you sat down and check your blood pressure.’
‘I’m very fit,’
‘I’m sure you are, but I was twenty-one when I first experienced this, and I can assure you mine was raised.  Even thought twice about marrying my lovely Clare, but in the morning I felt much better, as I am sure you will.’
Michael nodded. ‘Teresa said you, and your wife, always help.’
‘And if we can’t, we make sure another St Athelstan raised doctor comes instead. Not that we have any problems. That’s why we like the sick and elderly to come to the church, or pub, so we can be sure they are fine. We can’t make house calls tonight.’
Michael sat down leaving room for Mary, while Amil saw to the woman sat beside him. She must have been a diabetic.
‘Mandy is the mother-in-law of a villager who now lives in Oxford, and she lives in Bristol,’ Mary whispered, ‘Clare and Amil bring her with them, her own family doesn’t come often.’
‘Mary?’
‘I’m freaking too sir, believe me, I’m freaking. When that first noise happened, if it wasn’t for Rufus snoring his head off beside the fire, I might have run out into the storm, screaming like a banshee meself.’
Another huge wind surge struck the church and then a low moaning, this time as if thousands of souls wanted rescuing from the ground. Then a huge flash like lightning, and a noise like several bombs going off, even the locals flinched at that.
When it was quiet again Michael said. ‘What the hell is going on O’Brien, and don’t mention Hamlet ever again?’
‘Sounded like a bomb, and I’ve not seen a lightning flash before have you?’
‘If you mean during this Night of the Winds, well, I’m no expert, but so far no lightning flashes, unless I was on convenience duty.’
Mary giggled. Amir finished with Mandy and sat on the other side of Michael. ‘Right, let’s have a look at you. Have you had anything to eat or drink?’
‘A drink of wine I assume you mean, and then helping the dizzy up and down those stairs? No thank you and come to think about it, I’ve forgotten to eat too.’
‘That’s a first sir,’ said Mary, with her usual sarcasm, ‘I’ll get you something while Amil checks you out, there’s a trolley downstairs.’
‘Get him something to drink too, will you Mary, he’s done his convenience duty for tonight,’ Amil said loudly.

Mary came back with a paper plate, filled with what looked like a fancy ploughman’s lunch, and a paper cup of red wine. Amil confirmed his BP was up, but nothing to worry about. Then went to see the Lau family, before saying hello to everyone.
Mary pinched a piece of cheese. ‘Hey leave that, you’ve been at the pub.’
‘There’s plenty more, and the only extra we’ve had, to what’s in that trolley downstairs, is the minestrone, and you don’t like soup.’
‘What’s it like over there?’
‘Not as pretty as this, never seen so many candles before, it’s magical, although we have the fires to make it cosy. It’s just the usual patrons and a few family members. Can’t believe the Ongs, and Lau’s are so addicted, not to mention Mandy.’ She looked over and the woman smiled.
Mandy leaned over to answer. ‘I was curious when my daughter-in-law mentioned it. My son had been, he was reluctant, but told me it was “mind-blowing” and you can never be the same again. So I came, and the first time I was terrified, praying to God to save me from the demons. Next morning it was as if my deadwood blew away too, just as it is for the woods. So I’ve been back nearly every year. My son teaches astrophysics at Oxford University,’ she said proudly. ‘I have three grandchildren, and when they are old enough, they say they will bring them. But I am afraid my son may have conveniently forgotten he promised, so it will be up to me and my daughter-in-law, to bring them one day. If my son has forgotten the feeling of freedom afterwards, it’s a shame. I think he’s worried what he felt was only madness and he doesn’t want to repeat it, what if his peers found out? The stigma, they’d say he’d reverted to type.’
‘Surely not.’ Michael said, trying to help, but he knew Mandy was no fool, academia was a world of pretence too, if anything worse than politics.

Mary returned to the pub with Amil. When she’d gone, Lordy sat on Michael’s knee again, and someone filled his paper cup with more red wine. By the third, he’d stopped jumping at every shake and every noise, and by the fourth had to have help from Tom to get down the treacherous stairs safely. After two, the frequency of the winds decreased, and it was six-thirty, when he was woken up by Kate who was offering everyone a cup of tea.
‘How long have I slept for Kate?’
‘About three hours, inspector, the winds finished an hour ago, and the electricity’s back. The constable said I should tell you to get breakfast at the pub, and there’s no bacon and eggs, just beans and sausages on toast. If you want toast and jam, I’ve got that here?’
‘Um well, beans are healthy, aren’t they Kate?  I think I’ll nip across to the pub.’

There was a steady stream to-ing and fro-ing from the church to the pub along the passage. Mark was opening the main door as the sun started to rise.
Most of the locals left soon afterwards, calling out and wishing each other a good new year.
A good new year, it made perfect sense to Michael.

‘The Constable’s gone to bed for a few hours inspector’ said Teresa when he arrived, she looked remarkably fresh considering how hard she’d been working. ‘Might be a good idea you do the same?’
‘Um?’
Teresa smiled, ‘Help yourself to the buffet inspector, and then get some sleep like your nice constable.’

He was having the oddest dream, what he first noticed was a deep silence. It must have been summer in St Aethelstan’s woods, for Colin Derwen was stepping out of the opening in the oak. Bright sunlight was pouring through the leaves. Colin was shouting at him, but he couldn’t hear, and he turned away and looked up at the tree. Then the leaves started to fall and it got dark, very dark. Colin was right in his face now, still shouting but there was still utter silence. Lordy appeared, a different Lordy, his eyes were filled with bright light, and then he could hear, but only Lordy purring…
‘Sir wake up, wake up, sorry but you must wake up.’ It was Mary, how odd, and he was still in his suit…
‘Agh, oh, give me a second, what's wrong, what time is it?’
‘Ten, and Cromwell House has been destroyed.  We need to get over there before forensic.’
Michael was almost awake now. ‘Bugger, I’ve run out of clean shirts.’
‘So have I sir, but this is more important than clean underwear.’



Chapter 10

Colin Derwen met them at the gate. ‘I was leaving for work and I saw this, the mobiles are out again, so I had to drive home to get help.’
‘Where’s your car?’
Colin pointed up the drive a short way, ‘Haven’t had time to have a good look, but looks like the roofs gone, and most of the walls.’
‘Any sign of Percy, or the Polish boy?
‘I was going to drive up and have a look, and then I heard your siren.’
‘Stay here, it might be dangerous.’
‘Same applies to you, the rest of the house might topple any moment.’
‘Noted Colin, we’ll be careful. I hear sirens, someone else is arriving, direct them in will you? Mary, drive carefully and avoid getting too close to the house.’
‘Christ, looks bad even from here. Remember that noise last night, like a bomb going off.’
‘Several bombs, yes I remember, and the flash of lightning. Don’t think what I am thinking constable, what the hell happened, and how? Don’t say anything about last night to anyone.’
‘Agreed, although Sarge will want to know, and he won’t say anything. Everyone else will think we’ve gone mad or have been at the magic mushrooms. So what’s the official story?’
‘Old tradition, a few days before Halloween, the villagers celebrate their own New Year just as their ancestors did. And in a land that throws black puddings, and still dances around a maypole, being amongst its sanest traditions. I don’t think anyone would find it strange a village gets together, and has a big New Year’s Eve party, on a different day than everybody else, in the local pub, and a service in the church as well, do you?’ He was only half-joking.
‘No sir. Will we ever leave this place?’
‘If I don’t get home soon, my wife threatens to come and join us.’
‘Might be a good idea, she can give us professional help. On the way, she can ask my mum to go to my flat, and pack another bag for me, and bring it with your clean shirts. God sir, I feel as if all I want to do is drink all day, watch the scariest movie I can find, and wake up the next day as if this was just a dream.  Have to admit, I’ll shed no tears for that dreadful, old man. But that nice, Polish boy - sir, we need counselling,’
‘And say, the demons of earth rose up and what - washed away our sins? We’d both lose our jobs, besides we are clearing Helena, and maybe her mother’s murder, and we have to do something about the girl in the wrong grave. I will not be talked out of that.’

Mary stopped the car halfway to the house. ‘Can’t get any closer, have you seen the glass everywhere?  Looks as if it’s been thrown into the ground like arrowheads.’
They carefully got out, and picked their way through the broken glass shards, shattered wooden window frames, bricks, broken stucco and shattered roof tiles. Only the front central part of the house was still standing, with the staircase intact. They had to avoid the worst debris and forced to walk around the house to the back, and there they saw the body about twenty yards away.
‘Stop constable, it’s too dangerous,’ Michael insisted.
‘I see a way through, what if he’s alive?’
‘I’d say that’s very unlikely.’
‘I’m surer on my feet, stay there sir, I’ll check.’ As Mary made a very convoluted way to the body, a fire truck and ambulance arrived, and Michael withdrew to liaise with them.
First, he heard the good news, a young man had been found unhurt, he hoped it was Stefan.

William Percy had so many glass shards in his body, you could barely get a finger between them.  Michael and Mary left it to the experts and backed down the drive to where another ambulance parked. Thankfully it was the Nardels, treating a pale, shaking Stefan Prabucki, while Colin Derwen stood close as if guarding the boy.
‘Found him clutching a lime tree, he was too scared to move.’ He explained.
Michael looked him straight in the eyes, ‘You weren’t at the pub last night?’
‘No, never go. I manage it with a bottle of red and a good book. My family always stay at home. Everyone here about deals with it their way, and each generation carries the same tradition on. The only exceptions are the elderly, sick, or pregnant, they have to go to the pub or church, so the Nardels can treat them if required.’
‘When can I talk to him Amil?’
Amil nodded, ‘Stefan, I know you are having trouble with your hearing, but can you talk to the chief inspector and tell him what happened last night?’
Stefan nodded, but it was a few moments before he started, ‘The winds were dreadful. I could hear wolves howling as my grandmother talked about. I set up the lamps for the old Percy, but later I heard the main door open, and I went to close it. But as soon as I set foot in the hall, the wind sucked me out. Then the wind changed and pushed me into the wood. I grabbed at a tree and closed my eyes. I couldn’t move, the noise was awful, there was worse than wolves in the wind, much worse, there had to be demons, but they didn’t harm me. It was as if they wanted me to live, so I decided I must. I held on to the trunk of the tree with my arms and legs, and my eyes closed. I heard what sounded like a bomb and the ground shook. I think until the house was destroyed. I just held on until Mr Derwen found me. I am very tired.’
‘No need for a hospital trip, we’ll get him to the pub and look after him. His hearing may be a while coming back, one of his eardrum’s burst.’ Clare explained.
‘Thanks, doctor,’ said Michael, with an odd look at Clare, and then Mary.
‘Stefan, did you leave that bag in the woods the other day?’
He nodded, ‘I was going to leave, go to my cousin in London, but my phone kept cutting out, and I didn’t know the address. I was going to contact you and tell you Damon Percy and his father were whispering the day the girl was murdered. Suddenly he was driving to his aunts, and I was told to tell you a lie if I was interviewed.’
‘Did the Percy’s threaten you?’
‘Not in words, but I was frightened. I was going to leave this morning, and come and see you, tell you. Even if you send me back to Poland, it was too much - all too much.’
‘Yes it was Stefan, thank you.’
Father Briant got out of a car Teresa was driving. She got out, spoke to Clare, nodded, and drove off again. Father Chris was just what Stefan needed, he was sobbing and clutching at the priest’s arms, muttering demons.
‘Safe now Stefan,’ Chris soothed. ‘Mrs. Stone from the Oak is seeing you get a nice room, so you can have a long sleep.’
‘Please, Father I must confess first.’
‘I’ll come and see you shortly.’
The Nardal’s drove him back.

‘Anything I can do?’ Father Briant asked.
‘No, Percy’s dead,’ said Michael, ‘and as you can see the house is rubble.’
‘I hope it’s never rebuilt. His sister is driving down. Not much love between the siblings, but seeing this as she passes will not be easy,’
‘Any phone numbers?’
‘Teresa has, she called her to let her know what happened.’
‘O’Brien, will you check and perhaps get her to call into the station to talk to Evans before she sees this?’
‘Yes sir, I must get to the pub to ring, the phone’s still not working, um sir…?’
It was Walsh, he got out of the car, walked over, and he pulled Michael to one side. ‘What happened last night? What caused this?’ he looked pale and stressed.
Michael decided that if anyone might understand, perhaps Superintendent Walsh did, he was familiar with St Aethelstans.
‘We stayed for the winds, and just as described, the winds came and blew down the house.’
Walsh didn’t say don’t be facetious. ‘We must keep this quiet until I go to the commissioner and tell them what we discussed the other day.’
‘Yes sir, I agree. What’s happening with the case?’
‘Still waiting for results, but it looks as if Damon Percy was the perpetrator.  CT and his aunt and uncle’s statement, confirm he left for the north, not long after Helena was killed. The DNA testing should be back by end of the week. Don’t you think you need to get out of this place?’ Walsh was highly stressed.
‘Yes sir, perhaps we do.’
‘I liked the place too you know, nice people, seem so normal.’
‘Yes sir, oh, and the Polish boy left the clothes for us to find. And we need to address the matter of who’s buried in Catherine’s grave too.’
‘Again, after I see the boss. What the hell did this Michael? What the hell stole the bodies?’
‘Don’t know sir, I doubt we ever will.’
‘If we only had answers, this could destroy a lot of good people, Michael.’
‘Aware of that, sir.’
‘Show me around, will you. I’ll drop you back to the constable.’



Chapter 11

The Charlesworth’s arrived at six pm after a long drive. Michael and O’Brien waited to see them. They were surprised when one of the farmer’s wives, waiting in the bar, ran to Mrs Charlesworth and gave her a big hug.
‘Can’t tell you how glad I am to see you, Marg.’
‘You too Aggy, we should have kept in touch, but I…’
‘You ran away, I know why.’
‘Mrs. Charlesworth,’ Michael interrupted.
‘This is Detective Chief Inspector Campion,’ said Aggy, moving away to give them space.
‘I’m so sorry about the last few days, Mrs Charlesworth.’
‘We are too, that my brother and nephew could…’ she shook her head.
Her husband came in dragging a suitcase, and they were introduced. ‘William Percy put us on a spot, he told us Damon got in with the wrong sort and was framed for something he didn’t do. Once we heard the story from the police, we chose to believe them.’
‘We saw the old house, or what remains of it. I hated the place, as you’ve guessed I ran away, with Malcolm here, a long time ago.’
‘And from your welcome return I’d say you were not as unpopular as your brother?’ Michael smiled.
‘No, I used to mix with the villagers, had a few wonderful friends like Aggy, but once mum died, well, it went downhill fast. Met Malcolm one day, when shopping in Swindon. And the rest is as you see, and once I left, I never came back. If I’m honest I often wonder what happened to my sister-in-law. William made out she ran away.’
‘Ah, we’ll check. If you tell the Constable what you remember, she’ll have a look for you. I take it the estate is yours now?’
‘No idea, I imagine William had the same solicitor as my father. I’ll find out and let you know.’

The sound of the TV news was suddenly turned up. Michael noticed everyone was glued. ‘Isn’t this flu awful,’ said Margaret Charlesworth. ‘Not everyone catches it, but if they do, they nearly always die.’

“The New Asian Influenza has spread through China and into neighbouring countries including Russia. Two cases have been isolated in Sydney Australia, one in San Francesco, and closer to home, one in Zurich. Numbers of deaths so far is sketchy. But estimates say more than three hundred thousand victims have died in North-Western China, merely a week after the virus was first detected. The Chinese army is deployed to assist over-stretched medical facilities, in what is a remote area. It also has the thankless task of arranging burials for the dead. In several small villages, all the people died…”

‘Heard from Colin?’ Michael said, drawing Mary into a corner.
‘Yes, he has to work, everyone is panicking about this new flu. He’s helping co-ordinate worldwide investigations. I think it might be really serious.’

As they left the Oak, they left with – ‘We will see you again soon won’t we?’ ‘You must bring your wife along too.’ And ‘As soon as you know Damon Percy killed the Mayne girls, you will let us know.’ And from Father Christopher, ‘We will see you again I’m sure, and we will get those steps sorted before next year.’ And many other good wishes.

They called in at the remains of Cromwell house, it was brightly lit up and everyone still worked.
Wilsher was there.
‘Didn’t see you earlier?’ asked Michael
‘More fatalities, just off the M4.’
‘More journalists?’ Michael was only half-joking, and the reply was expected.
‘Funny enough yes, the first lot came from Bristol, the others from London. I’m going to send you everything I’ve got once I get my reports done, seems too much of a coincidence.’
‘Thanks, I’d be grateful. We’re back to London Road.’
‘I hear the villagers were right about the Percys, sir?
‘Seems so… we’ll keep you in the loop.’
‘Thank you, sir, constable.’

It was dark but Mary skilfully drove back along the narrow lanes, both were uncharacteristically silent.
‘Do you feel better sir,’ Mary broke the silence, ‘as they said we would? What Wilsher says makes it even worse.’
‘No, not better, but a lot is going on here. I’m going to The Night of the Winds next year too. And I will bring my wife and her parents to lunch, now and then. Chris will love it here. You?
‘Don’t give me that look, sir. I hope so. Colin Derwen is gorgeous, handsome, sexy, clever. And he lives where I’d like to buy a cottage if I could afford one. And he lives in the most amazing house on the edge of an ancient forest, what’s not to like?’
‘Don’t you think he’s a little dangerous?’
‘I hope so, just enough.’



Chapter 12

 A few days later, Michael left a disappointed Mary to catch up with her paperwork, while he drove to meet with Colin Derwen at his office. His nose wasn’t red with the cold, but it was twitching, a ridiculous idea he had about this New Flu, as it was now called. And the way businessmen, corrupt politicians, and other unsavoury types were dropping like flies. Usually, it was the poor who suffered most, but not this time.
There were rumours it might be artificial, only rumours, and just from the usual crackpots, and the attention-seeking media. But as Colin was a geneticist, it was sensible to ask him if it were possible. He wasn’t here officially, just being his usual nosy self, he also admitted there had to be more to the murders. He couldn’t believe two related bodies disappeared, and in such a strange fashion, never to be found.
The three missing hours when he first met the scientist kept coming to mind, and he was having very odd dreams. He wasn’t sure how he was going to broach the idea, he wasn’t even sure what idea he had. He was ostensibly just being his usual, curious self, wanting a look inside a Genicus Lab, and Colin was happy to show him around his workplace.

The trip along the M4 was thankfully clear, and he followed Colin’s instructions to the letter. It wasn’t that far, just west of Reading in a new trading estate. The building was as smart as expected, but not that large, although it looked as if they planned to expand, as there were well-tended vacant spaces each side.
He’d done his research about the Genicus Company. Colin was modest about his position, and the company were, not Swiss-based, as he had suggested, but British. And this elegant, if the modest building, was the real head-office. He supposed that needed clearing up first. It was a question worth asking, after Colin misled him about his position, telling him Switzerland was the heart of the company.
Genicus had research facilities all over Europe and the United States. They invented a new technology, new faster ways to translate DNA, built the new machines in Germany, and liaised with various firms selling genealogy. It must make them a lot of money, nowadays people wanted to know who they were. They also worked with various universities around the world. What if Colin had anything to do with the strange New Flu? No, what a ridiculous idea, then why was he here? He had this feeling nothing was as it seemed.

Colin walked towards him as he entered as if he knew when he’d arrive, which made Michael nervous. His repressed imagination saw strange aliens behind the closed doors around the reception area, working on bodies of humans. When he tried to think about why he had such crazy ideas, he couldn’t come up with anything sensible. Perhaps I might be turning into a fictional writer, or more likely - let’s not go there, Michael.

‘Hello, Detective Chief Inspector Campion, we don’t often see you without an off-sider?’ he smiled.  Michael wondered how disappointed he was Mary wasn’t here?
‘Detective Sergeant Collet, and Detective Constable O’Brien, are still working on the case.’
‘I imagine they are very busy, it’s very confusing. Come up to my office and we can talk over coffee, then I’ll give you a tour. It’s a lot bigger than it looks, the labs are underground.’

His office was on the top floor, other offices too, and a woman working at a desk just opposite the lifts. He introduced Michael, and she made a note of his name on the computer.
‘Sally Blake is my staff manager. She has control of the secretarial, clerical and IT staff - she runs the place. Her office is behind the desk, we don’t get many visitors on this floor. You might say she is the beating heart keeping us together. Without her excellent organisational skills, we would waste valuable time. This large central area is used for meetings, and the Christmas party, and other social events.  My assistant Dr Dan Petrie, who isn’t here today, works in the office next to mine. He’s in charge of day to day running. I’d never be able to leave the building if I didn’t have him. He deals with our other overseas offices, the universities, and manufacturing liaison. Sally and her team take the more mundane stuff, but Dan deals with peers, they can be temperamental.’ Colin gave a knowing smile. ‘We have our own security, cleaning, and catering services.’ Colin opened the door to a large, well-appointed office, more like a penthouse suite. Through an open door, Michael saw a bedroom at one end of the room, there was a galley kitchen on the other.
‘Coffee? And I see Sally ordered small cakes and sandwiches.’
Michael felt better after coffee, a few sandwiches, and two cakes, and he made the excuse to himself that it was a combined coffee-break and lunch. As usual, he felt as if Colin was in control.

Here goes nothing. ‘I’ve researched Genicus, it was difficult to find you are the owner of a very large, worldwide, corporation, and not just an employee Colin?’
‘I admit I keep that quiet, I don’t want anyone in the village to know.’ He smiled again. ‘I do leave the day to day running to my excellent employees, who consult me on anything important, and I’ve no desire for the trappings of wealth. I either reinvest in the company or give it away to deserving causes. I’ve everything a man needs, I love my ancient family home, and the woods surrounding it. I don’t require a mansion in every fashionable corner of the world.’
‘I also read your grandfather started the company, and it became what it is now through your father’s control, and you carry on the tradition. Why, if you love your home and woods so much, don’t you sell the company, and stay in St Athelstan, you could save Africa with the proceeds.’
‘I’m often tempted, but I have ambitions of my own. I give a great deal to young, promising students, in the form of scholarships, and not just in science, but the arts too. As you suggest, I try very hard to raise educational standards in places like Africa. However, if I gave the money to countries, or individuals in those countries, it would find its way into secret bank accounts the world over. And the terrible violence, and instability wouldn’t get better, perhaps if it were possible, worse.
My family have been scientists since the word was invented, and until recently, sensible people kept that quiet, or be burned at someone’s stake. You might say my reticence to tell the whole world who, and what I do, and am, stems from my upbringing, even my DNA. When you’ve finished that last cake, and I insist you do, I’ll show you around.’

It was a modest home for such a large, successful, global company. Colin was well-liked by his employees, and he addressed everyone by name. He showed Michael everything, from the busy offices to the mailroom, and the kitchen down in the basement.
Michael had a good memory for names, but even he wouldn’t remember all these. So far no aliens, or bodies or body parts - perhaps they are deep underground? 

Next floor down from the offices, was for storage and the maintenance staff. Colin knew their names too, going so far as to asking the maintenance manager about one man whose wife was having a baby. He was sending a generous gift from the company. And it wasn’t said for his benefit. There was nothing unusual about Colin Derwen sending gifts to his employees. Sally was arranging it.
This man is too good to be true, too perfect, is that why I am suspicious? Not just him, everything about the ideal English village, without any nasty villagers telling tales on their neighbours.
It hadn’t struck him so hard before, only the Percy’s were held in mutual contempt - everyone else in St Aethelstan worked together in perfect harmony. That was odd and against everything he’d learned as a policeman, dealing with the worst London had to offer.

Now for the laboratories, another floor down. Nothing strange here either. All very clean, and pristine. Several laboratories, most unused. Colin explained they were booked by universities to instruct students, or other scientists from diverse companies, to try out the newest equipment, available for purchase.
‘Do you do any police-work, Colin?’
‘Yes, we occasionally do work for court cases, and help out, if various laboratories around the country can’t cope. We have a good reputation, and many of the scientists in those laboratories, have trained or worked here.’ He opened a double door, like the hatches on Deep Space Nine. One of the many sci-fi TV shows his son was so fond of, and although he didn’t admit it, so was he.
‘Have you been asked to work on the flu-virus, Colin?’
‘Yes, my Switzerland lab is. It’s equipped for that kind of work, as it is the main research facility. This is a shop for selling ideas, as well as equipment.’
Not a facial expression out of place, now why did that worry, Michael.
‘Any progress?’
‘Michael, that’s still top secret, and when the news is released, I will let you know,’ this was accompanied by his usual, kind smile.
‘Is it genetic, as the media are suggesting it might be?’
Still the kind face, not a facial movement to suggest anything at all. Then something happened that made Michael’s heart pound.

‘Off the record,’ said Colin earnestly, as if he’d read Michael’s mind. ‘It is possible. Every time the plague starts again the virus mutates. Virus mutate normally, as you know, there are many ways a victim may be susceptible, while others are not. Is it attacking people with certain genes? We cannot say. As yet it’s just an idea, when we are running out of them.  However, we’ve not had time to assess the genes it then attacks, and why it leaves some people alone and kills others. We are testing the DNA samples of victims, to find any common denominators. Even with our equipment, it’s a long job, and we have to get other labs to check our work, as we will theirs. I’m sorry it may be a while until we are sure of anything.’
‘From the gut Colin, what do you think?’
‘I’m a scientist Michael, and I need facts, not my gut reaction. I promise, as soon as the results are released to the main world bodies, for them to disseminate, I will let you know. You realise not everything may be released, we don’t want to cause panic.’
‘But I expect your labs will have millions the world over, wanting their DNA read, to find if they are susceptible. A lot more money to give scholarships to poor Africans, and the like.’
‘No Michael, I know you have a wicked sense of humour, but we didn’t make the virus a good earner for the company. As far as I am aware, neither I nor my fellow scientists would find using mass-murder a productive way of making money, as our customers would be greatly reduced.’ Colin said drolly.

The main laboratory was no larger than the others were and had about twenty staff working there. Colin left the senior scientist Doctor Trudy Hirsher to show Michael how things worked, while he talked to a colleague. It appeared simple enough, apart from the usual science words, he didn’t understand, and those words seemed to be getting more and more frequent until his mind wandered. No body parts here either. But you don’t need bodies to make a virus. I think I’ve learned that much. But I’ve still no idea how you can put genes within a virus, or is that vice-versa. I’ll have to do more research and try to find out. Now, who is kidding? I can’t get past Adenine, Thymine, Guanine and - agh now it must begin with C because of GATTACA. I need a doctor.

Doctor Trudy Hirsher, an attractive middle-aged lady, with a slight accent, and dominating black-framed spectacles, was less kind to a man with a basic knowledge of genetics.
True, it wasn’t as hard as his son’s endless equations, and he had a basis in natural science. But this had moved on considerably since his biology A’ level, and university. And he tended to read detective novels, the rare times he did read. There were more up-to-date science books at home he glanced at, his wife’s books, but he wasn’t prepared for this.

Unlike Colin who understood his failings, Dr Hirsher treated him as she would any other visitor. As if he was a scientist, looking to upgrade his hard, and software.
‘Fascinating Doctor Hirsher, but I’m afraid most of it was over my head,’ he admitted.
She smiled ‘I am sorry, I am so used to the spiel, I forget the words are part of my world, and not everyone understands them. Colin is more used to dealing with people who may have no, or very little knowledge, about our work. Why are you here?’ She asked shrewdly.
‘I met Colin while investigating a murder.’
‘The girl who drowned in Colin’s village? He must like you to show you around himself, you are honoured.’ She smiled. ‘I’ll do my best to help, although I doubt I can help with the murder itself.’
‘My visit has nothing to do with the murder. I was interested in seeing the lab. I notice the slight accent, are you Swiss?’
‘German originally, but your hunch is correct I worked in the Swiss labs until Colin promoted me to head the laboratory here. I think you would like to ask me questions perhaps?’
‘Yes, I’m interested in what’s the speculation about the New Flu?’
Doctor Hirsher lifted her eyebrows. ‘You and everyone else, we and our friends, and colleagues, are besieged by reporters, politicians, and everyone else who thinks it is of unnatural origin.’
Michael sensed she was a little annoyed. ‘I am sorry Doctor Hirsher, you must be fed up with all the questions.’
She pulled a face. ‘It’s fine, as you are a friend of Colin ask away, but he is a lot more qualified than I.’
‘A genius?’
‘Yes, I believe so.’
‘Um, I’ve been reading about viruses, used to deliver genes to people receiving gene therapy, for medical conditions.’
‘The virus is engineered so it cannot reproduce. I like the concept, but I had no idea you were interested in science fiction?’ It was said with a smile.
‘My son is, and he’s much smarter than I, more like his mum. Yes, I’ve sat through a lot of the genre with him. I am only speculating, but could this work in reverse, say a nasty virus built to be attracted to certain genes, that are spliced into it?’
‘At the moment I’d say that isn’t possible, we are not even sure that using an adenovirus can always successfully carry the gene therapy. Although we have reason to hope, there have been excellent results. You are suggesting a mad genius is ridding the world of certain individuals, via the New Flu?’
‘It does sound like science fiction, but Colin mentioned they are looking at the DNA of each group targeted, by each of the strains of flu.’
‘It’s a logical place to start an investigation. As yet, we have no conclusion, nor any clear path to find any defining reason for the New Flu. But as scientists, like policemen, we have to search for clues, and that can take time, decades sometimes. When we know more, no doubt it will receive another name too.’
‘By then we might be extinct.’

Now what Michael was interested in, even if he expected to find very little – Colin’s private lab. It used Colin’s fingerprint and retinal scanner to let them in, which made his heart race with excitement. But once inside, it looked exactly like the public labs, but with less technology. There was an old desk, a battered leather armchair, and a fridge, and kettle. 
‘I come here to think, my father used it more than I do. It’s quiet and I can use our latest technology.’
Michael was disappointed. Nothing that pointed to alien technology, no places to hide dead body parts. ‘I suppose you work in Berne sometimes?’
‘There I have what was once my grandfather’s laboratory,’ Colin smiled.

Michael had another cup of coffee and chocolate biscuits before Colin walked him to his car. On his way back down the M4, he noticed the time was five-thirty, later than he expected. The tour has been comprehensive and time-consuming, he told his annoying niggles.



Chapter 13

Two weeks later the case was finalised, except for the Coroners Court and the whereabouts of the body. The evidence showed Damon Percy was responsible for Helena’s possible drowning. Michael and Rob Collet spoke to Father Briant, who agreed once it was made public, he would explain to his parishioners about Helena’s missing body. And possibly her mother’s grave held someone else, not Catherine. Somehow, Michael believed they wouldn’t make trouble, be as shocked or angry, as any other community would, but do what Father Briant suggested - and suggested seemed an appropriate word.

It was time to get permission for the exhumation and tell those in charge the truth. Walsh prepared and went in, while Michael waited outside to back him up with a similar story. It was a long wait, and Michael was offered coffee by the chief constable’s secretary twice, before he was called in to be interrogated.
Michael kept repeating stick to the facts, as he was shown in at last. Walsh looked pale. No one looked in the pink, except for the deputy, who looked curiously excited by the whole mess. But he was a political animal, and no doubt hoped to score points from the debacle.
The commissioner, John Vole was ex-Bristol police, Michael had exchanged pleasantries with him, but his deputy Katherine Blake worked with Michael at the Met twenty years ago.
She’d been difficult to get on with then, not surprising seeing how tough it was, and is for women in the force. She’d learned a little charm in the intervening years, making sure she had a long chat with him when he started, catching up with old times she said. She also said she’d recommended him for the job.
The assistant chief constable was not popular, but he was new, and still learning the ropes. He was very fond of his own reflection Rob Collet said, and that was repeated by others too. Peter Bradley was a twat, most of the London Road Station said when they had a few too many pints. Had to be kicked upstairs to stop him making any more mistakes, everyone nodded at that one.

John Vole asked Michael to sit down indicating a seat next to Walsh. ‘Superintendent Walsh has given us a very thorough report, but what can you add? We find it odd after the meeting you had with Smith and Webster, you didn’t file an immediate report?’
‘Yes sir, it was a difficult decision, by all parties, but like the superintendent, I thought it necessary we concentrate on catching Helena Mayne’s murderer first. Like Superintendent Walsh, I believed if it got out about the loss of the body, it might have made our on-going investigation invalid. Not to say take over as the focus of the crime, instead of the actual murder investigation.’
Bradley had to make a show of bullying. ‘How on earth would keeping the loss of one, not two bodies from us, make your investigation less valid?’
‘We needed time to make our case. We intended to pass all the information on to you as soon as the case was finalised, if it was over quickly, as we did. If it had dragged on for any reason, we would have told you everything. As with the case of Catherine Mayne, which is closely connected, and covered up by the medical examiner at the time, as well as Superintendent Walsh’s superior. Those actions continued to be a source of great stress to all those involved. It certainly is easier to report abnormalities now, than in the past. However, we cannot be sure it went higher at the time and was quashed. Both instigating parties are now deceased. And none of you had any involvement, so cannot answer for the Chief Constables Office of the day. Nor the commissioner, and there is no available paperwork, it was possibly destroyed. We, who have been in the force a long time, can list many crimes which have been side-lined because they made life too difficult to follow up for a result.’ Was Blake smiling?
‘So, what do you believe we should do now Detective Chief Inspector?’ Blake looked serious again.
‘These are not the first bodies to go missing in a murder investigation, although, usually it is mislabelling or a careless mortuary technician. However, we do have evidence from the lab workers, that both bodies were there one moment and gone the next, and we also have a missing mortuary technician, possibly another crime to be investigated. We have no evidence re Catherine Mayne’s disappearance. Instead of rational explanation, I must suggest, somehow the evidence was tampered with, by person, or person’s unknown. And we cannot find it, for whatever reason. Unless we are to assume the faeries removed the bodies and I refuse to put that in my report. I think we should exhume the body placed in Catherine Mayne’s grave, find out who she is. Apologise to everyone in the village for the gross error, and say we will continue to search for the bodies.’

Michael paused a moment as Vole poured a glass of water, he hoped he’d be offered one, no. He continued with, by now, a very dry mouth. ‘We can’t find any relatives of the Mayne family, and the local priest, Father Christopher Briant, has agreed to help with the fallout. They are a close community, and I believe they will listen to the priest and not make approaches to the press, or blame the police. I have also been following up with Sergeant Wilsher as to why the press never made it to St Athelstan to report on the murders. And why there were serious, and fatal crashes of journalists on the A246 and M4 at the time. We have followed through with colleagues of the injured and deceased as to what case they were pursuing, without success. The injured cameraman Lucas Brown has a head injury and has no memory of the incident. There was evidence of cocaine in the body of one reporter only, a Sylvia Crosby. As there has been exhaustive forensic testing on the vehicles concerned, without unusual findings, I must then assume this is a peculiar coincidence.’
Blake again, ‘Have you any personal belief as to where the bodies might be detective chief inspector?’
‘I hoped they’d be found buried in St Aethelstan’s Wood, another reason we asked for dogs. They were not found, so I must assume my theory is incorrect.’

They were dismissed, back in Walsh’s office.
‘Bloody, good work Michael, and you being Blake’s protégé, she was on your side. Bloody useless Peter Bradley is still a fool. Fancy a drink, I said we’d meet Smith and Webster and keep them in the loop.’
‘Yes sir, good idea.’
‘Please Michael, sir, only at work.’
‘I’ve had Constable O’Brien checking on possible local St Aethelstan girls who are missing, as a starting point, and she’s asked around the village too. We’ve come up with three local names. Once we tell them about the exhumation, we will take DNA and hopefully...’
‘Couldn’t be that easy could it, but St Aethelstan is strange enough. I can’t understand why the press isn’t hounding us by now? I almost believe their story about their saint protecting them, but murdering several of the gutter-press doesn’t sound very Christian, no matter the cause.’
‘Agreed sir…’

A week later the news was good, Walsh and Michael were called to see Deputy Chief Constable Blake. The body was to be exhumed. If Michael could ask the parish priest for help containing any fallout, the missing bodies would remain an open, and on-going file.

Katherine Blake asked to see Michael alone. ‘You were good to me in my early days Michael,’ she smiled. ‘I was a bitch, and you told me I’d never get on that way, whereas I thought I’d have to be one to get where I am now. But as you pointed out, a little charm works wonders. So I kept just enough of my inner bitch, so I could cope with those not as well-mannered as yourself, and became charming on the outside and you were right, I made it. When Walsh retires do you want his job?’
‘Mam, I’m not a desk man, if I never filled out another form, I’d be happy.’
‘Knew you’d say that. But when it happens, think about it, will you? It’s not long until you retire and it will help your pension. If the press gets hold of the story about the two missing Mayne bodies, we will have to do a full inquiry, and if any of the villagers make a fuss, ditto.’
‘We are aware of that Mam.’
‘What the hell happened to those journalists?  I know it looks kosher. Any trouble come straight to me as well as Walsh, I’d like to be kept in the loop anyway. Besides, it looks as if we may find we have a bigger story happening. You’ve seen the news? The New Flu has hit hard in London and is spreading fast. If it is anything like the rest of Europe, we’ll be kept busy on that for as long as it lasts.  Maybe months, and we have to be prepared some of us might catch it and if we do, we will die.’
‘And yet many don’t even get any of the symptoms, even in the same village.’
‘Yes, we’ve been briefed, just warning you it could get nasty and interfere with cases too. I hear Detective Constable O’Brien is in a relationship with a certain Professor Derwen from St Aethelstan. And he is a senior member of the worldwide task force, trying to find a vaccine?’
‘Mam, you keep your ears open. They are friends, he keeps in touch.’
‘If you find anything out let me know eh?’
‘Yes, mam.’

Michael, Collet, and O’Brien were at Sunday service, when Father Briant told the congregation the body buried as Catherine Mayne, was thought not to be her, but an unknown person.
There was silence. In case any strangers attended later mass it wasn’t repeated, and they had an early lunch at the pub, ready to go back and take questions later.
For once Teresa was silent, but she did say, ‘Doesn’t make a deal of sense why both Mayne women go missing, does it?’ She looked puzzled as if trying to remember something, then her brow cleared, and she went back to help in the kitchen.
At 4 pm, after the lunchtime strangers left the pub, most of the adult villagers went back to the church to hear what had happened. And they were asking anyone with missing family for a DNA sample.

The emotion of the villagers was like a living thing, it consisted of energy, which could be felt keenly by Michael. He joined Father Briant in front of the altar. The painful energy threatened to consume them all, but when Father Briant urged them to remain calm and ask questions after, they did.
Michael rehearsed his script over and over, but he wasn’t asked questions he’d imagined, questions any other village would ask. Such as, wasn’t this the police’s fault Helena and Catherine bodies were missing? No one asked any more about this odd occurrence, as if either they knew where, or didn’t care? But these people loved their own.
No, there was silence as everyone considered their ideas. Simon stood up and as he did the door opened and in came Colin Derwen, he closed the door carefully and stood at the back.
Simon asked simply, ‘Are they in the woods?’
‘I thought that might be the case,’ admitted Michael. ‘One of the reasons we called in the dogs, but we found nothing.’ Simon smiled as if he still believed it, and sat down again. ‘Please ask whatever you like, as Father Christopher said this morning at Mass, it will be an open case, and we will continue to look for them. We would like to keep this quiet and away from the press. Those involved in the Catherine cover-up are dead, and it looks as if they destroyed the notes pertaining to it.’ He’d expected that to make him feel dirty as if asking for a cover-up, but everyone nodded in agreement. Rob Collet was sitting at the back, confounded by the villager’s reactions.

‘Might that woman in the grave be my daughter Anne, or Jane Phillips?’ asked a man whom Rob recognised as a member of one of the farming families.
‘She could be anyone, Mr?’
‘Almond.’
‘Mr Almond, we have no idea who she might be, but if you and anyone else who has a missing relative, would see Constable O’Brien she will take your DNA. We will look at other local families missing anyone.’
This reaction was strange - he looked at Collet, who looked flabbergasted. O’Brien looked as if she knew what their reaction would be. He admitted he wasn’t surprised either. Deep down, it made him uneasy, as if the village didn’t have a mind of its own, was that it? They did as Christopher Briant and Colin Derwen wanted, why did he think Colin was like the priest, why the unease? It would haunt him, even if their attitude would save careers and a few reputations.

‘Well, that was the weirdest briefing ever, not just the church thing.’ Collet was still unsettled as he drove back, ‘Creepy, almost as creepy as this weird flu.’
Michael had the most unpleasant feeling, China, and Colin, no not again, what a ridiculous idea, silly. ‘At least Mary gets to spend time with the good Professor.’
‘Yeah, what do you think about him?’
‘Nothing to do with us, but I like him.’
‘I’ll reserve judgement. I’d like to know more about this flu though, have you heard the latest feeding frenzy, the media say it’s something that attacks certain DNA. Very complicated, they haven’t narrowed it down yet.’
That uncomfortable idea about Colin again, Michael dismissed it. ‘Yes, I heard about that on the news last night, terrifying, let’s hope it’s just picking the criminals and madmen, and making our life easier.’ Did I say that? ‘Derwen’s lot are working on it, and other scientists, but they are nowhere near coming to any conclusions.’
‘Do you believe him?’
‘Well the German doctor convinced me they are a long way off any conclusions, she seemed sure of it. The media are just doing the usual, jumping on the most convenient distraction.’

The next day the body in Catherine Mayne’s grave was exhumed. Many of the villagers were in the church praying with Father Briant, who’d advised everyone to stay indoors. Amongst the congregation were David and Elizabeth Almond.
A week later, Michael and O’Brien took them the news that the girl was their missing daughter Anne. She was not a drug addict, but a victim of an assault. She was reburied in the same grave - still no fuss.  Collet continued to question their strange behaviour, as Michael and O’Brien defended them.

The New Flu arrived again in Britain, this time getting as virulent as elsewhere. As in the rest of the world, it killed most who caught it. Army, police, medical services were on alert, all leave cancelled, and priority given to keeping a terrified populace from hysteria, and anti-social behaviour.
Michael kept in contact with Father Briant, as Mary O’Brien did with her close friend Colin Derwen. There were no cases in the village and fewer in Wiltshire, and surrounding counties, than the rest of Britain. Again, Rob Collet said it was strange, and this time, Michael and O’Brien agreed.



Chapter 14

Colin is that you? It looked like him; at least the eyes were the same bright blue colour, but his skin? Brown, as if he’d been in the sun for years, rough too like bark, what else? Colin is that you?
Who else would it be Michael? Come, have a look deep underneath the Oak. The creature, whatever it was, opened its mouth until Michael could walk inside. Spiral, wooden stairs led down and suddenly Father Briant was there. ‘Come Michael hold my hand, I’ll help you, it’s easier to get down these steps than the stone ones in the church. Did I tell you John Payne is making us new ones? It will be much easier next year, most will make it on their own. Watch your step, it’s a long way down if you remember.’ Father Briant disappeared and he was at the bottom, and it was very dark, but he felt something rubbing against his leg. It was Lordy, purring so loud it echoed around the walls; what walls, it was a huge area, with great roots like a cathedral’s pillars, a huge cathedral underground. Torches lit themselves as he followed Lordy…

‘Mike wake up, you are talking in your sleep again. Wake up, or we’ll be late.’
It was Christine, what was Christine doing here underneath the oak, the cathedral of the oak. 
‘Michael!’ he felt his dream slipping away.
‘Chris, what time is it?’
‘Nearly ten, I know it’s your first full day off since Christmas day, but if we are late picking up my mum and dad, we’ll never hear the end of it. You were having another dream, kept yelling Colin, same as you’ve done before.’
‘Was I, I remember being in the wood…’
‘Mike, you’ve been a bit - different since that case and now we are all going to St Aethelstan’s pub for lunch?’
‘O’Brien’s idea not mine, but I like the place, you will too, and your mum and dad. No flu case for over two weeks, the self-imposed curfew is over, and that’s official.’
‘I can’t believe we’ve had no deaths in the family. Nearly everyone I speak to lost someone. Strange how all those MP’s carked it, including the PM, and so many members of the aristocracy, even royalty, really odd that. Reports from over the world say powerful people are dead. The Mail did - yes, I know - a tally of the people who died. So many heads of companies and government, and even you said funny how so many of your ex-Met colleagues passed away. And I distinctly heard you exclaim in a dream, “the worst, bloody bastards are gone, and I’m not surprised about…” ‘So who are Leary and Cuttlefish I’ve never heard of them?’
‘Dawlish, and Lavery and McDonnell. Assuming the virus targets those with slippery genes.’
‘Slippery genes? Very scientific. Mind a few of the papers like the notorious Mail, are saying the same thing. And there is a rumour that a certain well-hated newspaper chief and several members of his family are gone too?’
‘Really?’
‘Really, newspapers are selling again, how ironic, everyone is rushing for new lists of the taken as they are being called.  A new TV series is already being planned they say. Now, will you get up Michael?’

Mum and Dad Wells were excited to be getting out of the house. Christmas was thin on relatives for once, and they couldn’t visit because of the threat of catching the flu.
‘Christine told us about this place, Michael, odd all those Catholics being there. We still have Catholics somewhere, although most of them went to America, according to Ancestry anyway. We liked to keep what we owned I suppose.’ Pauline talked a lot.
‘Pauline, I’m catching my death here, can we get into the car please?’ Clive, on the other hand, said very little, unless he was cold, hungry or in pain, and worse, when he was all three. He took time to get comfortable, as arthritis in his spine was playing up with the cold.
Once settled in their respective seats, Michael started the car.

Pauline wouldn’t let go. ‘What were you doing in saint, what’s the name, village for nearly a week, must have been a murder, but nothing on the local news at all.’
‘No mum, there wasn’t, a bit of a curly one, and the phone lines were often down. We found a body in the wrong grave.’ Michael replied.
‘Really, how did you do that?’
‘Mum,’ Christine was used to keeping her mother from prying too much into the sensitive areas of her husband’s job. ‘It’s still on-going, the flu got in the way.’
‘Sorry, I’ll shut up. Christine, what’s the latest on our great-grandchildren?’

Michael expected the village and pub to look different. It was over three months since his last visit, but everything looked the same, although Cromwell house was gone, neatly tidied away, the Cromwell sign gone too.
‘What a pretty place,’ Pauline again, ‘can’t believe this is practically on our doorstep, and we’ve never been here. Clive isn’t it lovely?’
‘Yes dear, are we going to sit here all day Michael? What beers are on tap?’
‘Several you like, it’s not tied to any brewery.’
‘Excellent, I need a hand to get out.’

When they walked in, Michael felt an overwhelming feeling of belonging. Colin Derwen and Mary were already waiting at the best table, close to the big fire, with plenty of room around for the older people to manoeuvre. Introductions made, Mary took over, organising the best seats for Pauline and Clive, while Colin took drink orders. Anxious to meet his friends again, Michael helped him.
‘Detective Chief Inspector Campion, it’s been too long,’ said Mark Stone smiling broadly. ‘Mass is still on, or we’d not get much chance to say hello.’
‘Mark, please call me Michael or Mike, I’m not the policeman now?’
‘I feel like I’ve known you for years anyway. Stefan, see who’s here,’ he shouted in the direction of the kitchen, and Michael was pleased to see Stefan rush out. He looked happy and healthier.
‘Stefan, looks like they are looking after you?’
‘They are sir, everyone treats me like a member of their family.’
‘He’s worth his weight, the kitchen has never been so organised. Teresa’s gone let’s decorate our rooms. She’s never had the time before. What with the kids, and running the kitchen for years. She’s spending money like it’s gone out of fashion.’
‘I heard that Mark Stone, I think the inspector will remember the 70’s look.’ Teresa came from the kitchen, and Stefan rushed back.
‘Michael, please Teresa, and knowing my wife and our mothers and sisters, even daughters, I can say you have shown a great deal of restraint.’
‘I have, hear that Mark? It’s nice to see you again, hopefully, we’ll have time for a chat, once the rush is over.’

When they sorted out the drinks, Rob Collet and his wife Meredith arrived. Pauline and Clive already knew Mary, Rob, and Meredith, and soon everyone was chatting away, except Clive, who was more interested in his beer.
Pauline, always curious, was ready to ask again about what kept them here for several days. But her daughter knew her well and stopped her before it became an embarrassing silence. Colin stood by the now crowded bar, waiting for the drinks.
‘Very handsome man Mary, very nice, is this an occasion?’
Mary’s eyes twinkled, one of her grandmothers was similar to Pauline, ‘No Pauline, we’ve hardly got to know each other, he’s been working on the flu.’
‘So I’ve heard. All those rumours about important people dying, what does Colin think is happening?’
‘There’s a short report being prepared, and will be made public Monday. And it will be at least two years before a full scientific report is completed and published, maybe longer. Colin and I don’t talk about it much.’ Pauline gave her a little simpering look, and was then interrupted by Christine, asking Mary how her family had coped with the virus.
‘Lucky, no-one close Mrs C, a few distant relatives in Ireland but we were lucky. You too I hear.’
Pauline interrupted before Christine could stop her, ‘Were they nice people, these relatives of yours, or people in power?’
‘Now you mention it, Cousin Liam was a mayor and he, his wife, and half his children died. I haven’t met them, but my dad said his wife was ghastly, bossy and rude, and Liam was always finding another way of making money, at someone else’s expense. Dad did his best to avoid them when he took a trip home.’
Pauline was just about to say, how interesting, but the look on her daughter’s face stopped her.

After an excellent lunch, and meeting many of the friends they’d made, and looked like keeping, in St Aethelstan, Colin insisted they come back to his house for coffee. Clive couldn’t make the walk to the old tree and stayed behind with Mary while she made the coffee. Everyone else made it to the old oak, said all the right things, and then, as it was getting cold, walked back to the house.

Michael was alone with Colin. ‘Do you know what’s going on with this weird New Flu Colin, and why it’s killed so many important people? How many died, any idea yet?’
‘So many questions you patiently ask me again. As yet, we can only work on the figures we’re given. I’d suggest more secretive governments will not give us the real figures, nor say who has died, but estimates are four to five hundred million.’
Michael was deeply shocked, ‘That many?’
‘And you also want to ask, why are the prisons around the world so badly affected by the virus. As well, as the rich and greedy, those who abuse power, those who are guilty of great crimes, and have never been caught.  Those who have no desire to help others, those who cheat, those who deceive the stupid. Those who are stupid, and so driven to support the mad, the cruel, the greedy, the people who might help them be the same as they, one day…’
‘My conclusions are somehow a genius has created a virus; a virus that attacks certain sets of genes, and so culls those its creator wants rid of.’
‘Even your mother-in-law has come to that conclusion… Michael, you are shivering, we should catch the others up, you like the woods too much my friend.’
‘I do, it’s so peaceful here. I used to hate all the green, the emptiness, I wanted to go back to my comfort zone in London. I’ve changed, now I can’t imagine why I liked the concrete over the living, and there is so much life here,’ Michael laughed.

‘What a wonderful house, so old and his family have lived there since it was built,’ enthused Pauline on the drive back, while, as usual, Clive nodded off to sleep. ‘Mary has done alright for herself there, isn’t he handsome, and just the right amount of mysterious.’
‘Why mysterious mum?’ Michael had to ask.
‘Not sure, can’t quite put my finger on it, but believe me, he is more than he seems.’
Pauline fell asleep too, was it only he who felt a fear he could not explain? Then Christine touched his arm and smiled, and suddenly all was well, if not in the world at large, at least in his small corner.

‘Sir?’ said O’Brien one day as they drove to check on the death of an old man, his daughter said was due to neglect at a nursing home. ‘Your wife says you dream about the village all the time.’
‘Does she?’
‘What do you dream about?’
‘No idea, can’t remember anything, why, do you dream about it?’
‘Yes, although it doesn’t seem connected. I dream I’m in space, travelling fast, one of many lights, I suppose you’d call them, but all different. We arrive at what looks like Earth, but there are volcanos and lava everywhere, we rush towards it, then I wake up.’
‘Doesn’t sound familiar. Although Chris says I am often shouting either Colin, or Father Christopher, or Lordy.’
‘The cat!’ O’Brien laughed and suddenly any perceived threat disappeared - again.



Chapter 15

The preliminary report came out, and as Colin suggested, the total figure of deaths around the world was more likely to be nearer five-hundred million. Perhaps more.
It wasn’t Avian Flu, it was something they’d never seen before. As many suspected, this new virus was thought to cling onto parts of the human genome. Only those with certain genes were infected, and nearly always died. It was assumed the few who survived had a few of the genes it liked, but not the full complement.
Many around the world surmised this already, and wanted to know more, and what these deadly genes were. So many powerful, rich, and many on the wrong side of the law, died. As yet the official scientific reports were unpublished, but plenty were making money out of “explanations”.
News programs and papers were coming out with statistics of people who’d died. The public eagerly waiting for each new list, almost forgot the victims. Their curiosity had taken over their grief, perhaps that would come later. Ceremonies around the world held over many mass graves.

Many more DNA samples were taken, but it would take a long time to find out what the virus liked, and didn’t.  Unfortunately, the virus could not be stored, no matter what they tried. All they had were digital copies. It was almost as if the actual victims would be forgotten, in the obsession with who had what genes, and would they be susceptible to a reoccurrence. The scientists kept saying they were working towards a conclusion, but as yet no genes were identified, and no-one believed that either.
Governments, the world over, were affected, but most formed limited government. In a few months after the last deaths, people no longer felt threatened and went back to their old lives. They remembered people who were gone, and instead of missing them, they wondered why they’d died, looking for signs of criminality in all of them. Losing so many politicians, they’d always said could not be trusted. Many expected war, one country would blame another, but so far, the always brittle peace held.

Over the next six months, Michael found life slipped back into the old routine, but without as much violence and crime. St Aethelstan’s village and The Oak pub were part of the off-duty routine for the investigation group, including their families. Even Rob succumbed to its charm, and Meredith kept an ever-vigilant eye on the real estate, in case a cottage came up for sale.
In the middle of a lovely, balmy August Sunday at the pub, Mary and Colin announced their upcoming engagement and party. It was to be held in the woods if the weather permitted. If not in the house and everyone in the village, as well as Mary’s family and friends, were invited to the party.

Stefan hung lights over the old oak, and the trees stood guard around it. John Payne rigged the lights up to the mains, and a marque in the garden in case it rained. It didn’t rain, of course, it wouldn’t, thought Michael.
Christine volunteered to drive, her parents didn’t like to stay up late so she would come back after dropping them home. She encouraged Michael to let his hair down a little, was that a good idea he wondered?

The engaged couple were beautiful and handsome, and the trees sparkled with lights, as if echoing the mood. It reminded Michael of the fairy king and queen, and he started silently quoting Midsummer Night’s Dream,

First, rehearse your song by rote,
To each word a warbling note:
Hand in hand, with fairy grace,
Will we sing, and bless this place

Now, until the break of day,
Through this house, each fairy stray.
To the best bride-bed will be:
And the issue there create
Ever shall be fortunate.

Colin had to be Oberon, and Titania Mary, and Lordy Puck, or was Puck Father Briant?

‘Sir?’ It was O’Brien.
‘Here at your party, I am Michael.’
‘Yes, you are. Has Mrs C taken her parents’ home?’
‘Yes, she’ll be back though.’
‘I don’t know what you are doing, but I saw your lips moving,’ she gave him her usual cryptic look.
‘Shakespeare Mary.’
‘Ah, which one?’
‘A Midsummer-Night’s Dream.’
‘Good choice thought you didn’t remember any Shakespeare, say it aloud.’ He did.

‘Very good choice, this place has a magical feel, shame it’s August, not June. Stop trying to remember schoolboy Shakespeare, and come and talk to my dad. He’s had a bit too much to drink and I’m frightened he might say something to Colin.’
‘What, everyone else says you couldn’t get a better man than Colin.’
‘I know, but dad’ll be quoting The Dream too soon, he’s already called Colin Oberon a few times.’
‘How odd.’
‘Not really, it’s this magical wood. Come on and talk to him, while my mum’s leading the folk dancing. No idea she knew folk dancing, what a Pagan night we are having in this Catholic place.’
‘The last thing this place is, is anything to do with Christianity, don’t you think?’
‘Yes I do Michael,’ Mary answered softly, ‘it’s as Pagan as our early ancestors.’
‘And you like it, Mary.’ It was a statement, not a question.
‘So do you. In St Aethelstan’s church, you didn’t find God again, I knew that.’
‘What did I find?’
‘What you’ve been looking for, what Chris knows you‘ve been looking for, your soul. You’ve been years in the Met, seen things even I can barely imagine, and you kept your goodness and kindness, Michael Campion. And here in this strange, ancient wood, you found yourself again. Doesn’t matter what it is, as long as it gives comfort, and it’s a good place. There’s not a man, nor beast with any evil in his heart here.’
‘I wonder sometimes…’
‘Hush. Go and talk to my dad and get pissed together, never seen you out of control my dear sir. Let this night be it.’

Patrick O’Brien, having spent most of his life in England, became Irish only when he had a few drinks, and he was getting more and more Irish with each one. He’d slowed down, his daughter noticed, but she’d have to keep him away from Colin’s whisky in the kitchen, even if it wasn’t Irish. When he was sober he liked a scotch, but now he’d mutter Colin’s wasn’t whiskey with an e. He liked Colin when he was sober, but he was drunk and things were dark in this night wood. So now Colin was Oberon, and menacing to mere humans. And more so to his lovely, clever daughter and he repeated this to Michael.

‘Well Mike, great to see you again, it’s been a while, early Christmas drinks wasn’t it, just before the flu got weird. It did a bit of good, got rid of some right bastards eh? I’d have never guessed they were - whatever they were. Mind, they say there are still dubious types left, and everyone’s waiting for the next bout, not me mind. People don’t realise they might have those evil genes themselves, switched off as it were, am I right?’ He gave Michael no time to reply before launching into his piece of Shakespeare. He almost sang it in the Irish accent from his childhood.

‘Flower of this purple dye,
Hit with Cupid’s archery,
Sink in apple of his eye,
When his love he doth espy…’
Patrick stopped, struggling to remember. Michael finished it.
‘Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky,
When thou wak’st, if she be by,
Beg of her for remedy.’

‘He’s stolen my girl Mike, put a spell on her,’ he pointed at Mary. ‘And so has this wood, you see it too, I know you do. You’ve been dreaming too, never sure if you are asleep, or awake when ye’re dreaming neither.’ He looked over at his daughter. ‘Stolen you he has, taken you to his underworld.’
‘Oh da, don’t be daft, you and mum love Colin.’
‘When I’m sober I do, when I’m drunk he’s… whatshisname, Mike me darling?’
‘Oberon? No, Patrick, Colin’s not Oberon.’
‘No, you know what I think? He’s not human, and he and his kind are getting rid of us mortals with this flu, and building a fairy world. My lovely daughter will be a fearful, fairy queen.’
‘Sorry Michael, dad always talks through his hat when he’s had too much. I’ll get him inside and let him snooze, when he wakes he won’t remember a word of what he said. Daft old bugger, and hopeless at Shakespeare. Come on da, while you can still walk.’

Michael wasn’t alone, the party was in full swing around him, but he felt as if everyone else might occupy the same space but in a different dimension. Full swing party, he thought again, imagining a swing intertwined with flowers as Mary, or Titania, swings ever higher, with an assortment of woodland animals and birds trying to keep hold…
‘Michael, have we been over-generous with the beer, I’ve never seen Patrick quite like that, how are you?’ Colin took Patrick’s seat.
‘Chris says I need to let my hair down, it’s been a very bad year, worlds gone mad at best. At worst, I’ve lost colleagues and friends, mainly from the Met, cousins on dad’s side and an uncle too. I’ve never met Uncle Sebastian, but think I should feel sorry, even if dad couldn’t stand him, funny, isn’t it? Patrick thinks you are Oberon.’
‘I heard,’ he smiled, ‘Can you imagine any man being able to make Mary O’Brien do anything she didn’t want to?’
Michael shook his head. ‘No, she’s like my wife, you are a lucky man.’
‘I know. We hope to marry on Midsummer’s Day next year, in the church, and then have a thoroughly Pagan celebration here, what do you think?’
‘I think Pagan suits this place better than Christian.’
‘You are a smart man, and here comes your wife to claim you for a dance. I’d better help my soon to be wife with her father, who thinks I’m a fairy when he’s drunk.’

Michael and Christine left just after two o’clock. Michael did his best to let his hair down, but after speaking to Colin it appeared he was sober again. He added a few wines to his earlier beers, still nothing, odd, he felt detached too.
‘You seem as sober as I am Mike?’ Chris pointed out.
‘Um, you noticed, I was doing ok, and then I must have drunk myself sober,’
‘No such thing. While you are listening, I’m going to London to see your mum tomorrow. She’s stressed out after a few friends and members of your dad’s family, died from the flu, and she’s frailer than my dad.’
‘Time for plan B?’ suggested Michael.
‘Yes, she needs to sell the London home, and as your siblings are now either retired in France or working in Canada, it’s up to us isn’t it?’
‘Yes, it is.’
‘So if it’s alright with you, we find her somewhere near us? Her house should be worth millions, but houses are not selling like they were. She’ll have enough for a small house or a smart flat in an old country mansion. Everything will come down accordingly, so she can use the left-over money to help look after her independence, and organise a cleaner, perhaps a housekeeper, with luck your mum can cover the costs.’
‘Do I leave too much to you, Chris?’
‘I haven’t given up on taking up my career again. I’ve been offered a job. People are traumatised by the epidemic, losing friends and family. And if they lost no-one, many are terrified of another bout coming this winter. So I’ve been asked to join a new government set-up, and help organise a call centre. People ring in, and if necessary, they are referred to me, or another psychologist in their area. It’s not well paid, and I could offer my services free, but they might expect more to do the same, and it’s not right to add that pressure to other applicants. I’m lucky we can manage, but our savings are still going down, and I was thinking of opening up a practice again. I might do both.’
‘Good idea, it’s like living in a dream sometimes.’
‘Are you coping Mike?’
‘Yes, I’m fine, like you wondering if we get another hit again this winter.’
‘Odd isn’t it, and convenient. As if nature has ordered its chaos to get rid of a nasty parasite, us that is?’ Christine said it as if she were on the outside looking in.
‘Are we parasites?’
‘Not all of us, but some people are interested in those nasty things, like power, greed, or plain evil.’
‘And a lot of them died in the last plague? Don’t you find that as disturbing as I do Chris?’
‘Yes Mike, the only assumption any rational being can make is, someone or something is behind it. I can’t believe in a higher being, as we describe them – so, it’s a human doing it - have to be damned clever though.’
‘Wouldn’t they?’
‘Oh, I nearly forgot, Mrs Ward tells me Margaret Charlesworth gave the Percy estate to the village. AND, this is interesting, although most of the land will be used for market gardens, and a few smallholdings or allotments. Where the house stood they plan to build new houses, the first for nearly three-hundred years.’
‘Meredith might get her wish after all, but didn’t she want a cottage?’
‘Oh they’ll be “in-keeping,” Mrs Ward tells me. I suppose some of the children won’t have to move out of the village.’



Chapter 16

The next wave of the virus hit early October. This time, China was spared the first cases, instead, South America was the new focus. There was a plan ready, but it didn’t matter about isolating victims, or countries, because it appeared to disperse via the prevailing winds. Michael’s mother sold her house. Because it was in a fashionable part of London, she almost got what it was worth. There were too many houses now for too few people, and many industries were suffering. Jobs were short too, many were out of work.
His mother lived with them temporarily. Her boxes and furniture in any spare space in their garage, and shed, and a large loft. She was very thankful to be out of London where the virus always hit hardest.

Michael went alone to The Night of the Winds, as if he were seeking absolution again. Christine was interested in going too but was very busy with the new project. Everyone was terrified, the virus had come again, and millions more would die, would it be them this time, or would it be their children?
Mary was there too, but Rob was on call. One day he’d get here, and experience the winds, for Meredith wanted to feel it too.
They’d good news about a cottage. Colin owned the Mayne home and offered to sell it to them. Was it only Michael who thought it odd, they’d want the Mayne house? They were not superstitious, and when they’d finished renovating it would bear no resemblance to the murdered women’s home - still. Everything was working out perfectly, too perfectly?

The night was easier when you knew what to expect, and the new wooden steps meant no-more lavatory duty. He chatted with his friends in the church, then after midnight visited the pub via the tunnel, to say hello to his other friends, finally he sat next to Mary.
‘Where’s Colin?’
‘Reading Head-Office, he’s sleeping there most nights. They’ve banned all air travel unless military, but he still may have to go to the U.S.’
‘What’s it this time?’
‘Same, but different genes involved.
‘Of course.’
‘I feel calm sir, as if I’m disconnected from everything as if I’m reading a book or watching a film.’
‘Same here, and my wife is too busy to fit me in for treatment, although I’m sure she’d make an exception in your case.’
‘You’re a psychologist too.’
‘I have a degree, but that doesn’t make me one. I know a little, but you’ve to keep working at something to be good at it.’ A huge howl, like an army of banshees, was coming, rocked the pub. ‘What the hell is this Mary, and why am I sitting here, watching Rufus snore, as if nothing’s happening. Perhaps it isn’t - perhaps it’s a dream only humans can dream, perhaps Rufus just dreams of bones and chasing cats.’
‘I feel as if we are at the centre of the world, and if we stay here we will be safe. There that’s it, we’re safe here, what does that mean?’
‘Colin is Oberon after all?
Mary laughed, ‘Well, as you can see I’m no Titania.’

‘On the ground
Sleep sound:
I’ll apply
To your eye
Gentle lover, remedy.’

‘Puck?’
‘I think I preferred Hamlet, Mary.’

A billion died this time. Still, the birds sang, the bees buzzed, but with renewed vigour.  Still, the flowers came. Still, the cows chewed, the pigs snuffled. Many barking, meowing pets, rehoused by volunteers. Only humans were silent. If not for the internet, there would be no outpouring of grief, even madness. Another preliminary report came out, but at this rate, they’d never get to finish the final.
This time, it was another set of genes, and it affected the same people as the first. Michael wasn’t the only one thinking what will happen when they run out of anti-social types, will it hit the good next time? Somehow, even in the horror, those left coped well, surprisingly well.

Next year it was two billion.  Most governments now ruled by the military, or what was left of it. Religious zeal was not as fervent as it might be. Religions lost many preachers, priests, bishops. As if they needed to lose their tight, unyielding grip on the believers, the mad ones were the first to go. The bishops, priests, and preachers left, now spoke of love, not hate.

Mary and Colin married the next midsummer because Mary was pregnant. It was a year later than planned. A baby was now a rarity. The virus had a side-effect, those who hadn’t caught the virus were having trouble conceiving, naturally or artificially.
Statistics showed less than a quarter of babies being born, after taking into consideration the reduced numbers. Many towns were empty. London lost half its population.  Another two plagues reduced the total population of Britain, to half what it had been. If his mother hadn’t moved away when she did, even her lovely house would be worthless and empty, slowly falling into decay.

St Aethelstan’s village felt as calm and peaceful as ever, as if untouched by the terror in the real world. This welcome wedding would be a huge party, even bigger than their engagement. Every villager with a spare room took guests. Mrs Ward, the elderly widow over the road from the pub, was taking in Michael and Christine, and their parents. They had time to park the car, and for Michael to carry in everyone’s bags, before walking to the church.
It was full, only the old were seated, everyone else stood, and many stood outside. Michael noticed a few who’d already been to the pub, sneaked in the false confessional door, down to the conveniences.

It was a glorious Midsummer Day, and the colours of the women’s clothes shone even brighter in the sun. Colin’s best man was Stefan Prabucki, the young Polish man the village had taken to its heart, or was it its soul.
There is more soul here than heart thought Michael. And with the passing of those who once controlled our land, there is more heart now in Britain, perhaps the world. Perhaps this was a deliberate plot to cure the planet, and save the human race?
The sun struck him in the face, and the church was one mass of vibrant colour and more.  A feeling of great delight, renewal, and Colin was looking at him, smiling wide. The small organ started and Colin turned back to the front. There was a sudden rustling as if they had all been too still, waiting for the bride, and they could wait no longer. In walked Mary on her father’s arm.  This man was about to give his daughter to Oberon, and he was aware of that deep down as I am, and yet we are not afraid…

He’d been to many weddings, but none like this. He had a desire to cry again, just as he had at his first mass here, and looked at his wife. A few tears slowly rolled down her cheeks, he took her hand in his. If Colin were as lucky as he, they would be blessed, and Mary was one of the best he knew.
The church may be bathed in sunbeams, but no-one was blinded. It was as if their eyes were truly open, and he looked at his feet. Lordy sat on his foot like their old dog Monty used to do when his mother was preparing food. He felt the cat purring, the vibrations echoing through his shoes. When he retired they would have a dog again, a cat too, they’d always been too busy to look after animals. Apart from a stray dog, their son brought home, and they’d not had the heart to say no to. The pain the family felt when Scrag died was still felt today. They’d had his bowl and collar and lead in the kitchen drawer in the London house, he wondered if Christine threw them away when they moved?
It was as if they were in slow motion as he watched Mary walk down the aisle. She looked beautiful, no sign yet of the baby in her carefully fashioned dress. Mary would look beautiful in a sack. Slowly, too slowly, she passed. Her father looked proud, the two bridesmaids, he hadn’t yet met, smiling broadly.
He took it in and yet remained separate, until everyone followed the couple out into the now very bright sun, for the first photos. Then everyone escaped into the pub for canapés and a drink before the reception at the house.

Teresa was not at the bar, and Michael heard a noise coming from the kitchen when he finally made it to the bar to be served.’
‘Is Teresa doing the catering Mark, thought you had help?’
‘Just organising it, we’ve got staff from an agency in Devizes, we often use for big receptions and parties. They finish at midnight, so we’ll have to tidy up tomorrow, one son, you haven’t met yet, is here to help. I’ll introduce you later, the other is still stuck in Africa.’
‘Heard from him lately?’
‘Yesterday, he’s fine. The usual historical problems seem to have settled down, one good thing this virus has helped get rid of all those crazies. He says things are much better than they were a few years ago. Makes you think eh? Sorry Mike, can’t stop…’

 Christine organised their parents on chairs. ‘Dad can’t sit down on a hard seat for long.’
‘I’ll get a padded chair from Teresa’s office, she won’t mind.’
He brought out a small armchair. ‘Here you are Clive, I’ll find out what chairs they have at the reception, and get you a cushion in case it’s not soft enough.’
‘A lot are leaving already.’ Clive pointed to the younger St Aethelstan’s walking in the direction of Colin’s house.
‘We have parking, don’t worry, it’s all sorted, one thing this village is good at, is logistics.’

There was a large marque set-up in the small field at the front of Colin’s house. They found their table, and Clive and Pauline made a big fuss getting comfortable. Michael’s mother Dorothy stood back and waited until they settled. Rob and Meredith soon joined them, and Michael ordered drinks and asked to be excused a short while, and took his wine to the oak.
‘Hello, old friend how are you?’
‘Who is asking, ah its our friend Michael. Oh dear, did I frighten you, you know I’m here. Sit down before you drop your wine.’ 
Michael did so, falling heavily onto the bench. ‘Colin?
‘No, you always get us confused Michael. I’m not the tree, and neither is Colin, we just live here. Colin likes to be human, and I like to be a tree. Although I move outside, so to speak, and take a different shape, now and then, for a change.’
‘What are you?’
‘Souls you call them, most humans don’t have one you know, not unless you are, what you call an old soul, then you have a baby soul.  Most stay babies. Some, however, like you, are very old indeed, and are renewed many times, and so remember something of past lives. Although you would have explored this earlier if you had lived somewhere like India or Nepal, according to Colin. You prefer to ignore the obvious. You’d better go back, your wife senses something unusual. Oh, too late Michael, here she comes.’

‘Mike, are you asleep?
‘I hope so because I was having a very odd dream, the tree was talking to me.’
‘Michael?’
‘I was dreaming, the sun sent me to sleep, you know how relaxing this place is.’
‘Thought you might be here, they are bringing up tables and chairs, we’d better get back and out of their way.
‘Poor tree, it prefers Mozart, to a DJ.’ Michael laughed, but Christine didn’t look convinced.



Chapter 17

Michael couldn’t stop thinking about what he’d seen in the woods, he was doing his best to concentrate on what was being said to him but failing.
‘Michael, are you feeling well?’ It was his mum, Dorothy, who knew as much about her son as did his wife. The women were giving each other those deliberate, blank looks.

He was rescued by Colin, who was doing the rounds with Mary. Everything stopped, everything, only he and Michael were not stuck in time.
‘Michael?’
‘Does everyone in St Aethelstan have a soul Colin?’
‘Yes, those who have lived here for generations do, that’s what makes this village so different. It’s not the only place like it. There are many small communities the world over, just like this, and millions more like me. They might speak different languages, look different, have different customs, but deep down they have the same beliefs we do, and those humans have souls. They spread a tiny bit of that soul into their young until one day those souls are large enough to reproduce too. It’s our greatest gift to your species.’
‘Like you?’
‘No we have always been souls, tiny, bright, luminescent spore-like creatures, and in time we became what you call sentient, became souled. But our planet did not support life such as yours, and we wanted to experience a life other than the mud we lived in. We were conscious but could go no further on our planet, experience nothing more, and we needed new ideas. A few stayed, happy with their home, but most set off in different directions. A group of us settled on your Earth, long before it could support even simple life and we flourished. And were happy, even happier when with our help this world created life, and much later, the joy when we encouraged the early humans, early apes to become great, they became our hands and we, their invention, their inspiration.
But to survive we knew these wild creatures had to be cruel at first, and that innate cruelty became stupidity as they took new strides into technology.
Now they threaten our home, and this planet’s been our home for billions of years, long before there was air to breathe. We are getting rid of the old survival genes, you no longer need them. Then we will start a new race. It will be wondrous Michael, you will fly to the stars as we came from them, and now forget, just dream dear friend. At least for now…’

Colin was smiling at a joke Michael couldn’t remember and then turned to Pauline, who was asking him about the artificial dance floor laid next to the marque.
‘Amazing ideas they have nowadays, why you can have a dance anywhere,’ Pauline enthused.
‘Well you must ask Michael to dance,’ said Clive, I won’t last two minutes.
‘You can just stand and wave your arms dad,’ said Christine with a grin, I doubt we’ll be doing the waltz.
Clive glared at his daughter.

A great feeling of communal relief was palpable as the reception proper was over, and the DJ started. Rob and Meredith made their excuses to the older ones and hit the floor. It was time for those who wanted less volume and quickly tired of dancing, to move to the chairs and tables in the trees, where it was quieter. It was nearly dark, and Stefan’s lights in the branches became brighter as the sun disappeared. They found a table, made Clive’s chair comfortable with cushions. Soon after they’d settled, a waiter brought each table a tray of nibbles and asked if anyone wanted a refill.
‘I don’t know about the rest of you but this is the best wedding party I’ve ever been to, and isn’t Mary beautiful? Her father can’t hold his drink can he, he only just made his speech, so odd for an Irishman, don’t you think? He must be lying down in the house,’ Pauline waited for comment but none came.

A peaceful silence ensued until the waiter came back with their drinks.
‘Did you see that?’ Clive said suddenly, and then pointed, ‘must be glow-worms - look, not seen any since I was a boy.’
Everyone looked, there were lights, glimpsed as a flicker between the trees.
‘Fairy’s more like, remember the engagement. Dorothy, you weren’t here,’ Christine smiled, ‘when Patrick O’Brien accused Colin of being Oberon.’ Everyone laughed. Michael hoped no-one would notice his laughter was false.
Then Clive, of all people quoted;
‘If we shadows have offended,
Think but this and all is mended,’
Then Dorothy said, ‘I doubt if many of us will ever be mended, after what’s happened lately.’
Everyone was silent, ashamed they’d forgotten the victims, as they were now being called, if many in their hearts were glad, some of those people no longer terrified their victims.
‘No, you are right mum, but it’s good to forget for a while,’ said Chris.
Yes, sorry everyone,’ Dorothy apologised. ‘Chris is right, this is a happy time, and I doubt I’ll ever forget sitting here in the woods, under fairy lights, drinking champagne.’
Everyone agreed.

Christine took their parents and Mrs West back just after ten, left the car there and hitched a ride on the shuttle, a taxi hired by the village to run inebriated guests back and forth. It dropped her back at the party.
When she returned to Michael, she had a full glass of champagne in her hand and sat down with a contented sigh. ‘Dad escaped up the stairs in amazingly quick fashion as soon as we got back, from the look of the ladies, they were settling down for a long chat. I’d swear he could run. The music’s slower, but I doubt you want a dance.’
‘If you want one, I do?’
‘So gallant Mike, but no, like you I’d prefer to sit here amongst the trees. You’re right, it’s a peaceful place. I feel - oh I nearly went all New Age, and said one with the trees. The taxi’s a good idea, now I can have a drink. When do Colin and Mary disappear?’
Michael woke from his half-stupor. ‘Midnight, no-one knows where they are going, they might even make it overseas.’
‘So many airlines went broke in those six months nobody flew. Not to mention how no-one wanted to fly once the isolation was lifted, now everyone wants a non-existent seat. But there’s nothing wrong with Britain, at least when the sun shines.’
Lordy suddenly leapt up on the table, purring loud, as usual, sat, and then lay down and stared.
‘Goodness Lordy,’ Christine laughed, ‘you do wander far from home.’

They lost the commissioner as well as Bradley, and Katherine Blake asked Michael to take on the deputy position when she moved up. Any other time he would have refused, but the number of suitable candidates was small. Rob took over Michael’s job, but Mary didn’t come back when her daughter was born. The “flu” came again, but this time, only half a million died and everyone was grateful, then they remembered half a million more had gone. The world was getting complacent.
Like many other professions, the Police were managing with more than half its workforce gone. Crime was down, so much so it felt unreal, dreamlike. Still no war, no-one blaming another for the outbreaks. Although a report came out saying it was unlikely the virus was of natural origin, i.e. it was man-made. Many didn’t want to believe it, no sane person could do such a thing. Like climate change, it was a step too far for most. However, when in the next year another two billion were lost, those voices were suddenly silent. A few noted and wondered. Now climate change halted naturally. The oceans would slowly recover. Coal mining exchanged for wind and sun, as many dreamed of in a more crowded world. Yet in the win for common-sense, there was guilt so many died, to achieve what was unachievable just a few years ago.

Michael’s dreams continued to haunt him. So he did as Christine and his mother insisted and went to see an old friend Howard Lane, who used hypnotherapy as part of his treatment. Michael was at university with him, so the visit was both a pleasure and a terror.
After a quick catch-up about old times, Howie got down to business. ‘Difficult times Mike? I think it will be a few generations before we are free of it. If there is anybody left? What do you think?’
‘I’m an optimist Howie, there will be enough left, and no, I’m not ridden with guilt I’m still here.’
Howie nodded, ‘You’ve decided to stay at work?’
‘No real choice, experienced officers are in short supply. A few came out of retirement as mentors, until we can recruit and move the best up. As soon as that’s done, I’m leaving the police.  I’ll help Chris and perhaps work in the local Life after Loss call-centre, they always need help. Can’t get enough advisors, most can’t hack it for long.’
‘We are all overwhelmed, you could always practice.’
‘Howie, I’ve never practised. I decided to be a cop.’
‘And so are very qualified, you know more about life than I do, here in my pleasant office. Before the virus, I could count on one hand all my clients with a real problem. I knew those who needed me wouldn’t be seeking my help, it wasn’t the most comforting realisation.’
‘Howie, can we get the scary bit over with?’

‘Well,’ Michael asked, ‘what did I say?’
‘Nothing exciting.’
‘Really?’ Michael was surprised.
‘You went on about how finding St Aethelstan’s village changed your life. Helped you cope with the move, and you liked the people there. Then, how you didn’t need to become a Catholic again, because there was something better. You couldn’t explain what that was, but as I have a few lapsed Catholics on my books, I put that down to early trauma.’ Howie was making a joke and Michael smiled. ‘Nothing about trees at all, Chris says you are obsessed by a forest?’
‘Wood,’ Michael corrected him. ‘I suppose it might look that way. After most of my life living in the city, I had trouble coping with anything green. I walked in this wood and suddenly felt at home, at peace, is that so unusual?’
‘No, sounds healthy. I’ll report back to Chris. You’re my last client, and I’ve got a new beer in my fridge I haven’t tried yet, join me. I know you prefer beer to a good red.’

Christine wasn’t convinced all was well with her husband. ‘Well, I have to go along with Howie, but you are still having bad dreams.’
‘He thinks it’s about the virus, fear of it coming again, and I feel safe in St Aethelstans because no-one’s died.’
‘Once that would have filled you with suspicion. You’d be looking at it and asking why?’
‘Could be anything. Wiltshire has fewer deaths than average. You saw the documentary, those with certain surnames have fewer deaths than others. If it’s in the genes, it makes sense.’
Christine had to agree and nodded. ‘Meredith’s pregnant at last, Mary just rang. Their baby will be born just after Mary and Colin’s, they’re not having any trouble conceiving in St Aethelstans are they? ’
Michael just smiled, and didn’t answer Christine’s real question.



Chapter 18

It was a lovely summer’s day, when Michael and Christine drove to Colin and Mary’s house, one of the many visits made to the village. They were firm friends.  Christine and Mary took mugs of tea into the garden while they chatted, and watched Silvana and young Michael playing. The men took their usual walk to St Aethelstan’s Oak, before going to the pub for lunch with Rob, Meredith and their young son Sam.
Colin had more wooden benches, so groups could sit and talk while admiring the old tree. Michael always wondered how old the tree was.
Then the woods shimmered, and he thought he saw movement as if a shadow flitted, but a shadow made of sunlight. It happened every time he was here, and it no longer worried Michael, as it once had.
Both men sensed it was time. Michael waited a long time to remember the truth, to bear the truth.
‘Is it time?’ Michael asked. ‘I’m not ready to die just yet.’
Colin laughed, ‘No, my friend you are not, you’ve still a good, long life ahead.’
‘Then it is time, what happened in those three hours I lost when we first met.’
‘I told you the truth many times. It remains in your subconscious and in your dreams. I’ll repeat it, and if you wish not to remember, I can make it disappear again.’
‘And I’ll still have the dreams? What if the truth is too hard to live with?
‘Entirely your choice. You have questions just as you did at the start, but the questions have changed.’
‘As have I. I didn’t ask the same questions that first time, because it hadn’t yet happened. Are you responsible for the plagues?
‘Yes, as you know in dreams, and without.’
‘The plagues killed so many, we can’t cope with everything that entails, and why is this village free of it and this part of the country has fewer cases?  You’d just come back from China when it started, and they say it only attacks people with certain predispositions and so is genetic, perhaps artificial. You are a geneticist, and I am a policeman.’
‘That is what you concluded, and kept forgetting. Each year the virus changed slightly and attacked another set of markers, and if you’ve noticed I haven’t been to China again.’
‘I’ve noticed. Are you then denying you let it out the box, so to speak?’
‘No Michael, I’m responsible. It was kinder to cull humans this way, than dreadful destruction that would set country against country, they’d never recover. The best of humans are working together now - look at Mark Stone’s son, for an example. He’s gone back to Africa, to help distribute aid, with many just like him, a good and kind man. I am four generations of biologist, but I’m more, my people created humans. Billions of years ago, we found this Earth and made a home. Eventually, creations we imagined could breathe the new air, and finally, become the people we recognise today. I am very proud of our achievements, past, and present.’
‘I need to forget it again.’ Michael was suspicious, it seemed preposterous a good man like Colin would do such a dreadful thing as killing most of the human race. Even more disconcerting, his kind created those they destroyed, and so had a legitimate reason for improving on the original.
‘No, not yet, there’s much more to tell you. Then you can decide whether or not you are ready to remember these words, I’ve repeated to you so often. Every time you want to forget again, will you want to forget this time too? One day you will be ready to join those who wish to have the truth. Another grief, on top of the terror of the destruction of so many of your race. Grief, which says most of you failed as humans. Michael, don’t despair, many of you surpassed any expectations we had of you.
I will tell you again. I sent a new, very virulent strain each year because humans and my kind are at war. For millennia we co-existed, we were loved, revered, and in places, shamans still dance and tell our story, but they are the minority in this modern world. Many peoples were conquered, and the conquerors wanted more and more land, to plant crops or build cities, or rip what they saw as riches from the earth. We moved away, for there was no place in a cruel world for those who love all the things that make up this wondrous world. We were no longer necessary, no longer loved, finally, we had to fight back or die. We could leave, the same way we arrived, but this is our planet. We made it, and everything in it. We made you, perhaps we should have left you in your trees. Not used your potential to make a better creature - a thinking man. For making you we are in danger of killing everything else here.  We are culling you slowly when I could kill every human on this planet in a few months. But this way, those who deserve another chance, can adapt better to a new world, a better world, I will make sure of it.’
Michael felt sick. ‘What are you?’
‘Call me a tree soul Michael, born in the great oak tree, from the soul you met who happily lives within it. My soul nourished and taught by its wisdom, until I wanted to learn and see more than it could teach me. The oak is over 2,000 years old, and I help protect it.’
‘If it’s chopped down would you die?’
‘No Michael, I am an independent being, as is the soul creature inside of the tree who talks to you. Would you like to see me dead?’
‘If it would save my species, then yes!’
‘If I didn’t cull your species you would die out anyway, climate change would burn your world, with many beautiful species gone, never to recover. As for humans, wars and deaths of those fighting, and the innocent too, would take as many as the plagues took. And those left would still have the traits which would one day cause the same disaster all over again. And, you read the book Christine showed you. The clever professor who worked out the human race has reached the end of their evolutionary cycle. In a few thousand years not many will produce children naturally.  I don’t want the people I have grown to love to disappear, any more than you do. I am happy with my human life, with my many friends and family. We can change you again, give you another life, give you children.
We souls are not only born in trees but many places, a rock, a sea, a river. Once born, we are independent beings, not much different from the part souls we give those who will make use of them. They help you love and understand, become one with our ways and with this world.
We have many names, faerie, sprites, many others in many languages. We fade sometimes, often because our homes are destroyed, and we have no desire to seek another. Or take a home deep within a cave or a stone, perhaps travel great distances and find another place to call home. We travel as the wind.  I scatter the seeds of human destruction as a wind. As you evolve you are less wise, and worse, the evil in you grows, when it should lessen, so many become, or are born monsters.
We have also saved many humans, not just here in my home of St Aethelstan, but all over the world. My kind saved the best of humanity. In the past, we left you to evolve naturally. Until the terror of the evil humans, was so enormous, so out of control, we ceased caring. Ceased trying to change you, and we had to act to save my species from annihilation. Or from giving up in their deep caves, or swarming again to find a new home, far away in the stars.
I am my father, and I will be my son one day.  My son Michael is human, although he has part of my mind in his body, he’s mostly my beautiful Mary.  But my son here in St Aethelstan, in the future, will be me, as always. Michael will take on another persona, and everyone will accept that without question. So many sons and daughters of Colin are buried in that small churchyard, and beneath the oak. I bring them all home. Catherine was not murdered by William Percy, but he did menace, and frighten her enough to run, slip and hit her head on a fallen branch.’ Michael remembered how Percy’s son died. ‘We can take different shapes, any shape, and it took me many centuries to perfect this human form, even longer to want to keep it.’
Colin stood up, glowed brightly and disintegrated, his atoms scattered as suddenly a wind came, and Colin was gone. The wind returned and Michael watched fascinated as he came together again. Michael felt great confusion and his heart thumped wildly, he loved this wood, he loved this strange man, but he was wiping out human beings.
‘Remember Michael we arrived on your Earth before there was air to breathe. You must forgive us if we change our creation to be greater than the old. So many of you want to take to the stars, and we will help this time, instead of stopping progress.’
Michael struggled to remember how he knew all this. ‘How can you be your own son?’
‘I plant ideas, Michael, you know that. I can appear as father or son, or one of my species can appear like me. I can appear as you or Christine, anyone.’ Colin sat beside him again. ‘As for humans, we will save the innocent, the best. I and others of my kind have our soul-seeded scattered far and wide, in all races, all cultures. I’ve had many human children, and they and their children have a tiny piece of my soul. These people who live in this small area are part of me too, and I love them.’
‘Father Christopher knows who you are, doesn’t he? The conversations we have are not those of a Catholic priest. He practises his Christian religion, alongside his Pagan beliefs, in spirits in trees, and the villagers love the Pagan holidays as much as the Catholic.’
‘They co-exist very well,’ Colin smiled. ‘Father Briant, and every priest here before him, is also a priest of the supernatural, you might say they talk to the trees.’
‘And what does his Christian side say about the culling of his race?’
‘Not happy, I am not happy, none of us are, we failed you, and we were reluctant to harm any of you. We considered making many sterile instead, but the evil would have cloned its kind and done far worse. We considered many things for a hundred years. Wars were too terrible, making the cities fall apart, killing most inhabitants. We considered using the Earth itself to destroy you, but my people would be without our beautiful home too. We didn’t make this decision lightly Michael, but are fighting for our existence here. I am saving the best of humanity, so we can go back to living together in peace, as we once did. I am wiping out evil, genetic weakness.’
‘You sound like Hitler.’
‘I prefer like St Aethelstan. Michael, your wife, and family are immune to any of the viruses because they have natural immunity, as do my human people in this village. Everyone who has an ancestor from this place has. In a few isolated places, however, there was no immunity at all, because they were all soulless. We gave a little of our souls to the best of them, so no race would be singled out, and be wiped from existence.’
‘You are St Aethelstan?’
‘No, that’s Christopher.’
‘Father Briant, that makes perfect sense, the church feels so comforting, I’d never felt that before.  He’s been all the priests I suppose?’
‘He’s never been a priest, he pretended when he was Aethelstan. Christianity seemed like a good idea in those times. It has diminished as it sought power, against all the early teachings, now it can recover its true path. Today’s Catholic Church doesn’t know he exists, nor that St Aethelstan’s church exists. That Father Briant offers mass, and they never will. If someone mentions it, the memory fades. It’s just as the old stories say, Aethelstan, one of many with that name, helped bring Christianity to this part of Saxon England. He believed it was a better choice than the marauders with Pagan beliefs, it would calm humans and make them kinder. But humans are humans, and their base nature often wins. Pagan or Christian, or any religion, it destroys more than creates.  I helped Aethelstan many times. I blew away armies at worst, or wiped memories at best, so he could protect his flock. As I became more human, I understood his love for his people, and I grew to love them too.’
‘The villagers - surely they know everything is a lie?’
‘Most accept the way it is and don’t question, some do and have to leave, others don’t fit in and leave, and forget. Some marry outsiders who become one with us, others are drawn to us like Stefan, like you, like Meredith and Mary.’
 ‘Did you destroy the Percy home, kill Damon, save Stefan Prabuki, and kill the journalists?
‘Yes, but only the following journalists, the first was an accident, convenient, the driver was drunk and taking drugs, but there again I had to stop them interfering.’
‘Was Helena your child?’
‘Yes, Catherine was my dear friend, but she knew what I was and so left me, trying to find a normal life, but she never did. When we created Helena, she was in pain over the loss of a long-term boyfriend. The usual story, he was married, and wouldn’t leave his wife. He did, but not for Catherine, so she was devastated.’
‘Where did you put their bodies?’
‘Under the oak, with my many loves, under the tree.’
‘Mary too one day, does she know?’
‘Of course.’
‘Everything? Including the culling?’
‘Everything. You’re a policeman, seen more than she did, do you like your race, or are you sickened by the monsters you’ve seen?  Imagine a world where the monsters are few. Once this is over, I want little to do with the governance of the human world. I’ve done more than my share.  I want to stay here in the village, give up my present job. That life is over, for now, but I will keep my position. Perhaps I will paint, or write instead. We have technology -  everything humans have invented and will invent.  I don’t want to take your world away - all I want is safety for my people. For the Earth to be clean again, for trees to grow back, animals free to roam - to be themselves. The best of your race will start again.’
‘And when the human numbers grow too big again, or evil grows, will you cull them again?’
‘I have prepared for that, birth rates will remain low.’
That’s in the wind too?’
‘Yes.’
‘Did you show me a lab behind yours at Genicus?’
‘Yes, you had an odd idea it was there.’
‘What was in it?’
‘Everything which enabled me to create the viruses, no alien monsters, nor people being experimented on, as your imagination taunted you. As I told you then, my people knew a while ago humans couldn’t improve, no matter how long we waited. So we decided we had to either destroy them all, or cull them.
We loved so many of you, we couldn’t destroy everyone. We decided the kindest, safest, most logical way was to get rid of the trouble-makers and leave those who cared for the world as we do. We collected DNA samples from those we saw as evil.
I built a machine, far in advance of anything my company now sells. After millions of samples, we then decided what genes you were better off without, and I created my viruses. I took them to all corners of the world as wind and let them fall. I also knew how to make humans sterile.
We didn’t want you all to leave us, so we chose those who could offer the best outcome to reproduce and again circulated it on the winds. I’m not the only one of my kind working on our project. We will look after you now, save you from the inevitable fate, like the professor in your wife’s book, who cleverly worked out that humans would eventually die out.’
‘Was I this angry the first time you told me?’
‘No, you didn’t believe a word I said, you laughed at me, and yet you believe me now don’t you?’
‘Yes, but I can’t take everything in you are telling me, and not feel real horror, the culling is too awful. There again, I, like many others, suspected we were dying out, but from many causes, perhaps naturally. We were possibly, still, are too many, will more terrible wars start for no sane reason? That’s far worse than anything you are doing, and we were destroying everything because we can’t change. Will these new humans chosen by a tree, a soul, be any better?  Perhaps you are right, perhaps we needed to start again. I don’t want my grandchildren living in a world without trees and animals, and so polluted they need breathing masks to walk a grim, violent city. I know too, they say this flu is a quick, even gentle death but…’ Michael was exhausted, his ideas confused.
Colin put his hand on his shoulder and infused him with the energy to cope. ‘Do you want me to take the pain away again?’
‘No, I must live with this. I will help with this new world, for I can’t stop it can I?  I might even forgive you, but only if I see a sign we humans are kinder. Perhaps the world will be wonderful one day. I have to believe that.’
‘So do I.’
‘I feel so at home here under this huge tree, I’ve never felt so at home anywhere else. Colin, did you make me feel this way?’
‘No, the feeling is yours.’
‘Have I ever asked you the name of your race?
‘Of course and I always tell you - our name changes, but always means the same, our name is Earth.’

‘Yes,’ Michael felt able to cope with the true knowledge at last.  ‘Colin, Earth creature and creator, I’m ready at last to live with what I’ve known since the first day we met. Better get to the other oak, the pub, I need a drink, although I feel calm somehow. How long have we been here?’ Michael stood up.
‘Not as long as you think, you knew everything already, those questions, and answers repeated at all our conversations in this place. As for the pub called Oak, you may see changes there, things you never noticed before.’
‘Good changes, good things?’
‘Yes, and Lordy will greet you as one of us.’
‘Lordy is one of you, I did wonder. He’s my protector, when I was afraid or uncertain he helped me. Will I ever get over my grief for our dead?’
‘No, as I won’t, but it will lessen. I’ve had much grief Michael, nearly two thousand years, I’ve lost so many I loved.’

They shook hands in a gesture that said everything. Michael looked around before he left this place of peace.
 A light flew towards him like a bright dragon-fly with an almost human face. Lights shaped as a sparrow, a rabbit, a fox, hopped, flew and walked, many of the other tree souls born inside the oak greeted Michael Campion as a friend. Finally, a bright-eyed Lordy came to rub against his legs, purring loudly, and his grief softened.



If we shadows have offended,
Think but this, and all is mended,
That you have but slumbered here
While these visions did appear.
And this weak and idle theme,
No more yielding but a dream,
Gentles, do not reprehend:
If you pardon, we will mend.
And, as I’m an honest Puck,
If we have unearned luck,
Now to ‘scape the serpent’s tongue,
We will make amends ere long;
Else the Puck a liar call:
So good night unto you all,
Give me your hands, if we be friends,
And Robin shall restore amends.


