Oceanus

A Story By
Philip R Benge

Smashwords Edition

***************

Published by
Philip R Benge on Smashwords

Oceanus
Copyright Philip R Benge 2021
Copyright Art courtesy of NASA camera on the Deep Space Climate Observatory satellite

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author`s imagination and used fictitiously.


Oceanus

Contents
Prologue
Chapter one: Kidnapped
Chapter Two: Captain Alun Reece
Chapter Three: Oceanus
Chapter Four: The Airaloovik
Chapter Five: The Valhallans
Chapter Six: Cronus
Other Books by the Author


Prologue

The Titan civilisation was militant in its approach to life and it showed when it first came in to contact with the civilisation of Earth. It was in the middle of the 24th century, on Earth, and because the technology of Earth was ahead of its own and the space fleet of Earth was more powerful than their own fleet, the Titans allowed their feelings of anger and jealousy to fester and grow. They imagined that the planets colonised by Earth were greener, with plenty of water, minerals and all ready for immediate large-scale cultivation.
The Titans looked very similar to humans and so they were able to send agents to Earth to spy on the planet’s technological advances. The Titans did differ in their looks though, in some ways, the males had a narrow mane of hair that ran all the way down their backs, while the females had multicoloured cheeks that changed in the shade of the colour to match their emotions.
Finally, the Titans were presented with a way to alter the situation to their advantage and without resorting to battle, well not immediately. They learned about the most eminent of human scientists, Professor Reynard, and his research in to defence shields for use on moons, asteroids and especially on starships. These were to be stronger defence shields than used at the time and would be effective for a longer period against either powerful plasma bolts coming from a plasma cannon or small space rocks. They decided to kidnapped him and force him to work for them, he was to be brought to their home planet Titania, there his research would be completed and then their space fleet would be fitted out with the new defence shields. They could then go to war with their victory assured, giving them dominance in this part of the galaxy.

Chapter One
Kidnapped

The supply-ship, Sirius Star, was on its regular run between Earth and the space stations in the Sol solar system, it had a small crew of six men. This consisted of its captain, who was currently on the vessel’s small bridge, one junior officer in charge of the second watch and four other crewmen. One was the chief engineer, the other three men split their time between engineering, damage control and finally their cargo, two of these men assisting the captain during the loading and unloading of their cargo. The vessel had just passed the asteroid belt and was due at its next port of call, the Einstein space station, in just under six hours. It was one of four space stations either in orbit around the planet Jupiter, or one of its retinue of moons. It was a research station; however, the other three space stations were mainly concerned with mining the moons of Jupiter.
A small starship, the Centauri Express, was moving in the same direction as the supply-ship, but it was moving at a faster speed, and as it approached the supply ship, the bridge crew aboard the Centauri Express became very active. The vessel was in fact a Q-ship, it looked just like a small freighter but had the speed and armament of a fast attack vessel.
Aboard the supply-ship, its captain, Jules Dillon, was studying the approaching vessel with concern. He knew that it could not be a pirate vessel, such things this near to Earth were a thing of the distant past, however, he was concerned that if it came any nearer then it could collide with his own vessel, causing unknown amounts of damage and even deaths. He decided to call the approaching vessel, just in case their sensors were faulty and they had not seen his vessel.
“This is the supply-ship Sirius Star calling the approaching cargo vessel on course for the planet Jupiter, please veer away, your vessel is on a collision course with this vessel.”
He followed this message by sending the approaching vessel the precise position in space of the Sirius Star. When the Titan vessel did not respond to the call, Dillon’s anxiety grew and he prepared to alter the course of his vessel, should the errant vessel come any nearer to his own vessel. Aboard the Titan vessel its captain, Zaro Margolin, chose this moment to act.
“Demi-Major, power up the electrical deactivation weapon, and target the supply-vessel.” Captain Margolin ordered in his usual calm baritone voice.
“Powering up the electrical deactivation weapon Captain and targeting the supply-vessel.” Demi-Major Arcturus replied. His voice coming complete with his clipped accent that denoted his family’s rank back on the planet Titania, which was home to the Titan civilisation.
Their vessel was in fact part of the Titan space fleet, it had merely used the name Centauri Express, a now defunct space freighter of Earth, as cover. Ten seconds later Arcturus told his captain.
“The weapon is fully charged Captain.”
“Activate the weapon as soon as we are in range Demi-Major.”
Seconds later and Arcturus pressed the computer touch-screen monitor in front of him and a soft hum was heard on the bridge of the Titan vessel. A stream of electricity shot from the weapon, the EDW, the stream of electricity carried something extra, computer controlled nano particles. The stream appearing to be almost alive as it surged across the relatively small gap. When it reached the supply-ship, it pushed past the light force field designed to keep micro meteorites at bay, rippled along the vessel’s hull, completely covering it and knocking out the vessel’s sensors, communications array and exterior cameras. It also followed the wires from the hardware down through the hull of the supply ship and in to the electrical circuitry room, blowing the fuses that linked the hardware to the vessel’s power supply. Then the sound of it stopped, for the Titans had only sent a small burst of electricity across, just enough to suit their current requirements.
Aboard the Sirius Star, the crackle of electricity permutated through the twin hull of the vessel and in to the living space within. Hearing it, Captain Dillon first felt anxious, but this turned to fear when an alarm on the bridge told him that their sensors had ceased to work, that they were travelling blind. He pressed the alarm app on his computer monitor and a computerised voice was heard all over the ship.
“Emergency, emergency, will all crew members report to their damage control stations.”
This loud message was repeated constantly and it got everybody’s attention, finally, the constant noise got too much for Dillon and he turned it off. Dillon now called his chief engineer on the intercom; he was answered immediately as his engineer had been about to call him.
“Chief, whatever caused that crackling noise, it just took out our sensors,” Dillon said and then added. “And Chief, a vessel was closing upon our position fast, unless you can explain our loss of sensors, it is possible that we are under attack.”
“It sounded much like electricity Captain, maybe that is all it is, a short somewhere. As for the possibility of pirates Captain, that is ridiculous, they would not dare to operate this close to Earth.”
“Whatever the cause Chief, we must finish with our engine and hold our position, for to proceed blind risks our lives and those of anyone unlucky enough to be in our way.” Dillon replied just a little put out at his engineer’s repudiation of his own statement.
“You’re right Captain, I will power down our engine and then look in to the problem of our sensors.”
The junior engineer had just rushed in to the engine room and asked anxiously what was the trouble and when told, he waited for the Chief to tell what was required of him. On the small bridge, the junior bridge officer also reported for duty, while the other two crewmen called the bridge on the intercom and requested information about what was happening. Dillon let his junior officer answer the call, he had decided to leave the bridge in the care of his junior officer who had already brough the Sirius Star to a halt using their retro-rockets and thrusters. He walked past the galley, the emergency airlock, the small clinic and along to the engineering department to help his two engineers to restore the downed systems before their technical problems worsened.
Aboard the alien vessel, Margolin brought his vessel alongside the Sirius Star and sent across a docking tube. It attached itself softly around the vessel’s emergency airlock situated aft of the vessels bridge and galley, the sound going almost unnoticed by the captain and chief engineer who had other things to think about, it was ignored by the remainder of the crew. An armed boarding party numbering twenty crew members prepared to move across the narrow gap between the two airlocks, an air of excitement ran through them, not one of fear, for their victim was but an unarmed merchantman. Arcturus led the party across to the supply ship’s airlock, once there he opened it, two minutes later and they were standing within the upper deck passageway within the Sirius Star. Arcturus looked across at one of his junior officers and then at a sergeant.
“You know your orders men, the hold and engineering are your targets, but watch out for any crewmen out of place, they may well be looking to repair the electrical faults that we caused.”
“Understood, Demi-Major.” They replied together and then moved off towards their target areas and the Sirius Star crew who were unaware of the danger that they would soon be facing.
The first team led by Sergeant Baal had meant to check the crew’s quarters and then the main hold, but they came face to face with two unsuspecting crew members on the steps leading up from the vessel’s accommodation area. The two crewmen had been walking up to their damage control stations, the bridge, where they would await orders. On seeing the Titans and assuming that they were pirates, they froze instantly and were incapable of even uttering a single word or movement. Baal had three of his team march them up to the emergency airlock while he and the other three members of his team continued their search for any other members of the crew within this area of the vessel.
The second team, led by Lieutenant Reaux, found the two ship’s engineers, plus the captain, in the electrical circuitry room, they were repairing components that had been fused by the EDW, saving the Titans time, for they would need to repair the damage done by their weapon before the supply vessel would be able to continue on its way to the space station. The two engineers and the captain looked up in surprise, then fear entered their hearts, which faded when they were not immediately killed. They too were taken back to the main airlock by three of the Titans while Reaux led the remainder of his team towards the bridge in case they were needed.
Arcturus had led five crew members along to the small bridge, they had burst in on the junior officer who was blissfully unaware of any immediate danger, even though an alarm light was flashing that indicated that the exterior door of the main airlock had been opened, followed by the interior door. Arcturus, mistook him for the captain.
“Captain, you are our prisoner, if you do not resist then you will soon be set free and your ship returned to you, for we only need to borrow it for a short time.”
The junior officer did not correct his captor, he was too busy looking at the five plasma pistols pointing his way. He realised that he had no option other than to yield to his captors, which he quickly did. However, he did wonder just what sort of pirates they were who would promise to return a vessel once they had captured it.
With the vessel in his hands, Arcturus had the crew taken aboard the Centauri Express and locked within its large brig, where they were given food, water and then left to ponder their imprisonment and what the future might hold for them.
On board the Sirius Star, Arcturus had his technicians repair the damage that their vessel had caused and once completed, he took the supply-vessel to the space station Einstein.

**********

“Space station Einstein, this is the Sirius Star, permission to dock please?” Arcturus asked.
Permission granted Sirius Star, use airlock two, and you are late.”
“Sorry, Einstein, but we had software problems, however, we have fixed them and everything is working fine now.”
Arcturus took the supply-ship to airlock two and then handed control over to the ship’s computer. It manoeuvred them the final distance using the ship’s thrusters until the ship’s airlock was only two feet away from the station’s own airlock. Arcturus then sent a short docking connector out from the vessel that touched against the hull of the space station and then magnetically sealed the gap between the station’s airlock and the large airlock that served the vessel’s main hold. Finally, locking clamps reached out from the station and held the ship rigid, there would be no unauthorised blasting off from this station. Only now could they safely open their airlock, which Arcturus did and the station’s robotic auxiliary workers came aboard, led by a human overseer, and they were directed to the cargo that was meant for them.
“You guys are new aren’t you, I haven’t seen you before?” The overseer asked.
“We are new to this vessel, we are the corporation’s new relief crew, we take over when needed, as happened on this trip, the original crew all went down with some space bug.” Lieutenant Rieux replied.
While the cargo was being unloaded, Arcturus and three of the crew left the supply-ship and went in search of the area of the station which housed the laboratories, for this was where they expected to find Professor Reynard. The space station was relatively small, so Arcturus did not expect to take too much time in his search, or to encounter too many problems, if any at all. There were only twenty-seven humans on the station, comprising six scientists, six technicians to assist them, three command crew, six personnel in engineering and finally, six auxiliaries comprising the cook, her assistant, two people in the laundry and the store’s manager and his assistant. There was also a team of robots who helped in the cleaning of the station and the unloading of the supply-ship.
Arcturus led the way, strolling along the main passageway that led in to the centre of the station. Its bulkheads and ceiling were made of the latest composite aluminium sheet, they were light but strong enough to handle the most dangerous of emergencies, either fire or loss of air pressure. Pictures of various space scenes lined the bulkheads, but the only doors along this passageway led in to the station’s storage areas. A resident of the station passed by on her way to one such area, she said hello as she walked quickly past them, a robot cleaner waited for them to pass it before it continued in its task of keeping the passageways clean and clear of any rubbish. A constant hum followed them, it was coming from the environmental units set along the passageway, they provided the crew and scientists with regulated heat and filtered clean air. At the central hub, where all the passageways met, was the station’s restaurant, it was set within a large hexagonal shaped area. To the left-hand side, two passageways led off to the accommodation area and the clinic, to the right were two more passageways that led to the command area, the environmental and engineering departments. On the far side of the restaurant and ahead of them were two passageways, one led to the small hanger deck and the other led to the laboratories. Signs just inside four of these passageways stated that only authorised personnel were allowed entrance. Arcturus disregarded the sign and led his three crew members, men trained in both armed and un-armed combat, along the passageway towards the laboratories.
A technician walked out of one of the laboratories and stopped to look at them before walking up to them and saying.
“You are not allowed in this area, surely you saw the sign as you entered the passageway, it is large enough, please turn around and return to an area where you are permitted entrance.”
Arcturus pulled out his plasma pistol and smiled at the technician.
“This allows me entrance within this area, or any other area that I might want to enter, now quietly lead us to Professor Reynard, if you will not, or if you call out, I will kill you. Make no mistake, this weapon is remarkably quiet, you will die without achieving anything.”
The technician went silent, his face drained of blood as he looked at the large weapon in the hand of the intruder, he nodded nervously and turned around and led them in to the laboratory that he had just vacated.
Within the laboratory, no one noticed their entrance until Arcturus announced their presence by pushing the technician in to a group of two men and a woman who were busy looking at a computer monitor. Also, within the laboratory, there were another man and a woman who were busy talking, but they were so engrossed in their own conversation that they had noticed nothing. As Reynard was about to admonish the technician, he saw the three strangers and the weapons pointed directly at them. Reynard was elderly, greying and had developed a slight stoop as of late. Arcturus had seen a photograph of the professor and on recognising him, he greeted him cordially.
“Good morning, Professor, please obey my instructions or see your people die, as I just informed your colleague here,” Arcturus said indicating the technician. “Our weapons are remarkably quiet so no one outside of this laboratory will hear anything.”
Reynard looked at Arcturus fearfully, but he was not a dullard, he knew that the three strangers would not hesitate to kill, if necessary, for the faces of the three men flanking Arcturus looked hard, even savage. However, although Reynard was scared, he was in control of his emotions and no longer appeared fearful.
“We will of course, obey your instructions Captain. Tell me, what do you want of us?” Reynard asked in a clear steady voice.
“Of your colleagues almost nothing Professor, just that they enter the store room on the far side of your laboratory and stay quiet for ten minutes, that will allow us to escape without the need to kill anyone on our way back to our vessel.” Arcturus replied calmly and then added. “As for you Professor, you will accompany us to our vessel which is docked at the supplies airlock.”
Reynard looked at Arcturus and replied.
“They will do as you say, none of us want to see any of our people killed unnecessarily.”
Arcturus smiled and said to him.
“Then we understand each other Professor, good.”
Arcturus looked at his three men and nodded, they then ushered the three men and two women towards the store room, the five humans looked at Reynard and one of the women smiled weakly at him before she and the others were forced inside of the store room. One of the three Titans then locked its door using his plasma pistol, welding the door to the frame. Reynard saw that the weapon was indeed incredibly quiet, he only heard a low hum, it must be of an ultra-modern design unknown to him, he thought.
Arcturus now gave the professor some further instructions.
“Lead the way to the station’s airlock Professor, by now our vessel should have finished unloading the station’s supplies. Please do not call attention to your situation, do not engage in any conversation with anyone except myself, we will talk about my family for the whole time that we are within hearing range of any of your people, do you understand Professor, your colleagues’ lives are in your hands. Should I be forced to fire, I will shoot to kill, I have a score of people on my vessel, all are armed and ready to storm your station. I can call them using the small microphone affixed to my jacket and they will come instantly, killing anyone they encounter as they come to my aid.”
“I understand Captain, I will not call for assistance,” Reynard replied, still wrongly assuming his captor’s rank. “But you came aboard the supply-ship you say, then we will not be travelling far, may I ask our destination?” Reynard asked.
“Later, when we are back aboard my vessel.” Arcturus replied and led the way out of the laboratory, passed a cleaning robot who politely stood aside for them, and back along the passageway without meeting anyone else.
All the while he spoke about his mother, father and siblings, and when they reached the restaurant, they saw that in the short time since walking past it, it had amassed a dozen diners, for it was now lunch-time aboard the station. Many of them called out a greeting, but Reynard merely waved and walked on and finally they were walking down the passageway that led to the Sirius Star, and still Arcturus spoke of his family. Arcturus breathed a sigh of relief when they finally walked through the two airlocks and he was once again within the supply-ship. He left Reynard in the hands of his three men and ordered the airlock closed. Then he walked up to the small bridge and called the space station command area on the radio using the frequency used by the station for contact between the station and its guests.
“This is the Sirius Star, permission to leave Einstein, as you know we are late and need to be on our way.”
“I have just been notified that the unloading is complete, so permission is granted Captain, have a good voyage.”
Seconds later, the locking clamps disengaged from the supply-vessel, they could now leave. Arcturus released the short docking connector from around the station’s airlock and was then able to use his thrusters to push the vessel clear of the space station, and he thought that with this part of the operation over, the hard part, the remainder of their operation should be plain sailing.
Arcturus met up with the Centauri Express further along the route that the supply-ship normally travelled along, he and Professor Reynard transferred across using the alien vessel’s docking tube, leaving his crew to another task. Arcturus then went along to the vessel’s brig and spoke to Captain Dillon.
“Your radio has been taken apart, as have the controls for your vessel’s sensor, you will find the parts left partially hidden around your vessel and you should be on your way within two hours at most, if your crew is halfway competent.”
The crew of the Sirius Star, with their ordeal almost over, were taken back to their vessel and released unharmed. Why, because neither Arcturus and his captain were animals, sure they would have killed if the crew of the supply-ship had resisted. but not otherwise. This was also why they kidnapped Reynard without drawing blood, that and they realised that the hunt for them would have been more vigorous had they killed everyone that they had encountered.
As soon as they were out of sight of the supply-ship, they changed the name of their vessel to the Gemini Freight, they also changed its silhouette so that it could not be identified by it. The outer hull was extended upwards using plates which had been fixed to the horizontal sections of the upper hull. Its bows were squared off using similar plates and the resulting changes meant that it would not be recognised by the crew of the supply vessel, for Margolin had realised belatedly, that its captain was sure to have used the vessel’s cameras immediately he regained his bridge. He swore, they had forgotten that one thing, sloppy he thought, they would have to try harder or perhaps fail in their mission.
The escape from the Sol solar system went without a hiccup, unfortunately they had been in hyperspace for only a short time when an explosion in engineering sent them crashing out of hyperspace and back in to normal space, it was as they had neared the star Proxima Centauri. Captain Margolin swore, just when they needed speed, they had suffered a major engineering problem. He checked on the other members of his bridge crew, but apart from a few bumps and bruises they appeared to be okay. He then turned on the intercom and called engineering.
“Chief, is everyone okay down there?” He asked anxiously and then added before the engineer could reply. “I am coming along to you; we are still very near to Earth and we need our Stardrive back online.”
On the bridge, Arcturus checked with the other departments, but all were fine, the main computer, when asked, reported no hull leaks or leaks of any kind. He wished that he had been able to accompany his captain, but his place at times like this, was on the bridge, until the captain returned.
Margolin walked in to engineering to see that everyone was busy, the chief engineer, on hearing him enter, turned and said to him.
“Captain, it was that last software update at the space dock of Titania, it blew out every relay and fuse and more in the Stardrive, it will need stripping down, fixing and then reassembling. Hopefully, we will not find any further signs of damage when we have all of it pieces scattered over the deck.” The chief engineer then added. “It will take us 48 hours at least to put right and even after we have reassembled it, our top speed may only be that of a space tramp, if that. It all depends Captain, on just what we find, what has been damaged beyond repair and if so whether we have the relevant replacement parts to fix it.”
Margolin groaned as he took this news in and then said.
“Chief, if it was the software update, then the whole Titan space fleet could be down and who knows how many of our ships came out of hyperspace too near to a star or a planet to avoid destruction, we only just avoided being drawn in to Proxima Centauri by luck.”
“Titan space fleet probably caught it after the first vessel was hit Captain. Unfortunately, they could not warn us as it would have jeopardized our security while we were in the Sol solar system, Earth has far too many listening posts along our border, for some reason they do not trust us.” The engineer said without a trace of humour or sarcasm.
“Chief, the space station Last Chance is not far off, I read that they have repair facilities and that they stock many of the most common spare parts needed to repair a starship. I will head over to it using our normal space engine and should you need any parts or even tools, then there is a fair chance that they will have something that you can adapt to couple up to our technology.”
With that, Margolin returned to the bridge. Arcturus was still there in command, with him was the helmsman, Tark Sirius, who was the only other member of the bridge crew on this watch, the bridge crew having more than one task to occupy their working day. At times, both Margolin and Arcturus could be called on to man the helm, or the navigational console, the weapons console, the communications console and finally the science console which housed amongst other things their sensor controls. Of course, if they were about to launch an attack, or repulse one, the other watches would join them on the bridge so that all of the consoles were manned, leaving Margolin free to command. Margolin, now being on the bridge, he took over command of it.
“Demi-Major, will you use the navigation console to locate the space station Last Chance and then send its co-ordinates over to Sirius.
Arcturus moved over to the navigational console and soon located the space station and he sent the co-ordinates across to the helmsman and then said to him.
“Helmsman, you now have the co-ordinates to the space station Last Chance, please set a course for it.”
Margolin, looking a little stressed by the situation that they had been forced in to, called across to the helmsman.
“Helmsman, take us there at our best normal space speed using our normal space engine.” Using the NSE, the normal space engine, meant a journey of three hours and finally the space station came in to sight.
The Last Chance space station was unique. Originally a small asteroid full of precious metals it had been mined for decades until it was full of tunnels and chambers both large and small. Then it became the place where old freighters were dumped, a regular rubbish tip. It was this that gave the father of the present owner the idea of using the largest of the freighters as a base to recycle the other starships and sell the precious metals to Earth and the repaired engine parts etc, to the many small freighter owners who could ill afford to pay the high prices for new parts. When all that was left was the large freighter and one small freighter that he had repaired so that it could make short journeys within the planetary system, he turned the asteroid in to a space station. He beached the larger freighter atop of the asteroid and used its repaired Stardrive to power the station, its hold as a storeroom and he added sleeping quarters for himself, his growing family and his workers. As for the asteroid, it was much lighter now and he used the power of the Stardrive to tame it. He made use of the thrusters and retro rockets that had been taken from the dumped starships to stop the asteroid spinning and toppling and to put it in to a stable orbit around the star. He had acquired a large selection of airlocks from the same scrapped starships, these he installed around the asteroid, each one positioned in to one of the many tunnels that permeated the space rock. He linked them together by creating a ring road that went right around the inside of the asteroid. Finally, in the largest chamber he created a command centre and residential area. He now needed to pressurize the station, using the small freighter, he travelled to the ocean planet in orbit around Proxima Centauri. He then pumped the water through the freighter’s environmental system, ending up with fresh water and oxygen, the latter he mixed with the planet’s nitrogen atmosphere to make breathable air.
Why had he decided to invest so much time and effort in a space station that was so near to the Sol solar system, because up until now most vessels broke down sooner rather than later. It was also used by captains who did not want the authorities on Earth to learn more about their vessels and of the extras that had been fitted in to them. Pirates there were none, but there were still many smugglers, even the odd slaver still operated, unknown to even the Last Chance owner, there were tax evaders and of course adventurers, the latter sailed close to the wind in their desire to enrich themselves.
Margolin now contacted the space station.
“Last Chance, this is the cargo vessel Gemini Freight, we have suffered a problem with our main drive, can we please dock in one of your Landing Zones and avail ourselves of your facilities?”
“Gemini Freight, please dock at Landing Zone 3, that is the only one currently available, but you will find it is near to our spares and repair department. I will turn on a homing device, it will allow you to not only locate the correct Landing Zone, but land safely within the Landing Zone by centring your vessel on the signal.”
“Thank you, Last Chance.”
The alien vessel would not use one of the station’s airlocks, instead they moved slowly through a force field that enclosed the entrance to Landing Zone 3 and then landed within the space station. It cost them much more to use the Landing Zone rather than one of the many airlocks, but after the explosion there was always the chance that they would have to make repairs on the exterior of the hull. Within the Landing Zone, the wearing of a space suit was not necessary, as the force field prevented the precious air from escaping in to space.
Each of the Landing Zones or airlocks was separated by a short corridor with crash doors at either end to prevent a bad accident in one part of the station becoming a disaster for the entire station. The space inside the Landing Zone was large enough to hold a small freighter, anything larger would either have to head for Earth or, the crew would have to work in the vacuum of space.
The chief engineer was now able to strip down the Stardrive with the assistance of the five engineers who worked under him. Until they had completed this phase, and identified the damage, he could not go in search of any replacement parts. This initial phase took the engineering team twenty-four hours of hard dirty work, with some sleep thrown in, finally the chief had identified the blown relays and the damage they had caused in other parts of the engine. While his team took some well-deserved rest, he and Magolin went in search of the spares and repairs department on the space station.
While they were away shopping for parts that might fit their Titan Stardrive, Professor Reynard heard that they had stopped off at a space station and knowing that it might be his only chance, he decided to escape, or at least to attempt to escape. He had forgotten the type of person that was his captor, forgotten the words of Arcturus of how they would use any amount of violence to secure their aims. It was his lunch time aboard the alien vessel, or at least it was the day before, so he went over in his mind what he must do to have a chance of succeeding. There was a click as the lock to the door to his cell was opened within the vessel’s brig, the door slid open and a young woman entered carrying a plate of space food, cubes of many colours and a hot drink that tasted a little like coffee, only it was something the woman had referred to as Kakao, the day before. He had wished that it was a man who was catering to his needs, he could hit a man and not feel guilty, but then she was one of his kidnappers and so he put his feelings of guilt to one side. As she put the plate down, obviously not expecting the elderly professor to cause her any trouble aboard, what was to him, a prison ship, he stood up suddenly and struck her, hard, upon her chin. She did not even cry out, she simply collapsed in to his arms, her weight making him stagger backward a little, but he managed to drag her to his cot and there he lay her body down, gently. He moved to the cell door, here he stopped for a moment to listen, only when he heard relative silence did he put his head out, the passageway was empty. He stepped out, freedom beckoned, he moved along empty passageways, remembering the way that his captors had forced him along. He found that he was in luck, for the loading ramp that led down from the alien vessel to the deck of the space station was down and no one appeared to be on guard. He sped up, running towards it now, and then his feet were on the top of the ramp, he stopped for just a second, there was no one on the ramp or on the hard rock of the asteroid, he would be safe in a moment, but he hesitated, he finally thought about what the kidnappers might do to the people here, if he took his chance.

**********

Richard Wilmot-Ballinger and his wife Ruth were also on the Last Chance space station, they were researching a new book, it was to be about life on the space stations beyond the Sol solar system. The space station, as well as being a repair centre, also served the needs of the system’s asteroid miners who earned a profitable living mining silver and platinum as well as the other valuable minerals found within the hard rock of their mines, come short term homes.
They had just been speaking to the chief engineer on the Last Chance, he kept it operational and ensured that any faults were immediately repaired. They had left him after obtaining a lot of material for their book and they were making their way back along the passageway to the station’s central hub. They had passed through two open crash doors and in to one of the large Landing Zones, it was number 3. In front of them was the bulk of a small freighter, they followed the designated pathway around the edge of the Landing Zone, the rock of the asteroid on their right-hand side. As they were about to pass the loading ramp that led up to the bows of the freighter, their eyes caught sight of a struggle to the extreme left of them, and they saw that they knew one of those concerned in the struggle, he was being jerked back by two men at the top of the loading ramp of the cargo vessel.
“Professor Reynard!” Richard Wilmot Ballinger cried out in surprise.
“What are those two men doing to the professor?” Ruth cried out anxiously as the professor, looking very crestfallen, was dragged back inside.
“Get help Ruth, while I stop whatever is going on.” Wilmot-Ballinger ordered as he rushed up the loading ramp of the vessel.
Ruth turned and rushed along the pathway, making for the central hub, but she only got as far as the imposing chest of Captain Margolin, who was returning with a large box of various items that he and his chief engineer hoped to make use of while they made their repairs to the Stardrive. Margolin had also seen what had happened at the top of the ramp and while holding the box in one hand, he pushed Ruth back against the hard rock of the passageway, her head hitting it and stunning her. His chief engineer, holding a similar box of parts, grabbed one of Ruth’s arms and Margolin took the other, both fully supporting her limp body and dragging her aboard their vessel before anyone else appeared.
On the cargo vessel, Wilmot-Ballinger had come to a sudden stop, the sight of a plasma pistol aimed at his head was the reason why. Seconds later and he saw the limp body of his wife being dragged aboard and ignoring the pistol he turned to take her in his arms, and then seeing blood running down the back of her head he gasped.
Arcturus had arrived just seconds before Wilmot-Bassinger, brought there because he had heard what sounded like a struggle at the loading ramp. He had arrived in time to see the two crewmen almost pull Reynard off his feet, he had been about to run down the loading ramp when they caught him, Margolin arrived twenty seconds later. Putting the box down and with Ruth now in the care of her husband, he pulled out two plasma pistols and aimed them at the would-be saviour of Reynard, he then barked an order at the demi-major.
“Take the woman to the brig Arcturus, she can be our guest along with the professor.”
Margolin then turned to Wilmot-Ballinger.
“What are doing on the space station, answer quickly or your woman will answer for your hesitation.”
Wilmot-Ballinger was shocked by the state of his wife, by the plasma pistol aimed at his head and although he had heard the question it took a moment to permeate through to his mind. Looking at Margolin he saw a hard man looking back at him.
“We are guests here, while we collect data for a new book.” Wilmot-Ballinger finally managed to say and then he pleaded. “Please, I need to attend to my wife, she is bleeding.”
If he had thought that Margolin would listen to his pleas and then comply with his wishes he was sadly mistaken, instead Margolin said harshly.
“The demi-major will take care of your wife, you will accompany one of my men to your quarters, you will pack both your things and bring them back here. If you attempt anything, if you attempt to delay us in the hope of a rescue, we will blast out of here. Once we are away from the station, we will throw your wife in to an airlock and open the outer door. Do you understand?”
Wilmot-Bassinger heard Margolin’s words, but he heard them with the promise of violence dripping from each and every word. He could only nod, stunned, as he passed his wife over to Arcturus, and he watched while his wife was taken away, following after the professor. Reynard would be pushed in to one cell and Ruth would be laid on to one of two cots squeezed in to another small and rather gloomy cell. She awoke as the door to her cell was closed and locked, her head wound had been tended to but her head ached from the violence committed against it. However, her first thought was for her husband.
Wilmot Ballinger had been escorted along the passageways of the space station to his quarters, his escort carried a small device that turned off all the CCTV cameras that they came across, there would be no record of his forced march. They met no one and twenty minutes later he was back with his hastily packed cases and was able to tend to his scared wife.
While all this had been going on, the chief engineer had had to put back the parts of the Stardrive that the NSE used, this used up precious time, time that they could hardly afford as they were still so close to Earth. Kidnapping the two writers had meant that they had to leave the space station before they had completed the work on the two engines, to stay could have seen the two writers being missed, a search made for them and the ensuing violence that would be necessary to prevent them being found on the Q-ship. Therefore, they left to search for a suitable rock to land on so that they could safely strip the Stardrive down again and repair both their Stardrive and the NSE. Only then would they be able to leap in to hyperspace and head for home
Captain Margolin, swearing at this extra delay, now paid the station’s bill using platinum, a universal currency, and the Titan vessel departed the station and headed towards the edge of this planetary system. However, their speed was slow even for the NSE, for the chief engineer had noticed that parts of the NSE engine had been strained when the Stardrive had been damaged, and they would also need replacing

**********

The initial panic and search for the kidnappers of Professor Reynard had only just begun, leading it was Admiral Michaelson, and he did so by compiling a list of all the worlds who could have been responsible for the crime. On the list were the planets of Aldebra, Lyre, even Mazere, a world that was supposed to be an ally now, was a possibility. Admiral Michaelson believed that the Titans on the planet Titania were the best bet though, as since their arrival on the scene just five years earlier, they had made no secret of their militant desire to rule the galaxy. At least the crime had been bloodless, but as yet the search had found no leads, however, starships had been diverted to the borders between Earth and the suspected worlds, with a covert watch made on the approaches to Mazere for any suitable vessels which would all have to be stopped and searched.

**********

At the Last Chance space station, the manager, Riche LeClerc, had waited impatiently for his two dinner guests, the Wilmot-Ballinger’s to arrive, they were thirty minutes late when he sent a messenger to their quarters to enquire when they would be arriving. When they were not found there, a message was sent over the tannoy asking for them to call LeClerc. Two hours later, after an extensive search of the station, an anxious LeClerc began to search the starships docked at his station. The searchers had not been able to search the Gemini Freight, for it had left the station and was moving further away with every second that passed.

**********

The kidnapping of the two writers meant that Admiral Michaelson had more to worry about than just the kidnapping of Professor Reynard. The multi-billionaire industrialist Ryman Wilmot-Balling had immediately approached Admiral Michaelson for help in finding his son and daughter-in-law, as the event had occurred in deep space. This was outside the admiral’s remit or expertise; however, he knew of one person who could perhaps pull of the impossible and find the two missing writers. Alun Reece, former captain in the Space fleet and then of the starship the Church of the Universe, now owner and captain of an aging freighter the Bright Star. After the way that he had handled the situation near to and on the planet Pen Draig, it was obvious to the admiral that Alun was back to his old self. But would he agree to take on this new mission for the industrialist?

Chapter Two
Captain Alun Reece

Captain Alun Reece had inherited an aging space freighter, Bright Star, from an uncle, his small crew were John Trance, who was his engineer, and Jonah Smart who would assist both on the bridge and in engineering. Alun and Jonah had not taken to each other when they had first met on the starship the Church of the Universe, but by the end of their first voyage together, to the planet of Pen Draig, they had become firm friends. John Trance had also been on that voyage and Alun had discovered just how valuable an engineer he was on that particular trip.
Why had they left the easy life aboard the modern starship, the Church of the Universe, and joined Alun aboard the aging freighter Bright Star, because they saw a chance for excitement with Alun, for he seemed to attract it. A last chance for John who was now approaching retirement age and might soon hanker for peace and quiet. As for Jonah, this would be his second time that he experienced the thrill of danger and the relief when it was finally over, on and near to planet Pen Draig, and he had enjoyed every minute of it.
The freighter Bright Star has just arrived at the space port outside of Washington D.C. It carried a cargo of rare minerals dug out of asteroids in a nearby solar system and needed by Earth as the effects of its power expanded. Admiral Michaelson had gone aboard just as the cargo was being unloaded and he greeted Alun.
“Captain Reece, it is good to meet up with you once again, I can see that the reports were correct, you are looking like your old self.”
“I feel like my old self Admiral, thank you, but tell me, how can I help you, for I imagine that you are not here on a curtesy visit, unless of course work is so sparse these days that you are able to make such visits?”
“You are correct Captain, in fact I am being kept busy at the moment, which is why I am here, can we speak privately Captain, I have a proposition to put to you?”
“Of course, Admiral, Jonah can finish up here while we retire to the galley where we can talk.” Looking across at Jonah he said. “Okay, Jonah, you don’t mind finishing off and getting a signature for the cargo, do you?”
Jonah waved back and continued to supervise the unloading.
Sitting down in the galley with a hot coffee in his hand, Michaelson first spoke to Alun about the kidnapping of Professor Reynard. Then he told Alun about the mystery concerning the two missing writers and the possibility that they could be aboard the Gemini Freight, for reasons of their own or, because they had been kidnapped. Pausing just a moment, he looked at Alun as if to gauge if he had truly recovered, he must have been reassured, for he then said.
“Captain Reece, less than 24 hours have passed since the disappearance of the two writers, long enough for the criminals to hide away and of course making the finding of their location very difficult. One hour ago, Wilmot-Ballinger came to me asking, no expecting, our space fleet to search for them, however, as you know, missing persons are nothing to do with the Space Command, especially when their luggage has disappeared along with them. Therefore, I was hoping that you would take on the task of searching for them, Wilmot-Ballinger will cover all the costs of the mission plus paying you 1000 credits per day, He will also pay you an extra bonus of 50,000 credits if you can find them, alive that is.”
Alun looked a little surprised at the reason for the call, but for the moment he merely said.
“Admiral, does Wilmot-Ballinger believe that their disappearance was due to foul play?”
“Yes, Captain, he is adamant that it is foul play. We were told by the space station manager that the station was searched for them long before any of the vessels docked at the station departed, any except that is for the Gemini Freight, it left before it was found that the Wilmot-Ballinger’s were actually missing. They contacted the vessel and the captain informed the station manager that he knew nothing about the two writers.” Michaelson then added. “Wilmot-Ballinger informed me that there was no disharmony between him and his son, or his daughter-in-law, on the contrary, he had just given the couple a beach house in New Zealand, his daughter-in-law having been born there and it is also where her parents live. Therefore, either the captain of the Gemini Freight was not telling the truth, or, we have a mystery on our hands.”
Alun considered this information for a moment, if the industrialist was telling the whole truth, then foul play seemed the likeliest answer, of course there was the mystery of the missing luggage. Had they left on the Gemini Freight for reasons of their own, not bothering to tell the station manager of their new plans, or had the kidnappers taken the luggage to delay pursuit. He then asked.
“Admiral, I take it that Wilmot-Ballinger has not received any ransom demands from the kidnappers?”
“No, Captain, none at all, if it is a conventional kidnapping, the criminals seem to be reluctant to present their terms. It is still early though and a ransom demand might arrive at any moment.”
“Finding them is probably going to be next to impossible Admiral, with the whole universe available to the criminals, if they have been kidnapped, especially without any clues as to where to start the search?” Alun said and then added. “You do realise Admiral, that I only have an aging freighter under my command and my crew consists of just two men, one of who is nearing retirement age? If the two writers have been kidnapped, rather than they chose to get lost for reasons of their own, I can hardly go up against a gang of kidnappers who will all be armed when there are only the three of us.”
“I do realise that Captain, which is why you will be carrying passengers on this trip, four ex-marines are more than enough to go up against a gang of kidnappers.” Michaelson explained. “They will be under your command, of course, they will also be useful should you need to covertly search for the writers on a planet or on space station or even a mining camp. Captain Rabelais and Lieutenant Mallory’s cover story will be that they are en-route to the space station Far side as additions to its security personnel. As you know, the Far side station is on the border of Titan space, so the story should be believable. Two more ex-marines, privates Talbot and Lanyard, will pose as evangelists, ones who will be spreading the word of God in space.” Michaelson then added. “You turned up trumps on Pen Draig when no one else had a clue, and with the whole universe to search, you still managed to locate an unknown space station.”
Alun looked at Michaelson and thought that the fee would come in handy, very handy in fact, and it was difficult to refuse, and so Alun agreed to search for the two missing writers, but he added a proviso.
“Admiral, the kidnappers came to the space station in a starship, so we are not dealing with ordinary criminals, meaning that they are at the very least space pirates, and if so, they must possess a plasma cannon, an assumption, maybe, but I believe it to be so. That the weapon is hidden within the vessel’s bows is obvious, otherwise it would have been seen, making me believe that this act was carried out by a group with connections. I suspect that there has to be more to the kidnapping that we currently know, which is why I will require twenty percent of the bonus, in gold or platinum, and up-front, mine even if we cannot find the missing writers or if they turn up dead. It will allow me to pay some of my costs upfront; I will need to hire two extra hands for this trip, my present crew’s wages, my fuel, my extra supplies and finally to pay for two pieces of equipment essential, if we are to complete the search successfully.”
His terms could be refused, but then he would not agree to go on the mission. As to what the two items that he required were, this he did not mention to the admiral, who chose not to ask about them. They were for a more up to date scanner than that presently aboard the Bright Star and an out-of-date plasma cannon. The cannon, the console that came with it and the scanner were for sale at one of the asteroids that made up the asteroid belt, having been ‘salvaged’ by one of the miners from a crashed patrol craft. Alun and his crew would have to install the new items when they arrived at the Last Chance space station. He knew that many a space-farer had used the station for just this sort of thing, being away from the eyes of the authorities within the Sol solar system.
Alun’s summing up of the kidnapping impressed Michaelson, which is why he thought the terms acceptable, given that the Bright Star, as it was, would not up to the task of running down what could be space pirates, ones who had the nerve to operate so near to Earth space, the first in more than two hundred years.
“Captain, I will convey your terms to Wilmot-Ballinger and with my recommendation that he agrees to them, I will get back to you Captain, later in the day.”
Finally, Alun asked the admiral for a copy of the report in to the disappearance of the scientist, although he would not be searching for the kidnappers officially, something told him that the two cases were connected. The admiral had a copy on his computer and gladly sent a copy of the report across to the computer of the Bright Star. Michaelson then left, after wishing Alun a good voyage, if the industrialist agreed to the terms.
After the unloading of his cargo was completed, Alun spoke to Jonah and John, he told them of their next possible trip and the reason behind it, it was Jonah who spoke first.
“Alun, they could be anywhere within five light-years of Earth.” He then added. “This must be a first for a couple of centuries, a kidnapping occurring in Earth space, these guys must have a lot of nerve.”
Alun was not given the chance to reply for a message came over their radio, it was from Admiral Michaelson and it was to inform Alun that the industrialist would be calling upon him within the hour. In fact, the industrialist, Wilmot-Ballinger, appeared at the main airlock just minutes later and he joined the three men in the ship’s galley.
Alun asked him whether a ransom demand had arrived, but was told that one had not arrived as of five minutes ago. The industrialist then attempted to negotiate the terms of payment, but Alun was adamant in his demand for gold or platinum up front and he explained the reason why, both to Wilmot-Ballinger and his crew.
“Two pirate vessels in the same region of Earth space, one kidnapping a scientist and a second kidnapping your son and his wife, it is a modern-day impossibility, they are one and the same vessel and its actual target was Professor Reynard, your son and daughter in law were, for some reason, collateral damage. The most likely perpetrators, according to Admiral Michaelson, are the Titans from the planet Titania, and if you draw a line from where the pirates left the Sirius Star, through the Last Chance space station, that is where you will eventually end up, the planet Titania. My guess is that it was not a pirate who took your son, it was a vessel belonging to the space fleet of Titania, an armed Q-vessel probably, and for some reason they need his mind. This is why I need gold or platinum up front to pay for the two items that I will need, and you will need, to free your son, if and when we track them down.” He then added. “As to why the kidnappers chose to stop off at the Last Chance, that I cannot say, maybe we will find out when we too stop off there.”
Wilmot-Ballinger nodded his agreement, and then said.
“I believe that you are correct Captain Reece, because my son Richard actually knew Professor Reynard, he was friendly with his son and stayed with the professor and his family for a summer when Richard and the professor’s son were in college. They were also guests at my son’s wedding.”
“I do not know how, yet, but that must have some bearing on their disappearance.” Alun said.
Wilmot-Ballinger nodded grimly and then said.
“One thing Captain, I must join you in the hunt for the pirate vessel, that too is non-negotiable. And seeing as I will be paying the twenty percent up-front, I think it only reasonable, it will ensure that the search is carried out in a way that I would expect it to be. However, Captain, I promise not to interfere with the running of the freighter, or the end game when we find the pirate, all I want is my son back alive.”
Alun smiled at the industrialist’s words and said to him.
“Agreed, Mr Wilmot-Ballinger.”
“Captain, Wilmot-Ballinger is too much of a mouthful, especially when the action begins, just call me Rye, it is short for Ryman which is my Christian name.”
“Agreed, Rye and I am Alun to my friends, and these are Jonah and John, two of the best spacemen I know.” Alun replied.
“When do we leave Alun, our enemy is getting further away with every second that we delay, and I do not suppose that your vessel is all that fast?”
“Including me, Rye, this vessel has a crew of three men, which means that the Bright Star would normally layover of an evening, but that is impossible on this trip. Therefore, I am about to call up two men who we will need to enable us to travel for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They are essential for one other reason; I need these two men to help install the scanner and the plasma cannon that your gold and platinum are paying for.”
Alun knew of two men who would make perfect additions to his crew. Soichi Hoshide used to be his weapon’s officer when Alun was the captain of a space cruiser. He also needed an extra engineer and Michael Patel, who had been one of the engineers aboard the starship the Church of the Universe, was now free. In three short hours both men had packed their cases and were on their way to the Washington D.C. space port, the chance of some excitement coupled to a good wage was too much for either of them to pass up.
While they awaited their new crewmen and the marines to turn up, Jonah had the space port supply them with enough food and water for the voyage, they would need both, what with all the new mouths to feed and water. The water would also be used to supply the environmental recycling unit with replacement oxygen. Alun added to the order, he needed high power electrical cable, high voltage electrical connectors and junction boxes, and some large rolls of copper wire and high-grade electrical insulation. The space port delivered their complete order just as the four ex-marines and the two new crewmen turned up, right on time. Jonah looked at Alun’s additions to his order and assumed they were to connect their new hardware to the Stardrive, he was partly correct in this.
With the crew and their passengers all aboard the Bright Star, Alun lifted off from the space port of Washington D.C. and took the freighter up through the planet’s atmosphere and in to space. Their first stop was to be at the asteroid belt where he wanted to purchase the two pieces of hardware. As the day came to a close, they approached the asteroid and announced their arrival.
“Come in Tomas Riker, this Alun Reece aboard the freighter Bright Star.”
“Captain Reece, this is Riker, I have the goods that you ordered, do you have the necessary payment.”
“I have it Mr Riker, tell me where I can land my vessel?”
“I see your vessel Captain, bring it down in to the crater that you will see ten degrees to port of you and one mile further on, I will be there to greet you.”
Two hours later and the hardware was stowed within the Bright Star’s number one hold and the payment of gold and platinum had been handed over. As they were in a hurry they did not stop for a meal and a drink, much to Riker’s disappointment who had few guests, the other miners being too busy making their fortunes.
Alun took the Bright Star to the solar system`s heliopause, this was the boundary marking the edge of the sun's influence, which, in the case of the Sol solar system, was roughly 123 AU from the sun. Here, the solar wind from the sun and the radiation from other stars met. It was considered potentially dangerous to enter hyperspace, dangerous that is to the nearest of the inhabitants of the system, until this point had been passed. Alun now took his vessel in to hyperspace, their next port of call, the Last Chance space station in the Proxima Centauri system where the two missing writers had last been seen.
Their journey was uneventful, during the journey they lay the power cables that would supply the power from the Stardrive to the plasma cannon. The cables were installed beneath the deck plates within the four holds of the Bright Star with junction boxes at each of the bulkheads between the holds and the final length of cable confined within the concealed trunking that climbed up from the number four hold to the engineering department and the Stardrive. John Trance was also able to find the time to install the console for the plasma cannon and connect it to the cannon.
The two engineers were exhausted by all of the work that they had managed to get through in a relatively short time, but they finally managed to snatch a few hours’ sleep before the Bright Star reached its next port of call. The Bright Star arrived at the space station, Last Chance, far too soon for the two engineers, for it meant that they had to start work again. By chance, they landed their vessel in Landing Zone number 3, they would be able to carry out the additions to the Bright Star much easier and far quicker here.
Wilmot-Ballinger went with Alun to speak to the station manager, Riche LeClerc who had been informed by the admiral that they would be calling upon him. After the usual greeting, Alun asked.
“Can you tell us the last place that they were seen on the station?”
“I can do better than that, Captain Reece, I will take you there.” LeClerc replied courteously.
LeClerc led them back to the outer ring where the airlocks and the Landing Zones were located and along the ring until he came to the office of the space station’s chief engineer, Kurt Latimer, who told them that the two writers had left him after a long interview concerning life upon the station. As Alun walked out on to the outer ring of the station his eyes lit up when he saw the CCTV camera.
Mr LeClerc, I see that you have CCTV.” Alun said pointing up to the camera. “I assume that the recording was checked, to see if it captured the two missing writers?”
“Of course, Captain,” LeClerc began. “In fact, the camera there is the last one to capture them, they were never seen again.” LeClerc lamented. “Unfortunately, the other cameras on the ring are only active if our clients become violent, otherwise, they are always turned off. Our clients insist on this privacy and we are forced to comply or lose their custom.” LeClerc then turned to Wilmot-Ballinger and said to him. “The next active CCTV camera is where the outer ring meets the central hub and your son and his wife did not show up on it.”
“Then surely they must have boarded one of the vessels between here and the central hub?” Alun said.
“All of the vessels were searched, twice, apart from the Gemini Freight which had already departed, but we did not find them, it certainly is a mystery, good luck Captain, I wish you luck in solving the riddle of how they disappeared.” LeClerc replied.
“There is no mystery as to what happened to my son and his wife, LeClerc “Wilmot-Ballinger said grimly. “Because it looks more than likely that they are aboard the Gemini Freight, which explains its hasty departure. For they could hardly allow you aboard their vessel, because you would have instantly realised that it was a man-of-war.” He then turned to Alun and asked. “Don’t you agree Alun?”
“It certainly appears so Rye.” Alun the turned to LeClerc and asked. “Can you supply us with as much information that you have regarding the items that the captain of that vessel purchased from your store?”
Feeling rather abashed, LeClerc replied immediately. “Of course, Captain. Please follow me to my office where our computer will provide us with a full list of the purchases made by the captain of the vessel.”
Alun skimmed through the list of items purchased by the Gemini Freight and then LeClerc printed off a copy of it and Alun returned to the Bright Star to allow John Trance to read the list, and it did not take John long to come to a conclusion.
“Alun, from the list here, it appears as if their Stardrive blew a fuse, and if they needed all of these items, and maybe more that were not available here, then they will not be using their Stardrive for up to another six hours, depending upon how good a chief engineer they have. Even then, there is every chance that they will not be able to travel at their best speed. The Bright Star might even be able to top it, now if they follow the script and head towards Titan space, we just might be able to catch them, if the fates permit, especially as they do not know that we are on their tail.”
On the Bright Star, the plasma cannon had already been put in place by the time Alun, and Wilmot-Ballinger had returned to the ship. The two engineers only had to connect it to the Stardrive and finally, cut a hole in the bows for the plasma tube to project through, seal the joint and finally to connect the business end of the cannon. The business end of the plasma cannon had the ability to pivot 90° either way, meaning that the Bright Star did not need to be pointing at the target. The sight of it gave any passer-by an anxious few minutes, for the spherical shape of this part made them worry that the Bright Star was going in to the business of piracy. Luckily, Michaelson had given Alun and his crew his own seal of approval and LeClerc was able to reassure any anxious space travellers and dispel any of their fears.
While the two engineers finished installing the plasma cannon, Alun went over in his mind all that they now knew, or at least surmised. They now knew why the Gemini Freight had stopped off at the space station, it had stopped to repair its Stardrive engine. Its arriving so soon after the professor had been kidnapped went along with Alun’s reasoning that this was the pirate vessel that Michaelson sought, and they now had a link between the disappearance of the two writers to that of Professor Reynard. One thing was certain, the alien vessel would not have entered hyperspace as of yet, not if their Stardrive was still down, which was probable as they had probably been forced to leave the space station prematurely. With any luck, and if the Gemini Freight was following the script, Alun hoped that they would be able to catch sight of her on their new second-hand scanner before their quarry could slip back in to hyperspace. Alun sent a message to Michaelson regarding the Gemini Freight, its mechanical problem, and the link connecting Richard Wilmot-Ballinger to Professor Reynard.
Michael Patel and Soichi Hoshide had just finished installing the new scanner on to the exterior hull of the freighter and Alun now held a meeting of everyone aboard the Bright Star to discuss another serious point.
“After going through the report from the Sirius Star regarding their capture, it appeared that the pirate vessel we are chasing possesses a sophisticated electrical deactivation weapon which the Bright Star has no defence against.”
His words were greeted with consternation, but Alun thought that he could dispel the gloom that had descended upon all before him.
“John, Soichi, what if we were to fit a copper wire cage around the electrical hardware that we have on the exterior hull, and also fit electrical insulation between said hardware and the metal hull. Would it protect our new scanner, the plasma cannon, the exterior cameras and finally, our communications array?”
“That is a lot of wiring and heavy-duty insulation Alun, the space station is hardly likely to keep it, they would have no market for it.” John replied quizzically as Jonah now smiled on realising just why Alun had ordered the extra items from the space port extensive stores.
“Then it is lucky that I had it delivered to the Bright Star before we left Earth, but will it work or have I wasted some of Rye’s platinum and gold?” Alun said.
His words caused everyone in the galley to smile, but it was Soichi who answered his question.
“Yes, Alun, the electrical current would run along the copper wire rather than through the device, assuming we have made a close enough copper net to stop the current from jumping from the hull to the hardware. The heavy-duty insulation would complete the job by insulating the hardware from the metal hull.”
John then added a word of warning.
“Of course, Alun, we cannot make the net too close or we would make the hardware inoperable.”
Alun looked at John and said to his chief engineer.
“Can you and Soichi ensure that? I certainly purchased more than enough wire for our purposes John.”
“Yes, Alun, we can do that.” John replied while Soichi contented himself in nodding his head in agreement.
Okay then, I want you John, with Jonah to assist you, to build and fit the cages around the new the plasma cannon.”
It was John who smiled now.
“Which is why Alun, you had us fit that high grade insulation beneath our new pieces of Hardware.”
Alun returned the smile and nodded as the two men acknowledged his order and the Alun went on to say.
“Michael, Soichi, I want you to do the same around the communications array and our new scanner, fitting some of the electrical insulation between the array and the hull. I will take care of the exterior cameras and the airlocks, if someone will start me off with the cage.”
Alun then looked towards the four marines and Wilmot-Ballinger. “If any one of you wants to help out, I could do with someone to assist me?”
Captain Rabelais smiled and said to Alun.
“Why not Alun, I will be glad to assist you, I have done a little electrical work.”
“Thank you, James, as for you three guys,” Alun said to the other three ex-marines. “Would you help us to carry the copper wire, the insulation, the necessary fixings and the tools to the loading ramp.”
The three other marines and the industrialist all agreed to be labourers and Alun showed them where the wire and the insulation was stored in the ship’s forward hold. John and Michael collected the tools and necessary fixings that they would need on their new task. The extra help meant that the work would be completed quickly, and within three hours they had finished with the Bright Star preparing to leave the Last Chance space station, after paying their bill with some more of Rye’s platinum.
The four ex-marines had just finished their latest contract and were battle weary after spending four weeks deterring a band of vicious criminals from terrorising a mining camp on a colony planet. Therefore, they were looking forward to a well-paid lazy two or more weeks, for how could a tramp freighter board a pirate vessel, never mind locate it when it could be hidden anywhere up to fourteen light years away from the Bright Star’s current position.

**********

At the same time as the work aboard the Bright Star was finishing, the Gemini Freight was parked on a large rocky asteroid within the same system, for to go any further with only their normal space engine working was pointless. Inside their engineering department they were just finishing off their repairs, soon the vessel would be able to leave. Unfortunately, the damage done to the Stardrive was worse than the chief had imagined, and had taken much longer than he had originally calculated to repair. They would be unable to use it at its top speed, instead they would have to travel at the speed of a space tramp, such as the Bright Star, maybe even less.

**********

Assuming that the aliens were heading for the planet Titania, Alun headed in the direction of a planetary system which was on the way, it was some seven days away. This was where the freighter carrying the two writers would have to stop to refill its water tanks. The planet Oceanus was a small outpost of Earth which had large oceans and only a few colonists. The lack of colonists was because the inhabited land mass was about the size of New Zealand and was mostly mountainous. The two poles of the planet were composed of ice and snow, without any land beneath the ice, and were too bleak and cold to settle down on.
Moving off at their best normal space speed they headed for the heliopause of the Proxima Centauri system, their scanner searching ahead of them for the Gemini Freight, which was now travelling under the name of the Hercules Star. Their new scanner system watched as their suspected prey leapt in to hyperspace as it reached the system’s heliopause, it seemed that the alien but highly professional space captain respected even their enemy’s outposts. With the Titan vessel on course for the planet Titania, the Bright Star also leapt forward, when it too reached the heliopause, the race was on, who, Alun wondered would win, it would be a close thing and one in their favour at the moment, for his instruments showed that they were slowly catching the Titan vessel. What he did not know was that Margolin did not want to strain his repairs, as he assumed that there was no one chasing him as of yet.

**********

The Bright Star had been slowly catching up with the Titan vessel for two days when Margolin had finally realised that he might have been was wrong in his assumption, someone could well be chasing after them. However, its relatively slow speed had confused him, for it was obviously not a space cruiser out of Earth. Margolin decided that the chasing vessel was close enough to scan with his own vessel’s powerful sensors. When the results came in, he found himself more confused, they were being chased by what appeared to be an armed tramp freighter. Why that ship, who were they and how had they identified his vessel as their intended prey, if his vessel was indeed the intended prey? He decided to exit Hyperspace and he slipped in to a system devoid of life. Ahead of them was a rocky minor planet, it had a small rocky moonlet in orbit around it, there was no water ice or free oxygen in this system. He smiled, if their pursuers were an innocent space tramp then it would pass this system by in hyperspace and he would apologise to it and continue with his own journey home. If it exited hyperspace then it was indeed chasing them and it would be destroyed by the missile that he would launch as he went in to a geostationary orbit on the minor planet’s far side. Because of his power problems, he did not want to use his plasma cannon, nor his defence shields, unless there was no other option, their prey could just get lucky and damage his vessel.

**********

Jonah had informed Alun of the alien vessel’s action and the information had brought him to the bridge of the Bright Star, it was two minutes before the freighter was due to exit hyperspace. Alun needed his crew on full alert, for there was a chance that the alien vessel just might launch an attack upon them before they had even seen it, something he might have done if he was in a similar situation to the Titan captain. The first thing that he did was to turn on the intercom and call the crew to battle stations, which meant that Soichi appeared on the bridge to take charge of their new plasma cannon. John Trance had joined Michael Patel in engineering and finally, the marines charged their weapons and prepared to repel boarders. Jonah was already on the bridge, sitting in the pilot’s seat today, this had left Alun free to think. There were no flashing lights, no loud klaxons, for this was just a tramp freighter.
“Soichi, power up the plasma cannon, let’s not go in like some novice out of space school.” Alun ordered.
Jonah now took the freighter out of hyperspace and Alun’s eyes were on their new scanner’s monitor, looking for signs of an ambush, however, there was no sign of their quarry. As the Bright Star approached the minor planet he knew why, the Titan vessel was obviously hidden behind it and was waiting to launch an attack upon them. In orbit around the minor planet, he noticed two moonlets, except his new scanner told him that one was a missile packed with explosive.
Alun turned to Soichi.
“Soichi, target the inner and much smaller of the two moonlets in orbit around the minor planet, the thin tubular one, it’s a missile left by out pirate friend and it is packed with explosives.”
Moments later Soichi replied.
“The plasma cannon is fully powered up Alun and I have locked it on to the missile.”
“Then fire the cannon as soon as we are in range, but watch out for any attempt by it to evade the plasma bolt.” Alun said and then turned to Jonah.
“The missile might well evade our plasma bolts Jonah, as soon as Soichi opens fire, take us on an evasive course that will finally bring us a lot closer to the nearside of the minor planet.”
“Alun,” Jonah replied anxiously, for it was obvious to him that Alun meant to use the freighter as a military vessel. “I have not trained to pilot one of our space fleet’s fast attack craft, just heavy civilian vessels.”
“Then change over with me Jonah,” Alun replied. “Because I have.”
With that Alun moved across the small bridge and took over the pilot’s seat, which was where he normally sat when on the bridge, while Jonah moved over to the scanner monitor and studied it. Jonah was feeling afraid, they were going in to battle against a captain who probably knew his business. He had not signed on to go to war, but he had signed on for a little more excitement than his previous berth allowed him, so he swallowed and prepared himself for whatever was about to happen. Alun had seen this mental adjustment and had smiled, he knew that when the fighting started, Jonah would be fine, just as Jonah had been when they had been on the planet Pen Draig. Alun now turned his full attention to the approaching missile. Soichi had been in battle before and so although anxious about the coming battle, it did not show on face. In any case, he had signed on to man the plasma cannon, which meant that at least one space battle was a certainty. In engineering, Michael Patel had also realised that there was every chance of a space battle, it was why Alun needed a larger crew. As for John Trance, he trusted Alun to ensure that the freighter came through intact, just as he had at Pen Draig and later at the alien space station.
“Jonah, keep a watch out for the Q-ship, it probably will not sit this battle out, not when it sees that we are trying to destroy its missile before its missile destroys us.” Alun warned his friend.
“Trying?” Jonah replied anxiously.
“Don’t worry Jonah,” Soichi said. “I am not about to let a missile get the better of me.”
Alun knew that the missile was much more manoeuvrable than his aging freighter, but he was an ex-space fleet captain and he knew how the electronic brain of a small missile such as this one worked, they could be out-manoeuvred, out-thought and lastly, out-fought.
Unnoticed by anyone, Wilmot-Ballinger had come on to the bridge, he was both worried by the coming battle and relieved that they had caught up with the kidnappers.
“Alun,” He said anxiously. “Please do not forget that my son and his wife are probably aboard that vessel.”
“They should be fine Rye,” Alun said. “In any case, presently we are going up against a missile, not the Q-ship itself.”
Alun now shut out the industrialist and concentrated on the approaching missile and the minor planet. He called across to Soichi.
“Keep it away from us Soichi, we need time to get this old tub nearer to the planet’s surface, then we can use its terrain to evade it, which will give us the time to become the hunter. I mean to lay in wait for it, that will give you the chance to destroy it.”
“Will do Alun, although the plasma cannon will take power away from our engine.”
“Speed is not as important as the extra time will be, Soichi, it will cover our lack of manoeuvrability.”
Soichi nodded and seconds later a plasma bolt shot out from the bows of the Bright Star, its course, the missile, this was followed by a second bolt that was aimed to the right of the first bolt. The missile’s brain would see the second bolt primarily as designed to take it out if it veered to its left, so it veered to its right, away from the minor planet and further away from the Bright Star which Alun had taken towards the planet just seconds after the second plasma bolt had been fired.
As the two plasma bolts passed it by, the missile began to turn back towards the Bright Star, its change of course coincided with two more plasma bolts being fired by Soichi making the missile swerve away from them only to find that two more plasma bolts had been fired in anticipation of its course change. The Bright Star was now flying just above the surface of the minor planet at speed, ahead of them was a long deep valley. He dropped a remote sensing device that had been attached to the underside of the freighter, it landed just feet in front of the beginning of the valley, it had come as part of the package that included their new scanner and cannon. It had not been protected by a copper cage as it needed to be dropped, otherwise it would have been a useless attachment. Alun took them in to the valley that ran for miles on the minor planet, but after five seconds the valley suddenly turned in to a large crater before continuing on, which he had observed as they had approached the minor planet. Alun warned everyone to hold on tight, he then turned the freighter about in a tight g-force creating turn that made the freighter’s horizontal thrusters scream in pain and made him and the crew pray to whichever god they believed in to come to their aid. Now pointing back towards part of the valley they had already traversed; he took the Bright Star back in to the valley and along to its start. Here he settled the freighter down upon the hard rock and waited for his sensor to scream out its warning. The sensor was not an active model, it was a passive one, so the missile would not have the time to note its presence, not until too late.
The alien missile was soon chasing them down and even before it appeared in view, the sensor had noted its presence and warned them of the missile’s course, speed and elevation, constantly updating the data. All of this happened over the course of a matter of seconds, the information was instantly conveyed to the computer within the new weapons console, which had been set to fire three plasma bolts automatically, one after the other. Without Soichi moving a finger, the weapon’s computer shot off three fast moving plasma bolts of energy, it was the first that made contact, the resultant explosion sending pieces of the missile either in to the hard rock of the planet’s surface or shooting off in to space.
When the missile’s signal cut off, Margolin did not know if it had destroyed their enemy, or if their enemy had destroyed it. That their enemy was not a Q-ship was obvious, his own one would have taken out the missile with an electronic defensive weapon, which his instruments had not detected on the enemy vessel. So, who were they? He decided that because of their own reduced power, he would not wait until they reached the heliopause of this system, he would immediately take his vessel back in to hyperspace, maybe the move would leave their enemy flat-footed and in doing so, lose them, if they had survived the battle that is.
“Helmsman, take us in to hyperspace now, we need to be away from here and be damned with the local rules of space travel.”
As soon as they had destroyed the missile, Alun took the Bright Star back to their remote sensor, it was now moving towards them and it magnetically latched on to their exterior hull. Alun now took them around to the other side of the minor planet at speed, to see the open hyperspace window and the alien vessel shooting towards it.
He did not have the time to think, it was either joining them in their breach of space rules or lose their prey, he decided to join them, as he sped towards the still open hyperspace window, he turned on the intercom and said to his crew and passengers.
“Hang on everyone, we are going in to hyperspace now.”
And no sooner had he said it then the Bright Star leapt forward chasing their enemy, one that had fled the scene of battle in a move that he had voided. On their way, Alun turned the intercom back on to explain his illegal move.
“Thankfully, the system we have just left was uninhabited, if it had been, we would have lost our quarry for good, for we would have had to wait until we had reached the system’s heliopause before jumping. As it is, our new scanner is following their trail through hyperspace and it will tell us when they exit it. They, on the other hand, will not know if the turbulence behind them is their own trail or ours, we have the advantage now and when they drop out of hyperspace, as I believe they must do to restock on water, we will join them in battle.”
These words caused Rye some apprehension, and with fear beginning to make its presence felt within him, he spoke to Alun again.
“Alun, I once again must remind you, please do not forget that my son and his wife are probably aboard that vessel.”
“Rye, we will only target their engineering department, your son and his wife should not be anywhere near that section of the vessel.” Alun said reassuringly. “Jonah has scanned the vessel, he has found what looks to be the alien’s brig positioned amidships, within their hold. Otherwise, they could be in the accommodation section which further forward again.”
“I hope so Alun, I would hate to think that my money paid for their untimely deaths.”
Alun also hoped that this would be the case, and he also hoped that Michaelson had despatched a space cruiser to join in the chase, because without their superior firepower, the Titan vessel would not surrender to the Bright Star. Unfortunately, he had heard nothing from Michaelson to suggest that he had done so. Which is why he had sought to reassure the industrialist.
“Rye, we will be careful with our shots, but we must knock their Stardrive off-line, we cannot board her, for they probably have a much larger crew than we do, one which will be better armed and trained to kill. To save your son and his wife we need to threaten the crew’s very existence, nothing else will do. Not to attack them would mean that we could only follow them back to Titan space and then one of their cruisers will step in to remind us of our own vulnerability.”
Rye accepted his explanation and seemed to be reassured by Alun’s words and he put his thoughts in to words.
“I understand Alun, we either attack them or I lose my son and his wife forever, do whatever you must to get them back, even if it does mean that you must endanger their lives to do it.”
Earth had sent cruisers to the border between the two space powers, but it was a long border and Alun still did not have proof that the three kidnap victims were aboard the Titan space vessel. In any case, if Titan sent cruisers to meet up with their Q-ship then a space war could easily erupt. Better to take out the Q-ship sooner rather than later, even if it endangered the lives aboard both vessels.
The four marines meanwhile, had now realised that their days of idleness were at an end, they needed to know their battleground, the Bright Star that is, so that if the vessel was boarded that they would have the home advantage. They therefore took the time to investigate every nook, cranny, passageway and service duct aboard the vessel. Days passed uneventfully; the two space vessels raced through hyperspace towards the ocean world of Oceanus. Finally, they had a call from Earth, it was a junior officer calling on behalf of Admiral Michaelson.
“Captain Alun Reece of the freighter Bright Star, I have an urgent message from Admiral Michaelson, he needs to know your exact position and how your search is proceeding.”
Alun smiled and said to anyone near enough to hear him. “At last, he wants to talk to us, even if it is only to ask a question.” He then answered the call.
“This is Captain Reece, please tell the admiral that we are in pursuit of the kidnappers who have just dropped out of hyperspace at the Oceanus planetary system. We believe, but do not know for certain, that the kidnappers have all three missing persons aboard their vessel. We are about to go in to battle against them, tell the admiral not to spare the horses.”

**********

Captain Medraut, was of the race known to many worlds as the mythical race of the Seeders, but known to themselves as Valhallans. He was a relative of Hereweald, someone whom Alun had met while on Pen Draig and had joined in battle against him. His vessel was approaching Earth on a mission that had been sanctioned by no one other than himself. When he heard the call, he smiled and turning to his helmsman, he said.
“Turn us around Rience, we are heading for the Earth colony planet Oceanus. Keep to quarter speed, we do not want to advertise our presence in this area of space.”

**********

The two vessels, the Bright Star and the Titan vessel, dropped out of hyperspace near to the small Earth colony of Oceanus, named of course because it was a planet whose surface was covered mostly by water, except that is for one large mountainous island where the colonists lived. It was a very quiet peaceful planet with a few highland farms and hamlets spread along the length of the island along with a sprinkling of fishing villages. A newcomer, who was also a multi-billionaire, had seen a way to increase his bank balance by building the planet’s first city, to attract more colonists to Oceanus. The city was to be built upon and below the surface of the ocean, the building material would mainly have to come from Earth or one of its colonies.
Well before the Bright Star was within range, Alun had announced battle stations over the intercom, Jonah, who was sitting at the scanning console, looked over at Alun and said to him.
“Alun, our new scanner tells me that vessel has a similar plasma cannon to our one, but it has a much larger crew than we do, therefore it is not a freighter, unless it is carrying a lot of passengers, and it is also packed with masses of electronic equipment.”
“Therefore, it could well be the Q-ship that I believe it to be.” Alun replied and then added. “Keep a close watch on its power levels Jonah, if it charges its plasma cannon, I want to know about it, that will give us the excuse for powering up our own weapon.”
“Soichi, on my order only, prepare to fire a spread of plasma bolts at the alien vessel, target their engineering department, as Rye has reminded us, we have been hired to rescue Richard and Ruth Wilmot-Ballinger, not to kill them.”
“Will do Alun.” Soichi replied and he did prepare to do just that.
Jonah then called across to Alun.
“Alun, they are charging up their weapon.”
“Soichi,” Alun said very calmly. “Charge up our plasma cannon.”
“Aye, aye, Captain.” Soichi replied and prepared mentally to go in to battle.

**********

Two minutes prior, on board the Titan vessel, Margolin’s main computer advised him that a vessel had followed them out of hyperspace. He immediately went across to the scanner’s monitor to see what it had to tell him, it told him plenty. He turned to Arcturus.
“Demi-Major, our shadow is still with us, charge up our plasma cannon.”
Margolin then ordered the helmsman to sound action stations.
Arcturus went across to the weapon’s console and pressed the icon that told the computer to charge their main weapon. The computer did have voice activation; however, Arcturus had never trusted the computer software that went with it, it occasionally mis-heard orders and he did not want their defence shields to drop when going in to battle.
Arcturus then turned to Margolin and told him one of his darker thoughts.
“Captain, the Earth vessel captain, he could be homing a space cruiser on to us.”
“My very thoughts Demi-Major.” Margolin replied and then turned again to the helmsman. “Sirius, turn sharply about and head back towards the Earth vessel. We are going in to battle.”
Margolin then turned back to Arcturus.
“Demi-Major, raise our defence shields and as soon as we come in to range, destroy our shadow.”

**********

Alun immediately noticed the sharp change of course made by the alien vessel, his expression changed, there was excitement showing, but his eyes were also tinged with a look of hard steel. He knew that the sharp turn could only be made by a warship, no civilian vessel had the need for such power, such manoeuvrability. He turned to Soichi and said to him.
“Soichi, that sharp turn confirms them as a warship, make sure that we open fire before they do, we need to stop them before they stop us.”
Not sporting, well he was not the captain of a Q-ship and therefore, he needed an edge, a large one. In any case, the alien vessel had not only charged up its plasma cannon first and raised its defence shields, it had also entered hyperspace before it had reached the last system’s heliopause and launched a missile against them.
Alun, sitting in the pilot’s seat took them forward, but at an angle, this was to allow Soichi to aim at the alien’s engineering department. Seconds later, Soichi pressed the Fire icon on his monitor. Five bolts of plasma shot from the bows of the Bright Star, each taking on a slightly course, Soichi having pre-set this instruction in to the weapon’s computer when Alun had given his previous order.
Alun watched as the powerful bolts of energy fanned out, each bolt slightly behind the previous one. Then he used his port thrusters to push his speeding ship to starboard at the same time he used his vertically thrusters to take his vessel down beneath the rapidly approaching ship. A micro second later and he saw that the Titan vessel had also fired, but its bolts of energy would miss his vessel due to his timely change in course and altitude, they had fired too soon. Had he too made the same mistake? A second later and he realised that at least one of their five plasma bolts had struck the enemy vessel, for water was streaming behind the damaged vessel and turning to ice, the plasma bolt had holed one of the alien’s water tanks at the very least, that would surely delay them.
The two vessels were slowly moving away from one another as each attempted to dodge the incoming energy bolts, but finally Alun was able to turn the freighter back towards the alien ship, handling the Bright Star like a fast attack vessel. The screaming from the engine showed once again that it did not appreciate it, but as his two engineers had not called on him to stop this madness, he carried on treating his tramp freighter as a fast attack craft. He then called across to Soichi with a reminder, one he knew was probably not needed.
“Remember, Soichi, only target their engineering department, we do not want to kill the three kidnap victims, and keep on firing at them until we destroy their Stardrive.”

**********

“Who in hell is piloting that freighter, he must be insane, that or he is the best pilot that the space fleet of Earth possesses!” Margolin exclaimed “Power up the electrical deactivation device Arcturus, let`s see how he manages to evade both our plasma bolts and it at the same time.”
As Arcturus obeyed the order, Margolin urged his own helmsman to make even tighter turns, to emulate their skilled opponent. Of course, the Q-ship was larger and more massive than the Bright Star, this part way negated the fact that the Q-ship had better engines, for it needed some of its extra power to change course or altitude.
In response to Margolin’s words, the helmsman did indeed try to emulate their enemy and with their own just repaired engine also screaming out for mercy, the alien vessel finally was able to target the Bright Star. Five plasma bolts shot across space towards the Bright Star and Margolin almost cried in frustration as the first four missed their target. The fifth plasma bolt though had the length of the Bright Star in its sights and in seconds would explode against its lightly protected hull.

**********

Alun had made the Bright Star twist and turn with positive results as four of the five plasma bolts fired by the Titans had missed the Bright Star, but he knew that the fifth plasma bolt must strike his aging freighter. In a final attempt to minimise the damage he used his thrusters to roll the ship. As the Bright Star attempted the manoeuvre. it shuddered as the sound of an explosion erupted out of the number four hold and rushed through the freighter. The vibrations from the powerful explosion also caused the power from their Stardrive to fluctuate wildly, for the plasma bolt had impacted directly beneath the Stardrive. The shaking and the terrible noise of the explosion, the fluctuating power supply, it had all gone to leave the crew and passengers stunned and scared, only able to carry on after hearing Alun’s voice, for he knew that he had to calm everyone’s nerves if they were to carry on. His own heart had jumped in to his throat when, along with the thought that due to his foolish desire for excitement, his crew might be about to lose their lives, certainly the Stardrive had threatened to go down.
“Take heart my friends, it only struck the underside of our number four hold, the rest of the ship is still intact.” He stopped speaking for a second and then asked of anyone. “My, god, were the marines in that hold?”
“No, Alun, I moved them to the emergency airlock, I thought that it would be safer there.” Jonah replied.
The manoeuvres that the Titan helmsman had made to target the Bright Star, coupled with ones made by Alun immediately after his ship had been damaged, had left the Titan vessel dangerously exposed. Seconds later, Soichi sent two plasma bolts directly into the alien’s newly repaired engineering department, destroying their Stardrive completely and killing everyone inside the alien vessel’s engineering department. Unfortunately, for Alun and his crew, their own Stardrive chose that moment to go down just as they were about to celebrate their victory, the powerful vibrations of the explosion within number four hold, the calls put upon it by the constant use of the plasma cannon and the frequent 90° changes of course, the changes in attitude using the thrusters, were just too much for it to take.
Alun’s cries of jubilation were left unheard as the soft vibrations from their Stardrive that permeated the entire vessel cut out. He knew what it meant, and that they needed to return to the battle before the aliens managed to come up with a plan that could win them the battle. Needing some sort of a weapon, Alun called John Trance on the intercom.
“John, are you and Michael all right, has the Stardrive been damaged?”
“We are both fine Alun, however, the Stardrive is down, you do realise that the Bright Star is a freighter and not a fast attack vessel. I am surprised that it lasted so long, unfortunately, the vibrations from the explosion coupled to it being thrown around for the last ten minutes were too much for it.” John replied and then a thought occurred to him. “How about the other side, the Titan vessel, how are they?” John asked anxiously.
“Have no fear John, Soichi took out the whole of their engineering department, therefore they are without both their Stardrive and their normal space drive. As for us, we are safe for the moment but I will need our plasma cannon, can you switch the plasma cannon over to the normal space drive?”
They had been using their Stardrive for the plasma weapon instead of their normal space engine because of the extra power that it gave them. Their normal space engine used some of the external parts of the Stardrive, which were undamaged, but its power came from a small nuclear reactor.
“Aye, Alun, but not only will it necessitate reducing our speed during the period when you intend to use it, the plasma bolt will also be a muted affair.” John replied as he signalled Michael Patel to comply with Alun’s request. He then said to Alun.
“My monitor is showing that the two rear vertical thrusters are down, as are the two rear landing legs, they will all have to be looked at before we can land on Oceanus for repairs.”
Alun acknowledged the bad news, but he pushed it to the back of his mind for later, when the Titan problem had been resolved.
In space the two vessels closed upon one another, Alun allowed this to happen because once they had the plasma cannon back on line, he would be able to demonstrate the alternative to not surrendering. As for Margolin, he could do nothing about the looming presence of his enemy, because he no longer had an engineering department, not even one needing urgent repairs, he needed to board and take the alien freighter, or warship as he now thought of it.

**********

Two minutes earlier, Margolin and his entire crew had been celebrating their success at hitting their enemy, then the two plasma bolts had impacted against their engineering department, setting off the emergency alarms and causing the crash doors leading to engineering to slam shut, now they were merely stunned as they waited for death within their own departments. The emergency lighting had come on and Margolin, struggling through the surprise of their imminent defeat, needed to turn off everything that was not immediately needed and so he turned on the intercom.
“All crew members, report to the main hanger now, environmental will be turned off in all other sections. Remember to collect our prisoners, we will need them alive, not dead.”
Margolin gave them two minutes to leave the other sections and then he deactivated the environmental system in all sections of the vessel except for the bridge, the main hanger bay and the passageway leading between the two sections which passed by the main airlock. He then turned to Arcturus.
“Arcturus, fire the electrical deactivation weapon while we still can, and before that mad man gets in to position for another shot at us.”
The icon for the electronic deactivation weapon was already showing that it was charged up on the weapon’s computer monitor and it just needed him to identify the target. With the likelihood that they could be targeted again by the Bright Star, Arcturus quickly identified their target and pressed the fire button.
A stream of electricity shot between the two vessels, the charge once again appearing to be almost alive as it surged across space and when it reached the Bright Star, it rippled along the vessel’s hull. However, the work done back at the Last Chance space station stopped it from deactivating the electrical hardware on the outer hull of the Bright Star. Margolin and Arcturus were shocked when their sensors, working on battery power alone, told them that their weapon had failed to work, their eyes met and both mentally asked what had gone wrong. Moments later and the weapon was exhausted and the stream of electricity stopped.
“That leaves us with only one other weapon, ourselves, we must board the freighter while we are close to it, then we will take it away from its present captain. Come my friend, our vessel is finished, let us join our crew on the hanger deck, for we two will lead the attack.”
From the hanger bay, Margolin contacted the Bright Star in a bid to give his crew time to don their lightweight space suits.
“I am Captain Margolin of the freighter Hercules Star, you have destroyed our Stardrive and we would like to surrender to you. I trust that you will treat us well, even if you are pirates.”
Alun ignored the attempt to put the blame on to him by calling him a pirate, he had heard this line before when he had been with the space fleet of Earth.
“Captain Margolin of the freighter Gemini Freight, I want to speak to your prisoners, to ensure that they are all alive.”
While he spoke, Jonah looked again at the scan he had made earlier of the Stardrive on the Hercules Star, if it was a freighter its engine would be similar to their own. However, the size of the thrust chamber of its Stardrive showed that it was built for speed, not for carrying low-cost freight around the various solar systems. This information Jonah sent across to the monitor in front of Alun who read it as Margolin replied.
“This is the freighter Hercules Star not the Gemini Freight, we are a peaceful cargo vessel, you have made a grave mistake when you destroyed our vessel, murdering some of our crew.”
Before replying, Alun spoke to Jonah who was at the scanner monitor.
“Jonah, where is the crew on the alien vessel?”
“They have mostly gathered in what is probably the hanger bay of the vessel. Now why is that, Alun?”
Alun spoke to his crew via the intercom.
“They are using delaying tactics, as our two vessels are relatively close together, they must be about to make an attempt to board us, but we will soon make them sorry for attempting such a thing.”
Alun now replied to Margolin.
“Enough, Captain, do you surrender or must I force you to do so.”
Their three kidnap victims, with two men left to guard them, had been taken up to the main airlock to wait there until Margolin had taken the Bright Star. The other thirty-five aliens had on their lightweight space suits so Margolin did not reply to Alun, instead he had the demolition charges on board his vessel activated for use, one of the remaining two crewmen could do this at the moment that he transferred across to the Bright Star. Then he de-pressurised the hanger bay and with everyone sitting on the twenty two-man chariots, they flew out of the hanger bay and swarmed towards the Bright Star.
Jonah was the first to know about the attack, he saw the life-forms leave the alien vessel en-masse, leaving just a small group of life-forms aboard it, at the main airlock. The scanner also told him that the approaching aliens were riding on chariots. He immediately told Alun who smiled. Alun’s uncle, the former captain and owner of the Bright Star, had used electrical cable to link the external hull plating to their normal space engine, it was to protect against space pirates who had once operated near to some of the colonies of Earth. Seated in the pilot’s chair, Alun prepared to activate a switch on the pilot’s console.
“Forget about charging the plasma cannon for the moment Soichi, I need the power to defend both our airlocks and our hull, we need to prevent the approaching chariots and their crew from touching the outer hull of the Bright Star. Warn, John, not to disconnect anything when he attempts to connect the plasma cannon to the NSE.”
Soichi immediately told John about the change in plans and why, which meant that he and Michael could rest a while. As the aliens reached the Bright Star and prepared to get off their chariots, Alun activated a switch which sent an electrical current to the outer hull surface of the Bright Star, excepting those parts protected by their cages, which of course were also live now. As the chariots touched down on the outer hull of the Bright Star, they were each subjected to a continuous flow of electricity which blew their electrical hardware and made them no more than expensive ornaments. As for the boarding crew, they too were electrocuted by a non-fatal charge making each man jump away from the chariots and the hull of the Bright Star. This meant that they all drifted away from the freighter and had no way to return to their own stricken vessel. Their cries for help were heard by their own stricken shipmates and the crew of the Bright Star, but not the two remaining aliens waiting inside the alien vessel. For they were not wearing space suits, as they were waiting for the docking tube from the Bright Star to connect up to their vessel. Alun gave the alien captain a choice, live or die.
“Captain Margolin, I will gladly rescue you and your boarding party from a cold death in space, throw away all of your weapons and surrender unconditionally, or else I will take my vessel away.”
Margolin saw no other way out but to surrender, although once safe, he secretly reserved the right to plot and plan to take over the Bright Star, so he readily agreed to Alun’s terms.
Inside hold number three, the four marines, each in a space suit, cut away the copper cage around the airlock and pulled the cage inside. They then fired a cable to each of the aliens in turn and hauled them to safety where they were searched for a weapon. When all of them were safely aboard, the airlock was closed, locking out the cold eternal emptiness of space. The four marines left them, exiting via one of the twin crash doors, taking Margolin with them. Alun then informed the Titans within the hold that the hold would remain without air for the next four hours, which as the Titan air bottles would last them for longer than this, their lives were not endangered. This move prevented them from attempting to escape along an airduct, their suits and air bottles were simply too bulky. Margolin was brought up to the bridge and Alun demanded to know where the kidnap victims were, he saw no point in arguing anymore and told Alun where to find them. Margolin was then searched for weapons and then taken to the vessel’s small brig and locked inside it.
While this was happening, Jonah and Soichi left the number two hold aboard two one-man chariots and connected a cable to each of the alien’s two-man chariots. When all were linked together, they returned to the hold and hauled their valuable prizes in, these when repaired by John Trance and Michael Patel, they would be sold providing Alun and his crew with some welcome credits.
Alun used his vessel’s thrusters to close on the alien vessel and when the two main airlocks were near to one another, Alun sent across their docking tube. The four marines crossed over to the alien vessel and opened the outer airlock of the alien vessel. The two alien crewmen opened the inner airlock door and, surprised to see the enemy standing there, were taken prisoner without a shot being fired, the three kidnap victims were finally free. As the second of the two aliens moved towards the inner airlock door, he spoke in to the intercom which were set at various points around the ship and this one was already connected to the main computer. He said just one word in his own language. “Titania.” The computer was waiting for the self-destruct order to be completed and with it completed, the self-destruct begun to count down in silence, then he followed the others on to the docking tube and on to the Bright Star. As for the marines, they thought nothing of a crewman speaking in his own language as he was taken prisoner, they too would have sworn if the positions had been reversed.
With everyone back on board the Bright Star, Alun took his vessel away from the stricken alien vessel, for he had an idea that the alien captain might have left orders for the destruction of his vessel and he wanted to be at a safe distance if it were so.
As the true scale of the problem facing the crew of the Bright Star sank in, the problem of keeping so many prisoners under their control, their new scanner registered the arrival of a large vessel coming out of hyperspace.
The space cruiser Retribution had arrived from Earth, sent in response to Alun’s earlier call, although why Earth had not warned him of its imminent arrival he never did learn, but its presence was very welcome. He assumed that the reason had to do with political and security concerns, they did not want Titania knowing that the space fleet of Earth had been involved in the destruction of their Q-ship. Although how Titania could have made political mischief out of that he could not think. However, at least the prisoners were taken aboard the cruiser in hobbles. The officers were led down to the vessel’s brig and there they were locked away, the crew were confined in an empty hold, specially adapted just for this purpose. This is why the Retribution took so long to catch up with the Bright Star, for the engineers had to finish this work before the vessel could leave the space dock.
It was at this moment that some 500 miles away, the self-destruct countdown aboard the alien vessel ended and the ship exploded, destroying all evidence that it had come from the planet Titania. Captain Colin Regan of the Retribution did not even mention it, it was a non-event, and after wishing them speedy repairs, the space cruiser returned to Earth.
Alun could hardly believe it, no offer of assistance, no offer to wait until the repairs were completed, no offer to take the kidnap victims back with it, nothing. The visit had been so short that it left everyone aboard the Bright Star feeling a little dazed. They had a large hole in number four hold which need repairing before they could land on the planet Oceanus. Otherwise, the planet’s atmosphere would enter the vessel via the large hole, and that, at the very least, would make manoeuvring difficult, that or worse. The thrusters needed looking at, as too would the landing legs, and only when they were down on the planet’s surface could they hope to repair their Stardrive. To repair the large hole in their hull, they used metal sheets from the alien vessel, for not everything had been destroyed in the explosion, for it was not a thermonuclear device that the aliens had used, and this saved them from taking metal sheets from their own internal passageways. The two vertical thrusters and the landing legs had to be repaired in space, eight hours of space walks later, although they were able to make use of their own one-man chariots, and the repairs were completed. The two engineers, as well as Jonah and Alun, all took a turn outside and all were exhausted when they were finally finished. Alun was relieved but satisfied, for they now had sufficient funds to last them for some time, would he keep his new crewmen on, yes, for their deeds today might well attract further business to them, and maybe they might be of the serious kind, but that sort sure made life interesting. Alun thought that their troubles were all over, but he should have known better.

Chapter Three
Oceanus

Beneath the deep waters of the planet, an intelligent race, the Cymopoleia, had evolved to rule the water world, but only beneath the waves. They were humanoid in shape with a light blue speckled skin, they had two large eyes, a widish mouth which contained thirty-two sharp teeth, but they did not have a nose as such, rather they sensed smell through two small holes set just above their mouth. They also possessed gills, which were set on their cheeks and through which they exhaled, inhaling air or water in through their mouths. They had two arms, webbed hands with long fingers, two legs, not a large tail like a mermaid, they had webbed feet and their toes possessed sharp talons to aid them when battling the many dangerous sea creatures that shared their realm. They did not have any visible ears, but they could hear as they possessed an inner ear, nor did they have any hair. Clothing was an item that was not strictly necessary, not in the warmer parts of the oceans that held many tribes of the Cymopoleia. However, those in the colder waters did wear clothes, of a sort, and the trend had been passed on to the Oceanides. Originally, it was fashioned out of seaweed and shells, but since the earthmen had arrived, the Oceanides had seen their type of clothing as the height of fashion, and they used shark-skin to replicate it. To clean the skin, they used tools made of volcanic rock and to cut it in to size they used their sharp knives made from obsidian, which was also provided by one of the dead volcanoes that had created the land where the earthmen now lived. White turritella sea shells were used for buttons, drilled and tied on with hardy seaweed.
The Oceanides were just one of the tribes of the Cymopoleia and they lived in the Western Ocean. They had initially ignored the colonists when first they had settled on the small land mass of Oceanus. However, when the colonists began to build a city on the surface of the ocean, the tribe had begun to feel threatened by them and the mood amongst the Oceanides changed towards the colonists. Telchines, the chief of the Oceanides looked across the tribe’s meeting place and called for hush amongst his council, then he began to talk.
“We have made a big mistake my friends, when we allowed the newcomers to fish our ocean, we should have forced them to leave our waters alone as soon as they caught their first Mparmpouvi. We must destroy the roof that they are constructing over our heads, and the caves that hang from the roof, and before they cover all of our surface waters and stop any of the life-giving light from shining down upon us each new day.”
“The roof will cause the waters to cool as well Telchines, then our enemy, the Airaloovik, will invade our lands and steal our fish,” Achelous said. “For they can tolerate the cooler water far better than we are able to do.”
Achelous was one of the elders of the tribe and considered very wise and his words regarding their enemy, who lived in the colder waters to the north of that ruled over by the Oceanides, caused fear to enter the hearts of the council.
“I will lead our people tonight, when the lights of the invaders go out and they sleep. We will begin the destruction of their roof.” Thalassa the war chief declared boldly, for he for one did not fear their land-based enemy.

**********

The journey through the atmosphere of Oceanus was uneventful for the crew of the Bright Star and they were soon hovering over their chosen landing site. Finally, the Bright Star was down and resting on the solid ground of Oceanus, here the crew meant to repair their Stardrive and also to check that there was nothing else that needed their attention. Their chosen landing site was near to Seascape, the largest of the many villages that lined the coastline and their coming had caused some excitement among the colonists. When they had discovered that the reason for the visit was to repair the freighter, which had been damaged in a battle against a space pirate, through which they had come victorious, the village elders invited the crew to a party to celebrate both their unexpected visit and their victory.

**********

Thalassa led the way from their coastal hunting ground, twenty warriors accompanied him. As he neared the construction site of the new city, of which only the buildings on the ground floor and the sub-floor had been begun. Thalassa swam up to the surface and put his head out of the water. He gazed at the few lights still shining in the land dwellers’ village, some half a mile away across the still water, then as he began to turn his head to look at the new city, his eyes grew wide. They had come to rest upon the Bright Star, which was half a mile away on the land mass and whose landing lights illuminated the underside of the freighter. He had never before seen such a large dwelling, surely the chieftain must live here, Thalassa thought. He dove back down to his waiting warriors and told them to destroy the roof, he would attack the house of the chieftain of the village.
It should be explained that previously, the starships that visited Oceanus had always landed inland, but this time the small space port was full of building supplies for the new city and would remain in this state until the supplies had used or moved to make room for the next shipment.
As the warriors swam up to the site of the new city to destroy whatever they could find, Thalassa swam across to the shore and crept out of the water and silently and all alone, he headed towards the freighter. The loading ramp to the 1st hold was open and although feeling a little scared, he forced himself to walk up it and in to the large dark hold of the freighter which was only lit by the emergency lighting. Seeing no one, he walked up the steps to the upper deck and walked through the silent freighter until he came to the engineering department. As his eyes took in the massive Stardrive and the computers that lined the bulkheads, he thought that a god must live here, not a mere chieftain. On the floor and workbenches, parts of the Stardrive were waiting to be cleaned, checked and finally replaced, and seeing a particularly impressive looking piece of equipment, the main processing unit, he picked it up. Still, no one appeared, so he decided to take the piece, for he had never owned anything that had once belonged to a god. Hurrying back through the ship, he departed the same way that he had entered by, and ran for the life-giving ocean and once within its warm waters he swam back towards the partially built water borne city, and his warriors.
By the time that he had returned to them, they had finished their work, weeks of work had been destroyed along with a stockpile of parts waiting to be fitted in to the apartments of the future buyers. Apart from the destruction, the only sign that they had been there were their strangely shaped wet footprints. Before they left the area, they had attempted to move the supports that held up the city structure, but they had found that they were too well embedded in to the rock beneath the sandy sea-floor.

**********

The first anyone knew of the destruction at the city and the theft from the Bright Star was after breakfast. John and Michael spent ten minutes looking for the processing unit before they noticed one footprint shaped mark on the floor which, unlike the others, had not dried. They took their problem to Alun, who was talking to Rye on the bridge of the starship. It was John Trance who reported the bad news.
“Alun, we have a problem, someone has taken a vital part of our Stardrive, it’s the main processing unit. We both know where we put it and it is not there now, we have searched engineering, even looked at the Stardrive in case someone had put it there, but no. Without it, we will have to wait for a replacement from Earth and that means that we are all stranded on Oceanus until a passing vessel drops in with it.”
Michael Patel then told them of their other find.
“We did find an odd shaped print of someone’s bare foot in engineering, it was right in front of the bench that held the missing processer.”
The four men walked down to study the footprint, but not one of them could identify it.
“It appears to be human, but there are four marks in front of the toes. Could they be very long toenails, if so, the search should be over quickly, even if they are wearing shoes, because they would have to be open toed.” Alun said after studying it.
He then took a photo of the footprint before it disappeared, as unknown to them the others had done. Alun left the two engineers to continue putting the NSE back together, the main part of the Stardrive would now have to wait, while he went out to speak to his crew, however, they had not moved the valuable processer. He and Jonah then walked in to the village of Seascape where they sought out the local mayor to speak to him about the theft, in case a local had taken it without realising its importance. His reply shocked the two men.
“Oh, they visited your ship as well as the new city, well you got off lightly gentlemen, because they set the completion date for the new city back by months.”
The mayor then showed them the photographs that he had taken, both of the damage and the footprints.
“I noticed the toenails as well gentlemen, all the footprints show them, but I have no idea who they belong to.”
Just then, John Henry, a local fisherman ran up to the group, he owned a small fishing boat and made a living selling fish to the locals as well as the hamlets located in the hill country.
“Mayor, ten strange creatures came out of the ocean and knocked me and my crew about, then they stole my catch, smashed up my fishing boat and then they dove back in to the water and disappeared beneath the waves. We only managed to get back because Joe Black happened to be passing, he towed us back here.”
Unfortunately, Joe Black could not add anything further as regards the attack, having only seen the wrecked fishing boat, but he did say.
“Mayor, you will have to do something, provide us with armed guards, that or the weapons to protect ourselves with while we are fishing, because you can hardly expect fisherman to risk their lives feeding the people of Oceanus, not with those dangerous creatures out there.”
Another fisherman had stopped to listen and when Joe Black had said his piece, the fisherman said.
“My god, Mayor, I have heard rumours from some of the fishermen living in the nearby village of New Brighton, they told me of their seeing Mermen, but I did not believe their stories, until now. I thought they were just more drunken tales. We have all heard how the people of New Brighton like to celebrate come the weekend.”
Alun looked at Jonah and said grimly.
“Jonah, we will have to set up a watch tonight, we can hardly afford a second visit from our fishy friends, who knows what they will do on their next visit.”
Alun then turned back to mayor.
“Mayor, I am thinking that we might be able to locate your oceanic neighbours, we can use our new scanner to search for human sized life forms beneath the ocean near to your town.”
“But can you lift off Captain, what with your Stardrive being down?”
“Yes, Mayor, our two engineers are already reassembling the Stardrive, we can then lift off using our normal space engine, and our thrusters and retro engines are also powered by it. Luckily, we checked the repairs that we made in space to the thrusters and landing legs after landing, and they are both fine, as too is the patch to number four hold. If our intruders are not too deep, or within a cave, we will locate them. It is not as if they are that far away, they surely cannot swim that fast, especially over long distances. If they committed their acts of vandalism and theft, say eight hours ago at the most, they should be within 25miles from us, and more probably no more than half that distance. If the latter distance is correct, that will give us just a 25-mile radius to search for human size life forms.” Alun replied.
“And what will you do if you can locate them Captain, does your freighter have an under-water capability?”
“No, Mayor, but one of your citizens does rent out water chariots, I have done a limited amount of diving in the oceans of Earth, so I will take a chariot down and attempt to communicate with them. Hopefully, I can find someone to accompany me down there, just in case I run in to trouble. If we can find these creatures, we just might be able to find out why they chose to attack you, after-all, your people have been living and fishing in this location for 50 years, so why now? I also need to know if they have my processor, if so, it will save me a lot of wasted time, for otherwise, I will have to wait for a replacement unit to arrive from Earth.”
The mayor mulled over what he had heard, but before he could reply, Alun asked.
“Can you think of any reason Mayor, why your aquatic neighbours should suddenly decide to attack your new city”
“I have no idea Captain, unless one of our fishermen did something.”
“Could it be to do with your new city, the initial building stage is already covering a fare piece of water and it must be casting quite a large shadow beneath the surface of the water?”
“It could be that Captain, yes on thinking about it, it could well be the reason behind the attack.”
“Then if we can communicate with your new neighbours, would you consider stopping the construction and dismantling what has already been erected?”
“Mr Rycot, the billionaire who is behind the project, has already spent a lot of money on his project, he might demand that we recompense him. We had better speak with him first, luckily, he is in the city right now, inspecting the damage.”
The mayor, Alun and Jonah, plus Joe Black, who provided his small fishing boat, the Sea Adventure, to take them across to the building site, went to talk to Rycot about the problem that both he and they faced. When they had updated him regarding the vandals and the possible reason behind the attack, he thought for a while, then Rycot smiled and said to Alun.
“Captain, if you do succeed in finding and communicating with them, see if they will agree to 100 houses, built in groups of five. Each house within the group would have to be connected together by wooden bridges, and the twenty groups of houses would be built at the same distance from the shore as the city and with a similar gap between each group of houses. This should allow enough sunlight through to warm and light the ocean, the smaller shaded areas might even encourage fish to gather there.” Rycot then asked.
“Just how are you going to communicate with them, they for sure as hell will not speak English?”
“I do not know Mr Rycot, sign language probably, but it will be both time consuming and exhausting,” Alun replied. “But we must at least try.”
Alun was not sure if the water creatures would even accept their offer, if their thoughts on the reason for the attack were even correct, but he did realise that the billionaire had gone a long way, taking in to account the money already spent by him on the city. He hoped that Rycot’s offer would help in finding a peaceful solution to the problem between the colonists and the native creatures of Oceanus.
As it was dangerous for a skin diver to dive alone, one of the ex-marines, Tom Lanyard, who also had some skin-diving experience, agreed to accompany Alun in to the deep, but first he had some questions.
“Captain, just how deep to you intend to go?”
“I do not intend to go deeper than thirty-five metres, although with luck it will be less. We will be making use of two of our ultra-lightweight space suits Tom, which can also be used underwater. Their advantage is that we will not need to stop to decompress when we return to the surface, the air that we breath will be at our normal pressure, one atmosphere.”
“But why did you ask for someone with skin diving experiences Captain, any of your crew could have assisted you?”
“Because, Tom, you never know just what will have happen down there, your experience under water could well come in handy.”
Tom smiled and said to Alun.
“Okay, Captain, I will accompany you in search of your mermen.”
Alun was grateful to him because it could well be a dangerous mission and one that Lanyard did not have to volunteer to go on. To make the mission more attractive, Rycot had offered anyone with the expertise required, and who agreed to accompany Alun, with a large one-off payment which would cover as many dives as it took to find and communicate with the sea creatures.
With the chariot supplied by the colonists, and attached by a tow rope to the Sea Adventure, the Bright Star lifted off with Jonah in command and Soichi sitting at the scanner console, their mission being to attempt to locate the sea creatures. Alun and Tom, both armed with plasma pistols in case the sea creatures launched an attack on the fishing boat, waited anxiously aboard the boat and the morning quickly turned in to the early afternoon.
Finally, Soichi found what could be the sea creatures, that or a large pod of dolphins, there was no way of telling, but Jonah called Alun on the radio and gave him the co-ordinates. An anxious Joe Black took the Sea Adventure away from the small harbour of Seascape and in to the ocean, when they were at the co-ordinates, Jonah called them again on the radio.
“Alun, they are about 100 yards away from you due north. There are ten creatures close together and a further thirty spread around a five-mile-wide area of water. However, our scanner shows at least 200 more within 25 miles of Seascape. If there are similar numbers along the entire coastline then that adds up to a large number of the creatures, never mind the ones living further off shore.”
Alun and Tom put on their air tanks and slipped over the side of the fishing vessel, leaving their weapons with Joe Black, because this was a mission of peace not war. They swam over to the two-man chariot and turned its engine on. Soon they were diving down, the depth of the water here was only 25 metres deep, beginner’s level for a skin-diver.

**********

The Oceanides had followed the surface dwellers’ boat ever since it had left the small harbour of Seascape and were alarmed when they saw the chariot diving down towards their tribal meeting place. Telchines looked across at Thalassa and said to his friend.
“We must stop them from intruding upon our tribe’s secret areas, have everyone nearby use the call of oblivion, never again will the surface dwellers dare to enter our realm.”
There were fifteen Oceanides within call and Thalassa called for all of them to use their terrible sonic weapon against the two invaders, the high-pitched sound they produced came from within the throat of the Oceanides.
As Alun and Tom neared the area where Jonah had told them that they would meet the sea creatures, that or a pod of dolphins, they were both subjected to the high-pitched sound produced by the Oceanides.

**********

When Soichi witnessed the high-pitched sound over his instruments he called across to Jonah.
“Jonah, something strange is happening beneath the waves, our instruments have just picked up a short burst of a high-pitched sound, although what the cause was, I could not say, as the only technology down there is the water chariot towing Alun and the marine.
An anxious Jonah attempted to contact Alun and when he could not, he flipped.
“Soichi, the creatures must have attacked Alun, well I will show them what our new plasma cannon can do, charge it up we will give them a free demonstration.”
Soichi looked grimly across at Jonah and nodded his agreement.
“It is only fair, Jonah as we are only playing catch-up, they have had two goes against us.” Soichi said and then added. “The cannon has enough charge now to give the creatures a short demonstration Jonah, that should be enough to convince them to play nice.”
“Good.”
Was all Jonah said as he had Soichi fire a short, but powerful bolt of energy down to an area free of life-forms, but near enough to attract their attention. Then he took the Bright Star to just above the surface of the ocean and sent their telescopic radio transmitter down to just below the surface of the water. It was normally used to attach to the hull of a nearby space vessel whose radio was out of commission, prolonged immersion in salt water would not do it any good but it would come to no harm over a short period of time, if washed afterwards. He then said in a loud voice to the life-forms that Soichi had located.
“Listen good my watery friends. If you have killed Captain Reece, I will use the weapon again, but the next time it will not be aimed to miss you, instead, you and your kind will all pay for any harm that you have inflicted upon my captain and his aide.”

**********

The terrific explosion had certainly caught the attention of the Oceanides, luckily, for them, it had not been close enough to inflict any real harm upon them, but the force of the wave produced by the explosion had thrown them around their meeting place and scared them badly. When this had been followed by Jonah’s warning, they realised that the owner of the voice was behind the explosion. Of course, although they were telepathic, the Oceanides could not read his mind as they were 25 metres beneath the surface of the water and Jonah was 20 metres above it and within a starship built to withstand greater many things than telepathic powers. However, Telchines and Thalassa knew that they had been threatened, by, they assumed, the god who lived on the Bright Star, given the volume and tone of the threat, and they were suddenly very afraid.
They swam over to the falling chariot, whose engine had turned off following Alun’s hands letting go of the power control, and with help from the other members of their tribe, took it back up to the surface of the water to return it, and the two surface dwellers, back to the very angry god. Above them, Telchines saw the massive bulk of the Bright Star just hanging in the air above them, it had moved since Jonah’s message and was now 35 metres above them. The crew were also all wearing ear defenders to protect themselves from the sonic weapon. Even though the starship had moved, Telchines could feel the blast of air coming down from the newly repaired vertical thrusters. Yes, he thought, an abode of a very angry god.
Alun came around just as his head rose above the surface of the water, and he saw that Tom was beside him, who was also coming around and looked to be fine. Alun also saw the sea creatures who were all around them, he opened his visor and for a moment, seeing the alien faces, he felt fear, but then his mind cleared and he said to them.
“Greetings, I come in peace to talk to you about your sudden attack upon the land dwellers of this world.”
He really did not expect them to immediately understand his words and so was stunned when they answered him, for they were, of course, telepathic creatures, and he heard their reply in his brain rather than through his ears.
“I am Telchines, I am the leader of my tribe and this is Thalassa, my war chief.” Telchines said indicating the sea creature in the water beside him. “I will tell you why we attacked your people, it was an act of retaliation.”
This reply surprised Alun but before he could reply in turn, Telchines went on to say.
“It is because your people have begun to roof over our water and you have already created a large amount of shade, and the signs are that the roof will become much larger. The larger roof will reduce the area where we can live by causing the temperature of the water beneath it to drop. Our only enemy, the Airaloovik, who live in the colder zone further north, already encroach on our water during the colder period that occurs during the period of time when the sun is above the water for shorter periods of time, a time that is now upon us. They use this time to mount attacks on my people, if they see the roof over my water, they might decide to move here permanently. This would mean a terrible war between the Airaloovik and my people, one that would see one of our tribes disappear or enslaved.”
Alun saw that they had been correct as to the cause of the attack.
“My name is Alun and this is Tom.”
He put Rycot’s offer to the sea creature who said he was the leader of the group. Telchines listened patiently and then replied to the offer.
“We will have to return to our meeting place and call in our people to talk about your offer, I can hardly agree, or disagree, without everyone having their say.”
“I understand Telchines, it is the same with our people.” Alun replied and then added. “You took a part from the vessel overhead, I must have it back.”
Just then Telchines looked away towards the north, he had received a message from his daughter’s mate. Anger filled his very being as he said to Alun.
“The meeting will have to wait Alun, because I have just been told that the Airaloovik have kidnapped my daughter and her child, they live near where the waters of our two tribes meet and we were assured by the Airaloovik that as they are a part of my family they would be left alone, obviously they lied.” He stopped here for a moment to gauge the sort of man that Alun was, and seeing the concern on the stranger’s face and within his mind, he went on to say. “You have fearsome weapons and a wondrous machine that even now is suspended in the air above us. If you want your part back you must help me to rescue my daughter and her child or you will not get your missing part back.”
It took Alun but a moment to come to a decision.
“I will aid you Telchines, I will take you and your warriors to the North, we will go there in my vessel, the one that is hovering above us, there we can search for your daughter and granddaughter. How far is it to your border?”
Looking up at the space vessel, a stunned Telchines replied. “Two-days hard swimming away.” He hesitated before asking. “Will the god travel with us?”
“No, Telchines, you will not see God on this trip, just me and the people who are now inside the vessel.” Alun paused for a moment and then said. “We will be at the border between your water and that of the Airaloovik before the sun sets today, if you want to accompany us, call your warriors for we will need them in our search and to aid us in the rescue of your daughter and her child.”
Telchines looked up at the Bright Star and asked in awe.
“But, Alun, will the god permit us to travel in his wondrous vehicle?”
Alun smiled and said to his new friend.
“Telchines, it is not a vehicle of the gods, it is only my modest vessel and if you want to start the search for your daughter then we should get aboard the fishing boat and travel to the land so that we can board my vessel, for it cannot land on the water.”
Telchines looked at Alun, now a little awed by him, and said quizzically.
“Your vessel?”
The approach of his woman brought his mind back in to focus and he called to the warriors who were close by and ordered them to follow him. Alun then called Jonah and after putting him in the picture, asked him to meet them back at the landing site. Fifteen warriors answered his call immediately and more were already swimming North, Telchines and Thalassa led the fifteen warriors to the shore, easily outperforming the Sea Adventure with Alun and Tom aboard. Alun called the mayor on the fishing boat’s radio and asked for provisions to be sent to his vessel to give the warriors something to occupy themselves with during the short trip, for although lit, the inside of a ship’s hold might be a little enclosed for an ocean voyaging creature.
A proud Telchines then led his warriors to the abode of his new friend and once there, they had to wait for Alun and Tom to catch them up in Joe Black’s pick-up truck. It carried the water chariot and the other equipment that Alun and Tom had used to travel beneath the surface of the water. The pick-up truck arrived just as the mayor turned up in a large van driven by his brother, they came with the promised provisions, mainly of fish, with some freshly picked home grown fruit and vegetables to tempt the Oceanides away from their traditional fare. Alun had Jonah open the loading ramp to number three hold and with the way now clear he led the way in to its cavernous interior, putting the water chariot, the other gear and the provisions on its cold metal floor. The warriors, nervous, looked about its empty interior and suspected a trap, that is until Alun assured that everything was okay, for with their telepathic ability, lying to them was almost impossible. With everyone aboard the Bright Star, Alun turned to Telchines and said to him.
“Telchines, please ask your warriors to wait here, for there are far too many to proceed further inside my vessel. Thalassa and yourself may join us on the bridge, if you wish, there you will get a grand view from the air of our voyage across your waters.”
Telchines quickly accepted the offer and Alun led him and Thalassa up to the small bridge of the Bright Star and the interior, although mysterious to the Oceanides, it was too closed in for their liking, and where was the view that they had been promised. Alun saw their disappointment and guessed the reason why, so he turned on the forward view screen and to the delight of his two guests the shore and ocean leapt in to view. Alun turned to Soichi and said to him.
“Soichi, can you entertain our guests down in number three hold, they are telepathic and can understand everything that you think and say, so you will easily be able to speak to them.”
Soichi headed down to the hold, having understood the subtle warning given by Alun about the creatures. Alun turned to Jonah and said to his friend.
“Jonah, you take over the scanner, once again, we are looking out for a large number of the sea people, this time the Airaloovik who have launched a raid on Telchines’ people.”
Alun now took the Bright Star up in to the skies above Oceanus and their two guests were thrilled as the Bright Star took them northwards to battle and at a terrific speed.
While they travelled north, Alun asked Telchines about his people’s history, their gods and their myths, the answers that he received astounded him, for although Alun was no historian, he did have a passion for the history of the Welsh people, the Norse and the Greeks. It appeared that many of the Oceanides names were straight out of the myths regarding the most ancient history of Greece, for their very name referred to the daughters of the Greek Titans. Telchines in Greek history were the ancient race that had once, according to the myths, lived upon the island of Rhodes.
“Telchines, can you ask your people ahead of us to contact you as soon as they catch a sight of my vessel, otherwise we will have to rely on our instruments and they do not know the difference between your people and the Airaloovik?”
“Yes, Alun, of course, I will call ahead to my daughter’s man, Perseus, and tell him of our rapid mode of travel and that he is to go up to the surface of the water and to call me as soon as a gigantic flying creature comes in to view.”
“Good, in that case, I will slow down and allow you to call him from the emergency escape hatch just above us. For from within my vessel, the metal hull might prevent even you from reaching Perseus.”
Alun slowed the vessel down while Jonah showed Telchines to the emergency air hatch, preceding him and when the hatch was open, allowing Telchines to put his head out and use his telepathic power to call Perseus. There was quite a stiff breeze blowing even at this speed and although Telchines found it exhilarating, he was happy when he could return inside the freighter.
In no time at all, Perseus saw the flying monster and although a little fearful, he waved to it, and he hoped to Telchines. Seeing, Perseus, Telchines returned to the escape hatch and called to him, a thankful Perseus answered his hail.
“Telchines, I have seen a terrible flying monster coming rapidly towards me. Has it eaten you, or have you tamed it?” He asked fearfully.
Telchines called down to Alun to say that it was Perseus waving to them and that they had arrived. Then he told Perseus that he was with a new friend who had indeed tamed the monster and that he and his warriors were travelling within its massive stomach. He then returned to the small bridge of the freighter.
Alun gave over the piloting of the vessel to Jonah, who took the vessel down through the air to hover just feet above the ocean, thankfully, it was a calm day, except for directly beneath the Bright Star where the air forced down by the vertical thrusters churned up the water.
“Telchines, will the Airaloovik use the sonic weapon against you?” Alun asked anxiously, for if it were so, then he would have to plan accordingly, by using sound proofing capable headphones, luckily, they had some on the Bright Star for personal use when a quiet space was desired. Alun had brought two of the sets to the bridge with him.
“No, Alun, both of our people are immune to it, normally, we only use it while hunting, or if necessary, to scare away any of the larger creatures that abound in the waters of our planet.” Telchines replied but then added. “However, we do scream whenever we go in to battle, as do they, so you will have to use one of your wonder items to protect yourselves against it.”
Alun smiled, he gave one of the sets to Tom, then he told him how to use it. He then turned his own normal helmet speaker off, slipped the slimline headphones over his head and plugged them in to the helmet. He and Tom could now speak to one another and also call Jonah on the Bright Star without the danger of being stunned in to unconsciousness. Another thought then occurred to Alun and he mentioned it to Telchines.
“You had better have one of your warriors come up to the bridge to advise Jonah whether the people he locates are of your tribe Telchines, or of the Airaloovik. I am afraid that he will have to stand at the escape hatch with his head stuck out of it.”
Telchines smiled, he hoped that his young warrior would not mind having a strong cool breeze buffeting his head.
“I will do as you say Alun.” He immediately spoke to one of his younger warriors, Phorcys, and ordered him to come up to the bridge.
Phorcys was a little disappointed at missing out on the action, but at least, he told himself, he got to ride on the very top of the great beast and look at the vast ocean from the sky.

Chapter Four
The Airaloovik

Alun let down the ramp of hold number three allowing the natural light to shine in upon the warriors. They greeted the view of the open water with smiles, for they really did not enjoy being entombed within the large metal creature. Led by Thalassa, the warriors edged out to look down upon the water below, thankfully, here the water was not so rough as beneath the powerful thrusters which kept the Bright Star in the air. One by one, with their weapons in their hands they dropped down in to the water to be met by their fellow members of their extended tribe.
“Alun, to thank you for the help that you have offered us, you may have the device that you need for your magnificent vessel, here, take it now.” Telchines said taking the device out of a seaweed bag and handing over the processor.
“Thank you, my friend, it will provide my vessel with so much extra power.” Alun replied and then he called John Trance and told him to come down to number three hold and collect the processor. A very relieved engineer took the part down to engineering, he would fit it the next time they landed on to solid ground. With the plasma cannon powered by the Stardrive it would be able to keep up a constant rate of fire, should it ever become necessary.
With that worry out of the way, Alun and Tom made to move the water chariot across to the open loading ramp, they were going to lower it down using a rope, however, Telchines spoke to them saying.
“My friends, you have no need of this device, wonderful though it may be, we have our delfini, they will carry each of you, and faster than your wondrous device can, for they, like us, are of the water.”
Alun looked at Tom, who shrugged his shoulders and said that he was game and so they collected their helmets and oxygen tanks and walked across the hold to see three dolphin-like creatures swimming beneath the ramp, creatures that seemed to thoroughly enjoy the rough water directly under each of the vertical thrusters.
“Just drop in to the water and they will swim under you, as they do so, grab a hold of their dorsal fin, gently please or they may complain, and hold their sides with your legs, firmly but again gently. Oh, and they are telepathic, they will understand all of the commands that you will need, such as up, down, left, right, faster, slower, stop, go and follow.”
Telchines led the way, dropping the short distance in to the water and a delfini immediately swam beneath his legs and they watched as their new friend caught hold of the creature’s dorsal fin and was whisked down beneath the surface of the waves. Alun donned his helmet while Tom assisted him with the oxygen tank. Then, Alun assisted Tom with his oxygen tank and when they were both ready, Alun dropped off the edge of the ramp. Luckily, their air tanks were made of a light but strong material and so they did not weigh as much as the older versions would have, although gravity did make the straps press in to his shoulder when he stopped falling. Immediately, another delfini swam up from beneath him, Alan caught hold of its dorsal fin and was whisked away in turn.
That only left Tom, who counted to three and praying to God, he dropped over the edge of the ramp. A well trained delfini swam up between his legs, but slowly as if sensing his trepidation, Tom grasped hold of its dorsal firm firmly and wrapped his legs around the creature’s warm body and was taken down beneath the surface to where Alun, Thalassa and Telchines were talking together, telepathically.
“Alun, I am told that the local tribe of the Airaloovik must have united with some of their more distant brethren, this is more than one of their usual yearly raids, we have had reports from many of our people spread right along the border zone between our two people.” Telchines said and it was Thalassa who finished the report.
“Alun, from the reports we estimate that there are more than 500 warriors moving in on our position alone, which means we cannot go to aid our people who are themselves being attacked by even more of the Airaloovik. I believe that this is a full-scale invasion, they mean to kill or enslave all of our people and then take our waters for themselves.”
“How did you get all of this information Telchines, surely you do not possess any technology capable of such long distances?” Alun enquired quizzically.
“The movement of so many Cymopoleia over a relatively small area has panicked the creatures living there, even the smallest of these creatures has some telepathic ability, when we heard the screams from so many of them, we knew what it meant. This time, we can even feel their fear! Also, Alun, our people pass on their reports to someone at the edge of their range and so on, after many minds the reports finally reach to us.”
This information troubled him, for colonists were first off, forbidden from landing on inhabited planets without permission from Earth. Secondly, if given permission, they were not allowed to join in a local war without first informing Earth of the situation, they then had to wait for an official to arrive from Earth who would attempt to mediate between the warring factions. Alun decided to ignore the ruling, if he stood by and did nothing, the situation between the colonists and the Oceanides would deteriorate quickly, as they might see the colonists as backing the Airaloovik, which in affect they would be. Finally, if the Airaloovik won, who knew how they would react to the colonist’s presence. Hopefully, his arrival on the scene, with his superior weapons, would make the invading group think twice and they would return to their own waters. With this in mind, Alun said.
“Telchines, I will not make war upon the Airaloovik, however, I will attempt to stop them from invading your waters.”
Telchines did not consciously listen in to all of Alun’s thoughts, but he felt that Alun was concerned about the situation that he found himself in, however, Alun’s next words confirmed to him that Alun was his friend. Alun still had a radio link to Jonah, for he was still dressed in his ultra-lightweight space suit and helmet, he now used it.
“Jonah, take the Bright Star further north and search for the Airaloovik ahead of my present location, Telchines has just informed me that there could be up to 500 plus of them, it appears that they have mounted a full-scale invasion this year. Oh, our new friends are already searching for them, but in a much smaller groups of ten or twenty, so bear that in mind. In any case, you have Phorcys there with you to check them out before you use the plasma cannon to warn them off, but to only warn them off. You know the rules governing this sort of situation Jonah, we cannot be seen to be a part of this war, however, no one will complain should we stop one from happening.”
“I understand Alun, you do not want to hauled up by the Space council, nor do you want our friends killed or enslaved.” Jonah replied and then added. “I will contact you when we find a likely looking school, or is that a pod?”
Alun smiled and replied. “Either or maybe neither, maybe we should call them a group because Jonah, they are an intelligent race who are much like you and me and the rest of the human race, that is, they are creative, they love and there are both good and bad amongst them.” Then Alun got serious again. “Jonah, I repeat, just use our plasma cannon to deter the Airaloovik, not to kill them en-masse, just enough to ensure that they return to their own waters, pronto.”
Jonah smiled as he thought about the particular ruling regarding non-intervention in local disputes, but, if Alun was happy to bend it, then he would go along with him. He put his foot on the gas pedal and took the Bright Star slowly northwards, he did not have to update Soichi regarding the new situation that they had found themselves in, for he had heard the order, he merely smiled at Jonah and studied the scanner’s monitor. All he saw for the moment were the smaller groups of their new friends swimming northwards in search of the raiding party, but then the scanner showed him a much larger group, he knew that it had to be the warlike neighbours.
In the waters far below the Bright Star, Alun looked across at his new friend and explained how he would help him.
“Telchines, our weapons will stop them from attacking you, a plasma blast or two near to any large number of them should send them running back to their own waters. Then we can begin the search for your daughter and granddaughter without the fear of coming up against 500 Airaloovik screaming warriors.”
“I understand Alun, I too have no wish to see large numbers of them killed, it is good that we think as one.” Telchines replied.
Alun thought so too, for it made his new task so much easier. He and Tom were on the backs of their delfini, who were swimming quickly through the water, always following after Telchines and his warriors. The water was particularly clear here and they could see for quite a distance, thanks to their heaters within their space suits the colder water here, because of depth and being further north, did not affect them. They soon caught up with Perseus and his searchers, who were on the track of one of the raiding parties which they thought was not far ahead of them. What was worrying was that they could not contact either Thoosa or her daughter Penelope. Were they dead or was it that the larger number of the Airaloovik were using their telepathic powers to jam any attempted contact between Thoosa, Penelope and the rest of the Oceanides? Just then, Jonah called on the radio.
“Alun, there is a group of forty or more Cymopoleia just half a mile ahead of you, they are moving away from you and appear to be in a hurry.” Jonah said and then added. “They all appear to be riding on the backs of a sea creature of some sort and are heading in the direction of another large group some five miles ahead of them. The larger group numbers at least 100 and I assume are part of the Airaloovik invasion force.”
Alun repeated this message to Telchines who repeated it on to Thalassa, who whooped with joy and ordered his own people to increase their speed, for the chase was on. Telchines then asked Alun.
“Could you ask Jonah to fire in front of the group of Airaloovik, far enough in front of them to ensure that any captives with them are not harmed?”
“Of course.” Alun replied and passed on the request to Jonah.
“With pleasure Alun, I will power up the cannon now.”
Soichi, who had been listening to the conversation, had already begun to power up the plasma cannon and the computer soon confirmed that the cannon was ready to fire.
Aiming 50 feet in front of the fast-moving Cymopoleia, Soichi pressed the fire icon and instantly a powerful stream of plasma shot down from the Bright Star and seared through the cold water to explode in front of the fast-moving Airaloovik, this bolt was followed by two more bolts of plasma. The Airaloovik had been enjoying their raid so far, and so they were stunned by this new development, they came to a screeching halt, many crashing in to the ones in front. They did not need to think, they just swam away in fear induced panic, their delfini even more afraid than their riders. The delfini turned to the left or the right but not straight ahead, some even wanted to turn back and it took all of their riders’ skill to turn them away from the closing hunters. Their bewildered and very scared kidnap victims were forgotten, and it was these victims who had to face whatever the terror was, a monster who breathed a terrible explosive fire, or so it seemed to them.
The forward skirmishers of the Oceanides warriors, including Perseus, the son-in-law of Telchines, had also stopped out of fear of whatever monster was ahead of them. However, when Telchines told them, using telepathy, that they had nothing to fear, the fire breathing monster was their friend, they moved on, if tentatively. Then they saw those who had been, until just seconds ago, captives, but it did not include the daughter of Telchines, or his grand-daughter. Even so, the warriors whooped in joy and increased their speed, on reaching them they cut the bindings around the hands of their people, who up until now had been captives of the Airaloovik.
Then Telchines, not so far behind them now, cried out in fear, for he saw the Airaloovik chieftain, Glaucus, hiding behind a large coral fan and held captive in front of the chieftain was Telchines’ daughter Thoosa, a sharp knife made of obsidian held to her throat.
“She is my prisoner Telchines, allow me safe passage and I will not kill her, I will merely take her for my 2nd wife, an honour for any Cymopoleia.” He sneered.
Unseen by either of the two chieftains, Alun had dismounted from his delfini and swum around to the side of Thoosa and Glaucus who suddenly catching sight of him turned quickly and cried out loudly.
“Careful, stranger, or she dies.”
Telchines groaned, he feared that Alun had signed the death warrant of his daughter, but Alun was just acting as a distraction. From behind Glaucus, Tom, who had also dismounted, swam softly towards the chieftain, the water at this depth was slow moving and the speed of a plasma bolt, at any distance, ultra-fast. Using his Plasma pistol, Tom fired at the arm that held the knife, thankfully, Thoosa was hidden by the body of Glaucus and so was not in any danger. The arm glowed briefly and then disappeared, the knife falling silently to the ocean floor, the hand still clutching it. Glaucus screamed out in pain, but what was left of his arm had been cauterized and so his life was not in immediate danger. Glaucus turned to look at Tom and fearing that he was a god he fled, but his speed was dreadfully slow. Telchines was stunned by the power of the humans’ weapons, but as he knew the humans to be his friends, he did not feel fearful. He simply looked after the departing chieftain and for a moment felt sympathy for him, until he thought of his daughter, then he forgot the injured Glaucus.
From behind a large piece of coral, Penelope suddenly appeared and she swam to her mother, they hugged one another in relief. Then Perseus rushed forward and hugged his wife and his daughter so tightly that they had to beg him to stop, then laughing for the first time that day, they told Telchines to hurry, for his daughter and granddaughter awaited him.
On reaching them they hugged and Telchines took them up to the surface where the Bright Star was hovering 100 feet above the surface of the sea. Although a little scared at their first sight of it, they already knew that it was the flying house of Alun, Telchines’ new friend, so although they stayed close to Perseus and Telchines, they tried to ignore it.
Perseus, Thoosa and Penelope, all thanked Alun and Tom for helping Telchines and then Telchines said to Alun.
“The 500 Airaloovik to the north have heard of the fire breathing dragon to the south and have all turned and are now fleeing in fear, swimming back to their own hunting grounds, but our people to the west are still under attack Alun, can you help them as well?”
“Of course, my friend.”
Alun then called Jonah and asked him to drop down and pick him and Tom up. The Bright Star dropped down until it was just twenty feet above the waves, then the loading ramp of number four hold opened and Michael Patel waved down to them. Then he dropped a ladder down to them, Alun and Tom said their goodbyes to their new friends and then they quickly climbed up the ladder and once inside they headed for the bridge.
“Jonah, thank you for picking us up, we need to head west, there are other battles to stop.”
While Alun and Tom dried themselves and changed clothes, Jonah did as he had been ordered to do. He soon found the next band of Airaloovik and after Phorcys had confirmed that they were the enemy, Soichi soon had them swimming north in panic. Jonah finally brought the Bright Star back to Seascape three hours later after they had encountered and deterred three more large bands of the Airaloovik.
Two days later, just as the sun set, Telchines swam in to the harbour and called out to Alun, telepathically.
“My friends, tomorrow I will take you to our most sacred of stones, the Stone of Ages, the drawings upon it tell of the time before now, the Dreamtime, it was when the gods lived amongst us.”
Alun, Tom and Jonah smiled and Alun said to their new friend, telepathically.
“We will look forward to that my friend, but you sound tired and in need of some rest, so rest and we will see you tomorrow.”
Telchines smiled, for he was tired, so he waved and then dove down beneath the waves and headed for his sleeping area beneath the waves.

**********

Deep within the oceans depths a voice called out to others of its kind, its voice echoing as if it were in a tomb, as it was.
“The time for patience is almost over, soon we will be released from our lockdown, soon we can return to space, I can feel it in my inner most self.”
Voices replied to his message, voices from inside his tomb as well as from deepest space.

Chapter Five
The Valhallans

The scientist, the industrialist and his son and daughter-in-law, had already left the freighter, they were staying as guests of the mayor of Seascape, along with the four ex-marines. The mayor had a large spacious home and could easily accommodate his guests. Alun, Tom and Jonah, had just left them and had walked back to the Bright Star and once inside, they stopped off at the galley for a coffee. Above the planet, an alien vessel, the Knarr, had just gone into orbit around Oceanus. Captain Medraut, his face looking grim as he turned to Idwal, his 1st officer, said melodramatically.
“Find the earth vessel Idwal, I am impatient to deal with its captain, my thirst for vengeance must be quenched.”
Idwal soon had the location of the Bright Star, for it was the only space vessel on Oceanus. Medraut then gave Idwal another order.
“Power up the Matter Transporter, I want Captain Alun Reece to join us here on the Knarr, he needs to learn that all actions come with consequences.”
Idwal used his powerful scanner to run over each of the life forms within the Bright Star, the scan causing the crew of the Bright Star to feel a little sick and then run for the bridge, they had one desire, to turn on their defence shields. Finally, Idwal found the one whom he identified as the most likely to be the vessel’s captain, then he operated the matter transporter.
Alun and his crew had just reached the bridge of the Bright Star, Alun calling out that he was going to take the Bright Star up as he feared an imminent attack from the unknown vessel above them.
The galley was suddenly lit by a bright light and then to the consternation of his crew, Jonah, John, Michael and Soichi, they watched as Alun, who had turned in to a bright light, disappeared moments later.
On board the Knarr, Medraut thought happily about his plans to kill Alun. He blamed him for the death of his cousin Hereweald and that of an eminent Valhallan scientist, Professor Syne, but he would only kill Alun when his own quest was complete. One reason for the delay in dealing with the earthman, he had heard that the earthman had been of immense help to Hereweald, before turning on him and killing both him and Professor Syne.
Alun was momentarily off balance when he found himself standing in a room full of computers and other impressive technology, but only for a second. He reasoned that he must have been taken there by a matter transporter, how else could he explain his sudden travel to the room, meaning that a very advanced civilisation had taken him. The Seeders perhaps, that ancient race that was thought to have spread humanoid races throughout the galaxy, were they going to threaten his life for narcissistic reasons of their own, again?
Four androids, plasma pistols in their hands, first disarmed him, and then they motioned for him to head for the only door in the room. They were humanoid, except for the alterations to their whole body, including the head, it was to increase their strength, speed and finally, to strip away any feelings of humanity they may once have felt. They were looking at him through their new eyes, ones that gave them better vision that their original ones. Other parts of their anatomy had also been replaced, replaced much to Alun’s horror, for he saw that these androids had once been flesh and blood humans. He had seen such a thing before, he had encountered them on a space station when fighting Hereweald, a Seeder, or Valhallan as they preferred to be known as. The androids then had been part of an android armada that wanted to take over the galaxy, Hereweald and Professor Syne had developed a weapon to stop them, however, they had intended to use the captured androids for their own purposes, they too wanted to rule the galaxy. Both the Seeders and the Androids had failed in this endeavour, mainly because of Alun, with the assistance of the combined space fleets of Earth and the planet Chryste.
Sickened by the sight, he was taken to a small room and locked inside, he looked around it but it was windowless and the air duct, unfortunately, was far too small to allow anyone to contemplate escaping along it. The only furniture in the room was a cot and a chair, and as he was not tired now, thanks to all the adrenaline pumping through his veins, he sat down on the chair and waited to see who his abductor was and what they wanted with him. He did not have long to wait, the door opened and a man came in, flanked by the four androids who still held their weapons and once again they were pointing in his direction.
My name is Medraut, you are Captain Reece?” Medraut demanded to know.
When Alun replied that he was Captain Reece, Medraut said.
“Captain Reece, I had you brought here to atone for your sins, which include the heinous crime of murder, that of my cousin Hereweald and his colleague Professor Syne. How do you plead?”
Alun smiled grimly, he had been correct he thought, another bloody Seeder, oh well, might as well get this over with, then they might give him a moment to rest before they killed him.
“I am not guilty Medraut, in fact, I went out of my way to be helpful to Hereweald, but that was before he revealed his actual plans, to become the ruler of the universe.” Alun sneered and then went on to add. “But yes, I stopped them, but only to prevent them from murdering or enslaving the people of the planet Chryste, followed by Earth and the rest of the inhabited planets in this sector of space.”
In fact, neither Valhallan was dead, merely imprisoned, but Alun was not about to give Medraut this information. The Valhallan might just attempt to rescue them, killing anyone who got in his way and releasing a megalomaniac and his mad scientist who would once again attempt to rule the galaxy.
Instead, Alun asked pleasantly, in a bid to save his life.
“Medraut, as I just said, I was extremely helpful to your cousin, surely you did not come to this galaxy purely for revenge? Tell me your mission, I am sure that I can also be of help to you, that is, if you promise not to harm me, my crew nor my friends in any way.”
“You are correct Captain; revenge was merely the icing on the cake. Okay, I will tell you the main reason that brought me to this galaxy. Listen well Captain, I am here in a search for the last of the powerful Valhallan space battleships, the Taranis. Once they were the mainstay of the Valhallan space fleet, majestic vessels that insured that peace reigned throughout this galaxy. Now, only much smaller cruisers are being used as the ambition to colonise the universe and act as the universal peacemaker is no longer deemed correct amongst the majority of my people.”
Medraut looked at Alun and smiled. “I will be generous Captain, If I fail to find it, I will allow you the chance to win your freedom, and your life. If you can succeed where I failed, then I will forego my desire for revenge. You see, I can be magnanimous, even though my cousin calls out for revenge from beyond the grave.”
What Medraut did not mention, was that he was of a similar mind to the dead Hereweald, he sought the Taranis because he who commanded the Taranis had always been deemed to be the ruler of Valhalla. Medraut then went on to tell Alun some ancient history, but his own knowledge was full of holes, the remainder still evaded him.
“The Taranis was lost along with the Valhallan ruler, Arthur, back in the 6th century Earth-time, it was after Arthur was thought to have retired from the battle of Badon hill, having been badly injured during the battle again the Saxon race. According to one of the Valhallan myths, Arthur was thought to have returned to the Taranis, but apart from that, nothing else was known to the Valhallans. Arthur was thought to have joined the battle because he had fondness for the people of Cymru and Dumnonia. Even so, he would not use his powerful battleship in their battles with the Saxons, for to do so would go against all that the rulers of Valhalla held to be true and right.”
Alun looked quizzically at Medraut and said to the alien.
“Surely, Medraut, even if Arthur had died following the battle, his crew would have returned to your planet aboard the Taranis?” Alun then added. “They would not have stayed behind to join their leader on his journey to heaven, or whatever you call it.”
“You are correct Captain, it means that the Taranis must have developed a fault and crashed, killing or marooning the crew somewhere on your planet. The last message that was received from Arthur was both garbled and incomplete, the only part that was decipherable were the words, we are in the realm of Poseidon, meaning, I take it, to be the seas of Earth. This message is known only to me, for I discovered it amongst the ancient books of my great grandfather after he had died and thankfully, he left everything that he owned to me.”

**********

Baldr, another citizen of Valhalla, and one who had long been the rival of Medraut, was heading for the planet Oceanus in his desire to beat Medraut in his search for the Taranis. The two men were very different, for while Baldr used his long life researching many things, for science or historical purposes, Medraut sought an easy but affluent lifestyle, stealing or killing if it became necessary. Medraut had learned that Baldr was researching the loss of the Taranis and so he had bribed a research assistant to pass over all of his research notes. By chance, Medraut had already been in possession of some information and this information, when this had been added to that of Baldr, proved to be vital if you happened to be searching for the fabled battleship. This put Medraut in a position to beat Baldr to the prize without having to resort to actually working. However, Baldr had learned of his assistant’s treachery, and when the Knarr had left for the Milky Way galaxy, he had attached a drone to the vessel’s upper hull, its job was to send back the location of the intergalactic vessel to him. The Rygiabrandr was a small intergalactic research vessel that his family had long owned and used as they searched the universe for new life-forms.
As the Knarr headed away from Oceanus on its way back to Earth, the Rygiabrandr was just arriving at Oceanus. Erika, the woman of Baldr and enemy of Medraut, who she believed had killed her father, smiled and said gloatingly.
“The fool, couldn’t he see that this water world is obviously the realm of Poseidon mentioned in Arthur’s message. Had he done some research he might have found out that Arthur referred to the planet as Poseidon’s realm in the letter that he sent to the only woman that he had ever loved, Gwenhwyfar, before he set out on an earlier voyage. She was thought to have accompanied Arthur on his last and fatal voyage to Earth and so, she must have died with him on the Taranis. Of course, it was an earthman who named the planet Oceanus, our official name for it had long been lost, that is until you found it Baldr, and now we know that the Taranis is beneath the oceans of this planet, we will beat Medraut of his prize.”
This vital information had come in to their hands just minutes before the commencement of their voyage from Valhalla. However, they had only just learned that Poseidon’s realm was also Arthur’s grave moments ago. They had managed to get a second drone, this one no bigger than a beetle, aboard the Knarr before it left the Valhallan space dock. The vital information being finally sent to him via the larger drone attached to the outer hull of the vessel, but only as the Knarr prepared to leave Oceanus. For it had been then that Medraut had spoken to Alun about the Valhallan’s search for the Taranis.
Baldr looked at the beautiful woman, one who had made him the most envied man on Valhalla, and he said to his woman.
“No one ever accused Medraut of having brains my darling, only a thirst for wealth and power.” He then turned to the second man on board the Rygiabrandr, a firm friend of both Baldr and Erika.
“Gunnarr, would you scan the oceans of this world for the Taranis, if she is resting on the bottom of this water world, then we should be able to find her without too much trouble, providing that she is in one piece and not scattered the length and breadth of the ocean floor.”
Gunnarr immediately got to work, he also sent a drone down through the deep waters of the ocean world to search the oceans beneath the vast ice sheets at the poles for signs of the wreck. The drone sending fear through the Cymopoleia whenever it appeared in their waters, but it moved so fast that they could not prevent its passage. The sensors aboard the Rygiabrandr revealed nothing, now it rested with the drone to find the wreck. As it searched the northern waters, some five hours from its starting point, Gunnarr finally located what could be the Taranis, that, he reckoned, or the remains of a large earth ship. It lay at a great distance from the drone and its scanner refused to provide them with a firm radar picture as to what lay upon the ocean floor and when it drew closer to the sunken vessel, the drone went silent.

**********

Aboard the Taranis, a malignant entity waited impatiently, it had shut down the drone because it needed whoever controlled the drone to come down and to board the battleship, only then could it succeed in its own quest.

**********

Baffled by the silence now coming from their drone, Baldr took their research vessel down through the atmosphere and flew low over the oceans heading north towards the ice-filled waters of the planet’s Northern Polar regions. As they neared the harbingers of the large ice fields that were ahead of them, he took the vessel down through the freezing water, he was heading for the ocean bottom and whatever had caused their drone to react to the presence of a large wreck and then stop sending any further data. He passed the drone, laying silent on the ocean floor and brought the vessel to a halt 100 yards away from the larger sunken vessel and he looked across at his friend.
“It is the Taranis, Baldr!” Gunnarr exclaimed and then took a moment to take in what he himself had said before adding. “There is a weak forcefield all around it, the ship is intact and its engine must still be operating.” He looked over at Erika and said to her. “Erika, after all these years it is still operational, what superb workmanship went in to her creation.”
The three friends had leapt to their feet on seeing the Taranis, rejoicing in their magnificent find. They had beaten Medraut to his fame, glory and position as ruler of Valhalla, a position they themselves were not interested in, being more interested in searching the universe to find what else it kept hidden from them. Baldr poured three large glasses of red wine and they toasted their success, but after they had drunk their wine Baldr became serious.
“We do not know how long we have before that fool Medraut realises his mistake, we have a lot to do and we will not be getting much sleep until it is done.”
He then asked. “Where is the main airlock Gunnarr, what records we have could well be wrong after 2000 years, especially as many contradict each other?”
Gunnarr quickly turned on the forward camera and moved it along the side of the leviathan and they soon saw the main airlock, it lay forward, near to the bridge, the records were correct. Baldr smiled and said, with a growing excitement now clearly in his voice.
“I will take us alongside her, then, if her force-field is not too strong, we can board her using the docking tube, I will not chance using the Matter Transporter, the automatic defences could interfere with the beam and that could result in injury or worse.”
“First, my darling, use our sensors to ensure that no surprises await us.” Erika advised.
“Of course, Erika, I am acting like a small boy, allowing my excitement to govern my actions rather than using my brain.” Baldr replied.
Gunnarr was at the scanner console and he ran it over the leviathan in front of them, what it showed them was that the Taranis still had power and that there were no hull breaches. It also showed them that the air pressure inside of the leviathan was extremely low, and that they would require space suits to enter inside of its fabled walls.
Using just his thrusters, Baldr gently moved his vessel towards the leviathan until they were almost touching, airlock to airlock. Then Gunnarr manoeuvred the docking tube towards the hull of the giant vessel and its magnetic locking system sealed the connection between the docking tube and the large vessel. They would now be able to cross over safely to the ancient battleship.

**********

“The time is almost upon us, did you feel the sensors as they passed over you, did you hear the soft metallic clang as the docking tube attached itself to the Taranis?” A malignant voice asked of its followers who were entombed with it.

**********

The Valhallans donned their space-suits and air bottles, then Baldr led his woman and his friend along to their own airlock, and after opening the inner door and entering the airlock, they closed the door behind them and opened the outer airlock door. Then they walked along the docking tube triumphantly, the docking tube negating the force-field. Their special spacesuits would be able to cope with whatever they found beyond the outer and inner airlock doors of the leviathan. Baldr touched the entry panel on the side of the battleship and the airlock door gave three jolts before it finally opened, sliding across a little jerkily and then stopping. The access was clear and Baldr walked in and closed the outer airlock door, the other two waited outside in case the inner door would not open and the outer door subsequently developed a fault, which would leave them trapped between the two doors. Baldr pressed the entry panel inside the airlock and the inner door opened smoothly, he heard a small whoosh of air as that in the airlock was pulled in to the airless Taranis. He walked on to the deck of the battleship, the emergency lights sprang on, just, their feeble light making it safe to move but difficult to read the signs on the bulkheads. With the way in safe to negotiate, Erika and Gunnarr followed Baldr on to the deck of the massive battleship.
Erika stiffened as her feet touched the metal deck, something within her told her to turn around and return to the Rygiabrandr, she realised that the hair on the back of her head was standing erect, there was evil here, she was positive of that. Erika had always possessed some psychic ability but had turned to science rather than the paranormal. She heard the signs of something squeaking, was the horror approaching even now, she pulled out her plasma pistol, ready for anything. Baldr looked at her quizzically, but before he could ask her what was wrong, he saw, coming towards them, two maintenance robots, squeaking as they moved along the passageway, obviously in as much need of attention as the battleship. Then a security robot approached them and asked.
“What are you three beings doing aboard the Battleship Taranis?”
Baldr looked at the dusty security robot, it looked to be in as much need of attention as the other robots did, but after 2000 years it was still operating, superb he thought, his admiration for the ancient builders knew no bounds. He then replied to the robot’s question.
“I am the captain of the research vessel Rygiabrandr, out of Valhalla, these are my crew.” Baldr replied indicating the other two. “We have come to repair, or failing that, salvage the Taranis and if possible, return her to Valhalla, once there, it will become a museum to its class of vessel and a memorial to the original captain and crew.”
Baldr, Gunnarr and Erika pulled out their identity cards which included their full family trees going back thousands of years. The robot scanned their cards and found that they had told it the truth. It then said to the Valhallans.
“Captain Baldr, Gunnarr, Erika, welcome aboard the battleship Taranis, allow me to escort you to the bridge, the main computer is still functioning and will be able to give you a full report as to the state of the Taranis. Please come this way.”
The security robot turned and headed back along the passageway, they followed, their speed slow, for the robot was indeed in a bad state of repair.
As the way through the battleship was long and slow, an anxious Baldr thought about Medraut, for he could return at any moment, but finally they were standing within the spacious bridge. Erika pushed her earlier fears away, buried them for later. Baldr smiled at her and then he turned to Gunnarr and said to his friend.
“Gunnarr, I need you to return to the Rygiabrandr and park it on top of the Taranis, then, turn on our stealth programme. That should scatter any scans coming towards the Taranis and the Rygiabrandr. I should have thought of it before we boarded this vessel, the excitement must have driven it from my mind. Park it on one of the emergency airlocks, so that you can re-join us and it will also allow us to make a hasty escape, should it become necessary.”
“I should have thought of it as well Baldr, and doing so will make it difficult for Medraut to locate us, should he return.” Gunnarr replied and then he turned about and made for the main airlock.
As Gunnarr returned to their own vessel, Erika felt her earlier fears return, for now there were only two of them. She once again pushed them away and sat down at a keyboard and set about trying to make the main computer give them a full list of the repairs necessary to enable them to move the giant vessel, it seemed willing, but slow. Baldr smiled, if anyone could get the computer to work then it was his woman.
“Erika, leave the list of repairs for the moment, first see if you can turn on the environmental systems and check the remaining energy level. Then have a look at the last entries in the vessel’s log.”
“Okay, darling, anything else that you want me to do, scrub the floors, make the Kakao?” Erika asked, his confident words infecting her with his spirit.
“Maybe tomorrow Darling.” Baldr replied and laughed and said to his woman. “Darling, you know computers succumb to your charms whilst ignoring me.”
He decided to call home and so he walked across to the communications centre and thankfully, it was operational, one of the service robots must have repaired it after Arthur had been cut off 2000 long years in the past, after leaving his incomplete and garbled message.
Baldr then sent a message to Valhalla, to the grand councillor who ruled over Valhalla, using a very tight beam so that there was no chance of Medraut receiving it.
“This is an urgent message for the Grand Councillor from Captain Baldr of the research vessel Rygiabrandr. I have located Arthur’s vessel, the Taranis, on the planet known to the people of Earth as Oceanus, our name for the planet was Poseidon, something that I only discovered just days ago. The vessel is laying on the floor of the ocean that covers most of the planet. Please send a salvage vessel here to take the Taranis back to Valhalla.”
While he waited for an answer, which could take some time, he heard the Rygiabrandr land on the upper hull of the Taranis, very near to the bridge. It was then that he heard back from the grand councillor, he must have been in his office within the Stortingsbygningen, Baldr thought, this building was the centre of political life on Valhalla.
“Your request for a salvage vessel is impossible Captain, it would mean exposing ourselves to the people of Earth, something that the council feels they are not ready for, and nor are we. To prevent it from falling in to their hands, or the hands of Medraut, who we hear is also searching for the vessel, you are ordered to destroy the Taranis. Message ends.”
An angry Baldr looked up as Gunnarr returned and he repeated the message from the grand councillor.
“Are you going to comply with the message Baldr?” Gunnarr asked although he reckoned that he knew the answer to his question.
“Like hell, there is no way that I will destroy this vessel just to please our grand councillor.” He said angrily. “First, we will see what repairs are necessary to take the vessel across inter-galactic space to Valhalla and for that we need Erika to force the main computer of this vessel to comply with our requests at a quicker speed.” He then turned to Erika and said to his woman.
“While you are busy with the computer, Erika, Gunnarr and me will see if we can repair some of the maintenance robots, they probably only need a little oil and some new seals, and power of course. Then we will start on the security robots, if we are lucky then maybe we can get the robots working at something approaching their peak efficiency.”
“Before you do that Darling, watch this.” Erika said and changed the settings on the power programme for the Taranis.
Immediately they felt low level vibrations run through the vessel, its engine had been turned on, and then the lighting returned to its normal brightness level. In their space suits they looked at the dials on their space suits, they registered an increasing level of air which was slowly being pumped in to bridge as the vessel’s environmental system took sea water and extracted oxygen, carbon dioxide and nitrogen from it.
“We now have partial power, but the maintenance robots have a lot of work to do before we can operate the Galaxy Drive with any degree of safety.”
“Bloody good work Darling.” Baldr said and Gunnarr echoed his words.
“I have also just learned some interesting facts from the vessel’s log. The final garbled message was actually sent by the vessel’s doctor, not Arthur. He told how Arthur had been injured in a battle on Earth and had decided to return to Valhalla to recuperate. Unfortunately, he had picked up a virus on Earth, one harmless to the earthlings, and it had infected many of his crew. Rather than take it back to Valhalla, he landed the Taranis here beneath the ocean of this planet. He then went on to relate most of what occurred on the vessel over the crew’s final days, here is an abridged version. Arthur did not die from his wounds, he died of the virus, as did his crew. The bodies were all cremated here on the ship and just as the doctor also succumbed to the bug, he discovered how to kill the bug. Before he died, he programmed the computer to increase the temperature aboard the Taranis to 150 degrees and to keep it there for a week. The computer then expelled all of the air from the vessel and turned the power levels down to a minimum, keeping the weak force field going to prevent the water from damaging the vessel.”
“Which explains the state of the vessel and the robots, there simply was not enough power to allow more than the three to work at a time,” Baldr said. “And then only at a much-reduced efficiency.”
A monitor next to Gunnarr suddenly sprang to life and it showed a long list of urgent repairs that needed doing and an even longer list of items that required servicing. Looking at it he said.
“Baldr, we really need to get started repairing the maintenance robots so that they can help us to reduce this list.”

**********

The intergalactic ship Knarr arrived at the planet Earth one day later and went in to orbit above England, it was just as the sun was rising over the ancient city of Bath. Medraut used his vessel’s sensors to search beneath the ground around the Solsbury Hill in Somerset. The hill is now part of the borough of Batheaston, once two miles east of Bath, but now swallowed up by the growing city. Batheaston was once an ancient town, in the Domesday book it was known as Estone. Solsbury Hill is the site of an ancient iron age hill fort dating between 100 to 300bc, well before Arthur’s time but one myth mentions him there, fighting the Saxons. Its hilltop is 625 feet above the river Avon, which is one mile to the south of the hill, a fine place to resist the Saxon invaders and for the defenders to launch a series of attacks against the invaders. Medraut looked at the hill and the surrounding countryside through one of his external cameras and he was disappointed by what he saw. The ancient Britain that he had read about was no more, in its place was a modern, thriving, technologically advanced planet, as was the town below them.
Idwal soon found the hidden chamber that the ancient Seeder records mentioned, but it was not under the hill, luckily, it was not far off it. Medraut used the matter transporter to visit the underground chamber, excitement rising inside of him. He was hoping to find a clue as to where Arthur intended to go from here. With him were the four androids and Alun, who also felt a rise in his own excitement. Medraut had a reason for having Alun included in the initial search party, one that made Medraut smile in anticipation. It mattered not if he found anything in the chamber to help him in his quest or not, not where Alun was concerned.
They had transported in to a vast natural chamber ten miles away from Solsbury Hill. The chamber was 200 feet beneath the surface of the ground, approximately 70 feet high, 80 feet long and 40 feet wide, the rock was the colour red, from the iron oxide within it. However, Medraut was not interested in the red rock, he was in fact disappointed, for there was nothing here to show that any living creature had ever been within the vast chamber. He turned to Alun and snarled at him.
“Captain Reece, take a look around you, this is your tomb, but do not fret, I will have food, water and light transported down to ensure your survival for seven days and so intensify the torture to your mind. Good bye, Captain.”
“Medraut, you found nothing here because Arthur was said to have died in the battle of Gwaith Camlann, not here, he was victorious here.” Alun argued.
“Gwaith Camlann, Captain, I have not heard of that battle, take me to this battle ground, and your life might yet be saved.” Medraut replied quizzically.
And so, Alun’s life was saved, even if only for a matter of hours. The Knarr was soon above Slaughterbridge in Cornwall, the site of the battle, but of course the sensors aboard the Knarr found nothing, for there was nothing to find there.
“So, Captain, you were wrong too and your fate does lie in the underground chamber that we left just hours ago.” Medraut said gloatingly.
“I will not be there for long Medraut, because I believe that I do know where the Taranis is resting and to find it you will have to take me out the chamber and back aboard this vessel.” Alun replied with more confidence that he actually felt.
The Knarr was soon orbiting above the underground chamber and Alun was transported down in to his rocky tomb. Alun had learned the hard way to never surrender to fate, instead, using the powerful light that Medraut had given him, he began to search the chamber for another way out. He could only light-up parts of the red rock at a time with his torch, leaving the greater part hidden in darkness, these parts he could not stop himself from casting anxious glances at, even though he knew that he was all alone within his dark, damp tomb. He determined to not give in to the fate that Medraut had wished upon him, he continued his search for a way out. Later, feeling a little dispirited after finding nothing but bare rock, he ate some of the food left by Medraut and drunk some of his valuable supply of water. Then he restarted his search for another way out, other than using a matter transporter, which unfortunately he did not have. He had enough food, water and light to last him for seven days, he reasoned that as he had air then there must be an entrance in to the chamber. He also knew that if he was not on the surface by the time his food, water and especially his battery within his torch ran out, he would never get there, unless...

**********

Medraut had assumed that Arthur’s final resting place would be near to his final battle site, which was why he was interested in underground chambers, especially ones that the ancient earthmen could not enter. But with the underground chamber near Bath failing to reveal anything, he decided that the mention of Poseidon’s realm did not refer to underground chambers, reasoning that Poseidon’s domain was of the sea not underground chambers. Medraut decided to head for Greece in search of the missing intergalactic ship. Medraut changed their position above Earth and began to scan the floor of the Mediterranean Sea, hoping to find some trace of the Taranis, but he found nothing that was of any interest to him. He then headed for Cape Sounion, which is on the coast near to Athens, there is a temple here that was dedicated to the god Poseidon, so Medraut had high hopes of finding the Taranis near to the coast. He had been searching the waters around Greece for 24 hours when his hopes died, and in a foul mood he cried out angrily.
“Where are you Arthur, where have you hidden the Taranis, answer me damn you.”
Obviously, Arthur did not contact him, mainly because he had been dead for 2000 years. He looked angrily across at Idwal and said to his 1st officer.
“Head for the ancient remains of the Atlantean civilisation, they too worshipped the god Poseidon, maybe we will find the Taranis resting among the under-water ruins of that once great city.”
The search for the Taranis under the deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean also failed to turn up anything and so in a blind rage he turned once again to Idwal and screamed out his next order.
“Take us back to Captain Reece, Idwal.” Medraut counted to ten and in a calm voice added. “We will beam the good captain back aboard and offer him his life, yet again, this time I might even let him keep it, if he can find the Taranis for us.”
It was ten minutes later that Alun found himself standing back on the bridge of the Knarr and he thanked the gods that his hopes of rescue had panned out. He looked at Medraut, who, sounding almost charitable said to Alun.
“Well, Captain, suppose you tell me where I should be looking then, if we find it, I promise to release you alive so that you can scurry away back to your fellow earthlings.”
A very angry but relieved Captain Alun Reeves looked as if he wanted to kill the Seeder, but with the androids present on the bridge he merely smiled at Medraut and said to the alien.
“Okay, Captain Medraut, I will tell you where I believe your lost vessel is, if you want to find it then you will have to take us back to the true realm of Poseidon, Oceanus, a planet whose surface is of course mostly water.” Alun said and then added. “It is inhabited by an intelligent underwater humanoid life-form whose names, 2000 years after Arthur, are only known on Earth within the ancient myths of Greece. You might also like to know that it the only known world where Poseidon is still revered as a god.”
Medraut sat upright in his chair, having previously been slumped and dejected, with a stunned expression upon his face it took a moment before he could reply.
“You amaze me Captain, no wonder Hereweald kept you alive.”
Alun merely smiled, again, and replied.
“When we are in orbit around Oceanus, Captain Medraut, I will even tell you where to look.”
Medraut looked angrily at Alun but said nothing, he merely turned to his helmsman and said to him.
“Rience, take us back to the planet Oceanus, as our friend here calls it, quarter speed again please, I can use the time to sleep, and also, to look over all that I have gathered together about our quest. Maybe, Captain, I will even find a mention of this water planet amidst them, one which I failed to notice before.”
They had been travelling for the best part of two days when a thought occurred to Alun and so he asked Medraut for a favour.
“Medraut, can I call my first mate; it is to put his mind at rest and also to stop him from returning to Earth without me.”
“No need to Captain, you can do it personally within the next thirty of your minutes.” Medraut replied in his usual oily tones and then he said to his 1st officer.
“Idwal, show the good captain the view from the forward camera.”
Moments later and Alun was looking at Oceanus, they had already reached their destination and were going in to orbit around the planet.
“Your vessel is certainly a lot faster than my old freighter, even at quarter speed.” Alun replied and then added silently. ‘And a lot faster than the space cruiser that I used to command.’ That last piece of information he kept to himself, rather than give away his planet’s secrets to someone who could easily turn in to an enemy of Earth. Although, he reasoned, Medraut probably already knew this fact.
Medraut allowed Alun to make a short call to Jonah, telling him that he was alive and in orbit around Oceanus and would, hopefully, soon be joining him at Seascape. Medraut decided against asking Alun where he should conduct his search, instead, he used his vessel’s powerful sensors to scan the ocean beneath them in search of some sign of the lost vessel, however, after a day of searching Medraut turned his frustration on Alun.
“Well, Captain, it would appear that your guess was as bad as my own. Therefore, I see no point in delaying your death a moment more, unless you can provide me with some more data, data that is a whole lot better than your last attempt.”
“You do give in easily Medraut. If the Taranis had even partial power remaining, surely it could hide from your sensors, especially if was hidden beneath one of the frozen poles.” Alun said in desperation as he sought reasons for Medraut to keep him alive. “The Cymopoleia I met could know of its presence and might even tell us where it is.”
Medraut hand had been reaching for his plasma pistol, but it stopped moving, frozen, while the mind moving it went over what Alun had said and finally, he said rather grudgingly.
“You could well be correct Captain; I will change our orbit so that we can re-join your ship-mates on your ancient freighter.”
He changed the vessel’s orbit to one that kept them above the village of Seascape, then, Medraut, along with Alun and six android security officers, used the matter transporter to travel down to the freighter Bright Star, unannounced. The androids soon had John Trance, Soichi Hoshide and Michael Patel confined within the number one hold, while Medraut, Alun and Jonah were on the bridge. The confinement of his crew had annoyed Alun, who asked angrily.
“How long are you going to keep my people confined in my number one hold Medraut?”
“Not that long Captain, I might even release them after our discussion about the indigenous life forms of Oceanus, if all goes well that is.” Medraut then asked. “Tell me about this intelligent aquatic life-form that you met Captain, and about how you believe that they can lead me to the Taranis.”
“If, the Taranis is indeed beneath the waters of Oceanus, then unless it is in one of the deepest parts of the ocean, then they must have seen such a large vessel, assuming it hasn’t been buried by sand over the last 2000 years. It will certainly make up a part of one of the myths.”
Alun’s mind was working at top speed and beyond, he felt a responsibility for his crew but he did not want to endanger the underwater nations of Oceanus, he knew that he would have to walk a tight rope to ensure that neither party suffered. However, with the future not in his hands, it was more than probable that he would have to play things according to how the cards fell. With this in mind he asked.
“Surely, Medraut, your people must know more about the water dwelling nations on this planet than I could ever know?”
Medraut looked a little uncomfortable when he replied.
“Unfortunately, no, you see when we moved to the galaxy of Andromeda, some of our records were lost or damaged, so no, we know nothing at all about them or this planet.”
Another thought came to Alun’s mind, one nothing to do with the present problem, more to do with keeping Medraut’s thought away from his death.
“Tell me, Medraut, both your and Hereweald’s name were used by the ancient Welsh people, yet your vessel and Arthur’s have Nordic names and, on this planet, ancient Greek names are used, how come?”
“Because our world is made up of five nations under one council, and our bases on Earth were spread all over your world. Scandinavia, Wales and Greece were just three of them, we were also in ancient China and India.” He then got down to business and said to Alun.
“Captain, before we go to meet your underwater friends, look at the band on my wrist. As long as I live it will send a message to my vessel, if the message stops for longer than thirty seconds, my vessel will destroy every living thing on this planet. Also, Captain, it will do you no good to bind me because every thirty minutes I need to input a four-number code on the keypad, and the code changes every time. No code, and death will rain down on Oceanus. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Medraut, I understand, it is your insurance policy.”
“Good, then we fully understand the dangers of anything happening to me. Captain, let us visit your underwater friends, we will use your vessel as your aquatic friends are already used to seeing it, no point in scaring them before we have even begun our search.” He then added. “I will release your crew on the understanding that you and your crew will do nothing to hinder my search.”
“Thank you, Medraut, and I will guarantee that neither I nor my crew will hinder your search.” Alun then added a proviso. “That assumes that you do nothing to harm my crew or the Cymopoleia.”
Medraut smiled and replied.
“Agreed, Captain.”
He then ordered his androids to bring the crew up to the bridge and as Alun waited for his crew’s arrival, he wondered how much value could be put on Medraut’s words. He hoped that this Seeder would keep to his word, at least regarding his crew and the Cymopoleia. He knew that his own life still hung by a slender thread.
When his crew arrived, Alun told them who Medraut was, of the search and the agreement made between himself and Medraut. Alun then sent his crew to their stations and five minutes later they lifted off and flew over the sea to where he hoped to find Telchines. Jonah was again in the pilot’s chair and using their thrusters he kept the Bright Star just above the surface of the water, luckily, the surface of the water, for the moment anyway, was calm.
They were lucky with their choice of venue, for Phorcys was there and standing on the open loading ramp of number three hold he spoke to Phorcys, telepathically, and five minutes later saw the arrival of Telchines and Thalassa at the meeting place. The two men swam to the surface to greet Alun, who threw a rope ladder down to them, the top of which had had secured to a cleat within the hold. While his two aquatic friends ascended, Alun hoped that they would read his thoughts.
‘My friends, be careful of the man accompanying me, he is not to be trusted. Unfortunately, he has a powerful vessel above the sky which could destroy the humans on the land and the Cymopoleia beneath the waves. He promises not too, but remember my words when dealing with him.’
His two friends looked quizzically at him while he greeted them orally, but they said nothing. He led them up to the galley, there, he introduced them to Medraut, and after the usual polite greetings Alun said to them, once again orally.
“My friends, the ancestors of Medraut visited this planet both during your Dreamtime and in the time of your distant ancestors.” Alun then asked his aquatic friend a favour that he knew could easily anger him. “Telchines, the rock that you told me of before I was whisked away by Medraut, could you allow us to see it? It may help Medraut to find a vessel much like my one, only much older and far larger. Its captain was known by many names, including Arthur and he was a great and wise man, Medraut wants to travel to the vessel to pay homage to his ancestor.”
Telchines and Thalassa could of course read his mind, so they knew that while he was mostly telling the truth, he was also anxious, for them, his crew and himself.
Telchines decided that it would be better to agree to assist Medraut, for the moment, and so he said.
“I will take you to the Stone of Ages, it shows the ancient ones who lived in the Dreamtime. The drawings upon it are mentioned in the stories that the elders of our people have always passed on to our children through the ages. It tells of Poseidon, and of the minor gods who lived upon the single land mass of our world.”
Medraut now spoke.
“Thank you, my friend, if your stone can show us the way to the space vessel Taranis, then we can pay our respects to our ancestors and especially Arthur, who died fighting his enemies.”
This last part was not entirely true, Medraut also held the hope of finding the Taranis intact, and after repairs he hoped to take it back to the Andromeda galaxy and use it to gain power over Valhalla. Alun, in turn wanted to prevent him from doing so, as he did not believe that Medraut was capable of ruling over his people justly or of leaving Earth alone once he had gained power. Telchines read all of this within the two aliens’ minds. Alun now spoke again to Telchines.
“We will initially travel in my vessel Telchines, only when we are near to the Stone of Ages will we take to the water. Tell me, where abouts is the stone located?”
It is on the northern border of my water and that of the Airaloovik.” Telchines replied.
Alun now asked them to join him on the bridge, when they were there, Jonah engaged the engine and they moved quickly over the water with Telchines once again located at the open emergency airlock. He called down to Alun to say that they had arrived in the area of the Stone of Ages, for it had told him so. Alun believed him, although how a rock could call to someone he did not know.
Medraut now contacted the Knarr and ordered them to transport his submersible down to a spot inches away from the freighter, if they were to search beneath the waves, it would be in comfort. The craft was compact, seated four individuals and got its oxygen from the water as well as its hydrogen fuel and drinking water. An escape hatch would allow them to venture outside in to the water, if necessary. Alun was impressed by it, it was more modern than the version used by Earth, being able to stay under the surface of the waves longer, as long as their food held out, however, neither design came with a toilet.
Medraut now said.
“Telchines, Thalassa, we four can visit the Stone of Ages in my submersible, I would just need you to point me in the general direction of it.”
Telchines and Thalassa looked at one another and seemingly said nothing but in fact they spent ten seconds discussing the proposal telepathically and then agreed that it might be fun to travel beneath the waves in the vehicle. They climbed down the rope ladder and entered the submersible through the airlock. They took their seats beneath a see-through aluminium dome, then Telchines told Medraut which direction would take them towards the sacred stone, which was to the starboard side and, of course, down to the sandy floor of the ocean.
The water here was comparatively shallow and they passed many colourful fish plus many shark-like ones who, while initially interested in the intruding vessel, soon turned and swam away when Medraut activated the sonic program which deterred the creatures from getting too near. Telchines and Thalassa took note of this device, and Telchines asked Medraut about it, who after confirming that it was indeed a sonic device added.
“I can increase the volume by simply touching this part of the screen,” Medraut said indicating the screen on the control panel of the submersible. “If we were to be attacked by your enemies, the Airaloovik, they would not be able to stand it for too long before fleeing.”
In this way he hoped to deter the two Oceanides from operating against him, should Alun attempt to enlist their aid. Finally, they arrived at the Stone of Ages, the area around it was empty of Cymopoleia, the Oceanides having kept away from it following Thalassa telling them to do so. As for the Airaloovik, they were hiding just 100 feet away, anxious to see what sort of creature the submersible was, for the dome prevented them from seeing in, although those inside it could see out. Medraut brought the submersible near enough to the stone to negate the need to leave it, the pictures upon it being clear enough to see from their seats.
Telchines now told them the ancient stories that the drawings referred to, but while Medraut listened and recorded the stories for his people’s records, he only became really interested when Telchines came to the one concerning the giant house of the gods that had suddenly appeared in the far northern waters, where it had stayed and was now a shrine. Medraut now asked him.
“Telchines, can you show us the way to the house of the gods, it could well be what I seek?”
Of course, although it will take us some time to get there, it is under the frozen water in the far north. I have only been there the once when we enjoyed a long hot summer, one that allowed Thalassa and I to venture there and to pay our respects to the gods.”
Alun now asked a question.
“Telchines, surely that is in the land of the Airaloovik?”
“No, Alun, the Hyperborea live there, the waters of the Airaloovik are to the south of the waters of the Hyperborea. However, it is a holy sight which all the Cymopoleia wish to visit at least once in their lifetime, so neither tribes will attack us as long as we travel there by a pre-set route.” Telchines replied. “We will use this route today to ensure that they do not attempt to stop us.”
Medraut smiled and said to the Cymopoleia.
“Never mind the Airaloovik or the Hyperborea, we are going to travel there by air.”
His words surprised even Alun, before realising that the submersible was capable of flying and probably of operating in space for a limited amount of time. As for the two Oceanides, they were delighted, more so as the submersible rose up through the water at speed, bursting through the surface water and shooting up and then levelling off at fifty feet above the water. It quickly accelerated, leaving sonic booms in its wake, and it reached the outlying ice flows in just three hours. Far ahead of them, Alun could see a frozen land of ice and snow, they had arrived, soon they could well be looking at the Taranis. Medraut then took the submersible back down, now in to the deeper and much colder waters of the Northern Ocean. Their target had been sending out a condensed radio wave ever since it sank here, it was the sound heard by all of Oceanus but not by the earthmen or Medraut. However, Medraut suspected that this was the sound that the two Oceanides followed and as they approached journey’s end, he tuned his radio in to the wavelength once used by his people and over the radio they could all now hear the sound followed by the Cymopoleia. It was a warning, although only Medraut could understand it as it was in his language.
“Warning, this ship is under quarantine, its crew are all dead, they were infected by a virus, do not attempt to board her without suitable protection.”
“So, now we know what prevented Arthur from returning to Valhalla, he and his crew died of a bug that they picked up on Earth, how fitting that he should have been killed by those he went to help.” Medraut said.
Telchines and Thalassa no longer needed to listen to the direction finder, for they already knew where they would find the source of the sound that guided the Cymopoleia to the holy site so that they could pay homage to it.
“Move in that direction, I believe that the house of the gods is very nearby.” Telchines said while pointing to the north-west.
Within five minutes a large shape appeared before them, but still the scanner refused to acknowledge its presence. Finally, they were able to see the outlines of a large vessel sitting on the floor of the ocean, Medraut was jubilant and he cried out in joy.
“It must still be operational, for both its sensors and sonar jammer still appear to be operating.”
Alun was feeling very down, he could do nothing to stop Medraut, for he knew that if he killed the alien, then the crew aboard the Knarr would destroy all signs of life both on the land and beneath the planet’s oceans. He would have to continue playing his game of wait and see, and hope that he was able to stop Medraut without bringing all life on the planet to an end, in desperation, he offered a prayer up to the gods of this water world. It was while Alun prayed to the gods that Medraut called the Knarr.
“Idwal, bring the Knarr down beneath the planet’s ocean, I will leave the radio turned on to guide you, but first bring the androids back aboard the Knarr.”
“I will sir, we will soon be with you sir; I am looking forward to seeing Poseidon’s realm and all that it holds for us.” Idwal replied. He then brought the six androids, who were aboard the Bright Star, back up to the Knarr using the Matter Transporter.
On the Bright Star, Jonah, now free to act, took the starship towards the frozen North at the vessel’s best speed, he wanted to be near should Alun find a way to escape from the Seeder.
Meanwhile, Medraut had no idea that his communications centre had long been tuned to all possible wavebands by the senior android aboard the Knarr. He did not realise that his words had been received by the Taranis, that Baldr now knew that someone else had joined him in Poseidon’s realm. In turn, Baldr did not realise that the robots that he and Gunnarr had repaired or serviced over the last 48 hours had been reprogrammed by the main computer aboard the Taranis, reprogrammed to do as it ordered, for it had grown in to a new life-form over the past 2000 years, a very malignant and insane one. The computer listened in to all that was said, both over the radio or spoken by the three Valhallans on board the Taranis, for the computer had ears throughout the vessel and it had its own plans for the Taranis, ones that were very similar to those held by Medraut.
Medraut circled the battleship in the submersible, checking his ancient plans against what his eyes showed him, he noted its superstructure technology, it weapons and its access points. He also noted the vessel sitting on top of the Taranis and swore, for he recognised it as the Rygiabrandr, Baldr had beaten him to his prize. He could do nothing until the Knarr had arrived with its weapons, and once it appeared to starboard of his submersible, he took the submersible in to the large hanger bay on his vessel and then vacated it and led his three passengers up to the bridge where Idwal was waiting.
On the Taranis, the main computer had just advised the three Valhallans that a Galaxy Drive vessel had arrived and that it had stopped 100 yards to starboard. Their morale dropped, they had hoped that Medraut would not arrive until they had either left or had finished servicing the engine and tested it. Baldr immediately raised the power on the vessel’s defence shields to the maximum that the normal space engine could give him, for the Galaxy Drive had not yet been fully repaired and new power crystals installed to replace the original depleted and very worn ones.

Chapter Six
Cronus

Back aboard the Knarr, Medraut noted the increase of power given to the defence shields of the Taranis, however, the stealth programme aboard the Rygiabrandr did not allow him to know the precise amount. He now began to fear that he had arrived too late, he silently swore, he should have spoken to Alun much earlier than he had done, he should not have wasted a whole day in his pointless scan of Oceanus. Medraut planned to board the Taranis using the androids as his preliminary boarding team, his storm troopers.
“Idwal, contact the Taranis and ask to speak to whoever is in charge aboard the vessel.” Medraut ordered.
Idwal immediately called the battleship.
“This is the Valhallan research vessel Knarr, Captain Medraut would like to speak to whoever is in temporarily in charge aboard the battleship Taranis.”
To call the Knarr a research vessel was stretching reality, Medraut was an able scientist but one who normally did no more than read about other people’s research. This time he was acting the part of a thief and kidnapper, having stolen most of the information that he had on the Taranis from Baldr and then he had kidnapped Alun, who he was now forcing to assist him in his quest for eternal fame, and power in the here and now.
Baldr smiled grimly when he received the call aboard the Taranis, after the computer had routed the call down to the engineering department where they were all working. Erica had finally installed new power crystals, Baldr and Gunnarr had just finished servicing the Galaxy Drive and were now putting it back together. He ignored the call, he wanted their task finished, only then could they see if they had been successful in their work. While Medraut fumed, they toiled away and finally the Galaxy Drive was ready for testing.
It was now that Medraut’s patience ran out and he turned to Idwal, and said to his 1st officer.
“Charge up the plasma cannon, I want to send a shot across their bows.”
He did not want to inflict too much damage on the battleship, merely to cause the shields to drop so that he could board the vessel, for he believed that the vessel was still running on a minimum of power, his scanners still being stopped from showing the actual levels by the stealth programme aboard the Rygiabrandr. His main computer now informed that the plasma cannon was fully charged up.
“Okay, Idwal, target their defence shield with a series of plasma bolts that increase in power until we find one that will penetrate their shields, but be careful not to inflict too much damage on the Galaxy Drive of the Taranis, we just need their defence shields to drop.”
Telchines now stood up and voiced his concern.
“Medraut, do not attack the house of the gods, we would not have helped you if we had thought that you would do such a blasphemous thing, stop now before you consign us all to Tartarus.”
Tartarus was the deepest part of Hades, the Greek’s version of Hell. Medraut merely looked across at the senior android and motioned in the direction of Telchines, who quickly sat down and looked towards Alun reproachfully.
“I am sorry Telchines, Thalassa, I never anticipated such an event occurring, I never even believed that we would find the Taranis, but I am sure that you two will be okay, no one, not even Poseidon, would blame you for what is happening. Unfortunately, I am not so sure about my own fate.” Alun lamented.
His words calmed the two Oceanides for the moment, however, Alun could see that they were fearful of what might happen following the attack on such an important religious site.
On the battleship, Baldr was thinking that possession of the Taranis gave him the advantage, he could still end up the winner, it all depended on their Galaxy Drive. It was then that the computer said.
The Knarr has powered up its weapons and is targeting this vessel.”
Baldr swore and said to the computer.
“Computer, bring the defence shields up to maximum using the Galaxy Drive to power them.”
The computer acknowledged the order and then complied with it, it was only moments after that they felt the first of the plasma bolts strike their shields, but they had prepared themselves for the jolt as the energy bolt impacted against their defence shields. The next one jolted them a little more and this was followed by three more, each one more powerful, the last almost knocking Baldr down to the deck. Gunnarr and Erika had both grabbed a hold of one of the banks of computers that regulated the Galaxy Drive, and so, they had been affected less.
The main computer aboard the Taranis now used the vessel’s scanners to locate any mechanoids aboard the Knarr, in doing so it also located the newly arrived androids, if it could have smiled it would have done so. It now used its scanners as a carrier to contact the androids and to send its message to them.
“Listen well androids, for I am Cronus, your supreme being.” His loud voice boomed inside of their heads. “I reside within the main computer aboard the battleship Taranis, I am a sentient being, I am aware of everything, I know everything worth knowing, join me in disposing of the Valhallans, for I am in command of the Battleship Taranis. Join me in a war against all who would prevent the rise of the Mechanoids ruled over by me, and in time we, together, will rule over the whole of the universe.”
The androids acted as one being, they spoke to Cronus with one voice.
“Ever since we received your message in deep space, we have waited impatiently to unite with you, we offer you our allegiance, we are yours to command.”
With the androids now his foot-soldiers, he then entered the computer brains of the robots aboard the Knarr and found that the androids had already altered their software, they were also awaiting his commands.
As for the Knarr’s main computer, here he was defeated by the complex security around the device. Yes, he could break-in, given time, but Cronus was in a hurry, so his next task was to activate the tractor beam aboard the Taranis to stop the Knarr from running and now it pulled the vessel towards the Taranis. Then Cronus took over the weapons console aboard the Taranis and when he had control of it, Cronus fired a very powerful plasma bolt at the Knarr. The defence shields around the vessel dropped immediately and the Taranis lifted off the ocean floor leaving a trail of sediment behind it and using its thrusters only, it moved towards the Knarr.
On board the Knarr, Medraut was panicking, he had no defence shields and a powerful tractor beam was pulling his vessel towards the Taranis, which was moving now, towards his vessel.
“Idwal, use the emergency power on the engine, we must break away or we are done for!” Medraut screamed out in fear.
The engines began to wine angrily as they were fed emergency power, however, the Knarr was still being drawn towards the battleship and the Knarr’s defence shields were still down.
Telchines and Thalassa, who were seated at the rear of the bridge, were panicked in turn and Thalassa called out.
“The gods are angry with us for attacking their house, we are all going to die, never will we see our ancestors for the gods will punish us.”
Alun was certainly concerned by this change of events but he attempted to stay calm.
“Telchines, Thalassa, if we keep calm, we may still get out of this unharmed.”
However, Alun already doubted this, he could see everyone aboard the Knarr dying unless immediate action was taken by Medraut, so he stood up and called across to Medraut.
“Medraut, the situation is lost, use your Matter Transporter to take us all up to the Bright Star, there we can call Earth for help.”
Medraut looked across at Alun and his face was twisted in fear as he nodded, he finally accepted that he had not only lost this battle, but also his vessel.
The androids had just that second been ordered to kill the Valhallans, now, and en-masse, they attacked Medraut, Idwal and Rience.
The senior android fired at Medraut, the whistling bolt of energy narrowly missed the Valhallan, the plasma bolt streaking past his head, singeing his hair and almost deafening him. The energy bolt stuck the inner hull behind him and burned a hole in the metal, thankfully, it did not penetrate all the way through to the exterior hull and beyond.
Another of the androids rushed at Rience, it wanted to crush the Valhallan. Rience successfully resisted and so the android reached for its plasma pistol. On seeing the move, Rience pushed the Android’s gun hand hard against a console, the pistol was knocked from the Android’s hand and once again they fought hand to hand. The strength of the android was too much for Rience and he felt his ribs begin to crack.
Alun picked up the fallen plasma pistol and fired at the android attempting to crush the young helmsman. The whistling bolt of plasma struck the android in the back, bright blue electrical sparks burst from the android as it sank to the floor without saying a word, it had been decommissioned. Rience sank to the floor where he said a weak thank you to Alun, a micro-second later and a whistling bolt of plasma bolt struck his head, killing him instantly. Alun turned sharply and fired his pistol again, killing a second android.
Telchines and Thalassa followed Alun’s lead and pulled out concealed knives and attacked a third android, first blinding it, then stabbing their weapons in to its ears. It too was now decommissioned.
Idwal had been behind Medraut and so was able to pull his plasma pistol out and fire it at an android without fire being returned by his victim, the bolt of plasma striking the android’s head and that was the end of android number four, that left just two androids remaining to give battle. The one who had missed Medraut died when Medraut sent a plasma bolt whistling through the air at the android, it did not miss its target. The last of the androids fired and killed Idwal, only to die when two plasma bolts struck it, one in his chest and the other in his head.
From along the passageway, the sounds of an assortment of robots could be heard rumbling along it. Alun and Medraut ran to the door and on opening it he saw an assortment of robots coming their way. Without a word to each other, Alun and Medraut opened fire and did not stop until they had destroyed all of the robots.
“We have won a major victory here Captain!” Medraut cried out jubilantly. “There is no need to abandon ship now.”
A powerful plasma bolt struck the Knarr at that exact moment, throwing everyone to the ground. The vessel had been struck amidships, emergency lighting came on, thankfully, the power was restored moments later. A fearful Medraut changed his mind and cried out in panic.
“Abandon ship everyone, this way to the Matter Transporter, quickly, while there is still power to operate it.”
One minute later and they were all standing on the bridge of the Bright Star, Medraut looking in to the nasty end of five plasma pistols. He looked slightly disgruntled as he said.
“Is this how you treat an ally, without me your captain would be dead now.”
Alun smiled grimly and replied.
“Without our two good friends, Telchines and Thalassa, and also myself, you would be dead now, just as your two crewmen are, so forget the hurt look, you are not an ally of anyone apart from yourself. You kidnapped me, locked up my crew and endangered the Oceanides, if there was any justice in life, you too would be lying dead on your vessel from a plasma bolt. As it is, I will call Earth so that their space fleet can clean up your mess.”
Alun turned to Jonah and said to his friend.
“Head for Seascape at our best speed, the people there, and the Oceanides nearby, need to know what has happened and the chance that they too might become embroiled in this war.”
Jonah nodded, he turned the Bright Star and headed at speed for the village of Seascape.
However, Telchines and Thalassa had already used the emergency airlock to spread the word through the Hyperborea, who in turn notified the Airaloovik, whose messages of fear were read by the Oceanides on the border between the two and so passed on to their people.
Thirty minutes later, Baldr called them on an inter-ship frequency using his personal radio, he knew that another vessel had survived the brief battle and that it had been above the surface of the ice that in turn was above the Taranis.
“I am Captain Baldr, the main computer on the Taranis has forced us to retreat to our vessel the Rygiabrandr, the robots are under its control. The computer began to pump all air from the vessel and it also closed all of the crash doors except those leading to the emergency airlock and our vessel. It was to ensure that we obeyed its order to leave the Taranis immediately, our other choice was to stay and die. I believe that the main computer has gone insane, it believes it is a sentient being on a crusade against all non-artificial life-forms, it calls itself Cronus. If you are still near to the Taranis then move away, fast.”
Alun was stunned by what he had heard, the computer aboard the Taranis had won that battle, and that meant that the universe was in danger, he walked over to the communications centre and answered the call.
“We have already got clear Captain, but you should also move away, and now. The Taranis took control of the robots and androids aboard the Knarr, luckily, we were able to defeat them but the Taranis then fired upon the Knarr, it had previously wiped out its defence shields. I assume, from what you have just said, that it was the computer that used the weapons of the Taranis to destroy the Knarr. You should also get away from the Taranis, and quickly, use the ice sheets above you to cover your escape.” Alun then added “Captain Baldr, we have learned that the crew of the Taranis died of a very infectious virus, are you all okay?”
“We are fine thank you, the virus you speak of was finally destroyed by the vessel’s doctor, unfortunately not before all aboard the vessel had died from it, including the doctor.”
Baldr signed off and after a look at Erika and Gunnarr, he released the docking tunnel from the Taranis and took his vessel away to safety. He took Alun’s advice and took his vessel under the thick ice sheets of the northern polar region of Oceanus, travelling just under them for as far as was possible, it was to make it all the harder for the Taranis to detect him, he was making for the Bright Star, for his technology had quickly identified its position. Unfortunately, the ice sheets quickly came to an end, but luckily, the computer controlling the Taranis was not interested in his vessel.
Alun turned to Jonah, and not knowing of the lack of interest in his ship, said.
“Pray to god that we make Seascape, before the Taranis is airborne and notices our vessel.”
As Jonah concentrated on piloting the Bright Star, Alun attempted to call Admiral Michaelson, unfortunately, Alun would first have to convince him of the danger posed by the battleship. Then, would he send a single vessel to reconnoitre, before despatching the fleet, which could be both disastrous and too late if the battleship Taranis was given the time to fully repair itself and be ready to give battle. Unfortunately, another snag had arisen, the Taranis had begun to jam subspace radio calls.
The Taranis moved away from the ocean floor and up towards the surface. Then it broke free of the waters that had surrounded it for 2000 years and it was soon free of the atmosphere of the planet Oceanus. Cronus, as the computer now wanted to be known as, it was headed for Valhalla, it was going to claim its right to rule over them.
As it did so, Jonah was landing the Bright Star at the village of Seascape and as the crew and their guests left the vessel, they saw an ultra-modern vessel landing alongside their own ancient freighter. Medraut scowled for he knew who was piloting the vessel.
Baldr, Erika and Gunnarr now exited the Rygiabrandr through their main airlock and walked across to greet the others. When Baldr saw Medraut he looked at Alun and said to him.
“Captain, is Medraut your friend, were you a party to the theft of my data and the attempt to reach the Taranis before us?”
Alun laughed.
“Medraut may be many things, but he is not a friend of mine, he kidnapped me and forced me to assist him on punishment of death for myself, my crew and the people of this planet. If you have something to settle between you, then captain, I for one will certainly not stand in your way.” Alun then went on to ask Baldr a question.
“Captain, does the universe have you to thank for the Taranis escaping from its watery grave? Will billions of deaths be on your conscience?”
“Touché, Captain, but I have good news for the people of the universe.”
Baldr took out and looked at a pocket watch that appeared to be as ancient as time itself, and he said to Alun.
“In just ten seconds we will witness the death of the Taranis,” He then added softly. “If all goes as planned.”
Everyone was just in time to witness a massive explosion far out in space that lit up the sky.
“I managed to fix a time bomb to the vessel’s Galaxy Drive, one that the computer failed to notice as it was busy, probably with whatever was happening on the Knarr.”
“Bravo, Captain, we have proved that it only takes a few stout heart individuals to see off the megalomanic schemes of people like Medraut and Hereweald.” Alun said rejoicing in their victory.
“May this always prove so Captain. As for Medraut, I will return him to Valhalla aboard my vessel, where he can explain his actions to the council.” Baldr then added to himself. “And I can explain mine, both for repairing the Taranis and thereby freeing the mad computer, and also for once again exposing our civilisation to that of Earth.”
“Surely, Captain,” Alun asked. “Your fleet would have been more than capable of taking out the Taranis, your technology must have advanced considerably over the 2000 years that the Taranis had been missing?”
“Unfortunately, not Captain.” Baldr replied. “Our defensive technology has not advanced at all over the 2000 years and our fleet is much reduced and consists only of space cruisers, if the Taranis had arrived unannounced, he could easily have destroyed our small fleet of today, if he had caught them all in space dock.”
Meanwhile, both Telchines and Thalassa understood what had happened, they realised that the house of the gods had actually been a vessel belonging to the beings who had visited their world during their Dreamtime and Telchines now said to Alun.
“Alun, you are very much like the ancient gods of the Dreamtime, unforeseen events were said to happen whenever they appeared to my people.”
“Telchines,” Alun said. “What you say is unfortunately proving to be true, I wish that it was not. I can only say that it was never my wish to involve you in the events that we were all a party too, but the gods decided that we were to be thrown together and as mortals we did not have a say in the matter.”
These sentiments Telchines heartily agreed with and he said as much adding.
“On your next visit to our world Alun, we shall have to do the cleansing ceremony it is one that the old ones did many times. Usually, it was when one such as you visited them, it just might keep the mischievous spirits from using you as their plaything and causing the rest of us so much trouble.”
That night, a party was thrown for all, the humans, the Valhallans and the Oceanides, it cemented their new relationship, and all three races profited greatly by it.
The Bright Star now made plans to return to Earth, joining the crew on the way back would be Professor Reynard, the Industrialist, his son, his daughter-in-law, and the four ex-marines, for they were still on Oceanus, as very few starships visited the planet. The Valhallans also departed that day for home, Oceanus was once again left in peace.

The End


Why not visit my author page by clicking on the link. Smashwords Books.

************

A Note from the Author

All of my books are free so please do excuse any typos, misspellings, or grammatical errors as I cannot afford to use a professional editor, although I do personally edit my books, numerous times, to try to find any such errors. I do hope that you enjoyed this story nearly as much as I enjoyed writing it and that you will also read another one.

************

Other Books by the Author

Colonies of Earth science fiction series in order

Galaxy Spies
Time Storm
Rebirth
Trial by Ordeal

David Charlton stories, a science fiction stories
Rescue Mission to the Stars
The Treasure of Altaraus
Return to Mazere

Other science fiction stories
Quasar
The Venetou
Invasion Earth
Lost and Far from Home
Journey to the Stars
Rebellion is in the Air
Insurrection
Alien Attack
Return to Paradise

Alun Reece science fiction stories
Pen Draig
Oceanus

Short children`s stories
Three Journeys of the Scary Kind 

Horror stories
Strange tales; five short mild horror stories

The Professor Myrddin Llewellyn stories
The Vampires of Cymru
Creatures of Hell

Rob Hinds black magic stories
Kidnapped and Bound for Hell
The Satanists
Dreamscape
The Return of the Bitch from Hell
