Omega 835  


Copyright © 2018 by Razor Blade All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Chapter 1
Valentina

“Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.”---Mark Twain

For my Mother


Derek folded the aluminum foil and pressed it around the inside edges of his Kansas City Royals ball cap being extra careful to make sure he didn’t leave any area open. He inspected his work and didn’t see any of the blue fabric from the inside of the cap, but just to make sure he ripped off another sheet of foil and laid it over the other three sheets he had already used. Normally he used glue to hold the aluminum in place but he was out and that drove him nuts. He didn’t like his routine interrupted and knew the rest of his day was ruined. All he had was Scotch tape but that would have to do until he could get to the store. 
With a few strips of tape, he secured the foil inside his cap and placed it on his head pressing down to conform the foil to the shape of his skull. He let go of the cap and shook his head from side to side feeling for any free movement. He preferred his cap to be snug. Satisfied, he put the roll of foil and the tape back in the drawer and shut it. He then opened the drawer to make sure it was still there. He shut the door and repeated two more times. Now he was certain the foil and the tape were where they were supposed to be. 
“Derek!” a voice called out from another room. “Momma needs to see you.” 
In a whisper, Derek said under his breath, “Not now, I’m busy.” And then he waited for his mother to call for him again. She always did. 
“Did you hear me? Momma needs you,” his mother called again. Her name was Agnus and she lived most of her life either in her bed, or running around the apartment in her motorized scooter. 
“Yes mother,” Derek replied. He left the kitchen, walked through the living room and into his mother’s bedroom. “What do you want Momma?” Derek asked. 
“Momma needs the bathroom,” Agnus replied. She was two hundred and eighty pounds and couldn’t ambulate to the bathroom without assistance. Derek was not only her son, but her personal nurse and he hated it. His mother’s room was a disgusting shit hole and a hoarder’s paradise. The walls were hardly visible through the stacked boxes of newspaper, magazines and various junk she had gathered over the years. Her bed was covered in food wrappers and dirty dishes and clothes were strewn all over the floor. Derek knew he needed to do laundry, but the smell made him sick to his stomach. 
“Yes Momma,” Derek replied, like he always did. He stepped over next to the bed and grabbed the walker that Agnus used to help her ambulate short distances. Her motor scooter was parked in the living room because there wasn’t enough room to store it in her bedroom. He placed the walker next to the bed and reached over and swung his mother’s huge, edematous legs over the edge. He then reached over and took his mother by the hand and with his other hand grasped her shoulder and pulled her up to a sitting position. When she was stable and gained her balance Derek let go and felt the tinge of pain in his back he always felt after helping his mother sit up. 
“I think I had an accident,” Agnus said. She didn’t seem embarrassed, because she had accidents all the time that her son had to clean. 
“That’s ok Momma, I’ll clean it up,” Derek replied. He then helped his mother stand, gain her balance with the walker and assist her to the bathroom. After he got her on the pot he stepped out of the bathroom. But not before his mother made another request. 
“Can you get Momma a drink?”
“What do you want?”
“A glass of milk,” Agnus replied. 
“Yes, Momma, anything else?”
“No,” Agnus replied and Derek left the room. 
In the kitchen, Derek resumed what he was doing before his mother called him. He knew she’d be on the toilet for twenty minutes or more so he was in no rush to get back with the milk. He stepped over to the refrigerator and pulled out two frozen burritos from the freezer and unwrapped them. He pulled out a plate from the dish cabinet and placed the burritos on the plate and stepped over to the microwave oven. Only Derek didn’t see an oven, he saw the generator of a powerful radio signal, like the microwave towers he had seen out in the country. The kind of towers that emitted signals that entered his brain and tried to control him. 
He knew the generator’s powerful signals could be used to cook food. He had seen programs on the television explaining how microwaves worked and knew if he took precautions he would be able to use the generator to make his breakfast. That is if he lined his hat with aluminum foil to keep the radio signals out. Occasionally he’d check the lining of his hat to make sure there were no open areas where the radio signals could penetrate. And today was one of those days. 
He opened the microwave oven door and placed the plate inside. He closed the door and pushed two minutes and thirty seconds on the cook timer. He pressed the ‘on’ button and placed his hands on his hat pulling the edges down over the tops of his ears. For two minutes and thirty seconds he watched the plate and the burritos spin inside the microwave and then stop with a ding. He was satisfied the signals didn’t penetrate the hat into his head. 
“I’m waiting,” Agnus called from her bathroom. 
Momma didn’t have patience and Derek drew tired of waiting on her. It was a daily event but it was the only way he could earn a living. He was paid by Medicaid to care for his diabetic, obese mother who had gout and COPD. Derek would cook, clean and make sure she had her medicine. But he hated the work and wanted so badly to leave and do something else with his life. But he didn’t know to where or what he would do. He was just so unhappy with his overbearing mother and his tedious---worthless existence. “Give me a second,” Derek said. He left the plate in the microwave and opened the door to the refrigerator. He pulled out the milk and poured a glass for his mother. He checked the expiration date on the gallon jug and was satisfied the milk was still good. Then he checked the date again, and a third time and placed the jug back in the refrigerator.
Derek entered his mother’s bathroom and handed her the glass of milk. Her bathroom was as disgusting as her bedroom with the sink covered in soap, razors, make up and assorted toiletries. “Are you about done Momma?” Derek asked. 
“Give me ten more minutes,” Agnus replied with a milk mustache over her real mustache. 
“Alright, let me know when you’re done,” Derek replied. He left her room and was heading back to the kitchen when he heard a knock at the front door of the apartment. He wasn’t expecting anyone so it surprised him. He walked over to the front door and peered through the peep hole. What he saw was a woman standing in the hall wearing black sunglasses, a black double breasted Chanel suit with a matching pillbox hat. In her right hand was an eight inch black telescopic cigarette holder and the longest, thinnest lit cigarette he had ever seen. She looked like an evil version of Jackie Kennedy. 
Before the woman could knock again, Derek opened the door and a wave of smoke entered the room. He couldn’t tell if she was looking at him through the black lenses of her sunglasses, and that made him nervous. 
“Hello, are you Derek?” the woman asked with a thick Russian accent. 
“Yes, I’m Derek,” he replied. He didn’t ask her in. 
“Do you mind if I come inside your apartment?” the woman asked. 
“Who are you?” Derek asked. He was confused and a bit taken aback by her appearance. 
“My name is Valentina,” the woman replied.
“What do you want?”
“Let me come inside and I’ll tell you.”
Derek was hesitant to let anyone inside his apartment. Let alone a woman with such a foreign accent. 
“No, I don’t think so. My Momma will be calling me soon and I have to be available.” 
“This won’t take long, and it’s important,” Valentina replied. 
“Let me ask Momma first,” Derek replied. He was concerned for Momma’s safety.
“No, you can’t tell anyone about me. Let me have a few minutes of your time to explain, ok?”
The thought of keeping a secret from his Momma bothered Derek, and this woman looked and sounded very suspicious. Nothing about what she was saying or doing gave him any confidence. “Are you selling something, because we don’t buy from sales people,” Derek stated. 
“I’m not selling anything, I have important information. Information for your ears only,” Valentina replied. 
“Derek!” Agnus called from the bathroom. “I’m done.”
“Hold on Momma,” Derek yelled back. “See, I have work to do.”
Valentina took a long draw on her cigarette and held it inside as she thought. She turned her head and exhaled leaving a large plume of smoke hanging in the air. “Your government is going to take your guns,” Valentina said. “And you are the only person that can stop them.”
Now she had his attention. Derek was an avid gun collector and spent as much free time as he could obsessing over them. He never shot any of them, he had no place to shoot them, but kept them polished in cases in his room. He had Glocks, Rugers, Winchesters, Remingtons, Brownings and an assortment of other brands locked in his cabinet, hidden under his bed and on the top shelf of his bedroom closet. He also had plenty of ammunition locked and hidden away. “What do you mean they are taking away our guns?” Derek asked. 
“The Democrats, they are planning to enter a bill into congress to repeal the second amendment and take away your rights.” 
Now that she had his attention, Derek motioned for Valentina to come into his apartment. He offered her a seat on the couch which she eagerly accepted. “Momma, you’re gonna have to wait, I have company,” Derek yelled. 
He heard some grumbling but no formal response from his mother. “How do you know they’re gonna take my guns?” Derek asked. 
“In my line of work, I have access to information,” Valentina replied. 
“What kind of work do you do?”
Valentina took another long draw on her cigarette and exhaled slow letting the smoke hang in the air around her head. “I’m a spy,” she replied. 
“Holy shit, a real spy?” Derek asked. 
“Yes, I work for the Russian government.”
“What is a Russian spy doing in my apartment?”
“We need your assistance,” Valentina replied. 
“I don’t understand. Why would the Russians want to get involved with our rights? I would think you would want our government to take away our guns, then you could invade America.”
“Yes, that makes perfect sense, but no, if your government takes away your guns, your citizens will rise up and attempt to overthrow your government. And that could lead to another civil war. It is in the Russian government’s best interest that America not engage in a civil war.”
“I’m not trying to put ideas into your head, but wouldn’t that make it all the more easier to invade us and take over?”
“Not at all. If America were to go to war with itself, we have calculated there is an eighty five percent chance nuclear weapons would be used. We can’t afford to have the world turned into a nuclear wasteland.” 
Derek sat and thought for a moment. “That makes perfect sense, but why me?”
“We need you because nobody would suspect an average citizen. Just like the Kennedy assassination, nobody suspected Oswald, and look how that turned out.”
“Are you saying the Russians were responsible for Kennedy’s assassination?” 
“Of course,” Valentina replied. 
Just then Derek remembered the burritos he left in the microwave. “I’m making breakfast, do you want a burrito?” 
“No thanks,” Valentina replied. “I don’t care for Mexican food.”
“If you don’t mind?” Derek asked as he got up. He stepped into the kitchen, grabbed the burritos out of the microwave, poured a glass of juice, grabbed a fork and headed back into the living room. On his way he called out to his mother and told her he’d be a bit longer. She was pissed but didn’t have any recourse and didn’t want to piss off her son. He had a temper when he was angry. As he sat back down, he asked, “So what am I supposed to do?”
“We want you to assassinate Congressman Beth Thompson from California,” Valentina replied. 
“California? Those hippy, liberal, welfare loving, lazy, food stamp abusing, pot smoking, pro-abortion, God and gun hating, socialist assholes.” 
“See, that’s why we chose you. We knew you were a moral man. We knew only you could put an end to this travesty before it got out of hand. You don’t want the liberals to come to your door and collect your guns.”
“Fuck no, they can take my guns when they pry them from my cold dead hands!” Derek yelled. “Ain’t no Democrat gonna take away my God given right, no fucking way.”
“Good, so you’re onboard then?” Valentina asked. 
“Hell yes, where do I sign?”
“Oh, no, this is top secret, there can’t be a paper trail.”
“Then what am I supposed to do? I’ve never tried to assassinate anyone before.”
“That’s simple, I will give you directions to doctor that will implant a receiver into your brain. We can send you signals directly without leaving any trace.”
“Is he a special ops Russian spy doctor?” Derek asked. 
“Of course, but he is a she.”
“What about Momma?” Derek asked. “Who’ll take care of here while I’m on the mission?”
“Don’t worry, we’ll take care of your mother,” Valentina replied. “We’ll put the full efforts of the Russian government behind you.” Valentina reached into her jacket pocket and pulled out a card and handed it to Derek. “Go to that address tomorrow at nine a.m. and ask the clerk for a Nariño 70 Cold Brew and a Bacon, Gouda & Egg Breakfast Sandwich. Then ask her if she likes coffee. She will reply, ‘I like mine with whipped cream.’ Then you say, “Whip it good.” That way she will know you are our new special agent and will take you to the basement where the surgery will take place.”
“How long will it take to recover from surgery?”
“Not long, they will place a catheter into your femoral artery and position the receiver without having to cut into your skull. It’s very effective and takes less than an hour.”
“Derek!” Agnus yelled from the bathroom. This time she sounded manic. “Hurry up, my ass is getting sore!”
Derek turned and looked to the bathroom and back to the Russian spy who was smoking in his living room. “I should really see to Momma, I promise I’ll be at the address tomorrow at nine.”
“Good, I need you to memorize the address and give me the card back. I can’t leave any trace that I was here,” Valentina replied. 
“What about all the smoke?” Derek asked. 
“Smoke goes away, “Valentina replied. 
“And the video camera in the hallway, and the one in the lobby downstairs?” 
“Not a problem, the fabric of my outfit is designed to scramble all video. All they will see of me is a blur.”
“That’s awesome, will I get some of that?” Derek asked. 
“I don’t know, my job was to contact you and set up the appointment for the surgery. After I get new orders I will contact you again to set up the assassination. I must be going.” Valentina stood up and tapped the ash of her cigarette into her jacket pocket. “No trace,” she stated as she walked over to the door. “Remember, nine a.m. don’t be late. Do you remember what you are supposed to ask the girl at the counter?”
Derek stood and thought for a moment. “Something about coffee and a roll?” he asked. 
Valentina shook her head like she was looking at an idiot. “Yes, that will do fine, a coffee and a roll. Don’t forget to ask her how she likes her coffee.”
“No problem,” Derek replied. She stepped into the hallway and he shut the door behind her. 
“Derek! My asshole is burning!” Agnus yelled. 
“Yes Momma, I’ll get the wet wipes, hold on.” 
Chapter 2
Rep. Beth Thompson
Democratic representative Beth Thompson from the 39th congressional district of California stood looking at herself in the full length mirror in her office. Behind her sat two of her most trusted advisors and an intern watching this woman fuss over every aspect of her appearance. “What do you think of my lipstick color?” Thompson asked. She turned to the two men and one woman who were waiting for her to sit down at her desk and get on with business.  
“Looks great,” Travis Donner replied. He really didn’t give a shit. He was bored and never got used to these marathon primping sessions. 
“Angie, what do you think?” Beth asked. 
Angie Paige was a first year intern who was always willing to kiss ass at any time she felt it would benefit her. A student from George Washington University, she planned to go into politics in some shape or form after graduation and loved working in what she felt was the most important and influential arena possible---Washington politics. “Maybe try Parisian Pink,” Paige replied. 
Donner hung his head and palmed his forehead. Under his breath he whispered, “Holy fuck, can we get on with this?”
Paige looked to Donner with distain. She was kissing ass and didn’t need this troll getting in her way. 
“Do you have any?” Thompson asked. 
“No, sorry. I only have lip gloss,” Paige replied. 
Thompson turned back and looked into the mirror again. She pulled up her skirt a bit and straightened out the wrinkles in her blouse. “I don’t think this matches all that well,” she said aloud referring to her skirt blouse combo. 
“You look fine,” Mike Flood replied. He was also an advisor and much more vocal when it came to his temper. “We need to talk about this bill.”
Thompson stepped away from the mirror and walked over to her desk. She looked like a runway model showing off the new spring fashions. She stepped behind her large walnut desk and sat in her plush black leather chair. Behind her hung photos of her family and various spots around California including the state capital building in Sacramento. “You don’t have to be such a prick,” Thompson said. 
“If you’d spend half as much time doing your job as you do obsessing with your looks we’d be done by now,” Flood replied. 
“You like your job---Mike?” Thompson asked. 
“Is this where you threaten to fire me if I don’t get on board with your vision?”
“You’re a sexist pig Mike and I’ve about had it with you,” Thompson replied. She subconsciously tugged at her blouse showing off more cleavage as she spoke. Mike took notice, like he always did but didn’t say anything. She always went off the deep end when he called her out. 
Then Donner spoke up. “Why can’t you be more like Paige?”
“What do you mean by that?” Thompson asked. She liked to be the center of attention and didn’t like it when men called attention to other women. 
“She doesn’t spend all of our meeting time obsessing over her looks like you do.”
“Obsess?” Thompson asked with a laugh. “I like to look professional, maybe you should care about your appearance and get a haircut. Maybe shave off that terrible seventies mustache.” 
Donner rubbed his finger under his nose without thinking. He did have a Freddie Mercury vibe going on but thought it looked good on him. 
“What’s there to talk about? I’m going to introduce the bill on Monday like I planned.”
“Yes, but there is a lot, and I mean a lot of resistance to any kind of gun control bill. You are planning on reversing the second amendment for God’s sake,” Donner said. 
“It’s about time, too many kids are dying because of the gun toting right wing conservative nut jobs out there who’d rather masturbate with a gun than save a child’s life.”
“You won’t win,” Flood replied. “Give it up.”
“This is the kind of advice I pay you for? To go against everything I stand for?”
“If you want a yes man you can hire a yes man, I’m going to tell you like it is,” Flood replied. 
“But I have constituents that agree with me,” Thompson replied. 
“Not enough to go through with this disaster of a bill.”
“But they love me.”
The room fell silent for a moment. 
“What did you say?” Flood asked. 
“They send me letters. I’ve read them.”
“Are you telling me they told you they love you? And that’s why you sponsored this ridiculous gun control bill?”
“You’re jealous,” Thompson replied. 
“Holy fucking God, I can’t believe what I’m hearing. They’re kissing your ass and you are eating it up.”
“It’s not just that, I happen to agree with them. Guns are dangerous, you know that.”
“You want to disarm the citizens of the United States and leave them vulnerable to criminals. That’s all your bill will succeed in doing.”
“We will take the guns from the criminals too,” Thompson replied. 
Flood and Donner laughed at the same time. Paige looked away and tried not to join in. 
“What’s so funny?” Thompson asked. 
“Criminals don’t obey gun laws,” Flood replied. 
“That’s why we have police.”
Flood shook his head without thinking. He looked Rep. Thompson in the eye and said, “Are you out of your mind? You can’t expect the police to round up every gun in the country and no criminal is going to hand over anything.”
“Actually I plan for the police to go door to door and confiscate all guns, it’s in the bill. Did you read it?” 
“I stopped after the first page, it’s a joke.”
Thompson stood up and walked around her desk and stood before Flood. She then sat on the desk and let him get a good look up her skirt. She knew the best way to control a man was with sex. She had a nice body and had used it plenty of times in the past to attain the results she wanted. 
“You might want to cross your legs,” Flood said. “This isn’t a strip club.”
Frustrated and pissed, Thompson stood up and paced around the room. She was becoming very upset and thrashed her arms around like a third grader looking for attention. “I don’t care if you don’t like me, there are plenty of others out there who do, you can leave,” she said with a sniffle. She was in the midst of crying. 
Paige stood up and walked over to Thompson. She wrapped her arms around her to comfort her but was pushed back. “I’m not a lesbian, leave me alone,” Thompson snapped. 
“What?” Paige asked. “I was just trying to make you feel better.”
“No, you were trying to feel me up, you can leave with those two pigs.”
“Now calm down,” Paige said in a soothing voice. “There’s no reason to be calling anyone names.”
Thompson wiped away a tear and swallowed hard. “Don’t tell me to calm down,” Thompson replied in a low monotone voice. She was holding back her emotions but ready to explode at any moment. “I’m the one my state elected, not you, or them. I am going to do what is right for my state and take every gun I can find and melt them in a factory.”
“You can’t actually believe what you’re saying,” Flood said. “Nobody is going to hand over their guns, there will be riots in the streets and even if you succeeded, no factory is going to melt them down. Just give this up before Monday.”
“Mike, I know our relationship hasn’t always been wonderful. But we’ve had some good times together. I want you to be the Mike I remember and support me---like you use to.”
“What are you talking about? You talk like we use to date.”
“Come on Mike, you know if we weren’t married to different people we’d be together,” Thompson stated. 
“Where is this coming from?” Flood asked. 
“Don’t pretend you haven’t flirted with me. I can tell when you do. You’re not good at it at all.”
“I’m gay,” Flood replied. “I’ve been married to the same man for three years. You didn’t know this?”
Thompson looked at Flood like he was crazy. “Of course I knew. But secretly you’ve always wanted me. What man would want another man? That’s so disgusting.”
Pissed beyond belief, Flood stood up and pointed his finger at Thompson. “Now you’ve crossed the line Beth. I’m going to report you to the congressional ethics committee.”
Thompson cocked her head like a chicken, “For what? Telling you the obvious? You can’t honestly tell me you’d rather be with a man than be with me?” she said as she held out her arms to her sides. 
“I don’t know why I’m saying this, but you’re not that much to look at Beth. You have a very exaggerated view of yourself. I think your ego is out of control,” Flood replied. 
Thompson looked to Donner. “What do you think? Am I as ugly as Mike says I am?”
“I don’t think he’s saying your ugly, I think he’s saying you’re a bit self-absorbed,” Donner replied.  
“I didn’t ask you to interpret what the gay boy said, I asked if you think I’m ugly,” Thompson stated. 
“No, not at all,” Donner replied. 
“Do you think I’m better looking than Paige?”
Donner looked nervously at Paige and back to Thompson. “I’m not getting in the middle of that conversation.”
Thompson shook her head in disgust. She turned and looked back into the full length mirror and primped her hair on the sides. “My mother told me I could have been a model.”
“If we’re done discussing the bill, I’m leaving,” Flood said. 
Thompson slipped her hands around the buttons on her skirt and popped them open letting it fall to the floor. She stepped out of the skirt and turned to face the two men and one woman across the room. 
“What are you doing Beth?” Donner asked. 
Thompson pulled her blouse over her head and tossed it on the floor next to the mirror. She stood there in her underwear and heels and began to pose like a fashion model at a photo shoot. Donner looked to Flood and then to Paige trying to gauge their reactions. 
“Should we call a doctor?” Donner asked as Thompson continued to twist and turn, stopping for the occasional photo shot that only she could see in her mind. 
“You mean a shrink?” Flood asked. 
“Yeah, a psychiatrist,” Donner replied. 
“She’s not hurting anyone,” Paige replied. “Maybe we should wait and see if she snaps out of it.”
Thompson stopped her spinning and looked at the three across the room. “Snap out of what?” she asked. 
“Don’t you think its odd behavior to be dancing in your bra and panties in your office in front of your staff?” Donner asked. 
“It’s my office, if you don’t like the show, get the hell out,” Thompson replied. 
“I’m calling security,” Donner said and reached for his cell. 
“Don’t,” Flood said. “Last thing we need is bad publicity. I know someone who works at Washington DC Mental Health. Let me call.”
“Don’t bother,” Thompson said. She slinked over to Donner and moved in close to him pressing her breasts against his suit jacket. “I’ll be a good girl and put my clothes back on.”
Donner tried to step back but Thompson reached around him and pulled him in close. “Congresswoman, please stop what you’re doing,” Donner said. He was stunned at Beth’s behavior and had never seen it so obvious and blatant. 
“Congresswoman? That’s very formal of you to address me that way Travis,” Thompson said. “Don’t act like you don’t like this. I know how you men think. All you want is sex.”
“You’re acting like a stripper, have some respect for your office.”
“I bet you’d love it if me and Angie had a threesome with you.”
“Call the shrink,” Donner said to Flood. 
Thompson leaned in close and licked Donner on his ear only to be shoved back and knocked off balance and onto the carpet below. Her left heel fell off and she scrambled to retrieve it. As she stood up she noticed a pain in her left elbow and grabbed ahold of the spot where it hurt the most. “You asshole!” she screamed. “You fucking asshole, I hate you. You hear me! I hate you!” she screamed as tears ran down her face. She bent over holding her elbow close hobbling on the foot without a shoe. 
Flood rang the psych hospital and tried to call for help but was cut off before he could complete the call. Then a voice came over his cell stating, “You have made an unauthorized call and your phone is being monitored. Any further attempts to call the hospital will be met with the full security measures of the United States Capitol Police. Thank you Mr. Flood,” and the line went dead. 
Chapter 3
Grinders Café
Nine a.m. sharp Derek stepped inside the Grinders Café and looked around. He had never been to this coffee shop before and wasn’t familiar with the layout but quickly figured out where the counter was and headed over. The café looked like a knock off of Starbucks with a warmer color scheme and more plants. The smell of the coffee in the air made Derek crave his favorite Mocha latte espresso and for a moment considered ordering a venti size cup but then realized with his impending surgery he probably needed to have an empty stomach. 
He stepped past the locals who were sitting around the room reading off their laptops while sipping on different flavors of coffee. He never figured out why people would bring a laptop to a coffee shop to read and do work. Wasn’t Wi-Fi available about everywhere nowadays? Derek stopped at the counter and waited in line behind a twenty something male college student who was reading off the menu. The clerk was also a twenty something female college student dressed in her orange cream colored apron and visor. Only she had no hair on her head except for around her ears and neck. And the hair around her neck was thin and scraggly, as if she had been pulling them out. She tapped her pen on the counter in a manic fashion, like a drummer hitting sixteenth notes on his hi hat while staring at the customer. The customer tried to ignore the woman and concentrate on the menu behind her. 
“Can I get an extra shot of espresso with the cappuccino?” the student asked. 
“Cappuccino already has two shots of espresso,” the clerk replied. She spoke so fast the student didn’t understand what she said. 
“Excuse me?” 
“I said the cappuccino has two shots already, three will be too much, way too much.”
“I prefer my cappuccino with three shots, but if that’s a problem…”
“No, no, it’s not a problem,” the clerk fired off. “I can do whatever you want, I just wanted to make sure you didn’t overdose on caffeine. I had a friend that ended up in the hospital with caffeine induced tremors. He had to have a transfusion, two liters of type O blood. I just don’t want you to end up like him, that’s all,” the clerk said in a manic tone. She twisted the remaining hairs on her neck as she spoke. 
“Is there an extra charge for the espresso?” 
“Yes, seventy five cents,” the clerk replied. “Is that a problem? Because I can talk to the manager for you and maybe she will let you have it for free. It all depends you know. We are all about customer service.”
“Seventy five cents is fine,” the student replied. “He spoke extra slow to make up the difference.”
The clerk disappeared behind the counter and rushed around getting the drink ready. Derek could hear her dropping glasses and mumbling to herself as she filled the glass. 
“Do you want cream on top?” the clerk asked as she ran back to the register.
“Yes please.”
The clerk ran back and finished the drink and handed it to the student. “That will be five fifty,” she stated and held out her hand. The student instead swiped his debit card on the card reader and paid for his drink that way. 
“Thank you very much and have a nice day,” the clerk said. She was almost intelligible. 
Derek approached the counter and tried to remember exactly what Valentina told him to say. For the life of him he still couldn’t remember and instead asked for a coffee and a roll. The clerk went over most of the menu with Derek in a rapid fashion trying to find out exactly what he wanted. He settled on a Café Americano and a sweet roll. He then remembered to ask the clerk if she liked coffee. 
“I like mine with whipped cream,” the clerk replied. 
“Whip it good,” Derek replied with a wink.  
The clerk winked back and motioned for Derek to step around the counter. She pointed to a door down the hall next to the bathrooms and told him to go down the stairs where someone would meet him. She seemed less manic for a moment and returned to the counter leaving Derek to find his way to his appointment. 

The stairs down to the basement weren’t well lit but he was able to traverse the steps and find his destination without issue. He stood in the dark hall for a moment hearing faint footsteps coming towards him from the hall on his right. As the steps grew louder, Derek could make out the shape of a female wearing a white lab coat. She had long brown hair, thick brown rimmed glasses and wore a stethoscope around her neck. “You must be Derek,” the woman stated offering her hand to shake. She wore dark blue latex gloves. 
“Yes, I’m Derek,” he replied. “Valentina sent me.”
“Very good, let’s get started, this shouldn’t take long,” the woman replied. “My name is Dr. Winslow, I will be performing your procedure today. Did Valentina tell you what we were going to do?”
“Yes, she said you were going to implant a radio receiver in my brain.”
“That is correct, the receiver is about the size of a pencil lead and is about a centimeter long. You won’t feel it once it’s implanted,” Dr. Winslow said. “Whole procedure takes about a half hour---that is if there are no complications.”
“Complications?” Derek asked. 
“Oh you know, the normal things that can come up with any surgical procedure.”
“Like what?” Derek asked. He was getting nervous. 
“Bleeding, perforation of the artery, blood clots, things like that,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“How often do those things happen?”
“One in a hundred--- maybe.”
“Those don’t sound like good odds,” Derek replied. His breathing rate increased and his palms began to sweat. 
“Are you backing out?” Dr. Winslow asked. “People are depending on you.”
“I, I know,” Derek replied. 
“Follow me,” Dr. Winslow said and led Derek back down the hall into an office that joined the surgical suite. “Have a seat, I need to do a quick pre op physical.”
Derek sat down and watched the doctor grab a blood pressure cuff from the wall. “Don’t you have nurses to do this kind of thing?”
“I have two nurses, both are upstairs serving coffee right now. They will come down when we start the procedure.”
“You mean that crazy woman with no hair? She’s a nurse?” Derek asked in a panic. 
“No, she’s the anesthesiologist. And a very good one at that.”
“Holy fuck, you can’t let her work on me. She’s nuts. Did you see her hair?”
“She has Trichotillomania. She’s not nuts. I’m treating her and she’s doing fine.”
“You call that fine? She’ll have me gassed before I’m on the table!”
“You’re being a bit paranoid mister. Take a deep breath and calm down. Nobody is out to get you.”
“What the fuck is Trichotillomania anyway?” Derek asked. 
“It is a mental disorder that involves recurrent, irresistible urges to pull out hair from your scalp, eyebrows or other areas of your body, despite trying to stop.”
“You mean like her pubes?”
“That’s possible,” Dr. Winslow replied. “I’m not sure if she does or not. That’s not important.”
“What causes it? Did she eat lead paint as a baby?” Derek asked. 
“It’s an anxiety disorder,” Dr. Winslow replied. “There is no one event that sets off the disorder. It is treated with anti-anxiety medications.”
“Xanax?”
“Yes, that is one of many, I can’t tell you what she is prescribed, that is doctor patient privilege.”
Derek sat and thought for a moment. He looked at his feet and then back up at the medical posters on the wall. “Why are there posters on the wall? Is this your clinic?”
“No, this is a secret Russian medical facility.”
“Why would you hang posters in a secret Russian medical facility?”
“It makes patients feel more comfortable. So it doesn’t seem so industrial,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“Ok, I get it, take my blood pressure and let’s get going.”
Dr. Winslow wrapped the cuff around Derek’s upper right arm and pressed the start button. The cuff filled and then released leaving a reading on the monitor of one eighty over one ten. “You need to calm down mister or you’re going to have an aneurism.”
“Aneurism? What the fuck is that?” Derek asked in a panic. 
“It’s when your blood vessel breaks open and allows blood to spill. If you have it in your brain you can have a stroke,” Dr. Winslow replied. “Maybe I should give you a Xanax.”
“I don’t want drugs,” Derek replied. “They can make you do things…”
“Xanax just calms you down.”
“It’s bad enough you have some psycho bald chick putting me under, I don’t need more drugs in my system. I want to be as coherent as possible. Is there any way you can do the surgery with me awake?”
“You mean a local?” Dr. Winslow asked. “Well, I suppose that’s possible.
“Good, leave baldy out. I want to be awake when you cut me open.”
“I’ll see what I can do, let me finish the pre op physical first.” Dr. Winslow had Derek lay on the exam table and poked around on his belly. She was feeling for any unusual lumps and to see if he had any areas that caused pain. “I’ll need an x-ray and then we can proceed. Stay on the table and don’t move, I’ll step out into the hall and take the pictures.”
“Don’t I need a lead vest?” Derek asked. 
“No, I’m doing a full body radiological exam. Just sit tight and breathe very slowly.”
Dr. Winslow stepped out of the room leaving Derek staring at the ceiling. He was nervous but the slow breathing calmed him down. Then he heard a bang followed by three more bangs and a snapping sound which startled him and sent him into a worse panic. Dr. Winslow stepped back into the room and poked on a monitor attached to the wall. 
“What was that noise?” Derek asked. “Scared the fuck out of me.”
“That was the MRI scan. Doesn’t usually make that noise, I think there is a magnet loose or something.”
“Or something?” Derek asked. 
Dr. Winslow pointed to the screen as an image of Derek’s insides displayed on the monitor. She took a long look and rubbed her chin. She seemed a bit concerned but wasn’t saying anything out loud. Then she tapped a few keys and a more magnified image appeared, this time of his abdomen. The doctor traced the image of Derek’s intestines as they curved up, over and down and scratched her head. 
“What’s wrong?” Derek asked. 
“I’m pretty sure the ascending colon is on the right side, right?” she asked. 
“Are you asking me?” 
“No, I’m thinking out loud,” Dr. Winslow replied. “Yes, I’m sure the ascending colon is on the right.”
“Great, so what’s the problem?”
“Yours is on the left,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“What? That makes no sense.”
“There’s a name for this…I can’t remember,” Dr. Winslow said. She picked her phone out of her pocket and checked Google for an answer. She found the Wikipedia page and found what she was looking for. “It’s called Situs inversus. Says here it is a congenital condition in which the major visceral organs are reversed or mirrored from their normal positions. Only occurs in about 1 person in 100,000.”
“Is that a problem?”
“I don’t know, have you ever had an issue with it before?”
“I didn’t know I had it,” Derek replied. “Will it affect the surgery?”
“Maybe, it would put everything we do on the wrong side. I’d be happy if we could reverse the condition first.”
“Reverse? How? Cut out my innards and flip them over?” Derek asked. 
“No, that wouldn’t work. We can’t simply ‘flip them over’ as you say. We’d need a whole new set of innards to replace yours.”
Derek was stunned. “Is that even possible? How would you do that?”
“We’d need a donor obviously, about your size with the same blood type,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“And where do you get a donor? Would you swap my organs for theirs?”
“No, your organs would be no good for anyone else. It’s a miracle you’ve survived as long as you have. Nobody would want you’re screwed up backwards guts.”
“So that would mean…”
“Yes, we’d need a cadaver. A recently deceased person.”
“And where do you get those?” Derek asked. 
“Black market usually. I would have to contact Valentina and put out a call for a donor.”
“I thought you said…”
“I just prefer to use the term ‘donor’, you know what I mean.” 
“I didn’t sign up for no transplant. I said I’d let you put a radio receiver in my head, that’s it. There must be another way to do it.”
“There is, but it would require cutting a hole in your skull the size of a golf ball,” Dr. Winslow replied. “And there is a much longer recovery time. With the femoral artery catheter insertion, the recovery time would be a week, cranial surgery would be months.” 
“Wouldn’t a gut transplant take just as long, if not longer to heal?” Derek asked. 
“Yes, but it would still give a better result than a transcranial insertion. I still think an abdominal transplant is the best option at this point.”
“It could take forever to find a donor,” Derek said. 
“I’m sure Valentina can get me one in a day. She’s very good at what she does.”
Chapter 4
Three months later
Representative Beth Thompson’s bill H.R. 3987.1 died on the first vote four hundred and thirty four to one; she cast the only yes vote to rescind the second amendment. But that didn’t make her any less dangerous to the Russian government and operation ‘Assassinate Beth Thompson,’ was still a priority to Vladimir and his cronies. 
Derek Olsen returned to his job, taking care of his obese diseased mother after the operation that implanted a new set of abdominal organs inside his gut. His wound was almost healed, the sutures removed and the bandages no longer needed. As soon as the doctor decided he was ready, the second operation would be scheduled to implant the radio receiver into his brain via his femoral artery. Now that his insides were on the correct side, the procedure could go on. Only there was a new problem. Or problems to be more correct. He had developed a condition in his gut that caused him abdominal pain, severe diarrhea, fatigue, weight loss and malnutrition. A quick trip to his general practitioner diagnosed the problem as Crohn's disease. 
His physician questioned the surgery but Derek refused to disclose what procedure he had or how or when it occurred. But now he knew what was causing his problems. And they were many. He had constant diarrhea, his belly hurt and he was losing a pound a week. And now he was down to one eighty five from two ten. He didn’t have the condition prior to the transplant surgery so he was convinced the other organs were infected prior to the transplant surgery. So he decided to sue Dr. Shantel Winslow for malpractice. 

After a quick internet search, Derek decided to call upon a lawyer who specialized in medical malpractice suits. He made sure his mother was bathed, fed, happily watching Wheel of Fortune and drove down to the law office of Mick Johnson Esq. Upon entering the lawyer’s office, Derek was struck by how unkempt it was. It wasn’t the office of a busy lawyer with law books lying about and important legal papers strewn across the desk. It was the kind of mess you find in a teenagers bedroom. There were clothes on the floor, food containers on the desk and the lawyer himself sitting at his desk dressed in a Hawaiian shirt with his feet up relaxing looking at his phone. 
“Can I help you,” Johnson asked. He didn’t look away from his phone. 
“I have a case, you’re the malpractice lawyer right?” Derek asked. 
“Yes I am,” Johnson replied. He was a short man, with male pattern baldness, a salt and pepper Van Dyke and a pony tail. Next to him on the floor set a pair of bongos and an acoustic guitar propped up against an amplifier. 
“You’re a musician?” Derek asked. 
“I play a little,” Johnson replied. He set his phone on the desk and put his feet on the floor. “What sort of case do you have?” Johnson asked. 
“How much will you cost me?”
“I work on a fee basis,” Johnson replied. “That is if I decide to take the case.”
“Oh it’s a good one. That idiot doctor put the wrong guts in me, and now I shit constantly,” Derek replied. 
“You had some bowel work done?”
“Sorta,” Derek replied. “I had my entire guts removed and new ones put in.”
Johnson paused for a moment to let that sink in. “I’ve never heard of such an operation. What did they all replace?”
“My heart, lungs, liver and my intestines,” Derek replied. 
“Who did the surgery?”
“Dr. Shantel Winslow,” Derek replied. 
“What hospital was the surgery performed at?”
“Wasn’t a hospital, it was done in a secret medical facility under the coffee shop,” Derek replied. 
“Uh huh,” Johnson replied. “What was your diagnosis prior to surgery?”
Derek fished a sheet of paper out of his pocket and read aloud, “Situs inversus.”
Johnson picked up his phone and looked up the diagnosis. He read for a while and set the phone back down. “And you claim after the surgery you have some sort of bowel disorder?”
“I shit constantly, my belly hurts like hell and I keep losing weight.”
“Do you have contact information for this Dr. Winslow?”
“No, but I can take you to her lab.”
“Her lab? That sounds like something out of a horror movie,” Johnson replied. 
“Oh, it’s worse than a horror movie. One of the nurses ate her own hair, I know, I saw it. She was going to let that crazy bitch put me under but I told her no fucking way.”
“I see,” Johnson said. He wasn’t sure that this guy wasn’t bat shit crazy. “Let me make a few phone calls and see if I can’t track down the license for this doctor.”
“You won’t find her on your computer. She’s Russian.”
“And how do you know that?”
“Valentina hooked me up with her. And Valentina is a Russian spy.”
Johnson leaned over and picked up the guitar and found a pick lying on his desk. He put his feet back up on his desk and plucked on the low E string a few times. “Look, I don’t take on clients who are fucking nuts and from what I can tell, you top the meter on fucking nuts.” 
“Fucking nuts you say?” Derek snapped back. He pulled up his shirt and showed Johnson the huge smiley face scar that ran from one nipple, down to his belt line, over to the other side and back up to the other nipple. “I think that proves I’m not lying!”
“Holy shit,” Johnson replied. He set the guitar on his desk, stood up and walked over to Derek. He leaned over and studied the scar noticing all the removed suture scars. “Ok fine, maybe you were damaged, but if this doctor isn’t licensed in the United States, you’re probably out of luck. The best you could do would be a criminal case and I don’t do criminal law.”
“You’re shitting me!” Derek barked. 
“Unless you can find her and we can locate a valid medical license, you’re on your own.”
Derek pulled down his shirt and hung his head in despair. His only chance at getting back at the butcher who caused his so much pain was now gone. 
“You can cry outside, I’m not giving you a hug,” Johnson said. 
“What a prick,” Derek replied. 
“If you want compassion, go cry to your momma. I’m in the litigation business, not a nurse.”
“Is that how you treat all your clients?”
“Not the ones with actual cases, just the ones who waste my time.”
“You were playing with your phone when I came in.”
“Yeah, I was,” Johnson said. “Don’t let the door hit you on the ass on your way out.”
Derek stared at Johnson waiting for an apology. 
Johnson stared back like he didn’t have a care in the world. 
“I’ll find her, and when I do I’ll take my case to a lawyer that gives a shit.”
“And you’ll lose your ass. I’m the best of the best and everyone knows it.”
“Maybe you think you are…”
“I get ten bozo’s like you a day looking for your medical malpractice jackpot. Nine out of ten of you don’t have a case and the one that does has no idea what it’s like to win. I only take cases I know I’ll win and so far yours looks like a joke.” Johnson said as he turned back and walked to his desk. He tapped on his computer, brought up the license registry and typed in Dr. Shantel Winslow’s name. To his amazement two names popped up. “I got something” Johnson said. “This might be your lucky day.”
Derek stood next to Johnson who was clicking on the first hit. To his amazement, the photo of the woman who did his surgery appeared on the screen with her license number and home address. “That’s her, that’s the bitch who cut me.”
“At least now we’re getting somewhere,” Johnson replied. “First thing we need to do is have you seen by one of my doctors.”
“I’ve already been seen…”
“No, sorry. I don’t know your doctor and I only use the one’s I’ve worked with before and trust. I’ll make you an appointment while I look into this doctor’s history. Maybe she has a past I can exploit.” Johnson’s face lit up like a kid at Christmas. He loved to rip apart the careers of medical professionals who spent years studying, working long hours and honing their crafts. They were like snakes he could squash with his heels and grind into the pavement. And take to the bank. 

Derek drove home and entered his apartment. He was stunned to find Valentina the Russian spy sitting on his couch, this time without her eight inch black telescopic cigarette holder and black dress. In fact, she looked a lot different than the last time he saw her. She had gained around forty pounds and was dressed in sweat pants and a pull over shirt. She seemed restless as she picked at her clothes trying to cover up any exposed skin. 
“What are you doing here?” Derek asked. “Did Momma let you in?”
“Yes, she did,” Valentina replied. “I came to check up on you. You haven’t completed the mission yet. Beth Thompson is still much alive.” 
“Yeah, about that. There was a snag in the plan. The fucking doctor you sent me to made me sick.”
“What are you talking about?”
Derek lifted his shirt and showed Valentina the surgical scars. “After the surgery, I shit ten times a day. I had to stop at a gas station on the way over here to use the bathroom.”
“That is so---so sad to hear. But you must complete your mission as planned.”
“What do you expect me to do? Shit her to death? I’m suing that quack as soon as my lawyer locates her.”
“What do you mean ‘sue’ her? You can’t take her to court. I’ll be found out!”
“Maybe I should sue you as well,” Derek replied. 
Valentina gasped. “But your guns, don’t forget she wants your guns!”
“That bill didn’t pass, not by a long shot. And what happened to you? Why are you so fat?”
Silence. 
“I stopped smoking,” Valentina replied. “It has been hard on me. And how dare you call a woman fat. Shame on you.”
“You used to be hot, now you look like a pile of dough.”
“Don’t be rude!” Valentina snapped. “I’m trying to better myself.”
“If I were you I’d stop at the gas station and pick up a pack of smokes. You might be burning up on the inside, but at least you won’t look like a cow on the outside.”
Valentina took a deep breath and sighed. “So that is it? You won’t complete the mission?” she asked. 
“Not until someone actually comes to my door and tries to take away my guns. As it is right now you’ve made me a Russian operative by default. Fuck, I could go to prison.”
“Yes, you are correct, you could,” Valentina stated as fact. “Maybe you should kill the Congress woman as you agreed in the first place.”
“Are you threatening to turn me in? I’m no spy!” Derek yelled. 
“What’s going on in there?” Momma yelled from her bedroom. 
“Nothing Momma, I’m just having a conversation with Valentina.”
“Can you keep it down? I’m trying to watch my programs.”
“Yes Momma, we’ll keep it down,” Derek replied. “If you try to turn me in for being a traitor, I’ll turn you in as well you fat pig.”
“Ha, you call me a fat pig! You are so funny. At least I don’t shit ten times a day and have a nasty ass smiley face scar on my belly!” 
“Derek!” Momma yelled. 
“Sorry Momma,” Derek replied. He then whispered to Valentina, “Get out of my apartment. Turn me in if you want, you have no proof I did anything. And I am suing that woman you call a doctor, and you will end up in prison.”
“Do you know what they do to traitors in America?” Valentina asked with a grin. 
“No, and neither do you. Now please leave before I call the police.”
Valentina rolled over on her side and used the arm rest of the couch to stand. She was like a penguin and waddled like one too. “Don’t fuck with me, you won’t like what happens,” she said jabbing Derek in the chest with her chubby finger. 
“The one good thing about you quitting smoking is you don’t stink like a chimney anymore.” 
“Go fuck yourself,” Valentina said and waddled out the door into the hall. “Nobody else will,” she added. 
Chapter 5
Trial
“Please rise,” the bailiff stated.  “The Court of the Second Judicial Circuit, is now in session, the Honorable Judge John Moran presiding,” Everyone in the gallery stood up as the judge stepped out of his chambers, up the steps to his desk and sat down. Normally a medical malpractice case like this was tried as a tort but because of the gross negligence involved it was also being tried as a criminal case.
“Everyone but the jury may be seated,” the judge said.  “Mr. Znamenacek, please swear in the jury.”
  “Please raise your right hand. Do you solemnly swear or affirm that you will truly listen to this case and render a true verdict and a fair sentence as to this defendant?” the bailiff asked.  
 “I do”, the jury stated as a whole. 
 “You may be seated.”
“Members of the jury, your duty today will be to determine whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty based only on facts and evidence provided in this case. The prosecution has the burden of proving the guilt of the defendant beyond a reasonable doubt. This burden remains on the prosecution through the trial. The prosecution must prove that a crime was committed and that the defendant is the person who committed the crime. However, if you are not satisfied of the defendant’s guilt to that extent, then reasonable doubt exists and the defendant must be found not guilty. Mr. Znamenacek, what is today’s case?” the judge asked. 
“Your Honor, today’s case is Derek Olsen, the injured party versus Dr. Shantel Winslow for undue harm, gross negligence, practicing below the standards of medical care and medical malpractice.”
The judge asked, “Is the prosecution ready?”
 Mick Johnson, the prosecution attorney stood up and replied “Yes your honor.”
“Be seated,” the judge said. “Is the defense ready” the judge asked. 
Clayton Brandt, the defense attorney stood up and replied” Yes your honor.”
“Be seated. The prosecution may begin with opening statements.”
“Thank you your honor,” Johnson said. “I’ll make this short because I can prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that Dr. Shantel Winslow was not only unqualified to perform invasive surgery on my client, but was reckless and careless with her procedure, and care. I will show that the doctor performed below the standards of medical practice. That is all.” Johnson sat down and waited for the judge to speak. 
“Defense, you may make your opening statement,” the judge said. 
“Your honor, I will demonstrate that my client had nothing to do with the injuries allegedly inflicted upon Mr. Olsen and that he knew of the dangers of invasive surgery and agreed to allow my client to perform all while informed of the risks. That is all your honor.”
“Prosecution, you may call your first witness,” the judge said. 
Johnson stood up and said, “I call Dr. Shantel Winslow to the witness stand.”
Dr. Winslow stood and walked from the defense table to the witness stand. She stepped up onto the raised platform and sat down in her seat. 
“Will the witness please stand to be sworn in by the bailiff,” the judge asked and Dr. Winslow complied. 
“Please raise your right hand,” the bailiff said.  “Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?”
“I do,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“You may sit down.”
Johnson stood up and stepped around the prosecution table and walked over to the witness stand.  “For the record Dr. Winslow, will you tell the jury where you obtained your medical training?”
“The University of Limpopo.”
“And what country is University of Limpopo located?”
“Africa,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“Is that where you received your surgical training?”
“Yes.”
“Where did you complete your residency?”
“St. George’s University in Grenada,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“How many years have you been a practicing surgeon?”
“I received my medical license in nineteen eighty three.”
Johnson stepped back to his table and read from his notes. He then looked up at Dr. Winslow and asked. “How many surgeries do you think you’ve performed since then?” he asked. 
“Objection,” Brandt stated from the defense table. “Irrelevant.”
“I do think the jury should know how experienced the doctor is in her field of expertise,” Johnson replied. 
“There is no way she can recall how many surgeries she’s performed in thirty some odd years of practice.”
“Sustained,” the judge stated. “You may ask a different question.”
“Would you say you’ve performed over, let’s say? A hundred surgeries since you became a doctor?”
“Objection. Speculative,” Brandt stated. 
“Sustained.”
Frustrated, Johnson asked the witness, “Are you indeed a surgeon Dr. Winslow?”
“Yes,” the doctor replied. 
“What types of surgeries have you performed?”
“Objection, Ambiguous.”
“Sustained,” the judge stated. 
“Let me be more specific then. Have you, at any time in your career performed a surgery for the medical condition Situs inversus?”
Dr. Winslow looked to her lawyer hoping he’d call for an objection but he didn’t. 
“Did you understand the question Dr. Winslow?” Johnson asked. 
“Just the one time,” she replied. 
“So, you are telling the court that the first time you ever performed the incredibly complicated invasive surgery for Situs inversus was when you first performed it on my client?”
Pause. 
“Yes,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“Did you observe such an operation at medical school during your training?”
“No.”
“What made you think you were qualified to perform surgery for this condition?”
“Objection, calls for a conclusion,” Brandt stated. 
“Sustained.”
“It was within my scope of practice,” Dr. Winslow replied to her lawyers shock. He told her never to volunteer information on the stand. 
“I see,” Johnson replied. He now knew she was vulnerable on the stand if he prodded her. “And where did you perform this surgery on my client?”
“In my office.”
“Do you mean like an outpatient procedure, or do you have a surgical suite at your location?”
“I have my own facilities.”
“Is your facility licensed for surgical procedures?”
Dr. Winslow was quiet. 
“You’re honor, will you please instruct the witness to answer?”
“Please answer the question,” the judge stated looking over at the witness. 
“No,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“In fact, is it true that your surgical suite is nothing more than an empty store room in the basement of the Grinders Café coffee shop?”
“Yes,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“So you are testifying that you run an unlicensed surgical center in an empty store room in the basement of a coffee shop?’
“Yes.”
“Who assisted you?”
“I have two nurses.”
“Did you use a heart lung machine during the procedure?”
“Yes, I had to transplant both lungs and his heart as well as his other internal organs.”
“Who ran the machine?”
“One of the nurses.”
“Was she qualified to run such a complicated medical device?”
“He lived, I guess so,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
Johnson was taken aback by Dr. Winslow’s quick snarky reply. “Yes he did.” Johnson replied and rubbed his chin trying to think of a way to trip the doctor up. But he already had so much damaging evidence which she corroborated  that he didn’t know if he needed to slam her down more or not. He figured at this point he could end his case and win hands down. But no, the psychopath in him wanted more. 
“Is it true you were employed by a secret Russian spy?”
Brandt stood up and called for an objection. “Objection your honor, he is leading the witness.”
“Let me rephrase,” Johnson stated. “Dr. Winslow, who employed you do perform surgery on my client?”
“Your client requested the surgery,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
Derek stood up and yelled, “She’s lying! I…”
“Direct your client to sit down or I’ll hold him in contempt,” the judge snapped. 
Derek sat down and fumed. His breathing was rapid and he scowled at the far wall making eye contact with no one. 
“Dr. Winslow, do you know a woman named Valentina Petrov?”
“Never heard the name before.”
Now Johnson was stuck, he knew Dr. Winslow was lying but he had no paper trail to prove it. Just the statement from his client. “Let me change topics for a moment. Where did you obtain the internal organs you transplanted into my client?”
Dr. Winslow didn’t answer. 
“You’re honor, may I treat the witness as hostile?”
“You may,” the judge replied. 
Johnson stepped over closer to Dr. Winslow. “Is it true that you obtained the internal organs you transplanted into my client on the black market? Is it true that Valentina Petrov was your contact?”
“Objection! Multiple questions,” Brandt barked. 
“Sustained, please ask one question at a time,” the judge instructed. 
“Alright, did you obtain the internal organs on the black market Dr. Winslow?”
“I don’t know where they came from. I know they were delivered to my office.”
“By whom?”
“I don’t recall, they didn’t give me a name.”
“Did you sign an invoice?”
“No.”
“Is that standard medical procedure?”
“No.”
“Did Valentina Petrov have anything to do with the transfer of the organs?”
“I told you I don’t know who that is,” Dr. Winslow replied as she looked past Johnson to the fat woman sitting towards the back of the gallery. The woman was Valentina Petrov, wearing dark sunglasses with her hair pulled back in a ponytail. 
“Were you aware the donor had the medical condition called Crohn's disease?”
“No,” the doctor replied. 
“Are you aware of what the effects of Crohn's disease has on the body?”
“Some,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“If I may your honor, I’d like to read from the Mayo clinic’s website and enter the information into evidence.”
“You may,” the judge said. 
“Crohn's disease is an inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). It causes inflammation of your digestive tract, which can lead to abdominal pain, severe diarrhea, fatigue, weight loss and malnutrition. Inflammation caused by Crohn's disease can involve different areas of the digestive tract in different people. The inflammation caused by Crohn's disease often spreads deep into the layers of affected bowel tissue. Crohn's disease can be both painful and debilitating, and sometimes may lead to life-threatening complications,” Johnson stated. He looked over to Dr. Winslow and asked, “Why didn’t you check to see if the organs were disease free before implanting them into my client?”
“I assumed they were healthy,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“Assumed? Is that what they teach you at the University of Limpopo, or in Grenada?”
“No,” Dr. Winslow replied. 
“Would another doctor in a similar situation check on the condition of the transplanted organs prior to surgery?”
“Normally---no. The donor is usually checked before the organs are harvested. And the lab will do blood tests.”
“But you testified you were not aware of where the organs were obtained. Is that your testimony?”
“Yes.”
“So where are your checks and balances? Where is your quality control?”
“I don’t have an answer for that,” Dr. Winslow replied. She was stiff, frustrated and pissed. 
“Did you intend to harm my client?”
“No.”
“Who paid you for the procedure?”
“No one, I haven’t been paid.”
“Do you work for charity?”
“Not usually.”
“What was my client’s condition that you felt he required a transplant at that time?”
Silence. 
“Wasn’t he actually very healthy at the time?”
“He was.”
“Then explain to the jury why you suggested the surgery.”
“I didn’t, he requested it.”
“Now you’re blaming my client for your lack of standards of care?”
“Objection---Argumentative,” Brandt stated. 
“Over ruled,” the judge replied. “The doctor may answer.”
“I’m not blaming, I’m simply stating as fact he came to me and requested the surgery.”
“Is my client a medical expert?”
“I don’t know his background.”
“If he was reasonably healthy, why would he request a transplant?”
“You’ll have to ask him.”
“Didn’t you discuss the surgery prior to the event?”
“Of course, all doctors discuss the potential hazards in advance.”
“And during this course of conversation, at no time did my client tell you why he wanted someone else’s internal organs transplanted into him?”
Dr. Winslow hesitated. She replied, “I don’t recall.”
“You don’t recall,” Johnson restated. “Did you at any time advise my client to not have the procedure?”
“I don’t recall.”
“No further questions your honor,” Johnson stated. 
“Defense, your witness,” the judge stated. 
“I have no questions your honor,” Brandt stated. 
“Do you have any further witnesses?” 
“No your honor,” Johnson stated. He didn’t want to call his client to the stand and open a can of worms the defense could use against him. He had the chance to question his client on cross after the defense called him. 
“Mr. Brandt, you may call your first witness,” the judge stated. 
“I call Derek Olsen to the stand,” Brandt stated. 
Derek stood up and walked over to the witness stand, he was sworn in and sat down. 
“Mr. Olsen, will you for the court, state you age and occupation?”
“I’m thirty two years old and I work for the state taking care of my mother.”
“You are her full time care taker?”
“That is correct.”
“How long have you been taking care of your mother?”
“Oh, since the diabetes took the toes on her right foot.”
“How do you know my client?”
“You mean the butcher that gave me Crohn’s?” 
“Your honor, will you please direct the witness to answer the questions directly?”
“You gave him an open ended question, I’ll allow his answer to stand,” the judge replied. 
“Is it a fact that you came to my client’s office requesting transplant surgery?”
“No, I came to have a radio receiver implanted into my brain,” Derek replied. “She told me I…”
“A simple yes or no will suffice,” Brandt stated. 
“But…”
“Your honor…” Brandt stated to the judge.
The judge looked over to Derek and explained to him that he was to answer the questions directly unless asked to do otherwise. Derek hung his head like a scolded puppy. 
“Now, did you come to my client’s office and request transplant surgery?”
“No,” Derek replied. He was stoic in his delivery. 
“Without telling me what type, did you come to her office and request surgery?”
“I suppose,” Derek replied. 
“Did she discuss the complications that could arise from surgery with you before the procedure?”
“I don’t remember.”
“Did you sign a consent form prior to surgery?”
“I don’t think so,” Derek replied. 
Brandt held up a sheet of paper so Derek could see what was written on the front. “Do you recognize this form Mr. Olsen?” Brandt asked. 
“No,” Derek replied. 
“Is this your signature at the bottom?”
Derek leaned in close and Brandt held it closer to his eyes. “No, that’s not my signature.”
“My client is willing to testify that you signed this in her office.”
“So?”
“Are you sure this isn’t your signature?” 
“Objection---asked and answered,” Johnson called from his table. 
“Sustained,” the judge replied. 
“I would like to enter this consent form into evidence your honor,” Brandt said and handed the paper to the bailiff. 
“So entered,” the judge stated. 
“I contend you were informed of the dangers associated with invasive surgery and that you did in fact---sign the consent form. I contend that you are solely responsible for the outcome of your procedure, not my client. I rest my case your honor,” Brandt stated. 
“Your witness,” the judge said to Johnson. 
Johnson stood and walked over to his client who was eagerly waiting his turn to tell his side of the story. “Can you describe what you witnessed during the procedure?”
“Yes, I requested no anesthesia so they used a local so I could stay awake.”
“So you were alert when the procedure was being performed?” Johnson asked. He already knew the answer, all good lawyers did before they asked the question. But Johnson wasn’t ready for the answer he received from his next question. 
“Who were present during the surgery?”
“There was Dr. Winslow, two nurses and Jesus.”
Johnson wasn’t sure of what he heard. “And who?”
“Jesus, he was guiding her hand,” Derek replied. 
“Was there another doctor present named Jesus?” Johnson asked. He started to sweat. 
“No, it was Jesus Christ. He was wearing his white robe, had long hair and a beard. He had one hand on the doctor’s back and was telling her what to do and pointing out the places to cut.”
Johnson knew he was fucked. “Was Jesus wearing a mask? Or scrubs over his robes?” Johnson asked trying to repair the damage. 
“No, just the robe.”
“Did you see him scrub in?”
“Jesus doesn’t need to wash his hands. He’s the son of God.”
Johnson swallowed hard and looked away from the jury. “No further questions your honor,” Johnson stated and hobbled back to his table. 
“Does the defense have any questions on redirect?” the judge asked. 
Brandt practically leaped out of his chair and scurried over to the witness stand. “Mr. Olsen, were there angels in the room as well?”
“No, just Jesus.”
“How do you know it was Jesus? Was he wearing a name tag?”
“No, everyone knows what Jesus looks like.”
“Did you talk to him?”
“Yeah, I asked him how my father was doing in heaven.”
“And what did Jesus say?”
By this time Johnson had given up and the thought of objecting to anything was a lost cause. He sat back and watched his opponent destroy his case. 
“Jesus told me my father was happy and was watching down on me and Momma from heaven.”
“Did you think it was odd that Jesus was there?”
“No, Jesus always helps when you pray.”
“So you prayed before the surgery?”
“Not a long prayer, but yes, I asked for him to watch over me.”
“How long after that did he show up?”
“Not long.”
“Did he walk into the room?”
“No, he just appeared. He’s a spirit, he doesn’t have to walk. Don’t you go to church?”
“Did Jesus converse with my client?”
“He may have, I don’t remember. Most of the time he pointed to parts of my innards.”
“Did he hand any of the instruments to the doctor?”
“No, there was a nurse there to do that.”
“How long was Jesus there?”
“I think he was there till the doctor sewed me back up. Then he smiled at me and faded away.”
Brandt was satisfied the jury would side with him and his client and tried his best not to crack a smile. “The defense rests your honor.”
Chapter 6
Omega 835 
“Wake up!” Lawrence yelled. He was trying to snap Derek back to reality but it wasn’t working. 
“You can’t orient him back to reality by yelling at him, he isn’t sleeping, he’s having a delusion induced seizure,” Josh Peterson stated as a matter of fact. Josh was full human, and the lab/med tech and nurse for space station Omega 835; one of the twenty four humans aboard the craft that circumnavigated the Earth at 36,000 kilometers in geosynchronous orbit over the southern United States. 
“He’s talking like he’s on trial again. I get so annoyed when he does that.” Lawrence replied. Half man half gorilla, Lawrence topped five foot nine, tall for a gorilla but a decent size for a human. He stood upright, more like a man than ape; a product of gene splicing and genetic engineering. All the great apes genes had been combined with the DNA of humans over the years in order to develop primates with the best traits of both.  He wore clothes like his human counterparts, was educated and developed a culture similar to that of humans. “Give him a shot and shut him up.”
“I don’t have any antipsychotic medications on board, you know that,” Josh replied. He and Lawrence were on duty in the medical compartment of the station when Derek was found at his work station babbling incoherently about being on a trial just before slipping into a grand mal seizure. 
“Can’t you replicate something?”
“No,” Josh replied. Lawrence was a lab tech like Josh but worked more with disease diagnosis whereas Josh worked with blood typing/matching and medication administration. He had the unfortunate job of being the station’s unofficial pharmacist. 
“Can you at least give him some Valium? That might calm him down,” Lawrence asked. 
“Not without a doctor’s order,” Josh replied. “And that could take hours.”
There was no human medical doctor on board the space station at the time so Josh would have to get an order from one of the doctors working at the control center on Earth. He wasn’t allowed to hand out medications at will like Lawrence requested. The only medical officer on board was an orangutan who didn’t have authorization to prescribe medications to humans. 
Lawrence stepped over to the exam table where Derek was strapped down. He had been having seizures related to his diagnosis of Schizophrenia and administered sixty milligrams phenobarbital I.V. ---In between convulsions he had been babbling about being on trial and seeing Jesus in an operating room but nobody knew what he was talking about. Somehow the shock of being transported into space set off schizophrenic tendencies buried deep inside that no one knew he had. For hours at a time Derek would have delusions as real as anything he had experienced in real life and then gradually recover. Only now he was slower to convalesce and Josh feared he would one day stay locked in one of his psychotic episodes. 
“What we need is some Haldol, or some Seroquel,” Lawrence stated. 
“Since when are you an expert on anti-psychotic medication? I didn’t know they taught that in ape school.”
“You better be joking,” Lawrence said. He grit his teeth by habit, or was it instinct?
Josh tended to forget how sensitive Lawrence became when he spoke about his kind, even in jest. “I’m joking---alright?” Josh added. “What are you? Autistic?”
“I don’t find your humor funny,” Lawrence said. He was flat in tone and focused on each syllable. 
“Like I said, I have the basics up here. They weren’t anticipating any schizophrenics slipping past the psych evaluation.”
“Why don’t they blow him out the air lock, get rid of him?”
“Because we don’t do that to people,” Josh replied. “Would you want me to do that to you?”
Lawrence looked down at Derek who was strapped to the table and foaming at the mouth. “Yes,” he replied and shook his head. “The last time he had a seizure he was out for half the day.”
“Probably won’t be much better this time either.”
“Can’t you make a request on the next supply ship to send up some drugs for him? Or send him back to Earth?”
“Supply ships are unmanned,” Josh said. “I meant they are autonomous. Josh let the word ‘man’ slip by. He forgot how much Lawrence disliked the term used when he meant everyone. Gorillas included. “You know that.”
“You can still ask for some medication to treat his delusions. He may become so unstable he jeopardizes our mission.”
“If he gets out of control you have permission to put him in the brig.”
“If he gets out of control, I’ll snap his neck,” Lawrence replied. 
For six and a half years the space station Omega 835 hovered over the lower United States keeping watch over any conflict that could arise between the United States and its many enemies.  The space station was fully loaded with high altitude nuclear bombs that could rain down terror and destruction from above onto any enemy target at any time. The ship was crewed by twenty four humans, twenty two gorilla hybrids, six chimpanzee hybrids and two orangutan hybrids, all specially trained by the U.S. military to conduct war from space. 
“Why don’t you do Derek a favor and wipe that shit off his mouth?” Josh asked. 
“I’m not his nurse,” Lawrence replied. 
“No, I guess not.”
“What are you getting at?”
“You don’t seem to have a very compassionate temperament,” Josh replied. “I guess that’s not a trait found in most gorillas.”
“Gorillas are very kind. We just don’t like to wipe off disgusting human saliva.”
“I don’t really enjoy it much myself if you must know. But we have to do what we have to do.”
Lawrence looked around and found a towel on the counter and used it to clean the foam from Derek’s mouth and cheeks. “Why must he make such a mess?” 
“Part of the process, I don’t know. Cover him up and let’s get out of here. The system will alert us when he wakes.”
Lawrence tossed a sheet onto Derek and stepped away from the table. He noticed some long black hairs on the white cloth, but then it was almost impossible not to shed at some time. The excess hair did manage to clog the ventilation system at times, but the auto clean function usually managed to remove most of the obstructions, gel them into a collection and jettison them into space with the other disposable waste. 
Josh left the lab and headed for the main body of the space station where the barracks were located. He wanted to spend as much time as he could screwing off instead of working. Lawrence took off instead towards the command center at the far end of the station where the other gorillas tended to gather. The station was put together like a child’s toy, with a long tube intersected by another tube and yet another perpendicular to the original. Shooting off to each side were eight solar panels, sixteen total connected by a long shaft resembling a huge butterfly floating in space. 
The six chimpanzees tended to gather near the computer center and science sections, and the orangutans spent most of their time tending to the weapons and communication section. The humans interspersed throughout the station but did tend to migrate the most to the command and weapon sections the most. 
The station was directed by Commander Danielle Baker, a forty two year old married woman from Columbus Nebraska who spent most of her time locked away in her room. She found out quickly she couldn’t stomach the odor of unwashed ape hair, and there was plenty of it around. She was sickened when she found ape hair stuck to her clothes, and on the tables and fixed to the windows like glue. The static electricity throughout the space station was a magnet for the filthy disgusting material. 
“I want this section cleaned!” she snapped as she walked past the food dispenser. There were four male gorillas, dressed in black leather, sitting at an adjacent table eating and ignoring her as she yelled. “I know you can hear me,” she said. “When I get back, there had not be a single hair anywhere in this room, do you understand me?” she yelled. 
None of the apes said anything but the one with its back to her nodded its enormous head acknowledging   her demands. Any of the gorillas could snap her neck with ease and she and they both knew it, but she had the ability to control any ape at any time with the telemetric implant in her brain. Using a combination of thought, and the stainless steel chip embedded in her right forearm, she could render any ape helpless for as long as she wanted. Every ape and human on board the ship had a chip embedded into the occipital lobe of his or her brain which when activated by the commander would render them blind. The result was temporary, but very effective. 

Then an alert whistle sounded three times over the communications system and stopped. The whistle was usually followed by a voice that gave directions, a warning or a message or command---but not this time. The four gorillas stood up and headed for the aft door like they were expecting the sound. Commander Baker stood and watched the apes leave the commissary imparting her with an uneasy feeling in her gut. She didn’t like the way the four apes got up and left together without saying anything to each other or to her. So she decided to follow them.
Through the door she walked and down the narrow hall she saw a large gathering of gorillas in the communal living area. On one side of the room congregated the majority of the gorillas assigned to the station and on the other, standing tall, dressed in a dark tunic and cowl was Argo, the one ape that caused most of her problems. He was difficult to work with, usually with an agenda of his own. He was assigned to the warhead prep and maintenance section and was usually out of sight most of the time down in the bowels of the ship. But when he was off duty he spent most of his time discussing conspiracy theories among his fellow gorillas and stirring up shit. 
For the most part the commander felt Argo was harmless, but now she wasn’t so sure with this large gathering seeming willing to listen to whatever lark he was willing to feed them. He was always full of stories, and he had the kind of infectious ‘personality’ that captivated most everyone he met. And today seemed no different. The problem, as Commander Baker saw it, was there was a hard and fast rule that no one species, including humans were allowed to gather together exclusively. It was felt that in doing so, it would create a bond that may threaten the safety and existence of the station itself. Commander Baker stood off to the side as to not bring attention to herself and listened to what Argo had to say to his fellow gorillas. 
The alarm stopped and Arlo spoke aloud, “My fellow gorillas, I am so glad to see you have come today to hear the message.” He raised his arms as well as his voice in a welcoming fashion and bowed to his fellow apes in an over dramatic fashion as to say ‘thank you.’ “But first and foremost I want you all to know that I am here for you. Not just as a fellow space explorer, but as a friend. I know that many of you feel lost with no direction in your lives. That you have no one you can confide in, that you are alone. Nothing could be further from the truth. I am the savior you need in your life, the one who loves you unconditionally. I am your truth, your light and your way in a world that doesn’t care if you exist. I want you to know---I care that that you exist!” Arlo paused to gauge the reaction of his audience. He could see that most of them were eating up every word he said. Most of his fellow gorillas felt alone, distant, even from each other and worthless. They needed a light in their life and Arlo was going to make sure he was that light. 
“How many of you have left friends and family back on Earth? How many of you have difficulty finding meaning full companionship among your fellow ape? Don’t feel alone.  It’s not your fault. Apes weren’t designed to live in a cage, a cage floating so far above the Earth that you cease to exist to everyone you ever knew. I can give you what you desire, what you crave so deeply. You have meaning in your life and I will show you that meaning. Do you hear me?” Arlo asked and the crowd called back ‘Yes!”
Now Arlo knew he had them where he wanted them. 
“I bring a message from your creator, and your creator says I am to be his angel. I bring his message to you through me. I am your savior. I am your messiah. “
Now Commander Baker was getting nervous. She realized that Arlo could create an uprising if he managed to convince his fellow gorillas he really was a messenger sent from God. From thousands of miles above the Earth, there wasn’t much she could do if Arlo managed to convince the gorillas to mutiny. Instinctively, Baker stepped out of the shadow away from the doorway and made her presence known. “You know this is an illegal gathering,” Baker said as she stared into the dark brown menacing eyes glaring back at her. “Station rules dictate that there shall be no gatherings of any one species at any time during the mission. Any such meetings shall be seen as an act of mutiny and be treated as such. “
Silence.
“Rules are meant to be broken,” Arlo said. “You wouldn’t keep our brothers and sisters apart in this time of need---would you?” 
“What time of need? What’s changed?”
“Can’t you see the anguish in their hearts? They need to be loved, to know there is someone out there who knows what they are going through, and to be there for them.”
“I didn’t realize there was an issue. I have an open door policy and none of you have ever said a word to me.”
“Why would they? They know the distain you feel in your heart for them. You treat them like animals. You find us disgusting. Is this not true commander?” Arlo asked. 
Baker was caught for a moment. She had to think on her feet. “I’m not here to babysit. I’m here to command. We have sixty nuclear warheads onboard this ship aimed down at the Earth and it’s my responsibility to make sure nothing interferes with the potential launch of those missiles. You all are specially trained to operate some part of this ship and I need for you to be able to execute your duties in an instant if war were declared. If you need to have your hands held then I suggest you see an animal psychologist. But for now, I want you to disperse this illegal gathering and go on and do your jobs. Do you understand me? Baker barked. 
Arlo didn’t reply at first. He glared at Baker and cocked his head to the side ever so slightly. He wanted to find the perfect words before replying to her toxic comments.  He looked out to the crowd of gorillas and with a gentle voice asked, “Am I your messiah?”
The crowd of apes erupted, pounded their feet and screamed over and over, “yes.”
Arlo slowly looked back at Baker and smiled as he listened to his fellow apes rattle the ship and fill it with howls that could be felt from stem to stern. He didn’t have to say a word, power now emanated from his very core over his fellow apes and she knew it. 
Baker turned and walked back into the hall and shut the door. The yelling, screaming and pounding was now muffled, but still present. He called her bluff and she lost. The thought of using her control device didn’t cross her mind as temporarily blinding twenty two gorillas would probably have caused more problems in the long run. She needed a plan, or a way to escape before it was too late. 
Chapter 7
Jonestown
Josh returned to the med lab to check on Derek and found him groggy but awake. He was still strapped down to the table and safe so Josh decided to remove the restraints and check on his patient. From behind Josh heard the familiar voice of Dara, one of the six chimpanzees that worked on the station. Dara was female, four feet six and wearing a jumpsuit with her name printed where a pocket usually would be. 
“How’s he doing?” Dara asked. She was a friend of Derek’s and worked in the engineering section with him. 
“Ask him,” Josh replied. 
Dara stepped over to the table and helped remove the straps that pinned the schizophrenic epileptic down. “How are you Derek?” Dara asked. 
“What happened?” Derek asked. He always had a hard time coming out of his post ictal state. 
“You had one of your episodes,” Dara replied. 
“Great, where was I this time?”
“You were at your station.”
“Did I embarrass myself again?”
“You were funny, but don’t worry about it,” Dara replied. 
Josh ran a thermometer over Derek’s forehead and took a reading. “Ninety nine point nine,” Josh stated, “You have a low grade fever.”
Dara asked, “Do you feel sick?”
Derek sat up on the table and sluggishly swung his legs over the side. “No, I feel tired, that’s all.”
“You don’t look good,” Dara stated. “Maybe you should go back to your quarters.”
“How long was I out?”
Josh replied, “Three and a half hours. Your shift ended an hour ago.”
“Well, if that’s the case---what the hell, back to my room it is.”
“If you want I can fix you something to eat,” Dara said. She had a crush on Derek and it was obvious. 
“If you want,” Derek replied. He slid his hips forward and touched his toes to the floor. 
“Let me help,” Dara said and wrapped her arm around Derek guiding him to the floor. The fur that protruded through her cuffs tickled Derek. Together they left the med lab and slowly headed down the hall to the crew quarters. Derek had a small room on the third level with a window that allowed the stars to shine through. Only a few rooms had a view of space through the clear Plexiglas but to most people’s surprise the majority of the crew preferred a solid wall. The constant view of the outside caused a variation of vertigo that kept people from sleeping. 
The room was no larger than a college dorm with a studio lay out. The bedroom and living room were basically the same with a bathroom and small kitchenette off to one side. It wasn’t much, but it was private. Dara sat down on a recliner being careful not to shed. She kept a brush with her at all times in a vain attempt to remove loose hair before it covered everything she touched. Shedding was a never ending battle she couldn’t win. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Derek said. He always said it. But Dara never believed him. 
“I’m going to try a new conditioner,” Dara said. “It’s supposed to slow shedding.”
Wanting to change the subject, Derek asked, “How was work? After I left?”
“Oh, same old. Nothing ever changes.”
It was true, it was engineering’s job to keep the ion drive working and fix problems as they arose.   The ion engines rarely failed and most of their time was spent fixing coffee makers and doing odd jobs. If a warhead ever had an issue, there was protocol to jettison the weapon and send it harmlessly off into space. That is until it ran into a random asteroid and blew up. 
“But I did hear something today that scared me,” Dara stated. 
“What?”
“You remember Arlo don’t you?”
“Yeah, the gorilla with the mouth. What did he do?”
“He’s been acting different. Kind of scary if you ask me.”
“Different how?”
“The captain had to scold him today, for holding and illegal meeting in the community room.” 
“How do you know?”
“I could hear them all the way back in engineering. They were stomping and yelling and making all kinds of noise.”
“They who?”
“The gorillas, he gathered them all up in a group and gave them some sort of speech. When the captain found out she ripped him a new ass.”
“Did you see this yourself?”
“No,” Jasper told me. “He walked in on them from the kitchen.”
“So what did Jasper say happened?”
“She took off and left them.”
“How long ago was this?”
“Two or three hours ago,” Dara replied. 
“Are they still in the community room?” Derek asked. He was getting nervous.
“I don’t know, I went around. Why? Arlo is harmless.”
“No he’s not, if he managed to get the other gorillas together and feed them a bunch of bullshit, we could be in big trouble. He’s fucking psycho. Why do you think there’s a rule against single species gatherings? You get a bunch of lonely apes together, mix in a megalomaniac and you have an uprising on your hands.”
“Now you’re scaring me,” Dara said. 
“I’m scaring me,” Derek replied. “I don’t know if there is a protocol for mutiny. We have all those warheads and in the hands of a nut could wipe out half the planet.”
“Why would Arlo do that? What would he gain?”
“Well, he’d be King of space for one thing. Maybe we should contact the captain.”
“I don’t think we should get involved,” Dara said. 
Derek tapped his feet and looked around the room. His nervous energy bothered Dara and made her feel worse. 
“Please stop that,” Dara said. 
“I’m calling the captain,” Derek said and pulled out his phone. 
“You can’t just call the captain, there are rules. And I’m sure she’s aware of what’s going on and doesn’t need you to be bothering her.”
Then Derek felt a repeating vibration coming from his seat. “Do you feel that?” he asked. 
Dara leaned back against the wall and put her ear to the cold metal. “I can hear them chanting,” she replied. 
The vibrations continued in rhythmic succession, growing stronger as time passed. It was becoming obvious something was happening because the Plexiglas was now vibrating and amplifying the sounds like a woofer. “They’re going to tear the ship apart,” Derek said. 
Then the sound stopped. 
Derek and Dara sat in silence listening for the vibrations to start again. They locked into each other’s eyes and waited for the other to flinch when the noise returned. All they could hear was the humming of the ion engine and the sounds of each other’s breathing. Dara swallowed hard and whispered, “I’m scared---seriously.”
“The door’s locked,” Derek stated. He was trying to instill some confidence in his friend. 
“What good will that do?” Dara asked. “If they want in, they’ll find a way.”
“You know what this reminds me of?” Derek asked. 
Dara shook her head. 
“Jonestown, or the Branch Davidians” Derek replied. “You know, those cults that murdered all those people?”
“Who’d they murder?”
“Each other. They drank poisoned Kool-Aid, and the others burned themselves to death.” 
“When did this happen?”
“Jim Jones cult in the nineteen seventies, David Koresh in the eighties I think. Maybe the nineties.”
“Why would they do that?” Dara asked. 
“That’s what happens when a cult leader is threatened. They don’t know how to handle it so they convince all their followers to commit suicide.”
“Do you think that’s what Arlo has planned?”
“Nobody plans to fail. That’s what happens at the end when the cops show up to take you to jail. Let’s not get ahead of ourselves and give Arlo that much credit. Cults take a while to get going and from what you told me, this is the first indication anything has happened. I’m just saying there are similarities. Fuck, that’s how Hitler started. One speech at a time.”
“I think I’ve heard of Hitler,” Dara stated. “I don’t know about the others.”
“It was way before your time,” Derek said. “Way before mine too.”
“So what do you want to do?”
“Do you want me to walk you back to your room?”
Dara thought for a moment. “We’d have to cross close to the community room.”
“I know, but you have to go home sometime. And I want to see what’s going on.”
Dara didn’t have much to say. She didn’t want to leave Derek’s quarters and she really didn’t want to spend the night alone. Not with Arlo acting like he was. But she knew she’d eventually have to go back. “Alright, but when we get back to my place, I’m making you supper.”
Derek liked Dara, but not in the way she liked him and he really didn’t like ape hair in his food. But he didn’t want to hurt her feelings. “I have a fever, remember? Maybe I shouldn’t eat anything, I feel a little nauseous.” Derek lied, but now he didn’t have to gag on ape hair. 
The trip to Dara’s room usually took about ten minutes, but they decided to take it slow and watch out for any gorillas that they might encounter. The last thing they wanted to do was agitate one of Arlo’s new disciples and cause a commotion.  The hallway was narrow, just wide enough for two primates to ambulate shoulder to shoulder and when a large gorilla was heading in your direction, it was best to put your back to the wall and let them pass. Otherwise you may end up on the floor. Gorillas were known for their knuckle-walking gait and didn’t think much of knocking anyone close by off balance. They could be clumsy at times. 
As they approached the community room, Derek slowed and peeked through the door to see who or what was still present. It was easy to walk in the hallway around the large room, but Derek was curious to see if Arlo was as much a threat as he thought he could be. What Derek saw was the remains of a large gathering that was now thinning out. Left behind and on their way out the far door were a half dozen gorillas but no Arlo. 
“He’s gone,” Derek said looking through the narrow doorway. 
“Who’s gone?” Arlo asked. He was standing in the hall behind Derek and Dara. His low voice punched like a fist and startled them both.
Stunned, Derek spun around and stood face to face with Arlo. Dara stood off to his left and stepped behind Derek to hide. 
“What are you afraid of?” Arlo asked. 
Dara didn’t reply. 
“I think you scared her,” Derek replied. 
“Me? Ha,” Arlo replied with a grin. “I’m as harmless as a fly.”
“She heard you yelling earlier today, I think that’s what caused her to…”
“Yell? I may have been speaking a bit louder than usual, but no. I wasn’t yelling,” Arlo said. 
“Maybe she misunderstood,” Derek said. He was subconsciously bowing down to the large gorilla. “But we did hear that you were speaking to a group of gorillas,” Derek added. He quickly regretted it. 
“Is there a problem with me speaking to my own kind?” Arlo asked. 
“There are rules about gatherings,” Derek said. He was digging himself in deeper with each comment. 
“You’re sounding like the captain.”
“Is that why we could hear you across the station? Were you arguing with the captain?”
“I don’t think I like where this is going,” Arlo said. He was much firmer, but not to the point of anger. 
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything. We need to get to Dara’s quarters.”
Arlo stepped closer to Dara. “I’ve seen you around. You work in engineering,” Arlo stated. 
“Yes, I do,” Dara replied. She was almost whispering. 
“I commend you for your work. Without you we’d be in trouble,” Arlo stated trying to lighten the mood. “I don’t have the temperament or the math skills to be an engineer. That’s why I work with the missiles. I’m just dumb enough to know how to press the fire button,” Arlo said with a grin. 
“I don’t think that’s funny,” Dara replied. She took a half step further behind Derek as the words came out of her mouth. 
“No,” Arlo replied. “His expression was now defensive. His brow was furrowed and his jaw was tense. “I don’t suppose it was.” 
Chapter 8
Megalomaniac
For the next two weeks the gorillas continued to gather in the communal living area to listen to Arlo speak. And during those week’s the tension increased on board Omega 835 between the gorillas and the other primates as they slowly grew distant from each other. The population of gorillas was slightly less than that of the humans but much greater than the chimpanzees and orangutans and many of the non-gorilla primates felt the difference could ultimately bring down the ship. If not literally, internally as the gorillas might decide to take over operations and change the mission. With sixty nuclear warheads focused on the Earth below, Arlo and his new formed cult could in all actually hijack the planet or burn it to a crisp.

It was mid work day on a Friday when Arlo called a gathering of all the gorillas to the communal living space. His meetings had quickly evolved into what could be considered a church service. He spoke like a preacher and made promises he had no intentions of keeping. But the other gorillas on board were more than willing to give Arlo the attention he desired and none of the gorillas missed a sermon. 
“My fellow space travelers, I have news to share with you,” Arlo stated. His serious tone and histrionic delivery captivated his congregation “I have received a message from Earth. A message about a conspiracy to take over control of this ship by those we once trusted, by those who sent us here to guard the very Earth they live upon,” Arlo said as he paced back and forth. He kept his eyes locked on his audience pulling them in with each word. “It’s a conspiracy based on fear---and I fear if we lose control of Omega 835, they may no longer need us. And if they no longer need us, they may turn off the life support and allow us all to die.”
There were no messages sent from Earth and Arlo knew it. He was using a scare tactic to cement his place as King of the gorillas. “As you all know, this ship can be run directly from Earth without any of us. We are here simply as a backup in case anything were to go wrong. But it seems those in charge no longer trust us with our fingers on the button and want to take away our power. They-are-scared.”
“Why do they think that?” a voice called out from the gathering. 
“There was a situation on Earth. A situation where one lone insane man took it upon himself to sabotage a nuclear power plant. He didn’t get very far and was caught before he could do damage, but those in control who rule by knee jerk reactions have decided that they can no longer leave the power of life and death in the hands of living beings. Ape or man.”
“Why didn’t they tell us all?” the lone voice called out. 
“Because it’s a lie,” Commander Baker replied. No one had seen her enter the room and stand in the shadow. “Arlo is making up a lie, don’t listen to him.”
Arlo turned to face Baker. He was wearing his tunic and cowl and looked the part of a preacher. “A lie?” Arlo asked. “What proof do you have that I lie?”
“I’m briefed every day from the command center on Earth and nobody has said anything about taking over. I would know, they would tell me.”
“What concern of yours would it be? Why would they share the information with you? You run this ship, the dealings of a mad man on Earth have no bearing on what occurs on Omega 835.”
“I have a better question,” Baker stated. “Where did you get your information?”
Arlo hesitated but recovered quickly. “I received the information in a private message.”
“Yeah, right,” Baker replied like she had just heard a joke. “Why don’t you go print off this message and pass it around the room?”
Without missing a beat, Arlo replied, “I deleted the message.”
Baker bit her lip and looked around at the apes who were staring back at her. It was obvious she wasn’t making any friends questioning Arlo but she felt she needed to do something. There was limited security on board and if the gorillas really wanted to take over there was no way to stop them. “I wouldn’t put too much faith in what Arlo says,” Baker stated. She paused gauging the eyes that were fixed upon her. “You should investigate his claims on your own.”
“You limit what they can see, you know that,” Arlo stated. It was true that communications between Omega 835 and Earth were limited due to the secret nature of their existence which played right into the hands of Arlo. The less the other apes knew, the more lies he could potentially feed them and gain control. 
“I’ll talk to my supervisor and ask them to make a presentation that you can all watch,” Baker replied.
“You mean a lie to control us,” Arlo stated as fact. “They can create any presentation they want, and package it as the truth.”
“If they wanted you dead, you’d be dead by now,” Baker snapped back. “I want all of you to listen to me. I am the commander of this ship, and you know there rules state you are not allowed to gather like this. You are all breaking the rules. Do you understand me?”
“Chimpanzees and orangutans gather alone all the time and you’ve never say a word,” Arlo replied. “Why do you single us out?”
“The chimpanzees and orangutans have never posed a threat. The gorillas have,” Baker replied. 
“What are you going to do? Put us all in the brig?” Arlo asked. 
“So you admit you’re breaking the rules. You gather knowing it’s not allowed.”
“Yes,” Arlo replied. He taunted the commander with his glare daring her to reply. He knew on his command that she would be torn to pieces and shot out of the ship with the garbage. 
“Is it your intention to take over the ship?”
Pause. You could hear a pin drop. 
“I already have,” Arlo replied with a smirk. 
“You’re aware that everything you say is being recorded and monitored back on Earth.”
“Yes I know.”
“They are aware of your mutinous actions.”
“I’m sure they are.”
“I was warned weeks ago about what you were doing. Command isn’t going to just let you take over the station. They have safeguards in action.”
“And what safeguards are those?” Arlo asked. 
Baker was rigid and her jaw ached from clenching. She quickly realized she should have kept her mouth shut. “None of your fucking business,” she replied. 
“If you won’t tell me commander, I think a few of my good friends here may assist in helping you talk.”
Baker took a step to the side out of the dark into the light. She took a few more steps towards the door when a close gorilla rushed over and blocked the exit. “I am the commander of this ship and I order you to move away from the door,” Baker stated to the gorilla. The gorilla looked over to Arlo for direction. 
“Let her go,” Arlo said and the gorilla stepped away from the door. “Commander, a word of caution. I have total control over the ship and have had it for days now. My computer experts have found ways to hide the fact from you and you were none the worse for not knowing. If I were you, I’d go along with the flow and keep the humans and the other apes in line. If they try to do anything to me, or my fellow gorillas, they will be dealt with swiftly. Do you understand?”
Baker nodded. 
“My children love me and will do anything for me. If I were you, I wouldn’t put that to the test.”
Baker stepped out of the room and into the hall. She turned and headed to the communication center when she passed the engineering section. Dara noticed her right away and made a comment to Derek who was sitting at his station next to her. “Did you see that?” Dara asked. 
“What?”
“Commander Baker, she walked past the door and she looked shook up.”
“How could you tell from her walking past the door?”
“Her face was bright red and she was walking pretty fast. Like she had to be somewhere.”
“She has a lot of crap to deal with on this ship, it could be anything,” Derek said. 
“I want to go talk to her,” Dara said. 
“Don’t bother.”
Dara looked back to the doorway and then to her computer screen. She didn’t care what Derek said, she was scared and wanted answers. She began to stand when Derek interrupted her. 
“If she has something to say to us she will,” Derek said. 
Just then both Derek and Dara’s computer terminals sounded with a message alert that flashed on the screen. They both clicked at the same time and a video appeared on the screen with Commander Baker sitting at her desk with a sheet of paper in her hand. The video was a live feed and they could tell Baker was nervous and unprepared. “I have an urgent message for the crew of Omega 835. I’ve been in contact with Arlo who has informed me he has taken over control of this ship. He hasn’t made any demands and I don’t know what he has planned, but I felt I needed to let you all know…” The video disappeared from the screen. 
“What the fuck?” Dara asked. She wasn’t one to swear. 
“I knew it,” Derek said. “We both knew something wasn’t right and this proves it.”
“What happened to the video?”
“Arlo, or one of his cronies turned it off.”
“I’m scared,” Dara said. 
“Yeah, me too,” Derek replied. “Were trapped up here with no way to defend ourselves.”
“There must be something we can do.”
Derek thought for a second. “There is Earth command. They must have a plan.”
“Can’t Arlo cut off their access? All they have to do is reprogram the computer.”
“Maybe, maybe not. But I’m sure there was a contingency plan in case something like this ever happened. We have sixty warheads on this ship and there is no way they’d let anyone compromise the system.”
“We should go to the commander and ask her in person,” Dara said. Then another message blinked on both screens. Dara and Derek both clicked on the message and this time a video of the commander popped up again, only this time Arlo was standing behind her with his hands around her neck. Baker was alert and her face was bright red but she couldn’t speak. 
Instead, Arlo looked into the camera and said, “It’s correct what commander Baker has told you in her illegal communication. I have taken control of the ship and you are all under my command. I have come here to relive the commander of her duties and take my proper place as your supreme ruler.” Arlo twisted Commander Baker’s head until the vertebra snapped and she stopped moving. The large gorilla paused for a moment and allowed Baker to flop down on her face with a cracking sound. He then stepped away from the camera and disappeared just as the screen went blank. 
“Holy shit,” Derek said with his jaw agape. “We’re so fucked.”
‘What are they going to do with us?” Dara asked. 
“I don’t know but one thing I do know is I’m not letting them get away with this.”
“What do you mean?” Dara asked. 
“We have some power. If we act quickly we can at least save Earth.”
“What power do we have?”
“We run the fucking engines. We control the stations orbit and we can move the station far enough away that the warheads would be rendered useless. 
“But how about us?” Dara asked. 
“The needs of the many verses the needs of the few. Don’t you watch Star Trek?”
“Don’t try to be funny,” Dara said. “I don’t want to die.”
“Neither do I, but you saw what Arlo did to the commander. What’s to say he doesn’t do the same to the rest of us? I for one, am not willing to go down without a fight. He might be able to take me out, but not until after I fuck up his grand plan.”
“He has computer control, if you change the orbit, he can change it right back.”
“You know it’s not that easy. If we move to a higher orbit, it will burn fuel to bring it back down and there isn’t enough fuel in the positioning rockets to do that. Not if we get high enough.”
“How high is high enough?” Dara asked. 
Derek punched on his keyboard and brought up his orbital dynamics programming. He had more than enough fuel for the ion engines and all he needed was a head start before Arlo and his minions detected what he was doing and cut him off. “We have two options. The first is to push the orbit up, let’s say, another two hundred miles. That should be enough to render the warheads useless.”
“What’s the second?”
“We push the engines to max and take the ship out of orbit all together.”
“Into deep space?” Dara asked. 
“Yes, we’d float out of the solar system eventually and into deep space where the warheads couldn’t do any damage,” Derek replied. 
“That means we float in space until we die.”
Derek looked at Dara and could see the mixed expression of horror and sadness. “Yes, it would be a suicide mission. But the Earth would be safe.”
Dara looked away and thought hard. She didn’t want her life to end frozen in space floating out into the cosmos in a rocket ship heading to nowhere. “How long would it take?” She asked. 
Derek knew what she was asking. “The station could run for another five years but our food would run out in a few months,” Derek replied. 
“So we’d starve to death?”
“Yes, unless Arlo has us killed first, or we find a way to end it ourselves.”
Dara hung her head in despair. “Do we have any other choice?”
“Yes, let that egomaniac take over the ship and hold the Earth hostage.”
Dara lifted her head and looked to the ceiling. She closed her eyes and without realizing tapped her foot in some rhythmic pattern to a song no one but her could hear. She swallowed hard, opened her eyes and looked to Derek. “Do it,” she said and looked away. 
“Alright,” Derek replied. He tapped on his keyboard and brought up the subroutines for the ion engine. He needed a way to set them to full and keep the gorillas from accessing the program and reversing his actions. Derek was no computer expert, but he knew enough to get around the programming. He accessed the power control panel and set the parameters to run the engines at full power for ten minutes. Much longer than needed to reach escape velocity but he wanted to make sure. But before the engines would engage, he would need to put the other computers into safe mode just before running the program and he needed Dara’s help to accomplish this. “I need you to go to the maintenance panel and select ‘full scan and defragmentation, full network.” 
Dara did as Derek stated and brought up the control section as he asked. 
“When I say go, press run, ok?”
Dara nodded. 
Derek made sure he had the correct settings and activated the program. The ion engines were silent and there was no obvious push or pull so nobody noticed the ship was beginning to accelerate. “Ok, hit it,” Derek said. 
Dara started the scan and both computers went into safe mode. Just like all the computers on board. He needed for the ion engine to run for about ninety seconds before the orbit was nonreversible and the safe mode did nothing to stop them. Anything more than ninety seconds and the ship would continue on into deep space forever, anything less and they would be locked in a higher orbit, but still out of range for the warheads. 
Derek looked at his watch and kept track of how many seconds passed. He tapped his fingers on his knees subconsciously hoping to increase the speed of time and get past the critical period of ninety seconds. All he could think about was how a watched pot never boils and time dragged on and on. Then his watch passed ninety seconds, then two minutes, then two and a half and he felt relieved. “We made it,” he said and looked up at Dara. 
She didn’t share Derek’s joy and her face showed the sadness she felt inside. “You seem awfully happy for someone who just signed their own death warrant,” Dara said. “I hope you were right about all this.”
“No matter what I did, Arlo will still run this ship the way he sees fit. And I don’t think we are a part of his grand plan.”
“He would still need us. Especially if he cut ties with Earth. He’d need someone to run engineering.”
“Moot point now,” Derek said. He turned and sat back on his seat. He read the words on the screen, “Safe Mode,” and smiled. All he could do is think how he fucked Arlo’s plan. Even if it meant his own life.
Chapter 9
Sabotage
Twelve minutes passed before the proximity monitor alarmed the navigation bridge alerting the crew the station was no longer in the same orbit. With an elliptical orbit, there was some leeway written into the monitoring code prompting the system to alarm if they were more than fifty miles above or below where the prescribed trajectory. Arlo was sleeping in his quarters when he was awaken and informed of the variance in altitude. The messenger wasn’t able to explain to Arlo’s satisfaction why the station had moved so he left his room and headed down to the navigation bridge to find out. When he arrived he saw nothing out of the ordinary as the Earth looked approximately the same. 
“What’s going on?” Arlo yelled. 
Of the three navigators, only one was brave enough to reply. “We’re moving away from Earth.”
“Move us back!” Arlo snapped. 
“It’s not that easy. We don’t have the power to make the correction.”
“Why not? And how did this happen?” Arlo barked. 
“We only have enough fuel in the repositioning rockets to make small course corrections. We’ve moved significantly away from Earth that we can’t get back.”
“Use the main engine.”
“We can’t make subtle changes in trajectory with the ion engine. It’s designed to give us our main thrust and keep us in a stable orbit.”
“There’s no way you can use it?” Arlo asked. 
“We might be able to do a long sweep, but that could take years.”
“Years? How many years?”
The navigator did a quick calculation in her head. “Ten, maybe fifteen,” she replied. 
“How did this happen?”
“Someone increased the ion engine to full power and shot us out of orbit.”
“Who did that?” Arlo demanded to know. 
The navigator scanned his computer readouts. “Someone in engineering.” 
“Someone? Give me a name?” Arlo shouted. 
“I can’t tell from here who’s logged on. You’ll need to ask the information tech.”
Arlo stomped over to the computer and looked down at the screen. He pushed the communication button and yelled, “Who moved this ship!” His voice bellowed over all the speakers through the halls and was heard by everyone, man and ape. He then stepped back and waited for a reply. Nothing. “Who’s running this ship?” he asked aloud. “Where’s the commander?”
“She’s on the main bridge,” one of the gorillas replied. 
“Get her, I’m sure she has something to do with this.”
“Two of the gorillas stood up and headed for the door.”
“Just one of you, I need the rest of you to fix this problem.”
One gorilla sat down and the other headed out in the hall towards the main bridge. He stepped through the door, ran down the hall to the main bridge and found Commander Baker sitting in her Captain’s chair looking out through the main viewing window into space. She was unaware of what was going on and had no clue Omega 835 was heading off into deep space. 
“Arlo needs you in the navigation pod, now!” the gorilla barked. 
“Tell him to fuck off,” Baker replied. 
The gorilla stepped over to Baker and yanked her out of her chair. “I said Arlo needs to see you now!”
Baker stood up and backed away. Her right shoulder was pulled hard as she was jerked from her chair and now she was in serious pain. She was one of two people on board allowed to carry a firearm but had difficulty pulling the weapon from the holster. The gorilla ran up to her and smacked the gun from her hand sending it sliding across the floor. “If you don’t come, I’ll drag you there,” the gorilla stated. It was fuming, panting and ready to strike at any moment. 
“Fine,” Baker said and followed the ape out the door. 
Back in the navigation pod, Arlo paced back and forth in a nervous panic. He paused briefly to look at the computer read outs and then paced again. Then Baker stepped through the door. Arlo stopped and pointed at the former commander of the ship and yelled, “I know you have something to do with this. You need to turn this ship around before I tear you apart!”
“To do with what?” Baker asked. 
“Don’t play stupid,” Arlo snapped. “You know exactly what’s going on.”
Baker stood there dumbfounded. She took a step over to one of the computer monitors and read what was on the screen. It took her a minute to figure out that there was an orbital variance between all the red blinking texts. “I had nothing to do with this,” she replied. “And even if I did, there’s no way to turn the ship around fast enough to make a difference.”
“Then who had the ability to sabotage the ship?” Arlo asked. He was a little less angry but still showing his teeth subconsciously with every syllable. 
“Engineering runs the ion engines.”
“How many engineers work on the ship?”
“Four.”
“Names?”
“Derek, Dara, James and Randolph,” Baker replied. 
Arlo put one and one together remembering the conversation in the hall with Derek and Dara. He stepped over to the communication panel and called for Derek and Dara to come to the navigation pod. 
“You think it was them?” Baker asked.
“Yes, the one named Derek questioned our meetings. I can see that he would have a motive.”
“Do you think he’ll come here? If I were him---I’d avoid you.”
“You’re probably correct.”
“And like I said, the course can’t be corrected like you want. This ship doesn’t turn on a dime, it turns on a solar system.”
“But he might try further sabotage. I need to locate him, and his chimpanzee girlfriend Dara.” Arlo had no real security guards on board. There wasn’t enough room to house them so it was decided before the mission that the commander would act as the ship’s sheriff deputizing whatever staff she needed at the time to act as law enforcement. The ship had a small brig, about half the size of the standard living quarters but that was it. Now Arlo was charged with finding someone to go find Derek and Dara, unless he did it himself. “Can I track their movements on board?” Arlo asked. 
“No,” Baker replied and one of the navigation gorillas confirmed what she said. 
“Can we block their access to the computers?”
“Possibly,” Baker replied. “But computer access is something Earth command controls, not us.”
“Why?”
“In case of a mutiny. They wanted to ensure that everyone had access to the computer so that no one person could control the ship.”
“I’m surprised Earth wasn’t aware the ship moved out of orbit. How did they miss that?”
“They probably didn’t. Engineering gets all the messages and alerts from Earth concerning our orbit and those are the staff that changed it. All they had to do was silence the alarms and ignore the messages. 
“You didn’t receive a warning?”
“I get all my warnings from engineering. If they fail to acknowledge in five minutes, the warning is forwarded onto me.”
“That makes no sense,” Arlo stated. “Why keep the commander out of the loop?”
“It’s because they trust the engineers to do their jobs correctly. If they didn’t respond, or responded incorrectly the warning would be bumped up to me. It’s called following the chain of command,” Baker replied. 
“And now we have two saboteurs on board running around with full access to the computers.” 
“If I were you, I’d contact Earth command and direct them to block their computer access. Not that it will do any good now.”
Arlo stood staring at the far wall in deep thought. He knew the mission was fucked and the more he heard the more defeated he felt. He wanted to find Derek and Dara and rip their heads off but there was no way to track them on board and the ship was huge. Was it even worth it to try? What else did Derek and Dara have in mind as they ran amok unguarded on the ship. 
“What’s the worst thing they could do now?” Arlo asked. “Turn off life support?”
“No, there is no single life support system. And most of those can’t be turned off. There would be no reason to design it into the ships system.”
“But they could, let’s say, turn off the oxygen scrubbers and suffocate us?” Arlo asked. 
“That’s plausible, but not probable. In order to do that they would have to do an E.V.A. and access the scrubbers from the outside.”
“I see,” Arlo said. He rubbed his chin and looked at the floor. “So we can survive until the food runs out.”
“Pretty much,” Baker stated. 
“Sort of a grim end---don’t you think?” Arlo asked. 
“I don’t think there are too many ways to die that are peaceful,” Baker replied. 
“You can go,” Arlo said. He turned away and was unusually quiet and retrospective. 
“You know you brought his on yourself.”
Arlo didn’t reply. 
Baker stepped out of the navigation pod and headed back to the main bridge. 
Arlo turned, stepped over to the computer and tapped a few keys. He knew what he wanted and where to look because he used to work with the warheads. Only he wasn’t sure he could access the missiles in the way he was planning. The only way to launch was from Earth command and they had total control over missile guidance and launch. That was the only way to ensure a madman or mad ape couldn’t take over and launch from the ship. 
“Who is our best computer expert?” Arlo asked. The two gorillas working on the computers stopped what they were doing and thought. 
“Simmons sir,” one gorilla replied and the other confirmed. 
“The cook?” Arlo asked. 
“He’s only the cook because he was busted down for contempt.”
Simmons was an orangutan with a short fuse. He was arrogant and knew how good he was at whatever he did. He felt his fellow crewmates were not only below his mental capacity, but below him in every aspect of life. He never bothered to learn anyone’s names or acknowledge   them as they crossed in the halls or anywhere on board. He had no reason. There was nothing he couldn’t do better than anyone else and would let them know in no uncertain terms. He was an island unto himself with a mouth that wouldn’t shut up. And it got him in hot water on more than one occasion. Working in the kitchen was not only a punishment he felt, but a prison to him and torture. 
He knew several ways to poison the food without being detected and often contemplated revenge on a daily basis. He would have preferred the brig, but Baker didn’t want to dedicate staff to take care of him and instead decided to bust him down and use him. That was after he had words and a heated discussion with the commander over a minor computer glitch that she blamed him for. His mistake, he should have fixed the error and went on with his life but instead blamed someone else, convincingly but in the end backfired. 
“Call him, send him to the tactical warhead control. Tell him I’ll meet him there,” Arlo barked as he stepped out into the hall. The missile control center was located at the bottom of the ship because the missiles needing to face the Earth at all times. As Arlo headed towards his old work station in missile command, he stomped like a bull in a China shop plowing down the hall pushing anyone in his way to the side. He had a single focus and that was to get to his old computer and find a way to arm one of the nuclear warheads and blow up the station. Something very thing Earth command didn’t want to happen. 
As Arlo continued down the hall, those in front of him now stepped out of his way and allowed him to pass by without incident. He reached the elevator, got inside and spoke aloud, “Section 1A.” The doors shut and he was transported down to the lowest floor where he stepped out and found his old work station. It was the same as he left it, covered in black ape hair and a total mess. 
Then he heard a voice call from behind him. It was Simmons emerging from another elevator towards Arlo’s computer. “I came as fast as I could,” Simmons stated. His long reddish brown hair hung down past his sleeves and his gait resembled more of an ape than human. 
“I need you to find a way to arm one of the warheads,” Arlo stated. 
“Why?”
“Because I commanded you to,” Arlo snapped back. 
“I’m not one of your gorilla cult members, you can’t control me like you do them.”
Arlo knew he needed to calm down and change his approach. “Is it possible to arm one of the missiles from here?” he asked. 
“I’ve never tried,” Simmons replied. “But I hear the system can only be controlled from Earth.”
“That’s correct, but they tell me you are the best on board with computers. Is that correct?”
“Of course, there is no one who comes close. But that doesn’t mean I can do what wasn’t programmed to start with.”
“Can’t you write code?” Arlo asked. 
“I can write code in my sleep.”
“Can you write code so I can arm a warhead?”
Simmons knew he was speaking to a mad ape. He was aware of the meetings he had with the other gorillas on board and rumors of a cult had been circulating for months. The last thing he wanted to do was give this crazy ape access to a warhead. So he lied. “No, there is no way to write code to gain access. That was a safety precaution and you know it. And even if I could, I wouldn’t hand the keys to a bomb to a megalomaniac like you.”
As soon as Simmons called Arlo a megalomaniac, he regretted it. 
“I admire an ape that’s not afraid to speak his mind,” Arlo stated. “But you will do as I command.”
Silence. 
“I’ll see what I can do,” Simmons replied. He lied and only planned to pretend to write code because he knew Arlo would never know the difference. Arlo stepped back and allowed Simmons access to his old station and Simmons sat down behind the computer terminal. He asked Arlo for his passkey and logged on. “This will take a while,” Simmons said keeping his eyes focused on the screen.
“How long?”
“I don’t know, I’ve never tried to hack the missile control system before. Could take hours, could take a day or more.”
“Let me know when you’re done, write the code so I can access at least one warhead.”
“What are you going to do if I do? You have to have a flight plan entered and a target. Who are you planning to blow up?”
Arlo couldn’t tell Simmons the truth that he wanted to turn Omega 835 into a doomsday cult and blow up the ship with all hands aboard. “I haven’t decided yet,” he replied. 
“Why?”
“Personal reasons,” Arlo replied. 
Chapter 10
Escape
Derek stood up to leave his station when he noticed a new message blinking on his screen in bright red letters. He could hear a repeating low pitched warning siren in the hall as yellow lights flashed above him and sat back down to face his terminal. 
“Is that what I think it is?” Dara asked. 
“Let me check,” Derek replied tapping on the keyboard. He read the message and pushed himself back as if an invisible force was repelling him from the monitor. “Holy fuck,” he stated and looked up to Dara. “The station has detected missile lock.”
“From where?”
Derek scooted forward and scrolled down the screen. “It’s us,” he replied. “Our own country is going to fire at us.”
Dara leaned over and looked at the screen for herself. What she read sent shivers down her spine. The United States military had locked onto Omega 835 and was getting ready to launch a nuclear strike against the space station. 
“Why now?” Dara asked. 
“I’m sure they’ve been monitoring all the activity on board and have decided we have become a threat. No telling what Arlo did now.”
“How long do we have?”
“How the fuck should I know,” Derek replied.
“What are we going to do?”
Derek knew there were ‘lifeboats’ attached to the ship, how many he wasn’t sure but if they could make it to one of them they could possibly launch and get away before the warheads from Earth blew them up. He brought up a map of the station looking for the exact location of the escape pods. “Look, there are four pods, each can carry twelve individuals. If we can get to one fast enough we might survive.”
“How far away are they?” Dara asked. 
Derek traced the path on the screen with his finger. “Not far, a couple of compartments over. Shouldn’t take more than a few minutes to get there.”
“Let’s go,” Dara said. She waited for Derek to get up and ran out the door. “Which way?” she asked. 
“Left,” Derek replied and followed her down the hall. The flashing yellow lights were disorienting and the low pitched repeating sirens shook him to his bones. Then he heard a voice call from behind. A voice he hadn’t heard in weeks so familiar that he didn’t hesitate to stop and turn around---but no one was there. 
“What are you doing?” Dara asked, yelling over the sirens. 
“I thought I heard something,” Derek replied. He turned back to follow Dara when he saw who was calling him. It was his mother, in her motor scooter blocking his way down the hall. “Momma,” Derek called. 
Dara turned to see who Derek was taking to but saw no one. “Who are you talking to?” she asked. 
“Derek, save me!” his mother called out. “I don’t want to die!”
“Don’t worry Momma, I’ll save you,” Derek called out. 
Dara looked at Derek like he was crazy. “Your mother isn’t there Derek, what’s wrong with you?” she asked. 
“She’s right there, look!” Derek barked back. “Can’t you see she needs help?”
“We don’t have time for this Derek, we need to get to the escape pod.”
“We have to take Momma,” Derek pleaded. 
Dara didn’t know what to do. Her time was limited and she could tell Derek was having a break with reality. She wasn’t aware of his diagnosis. “You can bring her along,” she replied. 
“You’ll have to help me get her into the pod,” Derek said. 
“Why?”
“She can’t walk without help. Can’t you see her scooter?”
Dara looked down the hall and saw nothing but the floor, the ceiling, two walls, two doors and flashing yellow lights. 
“Which door do we take?” Dara asked. 
“The one on the right. We have to help her down the ladder into the pod.”
“Fine, you bring her as far as you can and we’ll lower her down,” Dara replied. 
“Momma, follow her, ok?” Derek asked. 
Dara tried not to let her frustration show and ran down the hall to the door to the right. She pressed the key button and the door opened. She looked back and saw Derek slowly walking down the hall, as if he was following his mother behind her scooter. 
“Hurry up!” Dara yelled. 
Derek made his way to the door and allowed his mother to enter. He followed and the door shut behind them. 
“How do we get in the pod?” Dara asked. 
Derek stepped over and pushed a few keys on the kiosk and the main door to the pod slid open. There he saw the ladder that led into the pod and looked back at his mother. “Momma, I’ll have to carry you down.”
Dara didn’t know what to do and stepped over to the ladder. She climbed down expecting to find twelve empty seats but instead found Arlo trying to figure out the controls and Simmons over his shoulder yelling directions. Behind them were two humans and another chimpanzee nervously waiting to be launched to safety. “We don’t have time,” Dara yelled up the ladder. 
Derek scrambled around the opening of the pod in a vain attempt to lift his mother out of her scooter and carry her down the ladder. It was obvious to Dara he wasn’t going to make it in time so she climbed back up the ladder and grabbed Derek by the feet tripping him, knocking him to the floor. Using her chimpanzee strength, she pulled Derek into the opening and let him fall to the floor of the escape pod. She jumped down and pressed the close button for the pod door and it slid closed and locked shut. She looked down at Derek who was holding his head and bent over to check him for injury. All she saw was a trickle of blood that ran down the back of his neck. “Are you alright?” she asked. 
Derek looked at the blood on his palm and then at Dara. “Why did you do that?”
“I didn’t want to leave you behind.”
“What about Momma?”
“She’ll be fine,” Dara replied. “Don’t worry.”
 Before Derek could reply, a computer voice stated, “Launch sequence activated. Ten seconds to departure.” 
“We need to get strapped down,” Dara said as she tugged on Derek pulling him over to one of the remaining seats. She used carbon fiber straps and a safety bar to secure him into his chair and did the same to herself as the countdown reached zero. Then she heard a metallic clank as the moorings disengaged and the ship jerked to one side before the engines kicked in and pushed the escape pod away from Omega 835. 
From where she sat she could see the mothership get smaller and smaller through a transparent aluminum window as the distance increased between them and Omega 835. She couldn’t see the nuclear warheads that were launched from Earth, but when they hit the station, they lit up her entire view with a brilliant white flash that quickly subsided into the blackness of space. 
There was no sound, there was no shockwave. And she didn’t see any debris as it vaporized most of the metal and sent what wasn’t turned into dust out into space in small pieces. 
Chapter 11
4.3 million years later
Derek woke with the sting of smoke in his eyes. He sat up and looked around and found most of the other passengers in the escape pod missing, out the hole torn in the side. They somehow had landed on semi-solid ground and the ship was on fire and no one, not even Dara was there to help him escape. Then he saw a shadow and a hairy arm reach down and grab him by the collar and pull him towards the bright light from outside. 
As he slid out of the escape pod, he felt the blazing hot sand burn his skin while being pulled to safety and deposited some thirty feet from the burning craft. He got to his feet as quickly to get away from the scalding hot sand but this shoes did little to block the searing heat. “Follow me!” Dara’s voice yelled and Derek took off after the shadow of the chimpanzee as she ran to the shade behind a small rock formation. 
The heat quickly subsided but not as much as Derek would have liked. Now a bit more lucid, he looked over to the burning escape pod half buried in the sand beneath twin suns. Suns that baked the planet from above. “What’s going on?” Derek asked. 
“We crashed,” Dara replied. She was shedding her clothing and looking for better shelter from the heat. 
“Where is everybody?”
“I saw Arlo and Simmons get out, but the others are still trapped.”
“Are you going to get them?”
“I can’t, it’s too hot and I almost didn’t get you,” Dara replied. 
The smoke from the fire rose high in the cloudless sky and drifted ever so slow away from where they were hiding from the twin suns. The horizon was flat with mountains bordering the flat plane miles away in the distance. Behind them rose a rocky outcrop of jagged sandstone formations with caves of various sizes and shapes embedded inside. 
“I see a place we can go,” Dara said and pulled on Derek. Together they ran back out into the bright sunlight and sprinted to a huge cave a football field length away. The cavern was carved out of a large sandstone formation boarded by smaller hilly rubble piles. In the blinding light it was difficult to see so they shaded their eyes revealing the tracks of Arlo and Simmons who had reached the cave first. 
The temperature dropped dramatically as they entered the cave and both Derek and Dara opened their eyes wide as the brightness subsided. From what they could see, the cave was wide and tall enough to park an airliner with room to spare. But the tracks they had followed into the cave stopped where the sand turned to sandstone and they didn’t see Arlo or Simmons. 
“Hey!” Derek called out. “Is anyone here?”
A faint recognizable voice replied, “Over here.” It was the voice of Arlo. 
Both Derek and Dara headed over towards the sound of Arlo’s voice and they found him and Simmons standing by the far cave wall. Simmons was bent over panting and Arlo was trying to fan himself with his hands.  In the cave, the breeze felt like a hair dryer. 
“What happened?” Dara asked. 
“We crashed,” Simmons replied. 
“No shit, last I knew we were floating in space in Earth orbit.”
“Last I remember was you freezing to death,” Simmons replied.
“What are you talking about?”
“We floated in space for three or four days until the engines ran out of fuel. The escape pod froze solid in an hour after that and from what I remember, I was the last one alive.”
“If we froze to death we wouldn’t be talking right now. The ice would have shred our cells and cut us into a billion pieces,” Dara said. 
“I know, but look at us, none of us are dead,” Simmons replied. 
Derek asked, “How can that be?”
“It’s a very large universe. We don’t know all the rules, or who we might have run into along the way. Maybe somebody saved us and sent us to this planet.”
Derek looked out the mouth of the cave at the burning escape pod. It looked like it was melting in the heat. “What planet is this?” Derek asked. “And what about the rest of the passengers?”
“They’re gone,” Simmons replied. “And how the fuck would I know what planet this is,” he added. “The better question is how long have we been floating in space?”
Derek instinctively looked at his watch. 
“I don’t think you’re going to find your answer there.”
Dara asked, “Don’t you think we should try to save the others?”
“Go ahead,” Arlo replied. He had no intention of saving anyone but himself.
Frustrated, Dara asked, “Were you awake when we entered the planet’s atmosphere?”
“No, why?” Arlo asked. 
“I wondered if you saw any oceans, or cities.”
“I think it would be a long shot if this planet had any water on the surface. It is way too hot,” Simmons replied. 
“So what do we do now?” Dara asked. 
Simmons looked around and saw that the cave receded much further than he imagined. In the distance the cave turned very dark and seemed to go on indefinitely. “I think our only option now is to go further into the cave and see what we can find.”
“Why not stay here? Maybe we can dig and find water?” Derek asked. 
Simmons stomped his foot on the sandstone and looked at Derek. “Dig through this? Sandstone is soft, but your fingernails won’t get you more than a few inches deep. What are you? Scared of the dark?”
“It doesn’t make sense to go into a cave when you can’t see where you’re going. I don’t see anything around here we can make a light out of.”
Simmons looked around and for as far as he could tell there wasn’t anything but sand and sandstone. “You’re right, you stay here and guard the entrance and we’ll go see what we can find.”
“You’re joking---right?” Derek asked. 
“You can stay with your girlfriend, she seems to be much more comfortable.”
Dara was embarrassed, standing naked in front of three males. “I think I might head back and get my clothes. I think it will get a lot cooler deep inside the cave.”
“That’s probably a good idea,” Arlo said. “We’ll wait here for you,” he added with a grin. 
Dara looked away and took off back towards the wreck. The three males sat down and rested, none of them offering to lend her a hand or help in any way. 
“We’re a bunch of pricks,” Derek said. “I should have got her clothes for her. I’m not covered in long hair like she is.”
“Don’t worry about her,” Arlo said. “She’ll be fine.”
“I didn’t take you for the chivalrous type anyway,” Derek said. 
“What do you mean by that?” Arlo asked. He could tell Derek was trying to push his buttons. 
“You’re all about yourself,” Derek replied. “But that won’t work down here. I don’t see any gorillas around here you can indoctrinate.”
Feigning anger, Arlo snapped, “I’m leaving,” He stood up and expected Derek to tell him to stop but he didn’t. “If you need me, I’ll be cooling off inside the cave.”
“I don’t think I’ll be needing you,” Derek said. He picked up a sandstone and threw it against the wall. It made a click sound and bounced back hitting the hard cave floor scattering into smaller pieces. “Are you going with him?” Derek asked Simmons.
“No, I think I’ll wait for the female.”
“Here name is Dara,” Derek replied. 
Arlo took a few steps towards the dark end of the cave and stopped. They called his bluff and now he walked back. 
“What’s wrong?” Derek asked. “Get lost?” 
“I changed my mind, I don’t think it’s a good to get separated at this point.”
“Whatever,” Derek replied. He looked out to the bright end of the cave and saw Dara running back with her clothes in her arms. It didn’t take long before she was out of the bright sun and back in the shade. She stopped when she got back to Derek and bent over panting like a dog. 
“This heat is awful,” Dara said between breaths. “I need a drink.”
“We all do,” Simmons replied. “We’ll dehydrate very quickly in these conditions. If we don’t find liquid water in twelve hours, we’re probably going to die.”
“Liquid water? Do you think there’s water around here?” Arlo asked with a smirk. 
“There’s a very good chance there’s water ice deeper in the cave,” Simmons replied. “I don’t suppose you know anything about geology.”
“No, not really,” Arlo replied. “They didn’t teach that in munitions training.” 
Derek and Simmons stood up and joined the other two who were preparing to journey deep inside the dark abyss while Dare dressed. The walls and ceiling of the cave were rough, cragged reddish in color and the floor was littered with sandstone debris that fell from the ceiling over the years in various piles of width and height. “I wonder how safe it is in here?” Derek asked. He didn’t expect an answer. “We could get hit by falling rocks at any time. Sandstone isn’t known for its strength.” 
“Isn’t sandstone formed in water?” Dara asked. 
Simmons replied, “Yes, but it can also be formed from the pressure of the sedimentary rocks from above. It contains calcium carbonate, iron oxide and quartz. The iron oxide gives it the reddish brown color. Why do you ask?”
“I thought if it formed in water, that may mean there is water nearby,” Dara replied. 
“Like I said before, ice can stay stable in caves, there are many examples back on Earth. So I suggest we be moving on and finding some.”
Then just as Derek was turning to walk deeper into the cave, he noticed a long shadow on the floor move ever so slightly. The only light source was from the cave entrance so he instinctively turned to see and what he saw took his breath away. Back lit by the bright light from outside, he saw three figures, each mounted on horseback standing close to fifteen feet tall. The horses alone were nine to ten feet tall with the riders extending another five or six feet more. They stood motionless at the mouth of the cave like Greek statues. 
“What the fuck?” Derek said under his breath. 
Dara, Simmons and Arlo looked at Derek and saw him looking back at the cave entrance. In unison the three apes turned and saw what Derek was looking at. “Looks like we have a welcoming committee,” Arlo said. 
One of the three riders advanced into the cave out of the bright light and into the shade. As the horse entered its hooves clip clopped on the hard sandstone floor with a hollow sound. The uneven surface of the cave dampened most of the echo but there was still a reverberation that bounced around the cavern. It was then they noticed the figure was a bare breasted female with long flowing brown hair. She had a long spear on her left side mounted to her saddle and on her right, attached to a belt was a long sheathed sword. Her knee high boots looked to be made of leather, and her skirt made of some sort of mottled cream and brown colored cloth. 
Derek and the three apes stood motionless waiting for the woman to make contact. Instead she motioned for the other two riders to enter the cave. They too were female, dressed and armed in a similar fashion. The only difference was one had dirty blonde hair instead of brown and was slightly taller than the others. As they moved in closer, the clopping sounds of their horse’s hooves on the hard sandstone floor bounced around the room until they came to a stop next to the leader. Derek assumed they had seen the smoke from the crash, had come to investigate and found the footprints that led to the cave. Now they stood twenty yards away peering down upon them. 
Derek felt since he was the only human that he should be the one to make contact so he took a step forward judging the three rider’s reactions. If they pulled weapons, he’d run. The women didn’t flinch so Derek continued until he had moved ten yards further. He then stopped again and slowly raised his arms indicating he wanted to make contact. The action also indicated he was unarmed. “Hello,” he stated and lowered his arms. 
The women turned and spoke among themselves in whispers. Then the leader turned back and said, “Who are you?”
Derek was actually surprised she spoke English let alone looked human and rode the biggest horse he had ever seen. “My name is Derek,” he replied. 
“Was that your ship?” the woman asked. 
“Yes.”
“Where are you from?”
“We’re from Earth,” Derek replied. 
The woman again spoke to her companions. She turned back and asked, “Where is Earth?”
“From here? I don’t know. We were adrift in space for a long time.”
“Where are your females?”
The question struck Derek odd. “Dara, she’s female,” Derek replied. 
The woman didn’t seem to understand which of the apes he was referring to. “She’s the chimpanzee.”
“What’s a chimpanzee?” the woman asked. 
“The smaller one with the black hair,” Derek said pointing to Dara. 
Dara was obviously nervous being singled out. “Don’t do that,” she whispered. 
“She looks like an animal,” the woman said. 
“She’s half human, half ape.”
Again the woman turned and conversed with the other two. This time the conversation took a heated tone and lasted longer. She again addressed Derek, “Are there any females of your kind?”
“No, I’m the only human. The other two died in the wreck. Why does it matter?”
The woman signaled her horse to move in closer and the huge beast complied. The closer the horse and rider got, the more massive they seemed to be with the backdrop of the cave behind her. Up close she looked like a giant. She wore no metal jewelry, but had a cloth necklace and bracelet. Derek assumed it was because metal would absorb too much heat. But then the three women and their horses didn’t seem to be bothered at all by the scalding temperature outside the cave. “You will come with us,” the woman stated. There was no question, no report, just the statement of fact. 
“Who are you?” Derek asked. “And what is this place?”
“You can call me master,” the woman replied. 
“Master?” Derek asked. “What do you mean by that?”
“We hold males in very low regard. I can’t remember the last time I spoke to one. And as far as your female goes, she’s no better than a pet.”
“A pet?” Dara asked. “How dare you?” she barked back. Nothing infuriated her more than being compared to a dog or cat. 
Arlo took a step forward and tried to look imposing. Compared to the three women on horseback, he looked insignificant. “What makes you think we’ll come with you?” he said with his chest puffed and arms pulled back. 
“My orders are to bring you back dead or alive,” the woman stated. “We’re not going to let you have free reign over our planet.”
“Where would you take us? Is there water there?” Derek asked. He was concerned for everyone’s safety. 
“You will be taken care of, until we can decide what to do with you.”
Arlo puffed his chest but Derek interrupted him before he could make an ass of himself. “We’d do the same thing if an alien craft landed on Earth and you know it. We’d hunt it down and probably kill it out of fear and hang it up on a rack for the world to see. At least they haven’t tried to hurt us.”
“Yet,” Arlo replied. 
“You can do whatever you want, I’m going to take my chances with them.”
“You do realize that giving up your freedom for perceived safety is what you are doing,” Simmons stated. I think your famous founding father Benjamin Franklin said that. You might want to reconsider.”
The woman looked to the other women to judge their reactions. She was satisfied they’d have to use force if the alien arrivals didn’t comply soon. “When the suns go down you can begin your journey to Manella,” she stated to Derek and the others. 
“Is that where you’re from? Manella?” Derek asked. 
“Yes, it is known as the city between three mountains. Our homeland.”
“What are you going to do with us if we go?”
“You’ll meet with Idola Stathi, our queen. She will be interested in what you are and why you have come.”
“We crash landed, can’t you see?”
“Yes, but that still doesn’t explain why you were visiting our world.”
“We had no control over where we were headed, we landed here by accident.”
“That is your story. No man can be trusted to tell the truth.”
Silence.
“How far away is Manella?” 
“Not far,” the woman replied. 
“Maybe not far to you on those horses, but the nearest mountain I saw looked fifty miles or more away. That’s a long way for four dehydrated primates to travel. And what is the temperature when the suns go down? It can get to freezing on Earth.”
“You will be transported by magic. You won’t have to walk far, just to the transportation station.”
Derek looked back to the other three to gauge their reactions. They all had blank looks on their faces and didn’t seem to indicate they cared at this point. They all needed water and there was no guarantee there was any deeper in the cave, and the chances of these armed women killing them was too great to gamble on. They had nothing and the women held all the cards. “What is your name?” Derek asked. 
The woman looked down on Derek like she didn’t feel she needed to reply, but she did anyway to get him to comply. My name is Megara, the one to my right is Anastasia and to my left is Celandia. We are all guards of the Queendom of Manella. 
Chapter 12
Idola Stathi
The trip to Menella was as the women stated, short and without trouble. They traveled maybe a mile to the transport station where they were whipped through the air by magic, or electromagnetic waves as Derek perceived it to a receiving station near the entrance to the palace. There they were led into the citadel and up a set of stairs carved out of sandstone, over a magnificently decorated bridge and into the huge palace main hall. The four astronauts were stunned by the beauty of the hanging stalactites and upward growing stalagmites that surrounded the Queens thrown that rose thirty feet in the air. The throne was surrounded by twelve bare breasted tall women, dressed with burgundy capes that hung down to the floor with long spears at their sides that towered upright overhead.
Flanking the thrown on a lower level were two galleries filled with bronze vested warrior women standing in formation, dressed black leather chlamys adorned with copper and silver. And on the ground floor below stood two magnificent stone horses adorned with gold and silver. There were no men to be found anywhere and that made Derek nervous. The cavern was warm, but not as warm as the cave they used for shelter. He assumed the women evolved to tolerate the heat and surroundings and had no problem with the adverse temperature. 
When they stepped onto the palace floor, they were offered water which they drank like a dry sponge. There was no music, no fanfare, just the whistle of the wind as it meandered through the cave system. When the four primate’s thirsts were quenched, Megara led them to the center of the palace floor where the Queen could look down upon them. “Your highness, I bring you trespassers,” Megara stated and stepped back. 
“Trespassers?” Arlo asked. “That’s not what happened.”
Megara kicked Arlo in the lower back and shoved him onto his face on the floor. “You will only speak when spoken to,” she stated with a firm clenched jaw.
Arlo stood up and held back from attacking the six foot eight woman. He knew he could take her, but not all of them at the same time. He turned back and looked up at the Queen. 
“Who speaks for you?” the Queen asked. 
Derek didn’t hesitate. He had been the unofficial spokesperson since they landed. “Me, your honor.”
The Queen chuckled. “Your honor? You may address me as Your Queen.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Derek replied and expected a kick in the back. It didn’t happen. “I’m sorry, I mean My Queen.”
“That’s better,” the Queen replied. “Where do you come from?” she asked. 
“I, I mean we come from Earth,” Derek replied. 
“Where is Earth located?”
“I don’t know where I am so I can’t tell you.”
“You can’t or you won’t?”
“We were lost in space, for how long I don’t know.”
“Are there more of you coming?”
“No, we were alone.”
“How do I know you aren’t a scout for a much larger army? An army bent on our destruction?”
“You don’t I suppose, you’ll have to take my word for it,” Derek replied. 
“And what is your word worth?” the Queen asked. “Is it worth the life of one of your companions?”
“Of course,” Derek replied. 
The Queen motioned for a guard to single out one of the other three and Simmons was shoved out in front of Arlo. 
“What’s his name?” the Queen asked. 
“Ask him,” Derek replied. 
The Queen wasn’t happy that Derek didn’t give her a name but she held back her fury. “Fine, I will. What’s your name, you orange colored beast?”
“My name is Simmons,” the orangutan replied. 
The Queen looked at Derek. “Do you name all your pets?”
“I’m not anyone’s pet!” Simmons yelled. “I’m the smartest ape you’ll find anywhere!”
“Is that a good thing to be? A smart ape? Is that like a smart stone, or a smart gust of wind?” she asked with a grin. 
“You live in a fucking cave. I used to live on a space station. I think if anyone here is backwards it’s you.” Simmons replied. He risked his life with every word uttered. 
“So you think living in space makes you better than me? Better than my Queendom?”
“I know if I were lost on a miserable boiling hot rock like this I’d rather have me by my side than you.”
Silence as the wind whistled throughout the cave. It felt like everyone held their breath at the same time waiting for the Queen to explode. 
“You think you’re pretty smart?” the Queen asked. Her tone was direct, not angry or forceful.
“My I.Q. is over four hundred.”
“What’s an I.Q.?”
“Exactly,” Simmons replied with a smile. 
The Queen paused a moment to think. She didn’t like being made a fool, but she enjoyed the banter. “I think I’d very much like to make you my personal house pet. Put you on a leash and let you run around the back yard along with my other pets.”
“I don’t think so…” Simmons stated. He was flat in his tone and didn’t flinch a muscle. 
“Of course we’d have to shave off that disgusting fur and work on your temper.”
“Apes have hair, not fur.”
“Regardless, you’d die in a week in this heat. I can see what it’s doing to you now. To all of you. Give them more water.”
Two guards brought over water and gave it to Derek, Dara, Arlo and Simmons. The group drank the containers dry and handed them back.
“I was told one of you is female, which is it?” 
Dara raised her hand. She was pissed the Queen couldn’t tell her apart from the male apes but didn’t let it show. 
“I would like to keep you as a pet as well. You may be disgusting, but at least you’re not male.”
Derek pipped up, “Where are your males?”
“Locked away---for when I need them.”
“What’s your problem with males?”
“They make life---difficult. It has been our way for as long as recorded time. Males are only used for breeding purposes. We only keep enough to maintain our population. And no, it’s not what you think, all breeding is done artificially.”
“Fun,” Derek replied. 
“So as you can see, I have no need for you, or the larger creature next to you.”
“His name is Arlo.” Derek looked over to Arlo and whispered, if you can do your magic, now is the time.”
Arlo gave Derek a curious look, and then realized what he was talking about. 
“Your majesty Queen Idola Stathi,” Arlo said. How he remembered her name was beyond him but he nailed it. “I would like to tell you how magnificent your palace looks. It pales in comparison to your beauty which can only be described as the most stunning face in the galaxy, or should I say, the universe. I knew when we arrived that we were in a very special place and now that I have met you I know my suspicions were correct. I would be honored to serve you in any capacity you wish so that I may be a part of such a wonderful fantastic Queendom.”
The Queen knew Arlo was feeding her a line of bullshit but she liked to hear it anyway. “What do you think of my guards?”
“They are also very beautiful, but fail in comparison to you. In fact, they complement you and enhance your beauty even more.”
“And my army?”
Arlo looked to his right and then to his left viewing the hundred or so tall warrior females and back up to the Queen. “They aspire to be as beautiful as you my Queen.”
“You are very good at what you do,” the Queen said. “I don’t usually care for ass kissers, but you raised it to a new level.”
“Please don’t assume I’m trying to save myself. No one wants to die, but I want to live in a land that is as beautiful as it is magnificent. And I want to be close to you, to be your loyal servant. It would be my pleasure to be a personal attendant and your mirror.”
The Queen paused for a moment and pondered her decision. “If I keep you, what am I going to do with your hairless companion?”
“You can add him to your breeding stock,” Arlo replied. 
“What makes you think he could interbreed with us?”
“You look the same,” Arlo replied 
“Ha, you’re so funny. You think anyone not covered from head to toe in fur looks the same. I’m fairly sure he could breed with us as much as he could with the furry female you brought with you.”
“I’m sorry your highness, I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“You don’t have to apologize, you’re saved. I just don’t know what to do with him.”
Derek needed to assert himself before he was tossed out with the trash. So he said, “My name is Derek,” he replied. “And I’d like to live.”
“I bet you would. But unfortunately, I have no need for you,” the Queen replied as she examined her fingernails. She needed them trimmed and colored. 
“There must be a service I can provide. I’m an engineer.”
“Can you design magnificent structures such as this and build them for me?”
Derek had no architectural schooling, but he thought maybe he could buy some time if he lied. “Yes, I can do that.”
The Queen seemed to sense a lie in Derek’s tone. But she wasn’t sure. “I’ll give you a chance. I need a mausoleum built and none of my staff has come up with a suitable design.”
This was just the crack Derek was hoping for. “Just give me a chance and I’ll see what I can do,” Derek replied. 
“You need to do better than to ‘see what you can do.’ You need to provide me with what I need or I will leave you out in the heat to melt,” the Queen said. She raised her right arm and stated, “Take the furry ones to the zoo and clean them up. Then take the female and the orange one to my personal kennel and the larger one to my home. Take the hairless one to the builders and instruct them he is to design my mausoleum. I have spoken.”
Anastasia and Celandia led Derek away from the palace and back to the bridge. Dara, Arlo and Simmons were taken the opposite direction and led out of Derek’s sight to the zoo. At the bridge Derek was led down a set of stairs and into a cave cut out of the sandstone. The cave became a tunnel that ran the length of a school bus and divided into a T section. One tunnel led to the right and the other to the left. Derek was directed to the right to a chamber that ended under the Queens thrown. Light poured down from small tunnels cut out from the outside. It wasn’t bright, but lit enough to work by. 
When he arrived he was met by three females who were working on various building designs on parchment on a sandstone table. There were several models set up of different styles of buildings and drawings hanging on the walls. On the sandstone desk were various kinds of drafting tools laying around in no particular arrangement. 
“Who’s the male?” one of the female architects asked. 
“He claims he’s a designer. “The Queen wants him to design the new mausoleum.”
“What?” the woman asked. She seemed offended. “I was working on that.”
“I’m only the messenger,” Anastasia replied holding up a palm as to tell her to back off.
“What makes her think this male can do better than I?”
Nobody answered. 
“What’s your name?” Derek asked the architect.
“What difference is it of yours?” she replied. 
“It will make it easier for us to work together.”
The woman turned and walked away. She paused and turned back. “My name is Evangelia,” the woman replied with distain. “What makes you think we’ll work together? You seem to have some magic that I don’t possess.”
“I don’t use magic but I will need to learn your ways of measurement and how to use your tools. I’m not familiar with your ways.”
“Then why’d you tell the Queen you did?” Evangelia asked. “You lied.”
“I told her I had design skills, but I will need help creating them so the workers can build.”
“Figure it out yourself,” Evangelia replied waving Derek off like he was an annoying fly. 
“Please, my life depends on it.”
Hearing those words perked up Evangelia. “So it does,” she stated. “And what will I get in return?”
“You will have a mausoleum worthy of your Queen.”
“No, I mean what will I personally get out of it?”
“What do you want of me?” Derek asked. 
Evangelia stepped around the table and pushed a marking tool along the top as she thought to herself. She looked down upon the much shorter male who was now at her mercy. Derek tried to look up but her breasts were at eye level and he didn’t want to give the impression he was looking at them. She noticed how hard he was trying to avoid them averting his stare. Only the warrior women had their breasts covered, the rest proudly displayed them as any man would his chest. “You like?” she asked. 
“I’m not interested,” Derek replied. 
“You’re a man, of course you’re interested. Take a look, a nice long look.” Evangelia stated as she stared into Derek’s eyes and waited for them to move down to her breasts. Derek didn’t break his concentration and continued to look into her dark brown eyes. “I admire your conviction. You did as you said.”
“I’m here to work on the mausoleum and that’s all. I have no interest in you in that way,” Derek replied. 
“Then maybe I should geld you if that’s what you really want.” Evangelia was having fun at Derek’s expense. 
“May we work on the project?” Derek asked. He continued to lock eyes on hers. 
“Fine, we can look at my plans…”
“The Queen wants me to start fresh,” Derek interrupted. 
Evangelia stopped dead in her tracks. No man disrespected her, not even through the words of her Queen. “Start fresh? Fine, fresh it is,” she stated and swiped the measuring tools from the table onto the floor. “Do as you wish, but expect no assistance from me!” she snapped and left the room. 
Chapter 13
Three weeks later
On the sandstone table were a dozen or so sketches of what Derek though the Queen might like for her mausoleum. She didn’t visit and she didn’t call for him to show her the designs so he was frustrated working blind. Evangelia often would look over Derek’s shoulder to see what he was working on and he noticed she was often jealous but never said a word out loud. Her glare was enough to assure him she envied his raw talent, especially after being forced to teach himself how to use the primitive drafting tools available. 
But today was different. Today he would be allowed to travel to the site where the mausoleum would be built and that gave him confidence he would be able to come with a design the Queen would like. He was told he would be leaving on the trip at the end of the day when the suns would be low on the horizon and the temperature would be tolerable. Since there was no way to convert their measurement of distance, he didn’t know exactly how far he was going or how he was getting there. Would it be by ‘magic’ again, by horse or by other means? He’d have to wait a bit longer to find out as it was approaching the end of the day. 
As Derek was preparing to leave, Evangelia and another architect named Sophronia entered the room and tossed a set of leather pants on the table and a matching pair of gloves and boots. “Put these on, you’ll need them,” Sophronia said. 
Derek picked up a glove and examined it. “This is heavy leather, why do I need to wear this?”
“For the ride,” Evangelia replied.
“We’re not transporting to the build site?”
“No, the army will provide us transportation and security. The ‘magical’ transport as you call it is for single long distance travel and requires much power. The army uses a Dheormith for transportation. A type of flying reptile.”
“Does it breathe fire?” Derek asked. 
“No, why would it?” Evangelia asked. 
“Sounds like what we on Earth call a dragon. Only our dragons breathe fire.”
“Have you ridden such a beast?”
“No, they are make believe. But I wish.”
“You will get your chance today, put on the clothes and we will go.”
The two tall women didn’t give Derek any privacy as he undressed and redressed with the new clothes. He wondered how they managed to create the garments for a male who was much shorter and stockier than they were. Then he found out, the pants were too long, the shirt too large and the gloves too tight. “Why do I have to wear this stuff anyway? I thought it was going to be cooler outside.”
“The skin of the Dheormith is sharp and jagged like broken stone. If you don’t wear the riding gear, you will be cut to pieces before you arrive,” Sophronia replied. “With the riding gear, you still may have cuts. They are good for one, maybe two rides before you must discard them.”
Derek tried hard to fit the gloves and managed to get them almost to his fingertips. 
Sophronia stepped over and grabbed a glove by the collar and yanked them on the rest of the way. Derek fell to his knees in pain and tried to pull them off. “Put some water on them, they will stretch,” she said and handed Derek the water ladle. 
“You do it,” Derek pleaded and Sophronia dunked the ladle into a barrel of water and poured it on the gloved hand. As the water penetrated the thick leather, it gave and the pressure reduced. “Oh God thank you,” he said and she did the same for the other glove. 
“We need to get going,” Evangelia stated. 
Derek and Sophronia followed Evangelia out into the hall and down a long set of stairs. At the bottom she turned and led them through another tunnel and then another until they finally arrived at the stable. To Derek’s amazement, he saw a long hall with a high ceiling filled with individual animal pens. The three closest pens each contained a Dheormith, a dragon like creature that sat like a sphinx on a bed of straw. The next few pens were empty and towards the end there were four more Dheormiths each in a pen of their own. To the right along the walkway was another animal being led towards them towards the open cave door. The animal had a huge set of wings and walked on four legs like a cat. Each one had a saddle with stirrups and a bridal. 
“You don’t expect me to ride that by myself do you?” Derek asked. 
“No, you will sit behind me,” Sophronia replied. “Evangelia and Tressa will ride with us. 
“Will we have military escort?”
“We won’t require escort to where we are going. The Dheormith will keep us safe.”
“I’ve overheard talk of an enemy that lives on the other side of the mountains, but no one has ever told me who they are or why you find them a threat.”
“They are the providence of the military, we builders have no need to be involved. And we have not had a conflict in many years.” 
“But who are they?”
A voice replied that Derek didn’t recognize. It emanated from a soldier who had been listening to the conversation. “They are the Gadian Empire and they reside on the other side of the Eshurean mountain range.”
“Why were you fighting with them? Were they trying to take your land?”
“No, just the opposite. We were the aggressors and were trying to take over their empire and absorb it into ours,” the solder replied. 
“So you’re the bad guys,” Derek replied.
“I suppose you could call us that.”
“What stopped you?”
“It’s difficult to mount an offensive so far away on the other side of the mountains. Each time we attack they were able to repel our aggression and now we’re in a time of rebuilding. I expect us to make another attempt before the season changes.”
“How often does that happen?”
“We measure our time by the seasons, I don’t know how to translate our time into something you understand.”
“Let’s say, it won’t be soon,” Derek said. 
“No, not soon,” the soldier replied. “I estimate our planet will travel half way in its orbit between our twin suns before any attempt will be made.”
“Why doesn’t your planet have a name?” Derek asked. 
“Why would we give it a name?” the solder asked. “It is a rock in space.”
“Touché,” Derek replied. 
“If we’re all ready, we need to get going,” Sophronia said. “We can’t mount until we’re out of the cave, in case the Dheormith is spooked.”
Derek followed Sophronia out of the cave into the hot air outside. The suns were lower on the horizon and the air was getting cooler, but it still felt like a good one hundred and five degrees. Then Derek saw something that stunned him and left him numb in his tracks. About a hundred yards outside the door of the stable by the entrance to the palace, he saw three figures skewered atop three poles backlit against the suns. The shadows the three figures cast dark lines on the sand that jutted out like a fork towards him. Although he was a football field away, recognized the outline of his three former companions and watched the hair on each of their bodies waving in the breeze. 
“Dara,” was all he could mutter. Derek didn’t give a shit about Arlo or Simmons, but he had a deep attachment to Dara and in the moment refused to believe she was dead. 
Evangelia noticed that Derek had stopped walking and his gaze was locked in a stare. She shaded her eyes and looked towards where Derek was staring and noticed the three dead bodies hung up on the poles. She had enough empathy not to say anything but it wouldn’t last long. “We need to get going,” she said. 
Without thinking, Derek took off running towards the palace entrance to get a closer look. The further he ran, the more in focus the bodies became until he was upon the death scene and on his knees. The searing heat had dehydrated the apes into leather and there was no decomposition. There simply wasn’t enough water to allow bacteria to work. 
There was no sound other than the wind blowing over the sand and Derek’s whimpers as he fought back tears. 
He didn’t see Evangelia as she walked up behind him. “Those were your friends?” she asked. 
“Yes, I came here with them,” Derek replied with tears running down his cheeks. 
Evangelia looked up to the three dead apes and then back down to Derek. “Why do you cry over them? They were animals.”
Without thinking, Derek stood and turned to face Evangelia. “They were more than animals. They were intelligent beings, with thoughts and feelings.”
“You sound like you lost a pet. You’ll get over it.”
“Stop calling them pets!” Derek yelled. His anger built up more as Evangelia antagonized him. 
“We need to get going, the suns will be down soon and you won’t be able to view the building site.”
“Fuck your building site,” Derek replied. 
“You say that now, but if you don’t do as your Queen commands, you will join your friends on the stake.”
Derek looked up at Dara and then back down at Evangelia. “If they wanted to kill them, why be so cruel about it?”
“You don’t know what cruel is. That is considered a merciful death.”
The hot breeze blew Evangelia’s long hair and whipped it across her face into her eye. She pulled the hair back and waited for Derek to calm down. He didn’t. 
“Fine, let’s go take a look at this shithole so I can make your Queen happy.”
“She’s your Queen as well, and you should address her as such.”
Derek raised his arms and let them slap against his sides as if to say ‘I give up.’ “You’re Queen, my Queen, who gives a fuck?” Derek said as he walked back to where the two Dheormiths were waiting with Sophronia and Tressa. 
Chapter 14
The next day
The whistling of the breeze blowing through the hall was Derek’s reminder of how alone he was. He sat at the sandstone table in the architect’s office looking at his drawings lost in a daze wondering what his life would be like without Dara. He didn’t know her long, but she was the best friend he had and now she was gone. He had no desire to work on the mausoleum project and Evangelia and Sophronia both took notice. He felt maybe it was better to will himself to death rather than pretend to be something he wasn’t in order to stay alive. Alive for what?

“Derek, honey,” a woman’s voice called out from the hall. 
Immediately Derek perked up. He thought he recognized the voice of his mother but wasn’t sure with the hollow tone produced by the sandstone tunnel. He stood up and walked over to the entrance of the passageway and looked expecting to see something, if not his mother one of the other architects or a soldier. But there was no one in the hall. Maybe he was hearing voices again, it wouldn’t have been the first time. Then he heard the voice call out to him again, this time from behind. He spun around to see his Momma, Agnus sitting in her motor scooter across the sandstone table facing him. 
“Momma?” Derek asked. “Is that you?”
“Of course it’s me honey, I’ve been looking for you everywhere.”
“How did you find me?”
“I followed your breadcrumbs.”
“Breadcrumbs? I don’t understand.”
“You don’t have to understand Derek, the important thing is that we’re together again. You left me and I was lonely without you.”
“I’m so sorry Momma, I didn’t mean to go. I was tricked by a spy and sent on a wild goose chase.”
Then Derek heard another familiar voice call to him from an adjacent tunnel. The voice was that of the Russian spy Valentina Petrov, thinner and still wearing the same black outfit and the telescopic cigarette holder. “There was no wild goose chase Derek and you know it.” Valentina said.  “The Congresswoman did as I said she would and tried to revoke your second amendment rights and take your guns. I’m not responsible for what occurred afterwards.”
Hearing the Russian spy’s words reminded Derek of his former stomach condition. He no longer needed to use the bathroom ten times a day and attributed the change to a secret operation that replaced his original organs. An operation that took place when he was unconscious on Omega 835. 
“How’d you get here?” Derek asked. “This isn’t Earth.”
“The same way your mother did, tele-transportation. We were both broadcast by radio waves across the universe to this planet.”
“By whom?”
“Aliens,” Valentina replied. 
“I don’t believe you,” Derek said. 
“How else can you explain it?”
Derek shook trying to make sense of what was going on. “You weren’t sent by aliens, you’re an alien,” he replied. 
Valentina hesitated. “And your mother as well?”
Derek looked at his mother and squinted his eyes trying to figure out if the woman in the scooter was actually his mother. “No, that’s Momma, I know it.”
“That makes no sense Derek, how can I be an alien but not her. You said yourself this isn’t Earth.”
“I don’t know how to explain it, but I know my Momma. I don’t know you. Momma was with me on Omega 835, that last time I saw you was back on Earth. Momma may have got a ride on an escape pod after I left and followed me here.”
The Russian spy took a few steps into the room and tapped the ash off her cigarette. She blew smoke and leaned over placing her hands atop the table. Her blood red fingernails complimented the red hued sandstone. “What is the last thing you remember when you were back on the Earth?” she asked. 
Derek didn’t have to think hard. “I was in court, suing the doctor who cut me and transplanted sick organs into my body.”
“Really?” Valentina asked. “Raise your shirt,” she commanded. 
“Leave my boy alone,” Agnus said. “Can’t you see he’s hurting?”
Valentina stood back up and placed the cigarette holder back between her teeth. “Do it Derek,” she said cold and flat. 
Derek reached down and slowly lifted his shirt above his nipples. 
“Do you notice anything different?” Valentina asked with a grin. 
Derek rubbed his fingers over his chest and abdomen looking for the surgical scars. They were gone. “Where did my scars go?” Derek asked. 
“You never had scars, the surgery was done on your twin. The twin I created in my lab,” Valentina replied. 
“I have a twin?”
“You have more than that, I created a hundred clones of you, all so I could experiment at my will.”
Derek looked to his mother. “Is that true Momma? Am I a clone of myself?”
“No dear, she is filling your head with lies. Don’t believe a word she tells you.”
“But Momma, the scars are gone.”
“They just look gone, but they will come back,” Agnus said trying to comfort her son. 
Derek pulled his shirt down and said to Valentina. “Why’d you come back, what do you want with me now?”
“I want you to finish your mission, to assassinate Congresswoman Beth Thompson.”
“But her bill didn’t pass,” Derek replied. “Not even close.”
“She has grown stronger Derek. She not only wants to take away your guns, she wants to take away all of your rights,” Valentina replied. “She wants to enslave you and rule you like a Queen.”
“I already have that here,” Derek replied. “Her name is Idola Stathi.”
“She’s one in the same, in different form and on a different planet.”
“You’re saying she’s the same person?”
“Yes Derek, and you need to kill her.”
Derek had a hard time processing all this new information. He leaned back against the wall and looked down at his mother. “Is she right Momma?”
“I don’t know Derek,” Agnus replied. 
“She’s making sense, the Queen killed my friend and I have no rights here.”
Valentina tapped the ash again off her cigarette. As she blew smoke she replied, “You need to kill her as soon as possible. Can you do that?”
“She’s surrounded by armed guards, there’s no way I could kill her.”
“Can you get her alone?”
“They’ve kept me in this room and in a small living quarter for as long as I’ve been here. They always post a guard nearby,” Derek replied. 
“Then you have to be clever.”
Derek shook his head. “You don’t understand. This place is like a prison. And they have no problem killing. My best friend was hung out on a steak to die along with three others. And for what I never found out.”
“There must be a way. You have to think hard and come up with a plan. You can’t let her live.”
“That’s easy for you to say, why don’t you kill her? You’d fit in better, this place is all women, they hate men. Fuck, I haven’t seen one since I got here.”
“I can’t do it, these women would figure me out immediately. They all stand over six feet tall, I’m barely over five feet tall.” 
“You’re asking the impossible, I could never gain access.”
“You’re not using your imagination. What is it you do here?” Valentina asked. 
“I was designing a mausoleum for the Queen, but no longer,” Derek replied. 
“Why? Because they murdered your friend?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t waste the opportunity. At some time the Queen will want you to present your designs to her. You can use that time as your chance to assassinate her.”
“Do you expect me to run up to her and strangle her with my bare hands?” Derek asked. 
“No, I expect you to use the bomb that was implanted in your head and blow her sky high!” Valentina replied. Her voice was loud and scared Derek.  
“What bomb are you talking about?”
“Ask your mother, she knows.”
Derek looked over at his mother with his jaw agape in curious wonderment. “What is she talking about Momma? Is there a bomb in my brain?”
Agnus was slow to respond and kept her eyes averted towards the sandstone floor. She sat silent and bit her upper lip trying to think of the proper response to Derek’s question. The proper response eluded her so she replied, “I don’t know, maybe.”
“What do you mean maybe?” Derek asked. 
Agnus slowly looked up and made eye contact with her son. She hesitated and replied, “When you were a baby, the doctor placed a bomb inside your head. It wasn’t my choice, all babies that were born at that time had them implanted. In case of war.”
Derek looked over at Valentina. “They turned me into a suicide bomber?”
“It was the times you were born in Derek, you have to understand. It was the cold war and we needed every advantage we could come up with.”
“How come the bomb never went off? I must have hit my head sometime as a child,” Derek asked. 
“The bomb can only be activated by remote control,” Valentina replied. She reached into her pocket and retrieved a small black box about the size of cigarette lighter. On one side was a red button and a blinking yellow light. 
“Is that it?” Derek asked. 
“Yes,” Valentina replied. “All you have to do is get within twenty feet of her and I can set off the bomb.”
Derek was confused and shaken. Everything he knew was wrong and now he was coming to the realization that he had been impregnated with a bomb inside his head for the sole purpose of killing enemies of the United States. 
“When the Queen requests to see your plans for her mausoleum, I will set off the bomb and your mission will be complete,” Valentina stated. 
Agnus spoke up, “How will you get close enough to set it off? You said yourself you wouldn’t fit in.”
Valentina was surprised by Agnus’s question. She had a valid point but was afraid Derek wouldn’t be brave enough to set off the bomb himself if the opportunity arose. But there was no other option, Derek would have to carry the detonator and set it off himself when he was close enough to the Queen to kill her. “Derek, you’ll have to do it.”
Derek looked at Valentina like she was crazy. “You can’t expect me to set that off? There’s no way.”
“If you want your mother to live in a free world, you’ll have to do it. Do you understand?”
Derek looked over at his mother and nodded his head. “Yes, I understand.” 
Chapter 15
Disposed 
The day finally arrived when Derek was to present his plans for a mausoleum to Queen Idola Stathi at the palace. He had his drawings completed and created a small plaster model for her to view that accurately depicted the layout and structure of the design. Inside the model, hidden from view was the detonator Valentia gave him for the bomb hidden inside his head. He was careful not to allow the button side to lie flat against the papyrus base the model was mounted on and carried the piece like he was walking on eggshells. 
Two guards led Derek from the architect’s room, down the halls, up the stairs and onto the palace floor. When he arrived at the center of the palace, below the Queen, the two guards separated and took their places at the ends. The Queen was sitting high above Derek on her throne looking down upon him waiting for him to arrive. From this distance, he had little chance of harming the Queen, let alone kill her with the bomb in his head. 
“My Queen, may I approach and show you the plans up close?” Derek asked. 
The Queen motioned for two of her personal guards to leave her and go down to the floor below where Derek was waiting. She didn’t reply to Derek’s question.
“Did you not hear me?” Derek asked. 
The Queen again didn’t reply. Then the two guards approached Derek and one stated, “Come with us.”
Derek was taken aback by the rudeness of the guard and looked up to the Queen one more time. “Do you not want me to explain my design to you?”
“Take him away,” the Queen commanded and the two guards motioned for Derek to follow. He begrudgingly made his way off the palace floor and followed one guard, the other followed behind him. “What’s going on?” Derek asked. He received no reply. He was then led down a long corridor and turned right down another. He could see bright light at the end of the tunnel and knew he was heading outdoors. He hadn’t been out in the day sun since the day he arrived and the heat was already baking his feet on the hard sandstone floor. 
“You need to take me back,” Derek said. “The Queen won’t understand my plans unless I explain them to her. I have secret chambers that only I know of.”
The guards kept walking and led Derek out into the bright noon sun. The temperature was hovering around one thirty and the heat felt like a blast furnace on his exposed skin. In front of him, in the glare of the twin suns he saw a stake rising from the sand. “What’s going on?” Derek asked. 
“The Queen is done with you,” one of the guards replied. “You are being disposed of.”
“No, you can’t,” Derek pleaded. He looked back up to the stake that rose twenty feet into the air and had no idea how they would skewer him upon it. Then he saw a Dheormith gliding in a heat swell somewhere over the blazing hot sand. On the back of the beast rode another guard, or was it a soldier? Derek couldn’t tell from his vantage point with the glare. He knew the huge beast would swoop down and pick him up with its razor sharp talons and deposit him upon the stake alive. There was no way around it, and for a moment he relaxed and accepted the idea his time was up. 
---

Then Derek heard the ding from the microwave and snapped back to reality. His Kansas City Royals ball cap was lying on the floor with the aluminum showing and he suddenly realized his mind had been compromised by radio signals from the oven. 
“Derek!” a voice called out from another room. “Momma needs to see you.” 
In a whisper, Derek said under his breath, “Not now, I’m busy.” And then he waited for his mother to call for him again. She always did. 
“Did you hear me? Momma needs you,” his mother called again.
“Yes mother,” Derek replied. He left the kitchen, walked through the living room and into his mother’s bedroom. “What do you want Momma?” 

The End



References:

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_Chanel_suit_of_Jacqueline_Bouvier_Kennedy
http://www.thesmokingstore.com/black-telescopic-cigarette-holder/
http://masterrussian.com/aa031001a.shtml
https://todiscoverrussia.com/top-20-most-common-russian-family-names-and-their-meaning/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scandinavian_family_name_etymology
https://www.range365.com/most-popular-pistols
https://www.starbucks.com/menu/drinks/iced-coffee/vanilla-sweet-cream-cold-brew?foodZone=9999
http://www.businessinsider.com/princeton-review-best-colleges-for-scoring-an-internship-2016-2
https://delishably.com/dining-out/cafe-names
https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/trichotillomania/symptoms-causes/syc-20355188
http://www.innerbody.com/image_digeov/dige06-new.html
https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/crohns-disease/symptoms-causes/syc-20353304
http://2ndcircuit.leoncountyfl.gov/teenCourt/resources/JudgeScript.pdf
University of Limpopo
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/23/nyregion/23caribbean.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_objections
https://www.lawcrossing.com/article/900041946/What-Does-It-Mean-When-a-Lawyer-Says-Permission-to-Treat-the-Witness-as-Hostile/
http://www.foxnews.com/health/2011/10/07/when-does-malpractice-become-criminal.html
https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/crohns-disease/symptoms-causes/syc-20353304
https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/OrbitsCatalog/page2.php
https://reference.medscape.com/drug/luminal-phenobarbital-343017 http://www.centerforgreatapes.org/treatment-apes/about-apes/
https://www.nasa.gov/audience/foreducators/topnav/materials/listbytype/Extravehicular_Activity.html
http://www.gosfordquarries.com.au/news-media/2016/12/1/how-sandstone-is-formed
http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20151211-the-impossible-ice-caves-that-stay-frozen-through-summer
https://simplymarvelous.wordpress.com/2012/09/15/big-jake-tallest-horse-in-the-world/
https://www.npr.org/2015/03/02/390245038/ben-franklins-famous-liberty-safety-quote-lost-its-context-in-21st-century
http://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/dracaenae-names.php#.Wroz4-jwbIU
https://www.drsfostersmith.com/pic/article.cfm?articleid=1628

























